                                  A Body of Water and Bones
  Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/26566000.


Rating:                Mature
Archive Warning:       Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:              F/M
Fandom:                Twilight Series - Stephenie Meyer
Relationships:         Edward Cullen/Original Female Character(s), Edward Cullen/Bella Swan
Characters:            Edward Cullen, Bella Swan, Original Female Character(s), Charlie
                       Swan, Jessica Stanley, Mike Newton, Angela Weber, Lauren Mallory,
                       Alice Cullen, Emmett Cullen, Jasper Hale, Rosalie Hale, Carlisle Cullen,
                       Esme Cullen, Leah Clearwater, The Denali Coven, Garrett (Twilight),
                       Jacob Black’s Pack, Serena (Twilight)
Additional Tags:       Romance, Drama, Friendship, Humor, Angst, Self-Insert, Reincarnation,
                       Isekai and Transmigration, Dimension Travel, High School, Gossip,
                       Shenanigans, Fluff, Swearing, Pop Culture, Slice of Life,
                       Foreknowledge, Found Family, Healthy Relationships, Grief/Mourning,
                       Body Dysphoria, Graphic Depictions of Drowning, Panic Attacks,
                       Horror, Trauma, Hurt/Comfort, Medical Procedures, Medical
                       Experimentation, Forced Pregnancy, Body Horror, Dead Dove: Do Not
                       Eat, Vampire Turning, Blood Drinking, Not Canon Compliant, Canon
                       Rewrite, Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Angst with a Happy
                       Ending
Language:              English
Series:                Part 1 of Come Hell or High Water
Collections:           The best of self inserts and Oc stories, Amazing SI Stories, fics i
                       devoured with love, A Collection of Beloved Inserts, Absolute Favorites,
                       Favorite Self-Insert and OC-Centric Fanfics, Rain Recs, I Read This
                       Instead of Sleeping, Fanfics To Read Over and Over, Lady's collection of
                       PERFECT fics., Best of Fanfiction, SakurAlpha's Fic Rec of Pure how
                       did you create this you amazing bean, Rebirth I SI I Transmigration, my
                       collection of si oc, Collection of treasures that I've cried river if it ever

                                            💖                      💖
                       got delete :)), Bookshelf for Sleepless Nights, my heart is here,
                       To_read_main_rom, ONLY THE BEST , Best female MC fics, and
                       i held the softest of smiles in my hands, Reincarnation and
                       Transmigration, Fics that keep me up at night, Luna Cielo's Collection,
                       AverageFish Discord Recs, Esto es como un accidente automovilístico
                       del que no puedes apartar la vista PERO ENTONCES UN AVIÓN
                       ATERRIZA SOBRE TI, Primus Inter Pares, fics to sink your teeth into,
                       Kasmin approved, Twilight Fanfiction, Stunning Self inserts outstanding
                       OCS and terrific transmigration, robin's collection of SIs and OCs,
                       Definitely Not in Kansas Anymore, Prophetic Dreams Imagined Futures,
                       oh stars~!（＾Ｏ＾☆♪, tianhengs’ treasure trove, fics that really make
                       me psyched to read, My Own Pit of Madness, how can smb write smth
         🌹                                   🎵 🥺❤️🦋 🌑 🎭 🌑
         that adorable, food for the soul, THE      UBIQ
            , pockets full of spaghetti, reread worthy      ,
                                                              ☠ THE     UNIQUE
                                                                 𝑫𝒂𝒓𝒌 𝑴𝒂𝒕𝒕𝒆𝒓 ,

                                            🤌🏻
         Hannibalthecannibal, my favorites so far, the best of my beloveds, Fics
         that just absolutely butter my biscuit , ✧ Favourite Fanfictions ✧, My
         Favorites: Complete Edition, Perfect stories for me,
         HP_Naruto_asoiaf_jjk_pjc_kny_mcu_avatar_mtz_and_etc, Isekai -
         Vallery's Hoard, Fav Twilight Fics
Stats:   Published: 2020-09-20 Completed: 2023-10-20 Words: 211,814
         Chapters: 60/60
                                         A Body of Water and Bones
                                                            by littlestcactus

Summary



      "It was a good distinction to make. I wasn't Bella, but for the time being, I could be Isabella."
      Because time marches on and waking up as Bella Swan is unfortunate, but it's not the end of
      the world. Only the end of her's.

      Links for music playlists and story translations available in the series notes.




Notes
See the end of the work for notes

        Translation into Español available: Un cuerpo de agua y huesos by AnnySakuraRuiz
        Translation into Русский available: Водоем и кости by Fafira
        Translation into Deutsch available: A Body of Water and Bones ~ Ü by Biest1987
      Chapter 1: The Unwitting Infiltration of the Body Snatcher
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Do you ever wish you could wake up as a completely different person? Don't do it. Just,
   please. Because let me tell you, waking up in a foreign body while flying 31,000 feet above
   ground is beyond terrifying. I'm not sure how long I hogged the bathroom in the midst of a
   panic attack, but it was long enough for a few of the other passengers to file a complaint with
   the flight attendants.

   I'm not sure if you want to sit here and read about how I found a driver's license in my carry-
   on with the name 'Isabella M. Swan' and a picture matching the face I found in the mirror, or
   how a man named Charlie found me at the luggage carousel while I squinted at the tags
   hanging from each suitcase, until I found a matching name. Even the ride to Forks or the time
   I took to settle into 'my' room would be a tedious read because it was mostly just me
   thinking:

   Oh fuck, this can't be happening. I'M IN TWILIGHT?! Howwwwww? Did I die? Am I in a
   coma? Is this just a really lucid dream? Faaaaaaaaack.

   Yeah. Just pretend I wrote 50 pages of those thoughts and that's basically what went through
   my brain for the next 24 hours. Thankfully, Charlie mistook my anxious silence as reluctance
   to be in Forks. Which, yes, I was definitely reluctant to be in Forks, but for extremely
   different reasons. Poor guy.

   But, I didn't want to end up in one of those padded rooms wearing a straight jacket, so I didn't
   make a scene. Instead, I woke up the next morning and decided that I was clearly in this for
   the long haul. So I dragged myself out of bed, wore the first outfit I found in Bella's suitcase,
   shouldered her backpack without checking to see what was inside, grabbed her parka and
   keys, and hauled ass.

   Of course, my dumbass didn't check the time. But I didn't even have a cellphone, let alone a
   watch. It was a miracle I had even woken up as early as I did. You'd think it would have taken
   me a while to locate the damn high school, but this town was so stinkin' small I managed to
   drive by it within five minutes of leaving Bella's house. And when I did, I turned in and
   found a nearly empty parking lot.

   "Ugh," I moaned, cutting the engine and slumping down into my seat. "What a nightmare," I
   wept. "Why couldn't I have woken up in Hogwarts?"

   I continued my pity party for another five minutes, before reluctantly grabbing Bella's
   backpack and sliding out of her monstrous, faded red truck. I slammed the door shut without
   bothering to lock it and trudged in the direction of the main office. Luckily, it appeared the
   receptionist had already arrived and unlocked the doors, so I wouldn't be forced to wait
   outside where the mist clung wetly to my hair.
I hope it doesn't get all stringy, I mentally sighed, running my fingers through it, somehow
hoping to dislodge the water as I walked into the cozy office.

I plodded over to the red-headed lady sitting behind the counter and cleared my throat in
order to catch her attention. "Um, I'm Isabella Swan?"

Note to self: Don't sound confused when introducing yourself.

Fortunately, the receptionist didn't appear to notice. "Oh, of course. Although you're awfully
early, dear." I shrugged, and when I didn't offer up an explanation, she continued, "I have
your schedule right here, and a map of the school."

I tried to pay attention as she went through Bella's schedule, highlighting their locations on
the map, and explaining the slip of paper that had to be signed by each teacher.

Finally, I escaped back into the cold and tugged my hood on this time. Finding my first class
was rather easy, and surprisingly, the classroom door was unlocked. Shrugging, I stepped
inside and found a seat near the back. I pulled Bella's schedule back out and frowned. English
wouldn't be starting for another 40 minutes.

I took the time to dig around her backpack. Nothing unusual, although not very organized
either. Most of her notebooks were thankfully new, ready for the new semester. I found some
old, crumpled assignments at the bottom, with what looked like trig problems, and a few
loose pencils. Pulling her wallet out of my back pocket, I chucked it in as well.

Setting her bag by my feet, I slouched back and made a game plan for the rest of the day:

1. Do NOT forget. As far as anyone is concerned: YOU are Isabella Swan.

2. Act NORMAL. Do NOT spaz out.

3. Get the fuck out of Biology.

That was...that was it. To be frank, Bella's story was rather dull without the inclusion of the
Cullens. And the reality was, I wasn't Bella. The blood and the shield were enough to gain
Edward Cullen's attention, but it was Bella who he fell in love with. As soon as he could get
past those two things, I was home free. I could deal with the trauma of being ripped away
from my family and everything I'd ever known once everything settled down.

And hey, maybe getting crushed by Tyler's van would be the key to snapping me out of this
nightmare.

Now there's an idea. I smiled grimly for a moment until the silence settled on me with a
leaden weight. My brain had been in overdrive ever since I'd woken up on that plane and the
fear was now only beginning to twist around my heart, leaving me breathless. Maybe this is
temporary. Maybe this is all in my head. But those were empty platitudes. I had no way of
knowing if this was permanent.

I blinked back into awareness when I heard the dull roar of voices out in the hallway as
students began to converge.
Mr. Mason was the first to arrive. Plopping my backpack into my chair, I snatched the slip
and got him to sign it. I scanned the reading list he gave me as I trudged back to my desk,
ignoring the gawking of my fellow classmates.

The day was turning out to be predictable. I jumped up as soon as the bell rang and left
before anyone could talk to me. I wasn't sure I could keep up the pretense of being polite.

In Trig, Mr. Varner made me introduce myself to the class.

"Um, hi guys. I'm Isabella and I'm from Arizona." I smiled awkwardly.

Before I could get the go-ahead from Mr. Varner to sit down, some obnoxious dude asked,
"What do you like to do for fun, Isabella?" It was an innocent enough question, but the tone
with which he said it caused his peers to snicker.

My smile turned brittle. "I like to go shooting. I'm pretty handy with a gun."

His leer dropped and I found a seat in the back before Mr. Varner could lecture me about
appropriate intro topics.

The curly-haired girl beside me shot me a grin. "Short of telling Vincent to go to hell, nice,"
she approved.

My lips twitched. "Clearly, he will not be dying of natural causes."

We tried to contain our laughter, but Mr. Varner glared at us anyway. It wasn't until the bell
rang that the smaller girl introduced herself as Jessica Stanley.

"Nice to meet'cha, Jessica." I smiled as I shoved my notebook and pencil into my bag. "If you
hadn't already figured it out, I'm Isabella." It was a good distinction to make. I wasn't Bella,
but for the time being, I could be Isabella.

Jessica rolled her eyes. "Trust me. Everyone is very aware of the fact."

We found out we both had Spanish next period and walked together to class, chattering about
inane topics―class schedules, teachers, and a who's who synopsis.

Of course, our gossiping spilled over into the class lecture and the moment that Señora Goff
called me out I forgot for a split second that I was supposed to be impersonating a white girl.

"Señorita Swan, ¿hay algo que le gustaría compartir con la clase?"

"No, Señora Goff. Mis disculpas," I replied, without a hint of an accent. She appeared taken
aback, but accepted my apology with a simple nod before continuing her lecture. Jessica
gaped at me for a few seconds and didn't turn back to her notes until I pointedly ignored her.

As soon as class ended, Jessica pounced on me. "Oh my gosh, Isabella, you've got to tutor
me!" she begged, expression morphing into a cute, puppy-dog gaze that I was sure was very
effective on her dad.
"Ehh." I shrugged. "I'll think about it."

She pouted, but then, catching my grin, assumed I would probably tutor her regardless.
"Aww, don't tease me!"

"Only if you lead the way to the cafeteria," I said, swinging my bag over my shoulder.

Immediately, Jessica picked up her chatter from where she'd left off.

"Ugh, Jess, stop," I complained. "It's hard to form an opinion when I don't even know these
people."

She laughed. "Okay, okay, hurry up." Latching onto my arm, she pulled me through the
double doors leading into the lunch room and towed me over to the end of the line. Jessica
preened under all the attention everyone was giving us.

The guy in front of us was craning his neck awkwardly so that he could stare at me.

"Take a picture, buddy. It'll last longer," I huffed and he turned beat red before shuffling
along.

Jessica giggled. "You're funny!"

"Yep. Hilarious," I drawled, digging through my backpack in search of Bella's wallet. I found
a couple of one's and five's.

If this is as permanent as I suspect, I'll have to steal your sock money. Sorry Bella.

We moved along at a swift pace, and soon enough, Jessica took the job of introducing me to
everyone at her table. It was odd, sitting with people I viewed as storybook characters. There
was Angela Weber―tall, pretty, shy. Lauren Mallory―haughty, and with the looks to justify
it. And even a few new names and faces―June Richardson, Ashley Dowling, Samantha
Wells, Lee Stephens, and Austin Marks.

I was dipping a fry into my ketchup when Jessica suddenly jabbed me in the gut with her
elbow. "Ouch! Watch it, Jessica," I grumbled as I rubbed my stomach. "Your elbows are
sharp."

"Isabella, look. Wait―don't be so obvious!"

I rolled my eyes, but tried to be more discrete as my gaze followed the direction she'd nodded
her head towards. My eyes nearly bugged out of their sockets.

"I know!" she giggled. "Those are the ones I told you about earlier. The Cullens and the
Hales."

"Oh. The rich kids," I repeated what she'd said. Although I hadn't paid much attention.
Jessica would never know I had an uncomfortable amount of information on the group of
vampires.
I snatched my gaze away before I could burn holes into their faces. They were so achingly
beautiful I knew I could stare at them for hours. Thankfully, Jessica dropped the subject after
that. I'm pretty sure she'd only brought it up just to get a good look at my face when I did see
them.

Angela was nice enough to walk me to Biology II. As soon as I walked by Edward Cullen's
lab table my brain went into overdrive.

Gotta come up with an excuse…!

Mr. Banner signed the slip and waved me off without much fanfare. But I had sat on the
stool, enduring Cullen's black, menacing gaze for exactly one second before I stood back up.
Gee, never thought I'd regret reading Midnight Sun.

"Is something the matter, Miss Swan?" Mr. Banner asked without looking up from a stack of
graded worksheets.

"Um, I'm not feeling too good, Mr. Banner. Could I please visit the nurse's office?"

It only took the sight of my pale, scared stiff face for him to agree. As soon as he handed me
a permission slip, I ducked out of the classroom, and assuming the nurse's office would be in
the main office, I hurried in that direction, clutching the strap of my bag with a white-
knuckled grip.

Please don't come after me. Please don't come after me, I prayed.

And to my relief, he didn't.


I leaned closer, squinting my eyes.

"Um, Bells? You okay?" I startled slightly at the sound of Charlie's voice. From the sight of
his uniform, I assumed he'd only just arrived. He was peeking into the bathroom where I'd
left the door wide open.

I turned back to the mirror, leaned closer, and poked the skin beneath my eye. "Dunno. My
face looks funny," was the best I could come up with. Really, I was cataloging the differences
in my face―similar skin tone, nose shape, and eye color; thinner lips, different eye shape,
and a slimmer face.

My cheeks are gone, I mentally sighed and gazed down, as are my boobs.

Catching Charlie's look of concern, I changed the subject. "So, what should we do for
dinner?" I asked, grabbing a hair brush off the counter and gently brushing through the
tangles that had formed throughout the day. Long and dark (like my old hair), and straight (I
could do without the curls. Not the best in such a wet climate.)

"I was thinking we could go down to the diner," Charlie offered.
  "Eh. It's been kind of a long day. Think we could just order in?" I sighed, setting the brush
  back down.

  "Listen Bells, I know―"

  "Don't worry, chief." I grimaced. "I know I was acting funny yesterday. I don't hate it here. I
  was just stressed out about the change and I'm no good with change. But it actually wasn't as
  bad as I thought―I made a couple of friends today." I smiled.

  Charlie was both taken aback and relieved. "That's great, Bells! How about I order some
  pizza and you can tell me all about it while we eat?"

  I grinned. "Sure thing!"

  One day down. Fuck if I know how many I have left here.



Chapter End Notes



    What do y'all think of my OC? She's a bit of a spaz, but hopefully she's likable enough.
    Please, let me know your thoughts on this first chapter! :3
                             Chapter 2: Interview with a Vampire
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Edward Cullen returned the following Monday and I almost decided to ditch. I was totally a
   coward and Bella's face only gave me so much immunity. The chances of me putting my foot
   in my mouth were about the same as Rosalie hating my guts. In fact, I was pretty sure that
   after the stunt Edward pulled, she already did. I was basically fated to blurt out the first,
   dumbass thought that came to mind. Just breathe. You can totally do this. Just answer his
   stupid, invasive questions and do NOT piss him off.

   "Isabella, come on! Stop dragging your feet. We're going to be late!"

   "Sorry, Ange," I pouted, reluctantly picking up my pace and hurrying after her. We made it
   just in time for the bell to ring. I slid onto my stool without looking in Cullen's direction.

   "Hello," he greeted me quietly and I held back a resigned sigh. Reluctantly, I turned to face
   him and he continued, "My name is Edward Cullen. I didn't have a chance to introduce
   myself last week. You must be Isabella Swan."

   "That's me." I grimaced and turned to face forward again. I had been startled to see how
   young he appeared. Nothing at all like Robert Pattinson―Edward was clearly seventeen.
   Even trying to pass off as being in his 20's would be a stretch, despite his height. He had a
   softness to his face that belied his age. I found it sad to see that he was never able to mature
   past that.

   If he was offended by my clear dismissal, he didn't say anything. His opportunity to continue
   the conversation would present itself soon enough.

   The tardy bell rang and Mr. Banner jumped into the lab instructions. I listened carefully,
   praying that all my studying in order to prepare for this lab had paid off. Unlike Bella, I had
   no talent for biology. The fact that I had to take Biology II (and as Edward had already
   proved, couldn't switch to anything else) was a bit of a nightmare for me.

   What I wouldn't give to take physics.

   "Ladies first, partner?" Edward asked, pulling me from my thoughts. I refrained from
   jokingly pushing the microscope in his direction in mock agreement.

   "Sure thing," I muttered, snapping the first slide into place. Tugging the microscope closer, I
   leaned in and squinted. "Hmm…I wanna say it's prophase, but you'll have to double check," I
   said, straightening up.

   "Of course." He shot me a dazzling smile that had me blinking in confusion. Oh. So that's
   what vampire allurement is like in full effect. Shit.
"It's prophase," Edward assured me with another charming grin, before writing it down on
our worksheet and switching out the slides. "Anaphase," he murmured.

I didn't challenge him. The less interaction, the better. As soon as he wrote it down, he
switched out the slides again and pushed the microscope towards me. Leaning over again, I
squinted at the cell for about half a minute, before deciding, "Interphase."

He double checked it, without prompting this time, before writing it down. Again, he
identified the next slide as metaphase. We didn't bother checking the last slide. If we were
right, process of elimination would narrow it down to telophase.

We sat in a strained silence. I could feel him staring at me, but I avoided his gaze. I didn't
want to get caught in his predatory charms―it was honestly terrifying, knowing as much as I
did.

"So, Edward, didn't you think Isabella should get a chance with the microscope?" Mr. Banner
asked.

I frowned, but before I could correct him, Edward admitted, "She identified three of the five."
Okay, that wasn't true. We hadn't even looked at the last one. But contradicting him wouldn't
help my case.

Mr. Banner turned to me with a skeptical expression that had me bristling. "Have you done
this lab before?"

"No," I replied with a challenging tilt of my chin. I study my ass off and this is the response I
get? Ugh.

He seemed a little taken aback, but conceded with a nod. "Well, I guess it's good you two are
lab partners," he settled on a diplomatic reply, before walking off to check on the rest of our
classmates.

Beside me, Edward chuckled. When I didn't reward him with a response, he said, "It's too bad
about the snow, isn't it?"

"Sure," I said with a shrug, still staring down at my notebook.

He paused for a second and then he said, "You don't seem particularly devastated."

Wow. He's really pushing this, huh? Stupid mental shield. "It's just snow." I shrugged again.
Maybe I should just talk to him.

With a resigned sigh, I finally turned to look at him. "You're really pushing this weather
subject, huh?"

"I guess?" He seemed slightly confused, as though just realizing that the talk of weather
wasn't all that engaging. At least for me. He must've picked up on the fact that everyone else
had been happy enough to complain about it.
"Look, if there's something you want to know, just ask," I said bluntly and turned back to my
notebook. I flipped to an empty page and started to write a to-do list of homework
assignments I needed to complete that night.

Edward didn't look a gift horse in the mouth and immediately asked, "Why did you come
here?"

My eyebrows shot up. "To biology? I didn't get much say in my schedule," I huffed.

"I meant to Forks," he said tersely.

"Oh." I paused, pen coming to halt. I then rattled off Bella's story, "Mom got remarried. Mom
wanted to travel with her husband. So, I left."

"That…doesn't seem fair," he admitted, voice sympathetic.

"And?" I replied, not really looking for an answer. I was trying to come up with ideas on
what to write for my essay for English. "Does my being here really inconvenience you so
much?"

Ahh! Why did I say that?! I knew it! Stupid foot in the mouth, just like always.

But miracle of miracles, my accurate 'assumption' immediately shut him up. I spent the rest
of the period brainstorming topics for my essay on Wuthering Heights and wondering if I
could buy an extra lock for my window.

As soon as the bell rang, Edward was out of the classroom like a bat from hell. Mike sidled
up to me as I packed away my notebook at a more sedate pace. "That was awful," he groaned.
"They all look exactly the same. You're lucky you had Cullen for a partner."

I scowled and swung the strap of my bag over my shoulder. "You're saying I'm incapable?"

"W-what? No!" he immediately denied. "Of course not!"

"That's what I thought."

Regardless, Mike followed after me like a puppy. Unlike with Bella, he seemed more
intimidated by me, but he was crushing all the same. Poor guy.


I almost didn't show up to school when I woke up to an icy wonderland outside Bella's house
the next morning. But in the end, guilt won over. If I didn't go, would someone else get
crushed by Tyler's van? On the bright side, if I did die, I might wake up as Hermione this
time! So, I pulled on the warmest sweater I could find and finished getting ready, before
dragging my feet out to the truck.

"Well," I sighed, climbing into the driver's seat. "Like Dumbledore said: 'To the well-
organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.'"
It all happened rather quickly. I had carefully stepped onto the icy grounds of the high school
parking lot and slammed my door shut, when the screeching of tires resounded against the
ice. A blue van was skidding in my direction, tires locked and squealing against the breaks. It
spun wildly, getting closer and closer. I clutched the handle of my car door, feet sliding across
the ice and preventing me from jumping out of the way.

But miraculously, I was slammed from my side, head thudding against the iced asphalt. I
remained pinned to the ground while above me, the metal frame of the van bent and morphed
around the bed of my truck like play-doh, tires still squealing and the crunch of metal
resounding in my ringing ears. The van continued sliding towards me, but a pair of hands
shot out and brought it to a final halt less than a foot from my face, metal distorted where the
hands had shoved it away, the van teetering back on its side.

I wasn't prepared to suddenly be dragged, legs scraping against the ice, right before the
airborne tires of the van could slam back down, ice crunching where my legs had just been,
windows bursting in a shower of glass.

For one, tense second, an eerie silence settled over the lot. And then somebody screamed,
prompting a cacophony of terrified shouting.

"Isabella?! Are you alright?"

My eyes swiveled up and met the distressed gaze of Edward Cullen.

I swallowed thickly, lips trembling. "I...I'm fine. Thanks for the save," I gasped, before
shutting my eyes in order to keep tears from falling.

Shit. Okay, this is it. Just don't question what he did, and deny, deny, deny you saw anything. I
swallowed again, thinking that it had only been a few months ago that I had gotten into a
different car crash. Except my best friend had been in the passenger seat. And though we'd
both been able to walk away from my wrecked car, it had been just as terrifying.

"You're welcome," Edward finally replied.

I didn't say anything. I just kept my position on the ground, head throbbing, waiting for the
ambulance I was sure someone had already called. I can't believe he really saved me...I'm
glad. I want to go home, but getting crushed by Tyler's van is not the way to do it.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Edward asked again. "You hit your head pretty hard."

Above us, the shouting continued. "Get Tyler out of the van!" someone cried.

"It hurts," I admitted with a wince. "But I don't think it's anything serious."

"Do you think you can sit up?" he asked.

And I suddenly realized that the vampire who thirsted for my blood, was pressed closely
against me, holding me in an iron grip. "Right," I muttered. "Yes. I can sit up." Sliding his
arms from around my waist and grasping my elbows, he helped pull me up, until I could sit in
the small space between Tyler's van and Bella's truck. "Thanks," I whispered, blinking back
tears and wrapping my arms around my torso, suddenly realizing how frigidly cold it was, ice
pressing against the thin fabric of my jeans.

I avoided his concerned gaze, instead listening to the teachers and EMTs around us as they
struggled to move the van far enough to bring in the stretchers. Although I didn't think I
needed one, I also wasn't in the right state of mind to traverse the ice-coated parking lot. I
closed my eyes, avoiding the crying faces around me, hoping the day would end already.


Once again, I found myself at the center of attention. It was slightly exhausting keeping up
with everyone's concern, but I was very touched. Tyler was inconsolable. Which, admittedly,
was starting to get old. I was the one who almost got crushed to death―why did I have to be
the one to constantly reassure him?

But I'd already expected all of this. What I hadn't expected was Edward's attention...okay,
attention was probably a bit of a strong word. I'd looked forward to the silent treatment, but
instead he went out of his way to talk to me in class. I'd eventually guessed that my lack of
scrutiny had lowered his guard, and now he was back, trying to pick at my brain. I couldn't
imagine why. I thought my gossiping with Jessica would've shown him that I was as vapid as
any typical teenage girl.

Shame on me. I'm technically in my mid-twenties.

"Isabella?"

"Huh?" I glanced up, realizing that Tyler's chattering had followed me from the lunch room.
"Sorry, what was that?"

If my lack of attention annoyed Tyler, he didn't say so. Instead, he repeated, "How about I
take you out tomorrow?"

I snorted. "Tyler. I'm sorry. But I'm pretty sure the chief will not be letting me go anywhere
with you." It was harsh, but I couldn't imagine Charlie being okay with this after what Tyler
had done. He wasn't my dad, but he had enough similarities to my own dad that I figured
Teenage Rebellion Part 2 was unnecessary. God knows I'd caused my own dad enough grief.

Tyler only seemed abashed. "Don't sweat it. I promise, I'll come up with something really
good!" he grinned at me, finally splitting off once I reached my bio class. It was Friday and I
was tempted to get the weekend started early, if only to avoid Edward's small talk. But I
knew it would only bring more attention to myself.

"Good afternoon, Isabella," he greeted me as soon as I dumped my bag atop our shared lab
table.

"'Sup," I said, hopping onto the stool. We were both early, so I pulled my trig notebook out
and began working on the problems Mr. Varner had assigned.

Ah, trig―the only trustworthy thing in this fucked up life.
"What are you thinking?"

This had become Edward's staple question this past week. I was usually honest―he always
caught me with the most inane thoughts running through my head. "Math," I said blandly.
But I was never elaborate. I was hoping I could eventually bore him to death (figuratively.)

I saw his lips twitch upwards from my peripherals. Around us students begin to fill the room,
chattering loudly.

"Hey, Isabella!" Mike called as soon as he bounded into the room. I shot him a smile and
began switching out my trig notebook for my bio one.

"Mike, you act you didn't just see me at lunch," I said, dumping my backpack by my stool
and leaning against the table, chin resting on my palm.

"I didn't get to sit next to you," he pouted. "You're too popular for me."

I snorted a laugh. "High school popularity. The pinnacle of all my ambitions."

It's exhausting is what it is.

Mike grinned. "You're not too shabby at it. You could do with some pointers though," he
teased.

Mike wasn't all bad―when he wasn't asking me out on dates.

"Pointers from a guy who wasn't even popular enough to snag a seat next to me?" I mocked,
tilting up my chin in that haughty way I'd seen Lauren do. "Pass."

He rolled his eyes. And then, like usual, switched the subject on me. "Uh, listen, Isabella.
Tomorrow's Saturday, and I was wondering if―"

I shot a hand up. "Let me stop you right there. I actually already have plans with Jessica. But,
I was wondering if you could wait for me after our PE class. There's something I'd like to talk
to you about."

His resulting grin was face-splitting. I squashed down my guilt, knowing it was just best to be
blunt with him and Tyler. Neither had taken a hint all week.

Mr. Banner was calling the class to order, so he only whispered a quick, "Definitely!" before
hurrying to his seat.

After a short lecture, Mr. Banner began passing out a thick study guide, allowing us to get
started in order to prepare for our exam on Tuesday.

Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Edward's grouchy face. It wasn't that usual frustrated
look he got when I moved around too much, making it more difficult for him to handle my
scent. He just looked outright irritated.
  "What's the matter with you now?" My guard around Edward had been dropping for the past
  few days, as had my filter.

  He was taken aback, and then his expression became thoughtful. "There's something I'm
  having trouble understanding," he admitted. I finished jotting down my name before turning
  to him, facing him for the first time since he'd saved my life.

  "I have a feeling this has nothing to do with our study guide," I said dryly, struggling to keep
  my expression neutral. How do you stare into the face of a beautiful boy and not giggle like a
  complete ditz?

  "No," he conceded ruefully, and then admitted, "I noticed you are very friendly with everyone
  around here. But you seem to have a particular aversion towards me."

  His candid tone took me by surprise and I struggled for a moment, wondering how to
  approach this. Finally, I said, "You're a very reserved person. I didn't realize you were trying
  to be friends with me." The shield was both a blessing and a curse. It meant I wasn't getting
  killed for knowing the Cullens' secret, but it also meant I had know-it-all Edward constantly
  at my back. I still couldn't imagine why. I hadn't made the fact that I was as obnoxious as
  Jessica a secret at all.

  Edward chuckled, face sheepish, a hand ruffling his hair. He almost seemed human in that
  moment. I accidentally met his golden gaze again, long enough to become dazed this time. "I
  never did thank you," I blurted unintentionally. I had to tear away my eyes in order to gather
  my scattered thoughts. I cleared my throat, embarrassed, and confessed, only meeting his
  gaze from my peripherals, "About the accident on Tuesday. Thank you for saving my life." I
  had expected his avoidance―a proper thank you hadn't occurred to me. And I had been
  slightly afraid that what I'd seen might come into question; he obviously hadn't been standing
  anywhere near me.

  His smile was breathtaking and I was relieved that I'd lowered my gaze in time. "You're
  welcome," he murmured.

  Thankfully, he didn't resume his inquiries on our 'budding friendship' and we spent the rest of
  class in a companionable silence.



Chapter End Notes



    Thank you to everyone who commented, bookmarked, subscribed, and gave a kudos!
    Y'all made me so happy I got this chapter done quicker than intended! :) I hope y'all
    liked the chapter. I did my best to cover the rest of canon quickly. So, next chapter we'll
    be veering off since I'm not doing the time skip all the way to March. Anything goes, so
    let me know if there's anything in particular you'd like to see. I don't make any promises,
    but I'm certainly open to ideas! :)
What do you imagine is going through Edward's head as of now? Poor guy doesn't know
he's the one being duped, lol.
  Chapter 3: Jessica Stanley: Gossipmonger or Journalist-to-be?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The loud beeping of Jessica's horn alerted me to her presence outside. "That's for me! Bye,
   chief," I shouted from the hall, swinging Bella's purse over my shoulder and her parka across
   my arm. Flinging the front door shut behind me, I hurried across the driveway and jumped
   into Jessica's warm car.

   "Okay," Jessica squealed as soon we took off. "You have to tell me everything!"

   I blinked. "Um, maybe elaborate on that Jess?"

   "Put your seatbelt on," she ordered, before grinning like an idiot again. "Okay, you know
   Samantha Wells is dating Lee Stephens, right?"

   "Of course," I answered, although the news only sounded vaguely familiar. Jessica had
   probably mentioned it before. "So?" I prompted her as soon as my belt clicked into place.

   "So, I heard from Samantha that Lee is apparently in your biology class," she hinted.

   I sighed when I realized she wanted me to guess. "Okay? Biology with Mr. Banner isn't
   exactly worthy of gossip."

   Jessica shot me a betrayed look. "You're kidding," she pouted. "You mean you really weren't
   going to tell me?"

   "Um, tell you what?" I asked nervously. Don't tell me this has to do with Edward Cullen.
   Ugh, of course someone noticed.

   "Correct me if I'm wrong, but according to Samantha, Lee says that Edward Cullen has been
   getting cozy with you."

   My lips twitched and then I couldn't help but burst into raucous laughter.

   After a minute or so, Jessica huffed, "Okay! You can stop any time now."

   "S-sorry," I stammered, wiping the tears from my eyes. "Seriously, Jess? 'Cozy?' That's the
   dumbest rumor you've told me yet. And you've told me quite a few."

   "Samantha's a pretty good source. So there is something there," she insisted.

   "Source? Okay, Miss Journalist," I teased her, "I guess I could tell you the truth behind my
   alleged affair…"

   Jessica smacked my arm, simultaneously keeping her eyes on the highway. "Ha ha. You're
   hilarious."
"Thanks! As for Edward Cullen...well, he's my lab partner. There's not much to it." I
shrugged. Except he's a vampire and he vants to suck my blood!

"Aww, come on," she pouted. "After he so heroically saved your life? There's gotta be more
to it than that."

I weighed my options. I could tell Jessica, but with the danger of her telling the rest of the
school. Or she could hound me for the rest of our day trip out to Port Angeles. I grimaced. "I
don't know, Jessica. You're lousy at keeping secrets."

Her eyes sparkled. "There's a secret?!"

"You are impossible," I grumbled, shoving her slightly (not enough to distract her. I could do
without yet another car accident.)

Jessica snickered, but quieted down as soon as she noticed the glare I was shooting her.
"Okay, okay," she cleared her throat, although she was unable to completely drop her grin.
"I'm sorry, Isabella. I promise that whatever you tell me in this car, will remain between only
the two of us." She held up her pinky.

I squinted at it suspiciously, before hooking my pinky around her own. "So. You want to
know the truth about Edward Cullen?"

"Spit it out, already!"

I shrugged. "Truth is, Edward's an awkward nerd."

"What?!" she shrieked, smacking my arm again. "That was the 'secret?' And what do you
mean that the most gorgeous boy in school is an awkward nerd?" Jessica scoffed.

"It's not a secret, per se," I pursed my lip. "I just don't want to accidentally spread mean
rumors about Edward. He's a little weird, but he doesn't deserve that."

"Huh." Jess nodded. "He can be odd. He makes the weirdest facial expressions every time I'm
checking him out."

"Probably projecting your thoughts a little too loudly," I snickered. Poor Jessica.

"Maybe." She smiled sheepishly. "As for the rest…?"

I rolled my eyes. "Lee's an idiot. Cozy? It's literally just Edward's odd attempt at making
small talk. He's not very good at it."

"Small talk? What does Edward's small talk sound like?" Jessica shot me a suggestive smile
before swiveling her eyes back to the road.

"Jessica Stanely, get that look off your face!" Her affronted expression was a good enough
change, so I continued, "Nothing interesting. I said he wasn't very good at it. Mostly just
class stuff. He had been asking me how I was doing, but who hasn't?"
"Oh yeah." She turned quick enough to throw a sympathetic grimace in my direction. "That
was rough. I know you've told everyone you're fine. Are you really?"

"Yeah," I sighed. "It was terrifying, I'm not gonna lie. But Edward did save my life. I'm okay.
It's probably the only reason he's been chatting with me lately. He's nice." When he's not
grimacing like I stink.

"Uh." Jessica's face twisted in disbelief. "Sorry to break it to you, but Edward does not do
nice. Know-it-all asshole would be a more apt description. At least where the rest of us are
concerned."

"And you still check him out? You have no shame!" I laughed.

Her cheeks turned pink. "There's nothing wrong with looking!"

"Whatever you say, Jessica."

She pouted. "So that's it? Edward's an awkward nerd and he sucks at small talk?" Poor Jess.
She looks so disappointed.

I nodded sagely and whispered conspiratorially, "He once tried talking to me about the
weather."

"What?" she laughed.

"Admittedly, it was the day when it stopped snowing half-way through, so technically
everyone was talking about the weather." I shrugged sheepishly.

"Tell me more," she urged, even though I'd already made it clear it hadn't been at all
interesting. And then I remembered yesterday.

"Uh, okay. There may have been something yesterday," I admitted reluctantly. Her expression
turned eager, so I continued before she could bite my head off, "He implied that he would
like to be friends with me."

Jessica squealed so loudly I had to slap my palms over my ears. "Damn it, Jess. If this is how
you're going to react, I'm telling you squat."

"Sorry, sorry." She waved it off, grinning like a lunatic. "You don't understand, Isabella! Do
you know how many girls he rejected within the first week of our sophomore year? He
wouldn't give anyone the time of day."

"I can imagine," I said dryly, rudely rummaging through her glove compartment. Wow,
haven't seen one of these in a while. Pulling out a fat, nylon case of CDs, I began to flip
through the sleeves. "Got anything good in here, Stanley?"

"Ooh, that one," Jessica pointed erratically, eyes glued forward. "That new CD by Fall Out
Boy."
This music is ancient, I couldn't help but think as I shoved the CD into her stereo. I twirled
the dial until the blasting music lowered to a respectable volume.

"Tell me exactly what he said," she demanded.

I blew out a loud sigh. "Um...give me a sec. Actually, I'm the one who brought it up. I asked
him what he was so grouchy about and he said something about how nice I was to everyone
but him."

Jessica gasped. "Isabella, I am disappointed in you. You've been blowing him off this whole
week?!"

"You need to learn the meaning of inside voices, Jessica," I complained, but confessed
nonetheless, "I guess? I didn't realize that was his intention. I figured he was just curious
about the new girl whose life he saved. I expected it would blow over soon enough and he
would go back to ignoring me like he did everyone else." Not that Edward had ever really
ignored me, except for that first week when he couldn't handle being around me. Which was
preferable. I didn't want to be his dinner.

"So?" she demanded, grin still wide. When I could only blink in confusion, she rolled her
eyes and asked, "Do you like him?"

I fell into a stunned silence. The idea of liking Edward Cullen had never even occurred to me.
I wasn't Bella. Why would he ever give me the time of day, as Jess had so eloquently put it?
"I uh...I don't know," I admitted.

"Seriously? He's gorgeous!"

It was my turn to roll my eyes at her. "Obviously. That's not the debate here. Don't be so
shallow, Jess."

"I'm not being shallow," she huffed. "But be real. He's beautiful, he's intelligent, and he's the
politest seventeen-year-old I've ever met."

"Didn't you just call him a know-it-all asshole a while back?" I laughed. "Edward's a
crotchety old man shoved into the body of a seventeen-year-old. Not sure if that's my style."

"Oh," she hummed. "Has anyone else caught your eye, then?"

"Definitely not." Her look of disbelief had me elaborating, "I like older guys."

No way am I dating anyone at school. That's just WRONG.

"Like seniors?"

"Uh, no. More like college guys." Not really. I'd already graduated college, but I couldn't just
say 'adult men.' That'd be sure to freak her out.

"Oh I bet they're so much more mature!" she agreed. "But, you'll have to make do with a
senior. The spring dance is coming up in a few weeks. We need to get dates!"
I pursed my lips. "I guess," I reluctantly permitted. If I'm even stuck here that long.

"Aw, come on!" Jessica urged. "It'll be fun! Plus, it's girls' choice, so you ask whoever you
want!"

"I don't mind going alone," I said. "I can just third wheel it with you and your date, or with
Angela." Rude. But the better alternative.

"Make me do all the work?" she complained. "Fine. I'll find you a date. You don't have to
thank me."

"Only if it's a senior," I threw in a stipulation, knowing there was no stopping her.

"Yeah, yeah," she waved me off. "Unless you end up changing your mind about Edward, of
course."

I snorted a laugh. "Me? Ask Edward to the spring dance? That sounds mortifying."

"Don't I know it," she muttered darkly.

I turned to her, lips twitching. "What does that mean?"

Her face turned red. "I, uh, may have been one of those sophomore girls that Edward
rejected," she mumbled.

"Aww, Jess," I said sympathetically. "That's tough. I'm sorry."

"Not a great way to start off the school year," she laughed sheepishly. "But it's in the past
now. I won't hold it against you if you change your mind about him."

"Wow. I'm impressed by your generosity. Really."

Jessica flipped her curls back. "You're welcome. Oh, turn it up. This one sounds good."

"As her highness commands," I mocked, before twirling the dial, until the music was blasting
around us again.

We were only half-way through the next song when she suddenly announced, "We're here!"

I blew a breath. "Wow. Time sure does fly by when you're being interrogated."

"Shut up. Or I won't treat you to lattes!"

"Jessica Stanley!" I gasped. "You do know the way to my heart."

Fortunately, it didn't take us long to find a parking spot near the shops. Jessica expertly
maneuvered in, before dragging me to the walkway. "There's this cute little coffee shop
Angela and I always stop by!"

"It's too bad she couldn't join us," I lamented. Angela was super sweet.
"Yeah," Jess said. "I think she had to babysit her little brothers or something."

Once we picked up our lattes, Jessica began to lead me to one of her favorite stores. "Most of
the shops are small here. This is one of the better stocked ones," she guided me through the
glass doors of a wide clothing store.

"Oh, thank God!" I grinned. "I barely have any clothes. I couldn't bring most of my Arizona
gear out here." I gave a small prayer for the death of Bella's sock money. I hadn't taken all of
it, but I would have to find a job sooner rather than later.

Jessica and I split up. She was digging through the pile of jeans on display while I ducked
further back. I was sifting through sweater dresses on a rack when I noticed other shoppers
entering the store from my peripherals. The kind of customers that were impossible to ignore
because they were impossibly beautiful. And the penny copper hair was pretty hard to miss
from someone that tall. And the tiny creature at his side could only be Alice Cullen.

This...doesn't make ANY sense. I paused, frowning at the deep blue dress in my hands. Is this
a coincidence? Is this an Alice-type coincidence? Am I just being paranoid?

"That's a nice color, but I don't think that's your size." The remarkably appealing voice was
unmistakable. What was more startling was when I turned to look at him and found a pile of
clothing in his arms. They'd walked in a mere minute ago. "Alice―my sister. She likes
shopping."

"I can tell," I muttered, glancing back and realizing I was in the medium section of the
rack―which would have been fine if I were in the right body. Shuffling over, I glanced at the
price tag and picked out two of the sweater dresses in a size small. Yes, this is definitely out of
the ordinary. Alice wouldn't come shopping here. I thought she only shopped designer. I kept
my observations to myself. How much longer would I have to endure their scrutiny?

"Are you alright, Isabella? You seem irate," Edward observed, shifting the clothes over to one
arm.

Don't be a bitch. He's not actually doing anything wrong. This is a free country. I smoothed
my expression over and tucked all my accusations into the corner of my mind. "Sorry, I'm
fine." I shook my head. "You should probably be the one who is irritated. Doesn't look like
your sister is going easy on you."

I migrated over to a rack bursting with leggings and he shadowed my steps. I couldn't
imagine why; it must be excruciating to be in such proximity, much less on a day when he
wasn't required to.

"Yes, well, it's Alice." He lifted his shoulders helplessly, as though that explained everything.
Which, if you were familiar with Alice, it did. Across the store I made eye contact with
Jessica and I mentally cursed. Perfect. Every word I said to Jessica is fresh in her mind and
now Edward will get a front row seat to my thoughts. What did I say about him? Awkward
nerd; bad at small talk; a crotchety old man shoved into the body of a seventeen-year-old?
Fan-fucking-tastic.
Chapter End Notes



    How do y'all feel about bestie!Jessica? Don't worry, Edward and Alice shall be
    appearing in the next chapter. A huge thank you to everyone who is supporting my
    story! I'm super stoked! :) Please let me know what you thought of the chapter! I'll
    update soon :)
                                       Chapter 4: Sun of a Beach
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   If Edward was offended by my conversation with Jessica, he certainly didn't show it. He was
   rather pleasant up until Alice showed up with another pile of clothes. A rather comical sight
   considering how tiny she was. "I want all of this too," she announced, dumping her choices
   atop what Edward was already carrying.

   Edward simply released a long suffering sigh. "Is that all then?"

   "For now," Alice allowed and abruptly shot me a brilliant smile. "Oh! You must be Isabella!
   Edward's told me all about you."

   "What?" I stared stupidly.

   "Alice, quit harassing her. If you're finished here, let's go pay," Edward insisted, balancing
   the teetering pile of clothes in one arm and using the other one to steer Alice in the direction
   of the cashier.

   Alice was not deterred. "It was nice meeting you, Isabella! I hope we can be friends."

   "Um, sure?"

   My confusion didn't seem to worry her. She simply beamed again and waved until they
   reached the register. I turned my back to them, feeling like an idiot. They had been here for
   less than five minutes. Obviously, it had just been a coincidence. I'm an idiot.

   As soon as they were gone, Jessica sidled up to me, a cute pair of jeans clutched in her hands.
   "Isabella, did you tell Edward to meet you here?!"

   I snorted. "As if. I was just as surprised to see him here."

   "Aww, that's too bad," she complained.

   Quickly, I distracted her, "Hey, those jeans are adorable. Help me pick some out?"

   That did the trick. Jessica and I spent the majority of the morning in that one store, trying on
   dozens of outfits. Mostly, she helped me pick out a new wardrobe, seeing as I was in urgent
   need of warmer clothes. So, we piled on the jeans, cute sweaters, and even a new pair of rain
   boots I was in desperate need of. In the last two weeks, Bella's sneakers had been in a
   constant state of sogginess.

   It was around noon when we piled a dozen shopping bags into Jessica's trunk. "I'm starving!
   Anything good around here, Stanley?" I asked, gazing down the walkway. But all I could see
   were a few other boutiques and a bakery. Across the street was a tattoo parlor.
"Yes! The girls and I usually go to this little italian restaurant. It's only a block from here if
you don't mind walking."

"It's not too cold. I'll survive," I shrugged, shoving my hands deeper into the pockets of my
parka. I followed after Jess once she slammed the trunk shut. The walk to Bella Italia
wouldn't have been awful, if it weren't for the fact that Bella had terrible circulation.

As soon as the hostess lead us to a table, I sat and tucked my hands in between my thighs.

Jessica managed to look both concerned and amused. "I think we'll have to do some more
shopping after this."

"Huh? What more could I possibly need?" I rubbed my hands together and finally cracked
open the menu. I perused it for about half a minute before deciding on a fancy picture of a
pasta dish.

Jess looked at me like I was stupid. "Gloves?"

"Oh. Yeah, that would be a good idea," I agreed. "Hey, you mind ordering for me? I really
gotta pee."

"Sure. What do you want?"

"This," I pointed, shrugging off my parka and standing up. I didn't bother untangling the strap
of my purse from across my torso. It was an emergency.

"Wait! Which one?" Jessica huffed.

"The one in the picture," I pointed again, before ducking around the surrounding tables,
making a beeline for the restroom.

Unfortunately, after doing my business, I ran into a little problem.

It was one of those single occupancy bathrooms with a wide, heavy door. You know, the type
that would be impossible to not only break down, but was so thickset, any pounding against it
would be muted.

"You've got to be shitting me," I hissed, yanking the handle of the door again, but no dice. It
was stuck. I was stuck. And poor Jessica probably thought I abandoned her. I struck the door
again and pulled back with a wince, the bruising on my knuckles becoming visible. "Ouch," I
grumbled, looking around for another escape route. The air vent was too small and I was
afraid I might get stuck inside the window if I attempted to climb out. Another minute passed
by, even though it felt like a whole eternity, before I made a bad decision.

"Well, I hope you're really as skinny as you look Bella." With a grunt of effort, I managed to
unlatch the rusty window. It took all the feeble strength in my noodle arms to slide the lower
half of the window up. I squinted at the small opening, wondering if I really would fit. "Fuck
it."
Sticking my head through the window, my nose scrunched up in disgust, hit with the stench
of piss and rotting food. The window was located right by the dumpster, and further down the
alley, across from me, was a homeless man deeply asleep.

I slowly began to climb out, relieved when my shoulders fit through the gap. I pushed myself
further out, only to be pulled to an abrupt stop once my hips crossed the pane. I wiggled
experimentally, until I realized that it was my purse that had gotten stuck, the strap straining
against my chest. "Damn it," I cursed, yanking it off. After that, it only took another shove
before I came tumbling out of the window. "Gross!" Jumping up, I quickly dusted myself off.
I reached back in and pulled Bella's purse free. "Aha!" I had less than a second to feel
accomplished, before I was suddenly stumbling down again, knees jarring against the dirt
floor of the alley.

"Huh? H-hey! Get back here!" I shouted, springing to my feet and throwing myself into a
sprint, swerving out of the alley and back onto the walkway. Fortunately, it wasn't too busy
out, and I could easily keep track of the homeless man from the alley, my purse swinging
wildly in his grasp.

"Give that back!" I cried, pushing myself to go faster.

"Isabella?"

Ugh, don't just stand there! You're the one with the vampire speed. I had run by, just as Alice
and Edward were walking up from around a corner with piles of shopping bags. I only got a
glimpse of their bewildered expressions, before my gaze zeroed in back on the thief. My feet
slapped hard against the concrete paths while I mentally cursed Bella's lack of speed and her
stupidly short legs. At least I have better control over her limb coordination.

I cursed again when my purse thief lurched in the direction of the clapboard stairway that
lead down to the harbor. I nearly stumbled down the wide steps, but a cold hand grasped my
elbow and kept me from nose-diving. I didn't have the energy to give Edward a second
thought, and simply continued the chase over the wooden planks, boats moored on one side,
and little stalls selling wares on the other.

The thief abruptly turned and veered down the pier. There's nothing at the end but water. I
suddenly had the dreaded image of him jumping and swimming away with my purse. "Oh no
you don't!" I careened forward and launched myself against his back. We tumbled down the
length of the pier, grappling for my purse, before I was suddenly yanked back by a steel grip
around my waist. "Got it!" I cheered, holding the purse to my chest triumphantly, until my
eyes bugged out when I realized I was right at the end of the pier, Edward's grip keeping me
from taking a header over the edge.

"Thanks for the save," I grinned up sheepishly at him, my chest heaving as I caught my
breath. Although it would've been unnecessary if you'd just caught him to begin with.

"You're welcome," he replied faintly with a bewildered expression.

Down in the water, the homeless man was spluttering. "You're crazy, lady!" he cursed at me,
before swimming away.
Once Edward helped me up, I double checked the contents of my purse. Everything appeared
to be in order, if a little jumbled, and a peek in my wallet revealed one hundred dollars still in
place. "That's a relief."

When I glanced up, Edward was checking me over. "You're okay?"

"A little banged up, but I'll be fine," I shrugged, securing the strap of my purse across my
torso. As we began our trek back to the docks, I wrapped my arms around myself, the frigid,
January air seeping into my bones. Without prompting, Edward draped his coat across my
shoulders and I simply nodded in thanks. Slipping my arms through the wide sleeves, I didn't
bring attention to the icy fabric of his coat, as though it'd been wrapped around a snowman.

At the front of the pier, Alice was waiting, looking comical with the heaps of shopping bags
piled at her feet. "You're lucky nothing got ruined!" she scolded Edward as soon as we made
it to her side.

"I'm sorry, Alice." If it weren't for the amusement in his eyes, I would've thought his apology
to be sincere.

"You should be," Alice pouted, before turning to me with a softer expression. "Are you
alright, Isabella?"

"Fit as a fiddle," I beamed. "Nothing like a chase through town to get your blood
pumping." Although probably not a good idea around vampires.

"What happened?" Alice asked as we headed back, Edward taking on the majority of her
purchases.

"Well…" I smiled sheepishly, before briefly explaining my mishap with the bathroom door at
Bella Italia, my daring escape through the window, and my lapse in judgement when I
assumed the homeless man was asleep. "I don't have the best luck," I admitted. Correction:
Bella doesn't have the best luck! Taking her body is one thing, but I could have done without
her lousy luck. Ugh.

"You're telling me," Alice laughed, an enchanting sound. "But very impressive! You really
caught him!"

I waved my hand in a so-and-so motion. "I would've taken a dive if it weren't for Edward."

"He's useful for some things," Alice agreed.

"You should not be bad mouthing the person carrying your bags," Edward muttered from
behind us, although he didn't sound all that offended.

Alice shot him a smile full of blindingly white teeth. "You know I'm teasing, brother."

"I should get going. Jessica's probably worried," I said as we reached Edward's Volvo, parked
across the street from the restaurant. "Thanks again for the help, Edward!"
The Cullen's waved at me while I crossed the street. Although it felt like an eternity, I had
probably only been gone for a maximum of twenty minutes. The hostess shot me an odd look
when she saw me entering again and Jessica was looking in the direction of the bathrooms
with worry, leaving her food untouched.

As I sat down, Jessica demanded, "Where have you been?!" Her eyes suddenly bugged out.
"Is that Edward's coat?"

"Oh. I forgot to give it back," I muttered with a downward glance. Jessica was bursting with
questions. "Eat your food and I'll tell you everything."

Needless to say, Jessica was a very enthusiastic listener.


Monday morning was cloudy but rainless. I sat on the bed of my truck, reviewing my notes
for biology. The horrible part about this subject was the gross amount of memorization
involved. The exam wasn't until tomorrow, but I'd spent all day with Jessica on Saturday, and
Sunday was my lazy day. I was muttering under my breath, trying to force the words to stick,
when Jessica suddenly jumped up and sat beside me with an excited squeal, rocking the bed
of the truck.

"Now I'm not going to get anything done," I sighed, stuffing my notebook back into my
backpack.

Jessica ignored my grumblings and sang, "Guess who called me last night?"

"No idea. But tell me about it?" I leaned back, hands splayed flat behind me, my new gloves
keeping my fingers warm.

"It was Mike!" she blurted, nearly tripping over her words, "He was so sweet! And he asked
me out! We're going on a date this Friday!"

"That's great!" I cheered, relieved that my words had gotten through to Mike. Although he'd
been pretty dejected when I'd last seen him on Friday, he hadn't immediately shot the idea of
Jessica down. "It was about time!"

"Ugh, I know!" Jess laughed. "But it's okay. It's totally worth it!"

I grinned. "What are you going to wear?"

This set Jessica off again, until she paused in the middle of describing her black booties.
"Speaking of outfits! I brought my camera! We should take some pictures today!"

Jessica had bugged me until I agreed to match outfits with her today. "Sure, if you'd like," I
nodded.

"Isabella!"

Jessica and I turned to see Conner and Austin exiting the car beside us. "Is it true you were
held at gunpoint?"
"What?" I spluttered, laughing nervously.

"We heard you and Jessica were robbed in Port Angeles," Conner clarified.

I swiveled my eyes to Jessica. "Uh, I told Lauren and Angela what happened," she admitted
sheepishly, "But nothing about guns or being robbed!"

I rolled my eyes and turned back to the guys. "No, that's not what happened." I ignored their
expectant gazes and hopped off the bed of my truck. "If you're really that curious, I'm sure
Jess won't mind repeating herself." I swung my backpack strap over my shoulder and grasped
the handle of the parchment bag containing Edward's coat.

Jessica jumped off as well and I flung the tailgate of the truck shut. "Sorry?" she laughed
sheepishly.

"I don't care," I shrugged, "But have fun repeating yourself, because I'm not saying
anything."

"I don't mind," she grinned.

Leaving the parking lot behind, we split off. On my way to my locker, I received similar
questions. Small town gossip was ridiculous, but I didn't lose my temper and instead directed
all questions to Jessica. Surely she'd enjoy the attention.

I normally didn't use my locker, but my biology textbook would be necessary today if I
wanted to double check my notes. My trig textbook had made a permanent home in Bella's
room, with the amount of homework Mr. Varner assigned every day. To my surprise, I found
Alice standing by my locker. "Hey Alice. What's up?" I asked, twirling the dial until it landed
on the correct combination. "You want to hand this off to Edward for me?"

Alice waved off the offered bag. "No. You'll see him later anyway. I just wanted to let you
know you look super cute today!"

I glanced down at my new clothes―the blue sweater dress, scarf, dark leggings, boots, and
my new coat. "Thanks so much!" I beamed. "I've been freezing these past two weeks, so it
was kind of necessary."

"I really enjoy shopping," Alice continued enthusiastically, "I'd love it if we could go together
some time!"

My eyebrows shot up in surprise. "Um, sure." Why are they being so friendly?

"Great!" Alice cheered and skipped off. "See you later, Isabella!"

"Right…" I turned back, storing the bag with Edward's coat in my locker, ignoring the
curious looks Alice's presence had incited.

"Isabella, is it true you used martial arts to thrash the guy who kidnapped Jessica?"
  I grimaced and slammed my locker door shut with a resounding bang. Today was going to be
  a long day.



Chapter End Notes



    Thoughts?

    And no worries, no more time skips! This shall pick up right where I left off, and that
    should be the pattern from now on. The beginning was only rushed because I didn't want
    to rehash canon. And thank you for your continued support! It's definitely an incentive
    to keep writing x)
   Chapter 5: Lie Low, Hit the Books, and Google Your Catch-22
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It was about half-way through lunch that Angela succeeded in sneaking me out of the
   cafeteria. Jessica was still in the midst of clearing up all the ridiculous rumors and she was
   thriving under the attention. I, on the other hand, was mortified knowing the Cullen's could
   hear every single word, no matter how hushed.

   "Thanks Ange!" I sighed as we stepped into our empty bio class. "You were very aptly
   named. A true angel!"

   "Thanks, Isabella," Angela smiled. "Although I've yet to notice eyes covering my body."

   I hopped up on the stool beside her at her lab table. "I'll let you know if that changes! How
   was your weekend?" I took out my biology notebook and textbook as I had been
   intermittently doing all morning. I knew I'd be cramming until lunch tomorrow. This subject
   was the worst.

   "My parents were out all weekend at a pastoral conference in Seattle," she explained, taking
   out her study guide, "So I was watching my little brothers."

   "Oh, Jess mentioned them. How old are they?" I quietly listened as Angela told me about the
   twins. My heart ached. I missed my brother.

   "Isabella? Are you okay?"

   I glanced away from my notebook long enough to meet Angela's concerned gaze. "Sorry. I
   guess listening to you talk about your family made me homesick."

   Her smile was sympathetic. "I bet. Forks must be very different."

   "It certainly wasn't what I expected," I laughed nervously, "I'm glad I met you guys though."

   "We're glad we met you too! Jessica especially," Angela laughed, "I don't think I've ever seen
   anyone so attuned to her."

   "Guess it takes one to know one," I grinned, "Port Angeles was fun, but I hope we can make
   a trip out to Seattle!"

   "Oh no. Who knows what kind of trouble you'd get into." Angela appeared genuinely
   concerned for a second before her expression brightened again. "Actually, we have the field
   trip next week. I think on Tuesday."

   "Field trip?" That sounded vaguely familiar. Jessica had probably mentioned it at some point.
"Out in Seattle to the Burke Museum," she nodded. "They should be officially announcing it
soon. Probably tomorrow, since we'll need to get permission slips signed. The whole junior
class is going!"

I snorted. "What? All ten of us?"

Angela giggled. "Close. I think it's more like eighty-five."

"Mind blowing," I muttered dryly, turning back to my notes. "Hey, you want to test me on
this?"

We spent the remainder of our lunch period that way. I finally stood when Angela's lab
partner, a guy named Rob, arrived along with the rest of our classmates. "Don't look so glum.
You're going to do great!" she said.

"I better," I huffed, "Or I'm going to be so mad."

I gathered my things and trudged over to Edward's side. "You mind quizzing me?" I asked. I
figured as long as he was playing nice, I could take advantage of his genius brain.

"If you'd like," he tilted his head in a nod, not looking as pained as he normally did. Perhaps
he was more accustomed to my scent?

I didn't dwell on the thought and instead dumped all my stuff atop our shared table. "Perhaps
it'd be best to put aside your notes. You won't have access during the exam," Edward
suggested.

I frowned and grumbled, "I guess."

"I'm sure you'll hardly need anything. You've been studying all day."

Uh, how does he know that? But like with everything to do with Edward, I didn't question it.
Regardless, I opened my notebook to a blank page, knowing I'd need to jot whatever I
couldn't remember at the top of my head to review later. The textbook, study guide, and any
loose worksheets were all shoved into my backpack.

Of course, Edward didn't even consult his own notes. He shot questions at me from the top of
his head.

"When does crossing over occur during meiosis?"

"Uh, prophase I."

"Assuming that flower color is controlled by a single gene, what's most likely true of the
allele for red flowers and white flowers?"

"...The allele for red flowers is dominant to the allele for white flowers."

"A black sheep is bred with a white sheep. All of their offspring have a phenotype of gray
coats. What is the most likely pattern of inheritance for coat color in sheep?"
"Incomplete dominance…?"

"Which type of inheritance most likely explains the relationship between the two alleles?"

"Codominance?"

"In which phase of meiosis do homologue pairs pull apart and move to opposite ends of the
cell?"

"Anaphase I."

And so on and so forth. I was thankful Mr. Banner allowed us a study period because Edward
tested me so thoroughly, my brain began to hurt twenty minutes in.

"Who provided the first strong confirmation of the chromosome theory?"

"Um, Thomas Morgan. Could we take a break?"

"Oh. Of course," Edward agreed.

"Thanks!" I flashed him a grin and with permission from Mr. Banner, was excused to go to
the bathroom. I didn't. Instead, I veered off in the direction of my locker and grabbed the bag
containing Edward's coat, which I'd forgotten to pick up during lunch hour. Mr. Banner was
too busy with a couple of students to notice my quick return.

"Sorry, I forgot to give this back on Saturday," I said, handing the bag off to Edward.

His smile was impish. "You needed it more than I did."

"Clearly." Either he thinks I'm the most oblivious idiot on earth or he's not as subtle as he
thinks he is.

"Ready?"

I grimaced, rubbing my temple and sighed. "Yeah, I'm ready."

Edward's rapid quizzing began and I struggled to keep up


"Jessica, shut up," I grumbled. The text blurred before my eyes and I had to blink a few times
before it came into focus again. "Hey, what time is it?"

"Hm, it's nine. Still pretty early," she said from her splayed position on her fluffy rug.

I yawned. "I've been studying all day. I think I'll call it a night."

"Yes! So tell me what happened," she begged, propping herself up on her elbows.

I rubbed my eyes and slammed my textbook shut. "With what?"

"You gave Edward his coat back!" she reminded me.
"Yeah? So?" Instead of packing up my stuff like I should have, I slumped down next to
Jessica, sinking into the fleecy softness with a sleepy sigh.

"What did he say?" Jess continued to prod at me.

"Huh? Nothing really. He spent the whole class quizzing me in preparation for the exam
tomorrow," I explained around another yawn. My eyes slid shut.

"Aww, he was helping you study? That's so sweet," Jessica gasped.

"I guess? I wouldn't call chromosomal basis romantic," I snorted

Jess groaned in frustration. "Why must you be so difficult, Isabella? He obviously likes you!"

I opened my eyes long enough to grin at her. "Quit being such a romantic. I've known the guy
for like, a week." Sorry Jess. Can't explain anything about vampires and singers and mental
shields. It's so dumb.

"You are ruining all my hopes and dreams," she cried.

"And what are your hopes and dreams?"

She sat up, hands waving excitedly. "That you, me, Angela, and Lauren will all have
boyfriends by next month! And we'll go to the spring dance! And then prom! And summer
plans too! It'll be perfect!"

"I guess that's not a terrible dream. Albeit, pretty short-lived," I giggled. "It doesn't have to be
Edward though." Actually, I'd prefer it not to be a high school boy. Edward's technically the
oldest one...or is that Jasper? Are those my only options? High school kids or vampires?

"I still say he likes you," she grumbled and then grinned again. "Valentine's day is in two
weeks! We should totally set everyone up!"

I nodded. "Yeah. Angela likes that Ben kid right?"

"Yes!" Jess squealed. "That's perfect!"

I grimaced. "I'll have to talk to Tyler though. He hasn't asked me out since last week, but
Lauren's bound to get fed up sooner or later."

Jessica matched my expression. "Yeah, you should. I get it, he almost killed you. Doesn't
mean he has to marry you to make up for it."

I rolled my eyes. "You're telling me."

"Face it, Isabella, everyone is in love with you. For a while there, I thought Mike was too."

I hid a wince and laughed instead. "Uh, Cullen is not in love with me and Tyler is
delusional."
"I'm still rooting for Edward," Jessica gave me a cheeky grin.

My returning smile was weak. I had been here for two weeks already and still, I saw no sign
of waking up from whatever lucid dream I was experiencing. At this point, it feels like this is
reality now. I sat up abruptly. "Hey, Jess. Could I use your computer?" Unlike the ancient
monstrosity that sat in Bella's room, Jessica's was a newer model (for 2005.)

"Sure," she waved me off. "I'm gonna take a shower."

"Good idea," I teased her, concealing my relief. Jessica was nosy by nature and this would be
easier without her hovering somewhere over my shoulder.

After she logged in for me, I eagerly took her place at her desk. I became engrossed as I
Googled anything that could come close to my situation. Anything from "becoming another
person" to "body possession." As you might imagine, it all ranged from multiple personality
disorder to demonic activity. One specific article had me fearing that I really had gone
crazy. But no, Edward really was a vampire. And there's no way Bella could've known about
all the kids attending Forks High. I am NOT crazy.

I continued my fruitless search regardless, switching from general articles to more
personalized accounts. That was a mistake. Reading about other's personal experiences made
me think they were crazy. And if that's how that sounded, there's no way I could ever speak
up. Ugh, at least Edward can prove he's a vampire. I just sound like I belong in the loony bin.
I wonder if this is how Alice felt.

My eyes were burning from strain and I was ready to give up when I ran across an article
reviewing a book titled By Proxy. I'm basically the protagonist of a book. Maybe this is it. I
clicked on the link and rubbed at my eyes. As I skimmed the book's excerpt, my eyes
widened with renewed energy. My heart thumped loudly against my rib cage as the words
branded themselves into my being:

It is a curious thing to experience life after death. Not in the manner of ascending to an
afterlife, but in the way of being given a second chance. When I think of my first life, it is with
a bittersweet regret that my loved ones have been dealt a great injustice. And when I think of
my second (current) life, I look into the eyes of those who love the body I presently inhabit
with a great shame.

The first and last lines gripped me especially. Is that what this is?! Did I die…? Quickly, I
glanced through the article, but didn't find anything helpful. Just a blogger praising and
criticising the author's work (a woman by the name of Zaire White.) I followed the link at the
bottom and cursed. To buy the book I would have to drive out to the nearest Barnes & Noble,
which had the closest options of Olympia or Tacoma. A two hour drive that would probably
be made longer by Bella's monstrous truck. And I didn't even have a debit card to make the
purchase online.

"Isabella?"

I nearly shouted in surprise when Jessica's mom snuck up on me. "Oh, uh, hey Mrs.
Stanley…" A quick glance to the time stamp in the corner of the computer screen revealed
  that it was nearly midnight. "Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry! I didn't realize it was so late!"

  "Don't worry, I called your dad earlier and let him know you'd be staying over," she said,
  suddenly handing me a stack of folded clothes atop a blanket. "You can borrow Jessica's extra
  set of pajamas. Both of you have been studying all afternoon. You should go to bed."

  "Definitely! Thank you so much" I stammered, clutching the fleece blanket and soft pjs.

  My flustered smile seemed to amuse her. "Goodnight."

  "Goodnight, Mrs. Stanley," I called as she shut the bedroom door behind her.

  With a resigned sigh, I turned back and took a moment to erase my Google search history
  before shutting the computer down. Despite the tired ache in my bones, I didn't swap clothes
  until I'd packed away my mess of notes and worksheets. I wasn't sure what Jess would need
  for her exam tomorrow so I neatly stacked her study materials on her desk, near her
  backpack.

  Lights turned off and changed out, I slumped down next to Jessica and found her physics I
  textbook clutched in her hands. The last thing I remember was tossing the thing onto the floor
  before falling into a fitful sleep.



Chapter End Notes



    So, I will definitely be addressing how my OC found herself in this situation, otherwise
    she's never going to let it go lol! It's not going to be dragged out or anything like that,
    but it has to happen before anything further can develop with Edward.

    Anyway, pretty please let me know your thoughts, feedback, or any questions you may
    have! Thanks so much for reading everyone! :)
         Chapter 6: Bamboozled by a Meddlesome Mind-Reader
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   "Morning, Ange," I mumbled behind the lid of my styrofoam coffee cup.

   Once she settled into the seat beside me, Angela looked to me with concern. "Are you okay,
   Isabella?"

   "Wow, I must look terrible." I rubbed at my eyes, trying to sooth away the sleep. "It's been
   kind of a long morning. I ended up staying over at Jessica's last night."

   "And yet, you guys had time to go buy coffee," Angela smiled, digging through the bag in her
   lap.

   "We weren't running late! Jessica had a meltdown because she realized she didn't finish her
   study guide for her physics test today," I explained, eyeing the neat, hand-written essay she'd
   pulled from her folder. "I had to remind her Lauren probably finished her's, and she has until
   lunch anyway."

   "Yes, well unless Jess gets a hundred on that test, she won't be happy," Angela giggled.

   I took a long sip of coffee, the bittersweet drink warming me from the inside. "And then I ran
   into Tyler a few a minutes ago. That conversation couldn't be over soon enough."

   Angela grimaced sympathetically. "Did he ask you out on another date?"

   "Yes, but I set him straight," I shrugged, slouching back into my chair. "I don't think he'll be a
   problem anymore, and maybe Lauren will hate me less."

   "Oh, she doesn't hate you!" she was quick to defend. "She's just...frustrated."

   "It's whatever," I waved off her concern, turning to face forward as Mr. Mason called the
   class to order. I busied myself with pulling out the essay on Wuthering Heights I'd finished
   Friday night, pretending my messy, slanted handwriting didn't bother me. Mr. Mason hadn't
   made typing it up mandatory, but I hadn't realized I'd find the sight of a hand-written essay so
   bothersome.

   Slowly, the espresso in my coffee brought me to life, and I was able to pay enough attention
   to realize Mr. Mason was discussing next week's field trip to the natural history museum in
   Seattle. I wonder if that's near a commercial area. Could I sneak out long enough to buy that
   damn book? It was a bit reaching. Our junior class was so small, but it probably depended on
   the amount of chaperons. I shelved the thought for later.

   I was looking at the permission slip when Ange whispered, "I'm going to help Mike study for
   our bio exam in the library during lunch period. Would you like to join us?"
I shot her a grateful smile, "Sure, Ange. Some last minute cramming sounds perfect."

She gave me a thumbs up as I shoved the permission slip into my backpack.

The rest of my classes passed in a blur. Jessica assumed it was the lack of sleep that kept me
from paying attention, but in reality, I couldn't stop thinking of that small passage I'd read
from that book. The words "life after death" kept bouncing in my skull like a heated game of
pinball. Is this purgatory? The thought didn't compute. It all felt real enough to me, and if I
didn't get answers soon, I knew I was going to lose it.

"Hey I know you're tired, but cafeteria's this way," Jessica obnoxiously waved her hand in my
face.

I half-heartedly slapped it away. "Angie and Mike are cramming for bio in the library."

"Oh! Good idea! I'll grab Lauren and meet you there!" Jess didn't give me a chance to reply
as she bounced off in the direction of Lauren's class.

In the library, Mike looked like he was ready to die. "Angela, I can't do this," he cried.

I went unnoticed, even when I sat across from the duo. I dumped my textbook and
accompanying notes unto the table with a loud thud. "Quit blubbering Mike. You'll be fine."

"You don't understand, Isabella," he groaned, burying his face into his hands, "If I bring home
another C, mom's gonna kill me."

I stifled a laugh. "Well then, get studying."

He glumly agreed while Angela and I exchanged an amused smile.

I was reviewing the study guide (although my efforts were rather lackluster) when Jessica
and Lauren joined, giggling like maniacs. "You're all idiots," Lauren whispered, "Skipping
lunch is so not a good idea before a test!"

"We brought snacks, but you have to eat them quietly," Jessica grinned as she began to
distribute the goods.

"Thanks!" I enthusiastically ripped open the bag of licorice she must have gotten from the
vending machine.

"Aww Jess, you're my hero!" Mike shot her a grin that had her cheeks turning pink.

"You're welcome," she smiled.

I decided to do her a kindness and not tease her. Instead, I turned back to my notes, but the
words blurred. I'm not sure how long I stared at the same question before Jessica suddenly
elbowed me and hissed, "Edward Cullen is staring at you."

"Huh?" I said stupidly, blinking back into awareness. It took me a moment of looking around
before I made eye-contact with a pair of tawny brown eyes a few tables across from me.
"You should go talk to him," she whispered excitedly.

I looked at her weird, but it didn't deter her. She was practically vibrating in her chair and I
had a feeling there was no arguing with her. I sighed. "If I go, will you focus on finishing
your study guide?"

"Scouts honor!" Jess flashed me a cheeky grin.

"Uh huh," I muttered dubiously as I gathered my things. I was too tired and confused to be
bothered by Edward. If anything, he could quiz me some more and maybe I wouldn't
completely butcher Bella's grade point average. I shuffled down the opening between the
library tables and unceremoniously dumped my things across from him. "Hey Edward," I
said, hand shooting up to conceal a yawn. "Wanna help me study?"

"Sure." His smile was a little too wide―more menacing than attractive.

I slumped into a chair and thrust my pile of loose sheets, notebooks, and textbook into my
backpack, figuring he wouldn't allow me to use my notes anyway. "Ready when you are," I
said, plucking up a stick of licorice.

Maybe he was being considerate of my obvious exhaustion, or perhaps he was in a nicer
mood, but Edward didn't fire questions at me like he had yesterday. He was a little more
patient when it took me longer to answer him, and seemed satisfied that I'd studied the
questions I'd gotten wrong in the first round.

"You're prepared," Edward decided sooner than I expected.

"Really? That's it?" Then again, this is the kid who's repeated high school a dozen times. Who
knows better than him?

"That's it," he repeated, lips curling into a crooked grin.

I cast my gaze down when I realized I was getting caught in his predatory charms again.
"Thanks," I muttered and distracted myself with chewing on my candy. When I caught him
staring at the licorice in my hand, my lips twitched in amusement. "Would you like some?"

"No, thank you," he seemed just as amused. "Wouldn't want to deprive you of your...lunch."

I rolled my eyes. "It's just one missed meal. I think I'll live."

Edward parted his lips and then abruptly closed his mouth, grin dropping.

And that was the crux, wasn't it? He couldn't be himself around me. This wasn't the first time
he'd stopped himself from speaking his mind. It's what kept our conversations from
progressing beyond small talk. I hadn't noticed at first―we were strangers; what else was
there to talk about? But then his non-answers and abrupt silences stopped implying the end of
a conversation, and instead became an awkward rift that he couldn't bridge without
endangering his secret.

"Are you available this Saturday?"
His abrupt question had me reeling. I was suddenly more awake than I had been all morning.
Edward was leaning across the table, his gold-toned eyes freezing me in place and scattering
my thoughts. "What? Why?" I was eventually able to stammer, my face twisting with
confusion.

"I was wondering if you would like to...hang out." The words sounded silly on his tongue; he
normally spoke like an old man. And then his words registered.

My heart thudded loudly. I'm not Bella. This is wrong. This is all wrong. I couldn't fathom
what Edward wanted with me―because I had read Midnight Sun. And although it had been a
long time ago, I vividly remember the intensity of his attraction to Bella. Edward had
admired her―her bravery, maturity, and kindness. I wasn't any of that. It hadn't been an
instant thing like imprinting, but even from the beginning the pull to Bella had been
undeniable. A supernatural type of love that I had no business being involved in.

And then another thought occurred: Has he given up? Given into the monster? I'm not Bella.
He may have no reservations about killing me.

"Isabella?" Edward intoned, pulling me from my thoughts.

I cast my gaze down. "I'm sorry Edward, I don't think that would be a smart idea," I finally
said. I felt slightly ashamed. It wasn't fair of me to make those assumptions, but I couldn't be
too careful.

Edward smiled reassuringly, but the strain around his eyes spoke of somber. "I can't deny that
you're right," he chuckled darkly.

The ring of the bell kept me from having to respond. "That's our cue," I laughed nervously. I
stood, but before I could grip the strap of my backpack, Edward had already swung it across
his shoulder, his own notebook already in hand―which, if I had to guess, was more of a
prop. His smug face challenged me to make a stink of it. I refrained from rolling my
eyes. What is this? A courtship?

"Thanks, I guess," I huffed. He matched my smaller stride as we walked in the direction of
Mr. Banner's classroom. Outside, there was a light drizzle. I pushed up the hood of my coat,
but that didn't stop my fellow students from gawking at me. It's always something with these
kids.

"What are you thinking?" Edward peered curiously down at me, lips twitching up to match
my smile.

"It's just...these kids are so easily impressed," I snickered, gesturing towards their shocked
faces, "New girl, car crash, running down my purse thief, and now this." Although I guess I'd
stare too if I saw a girl walking around with the town's resident vampire.

His expression became thoughtful. "You don't sound like a high school student," he admitted.

I laughed. Oh the irony. "Well, for all you know, this isn't the first time I'm repeating this
dreary experience."
Anyone else would've laughed my comment off. But for someone like Edward, who could
relate all too well, it was a red flag. I'm getting too comfortable. Yikes, what happened to
laying low?

To my surprise, Edward continued the so-called joke. "And what was your first time like?"

I pursed my lips. I wasn't generally a good liar. Finally, I said truthfully, "It was a different
time. But teenagers are the same regardless." Fuck, I could've made that sound less dramatic.
It was like 2010.

"I don't doubt it," he chuckled. When I met his gaze again, I suddenly regretted everything I'd
said. He was fascinated.

Edward held the door open when we entered the building, and soon we were in class. Mr.
Banner didn't allow any dallying. Within a few minutes, our study guides had been collected
and we were sitting at our stools, tables cleared except for a pencil or two. "As soon as you
receive your test, you can begin."

The rush of anxiety I got whenever an exam was set in front of me was familiar. But what
was more familiar, were the questions on the first page. You're kidding me. For a whole
minute, the tip of my pencil hovered frozen over the first question. I knew the answer. It was
how I knew the answer that made me want to smack Edward upside the head. Even if I hurt
myself, it'd probably be worth it. That idiot! I didn't ask him to quiz me just so he could pluck
the damn test questions from Banner's head!

The nudge against my leg broke me out of my stupor, but I didn't bother glancing in Edward's
direction. I filled out each question with painstaking precision, my face frozen in a deep
scowl. Despite my steady progression, I was one of the first done. I set my pencil down and
placed my hands in my lap to hide my clenched fists.

The bell couldn't have rung soon enough. Backpack strap clenched in one hand, I dropped my
test off and hurried off. I had only just put in my locker combination when Edward appeared
beside me. "You're upset."

"No shit, Sherlock," I scowled up at him and dug out my biology textbook from my bag. "I
didn't ask you to help me study just so you could give me the damn test questions," I hissed
while I jammed the textbook into my locker, knowing it would gather dust until the next
exam.

Edward released a frustrated sigh, a hand disrupting his already chaotic hair. "I'm sorry. I
couldn't be certain which questions he would choose―I'm just adept at guessing. This isn't
my first semester with him."

I rolled my eyes. "And you couldn't have warned me?" I demanded quietly, aware that eyes
were on us. "If I'm going to cheat, I would at least like to be made aware of the fact!"

Edward's face twisted into a scowl that matched mine. "You didn't cheat. You're brilliant. You
hardly required my assistance."
"Yes I did," I argued, slamming my locker door shut with a resounding bang, as though to
emphasize my point. "Studying the test questions counts as cheating."

The warning bell brought our dispute to a standstill. "We'll discuss this later," I hissed and
stalked in the direction of the gym.

I was fuming. Like Edward, I was a bit of a control freak, and I certainly didn't appreciate
being on the receiving end of it. To my chagrin, the gossipping in the girls' locker room
quieted as soon as I entered. I scowled at them and made my way over to my locker. One of
the braver girls, Whitney, sidled up to me. "Is it true you're dating Edward Cullen?" she
whispered excitedly, although it was quiet enough that everyone heard her regardless.

I looked at her weird before bending down to unzip my boots. "That's a bit of a jump."

"But he likes you, right?" she insisted.

I shrugged off my coat. "If he does, he hasn't said so."

A girl in our aisle―Jennifer―groaned loudly, clearly eavesdropping, and called out, "Don't
be oblivious, Swan!"

I glared at her. "I'm not oblivious―he's standoffish."

It was uncomfortable having everyone's keen attention while stripping myself of my
clothes―or, to be more accurate, Jessica's clothes. She'd let me borrow a knit sweater and a
pair of jeans this morning. Another girl―June―piped up, "We already know he's a reclusive
freak. I guess if you didn't know that, you wouldn't realize that he never talks to other girls."

"And because he talks to me, everyone assumes that he likes me," I concluded. Everyone
nodded eagerly while I quickly pulled on my gym uniform.

Jennifer butted in again, "What were you guys arguing about right now?"

Of course they already know about that. "Just a difference of opinion," I said dismissively,
balancing on one foot, jamming my other foot into my tennis shoe.

"You're really not going to tell us?" Whitney pouted, folding her arms across her chest.

I didn't know whether to laugh or roll my eyes. "Sorry, girls. But the last time Jessica told
someone what I did, everyone spread the most ridiculous rumors," I said dryly.

Around me, the girls exchanged guilty gazes. I'm sure some of them had even made up a few
of those silly stories. "But you'll let us know if you are dating?" Whitney insisted with a
hopeful gaze.

I settled on rolling my eyes. "Yes, Whitney, if I date Cullen, you will be the first person to
know."

The sarcasm was heavy on my tongue, but Whitney was either oblivious or chose to ignore it.
"I can't wait!" she giggled.
The sudden pounding on the door caught everyone off guard. "What's the hold up ladies?"
Coach Clapp shouted.

That was enough to get everyone moving. I crouched down to tie my shoes and listened as
the girls shuffled towards the doorway, giggling and chattering excitedly, speculating about
my potential relationship with Edward Cullen. Once the last group walked by, I stood, flung
my locker door shut with more force than necessary, and followed after them. As soon as I
was back in the gymnasium, I was accosted by Mike.

"Isabella, are you okay?" he demanded.

"Um, yeah. Why wouldn't I be?" I huffed, my mood still sour.

"I saw you and Cullen arguing," he admitted sheepishly. "I can deck him for you if you
want."

I snorted. "Worry about yourself, Mike."

I didn't have time to feel guilty over his dejected expression. Coach Clapp was ushering us
outside to the track around the football field. It had stopped drizzling, but the frosty air bit at
my bare legs and arms. I stood towards the back, pulling my hair back into a ponytail as
Coach Clapp explained that we would be doing the mile run today. Once he started the timer,
I waited for the more eager students to take off, before settling into a steady jog. Mike, ever
the loyal one, ran at my pace even though I knew he could've easily kept up with the athletes
who'd fallen into a sprint.

We were half-way through the first run around the track when Mike suddenly asked, "Is
Cullen bugging you?

"No, Mike," I answered shortly. Bella's body wasn't the most fit and I was struggling to keep
my breathing at an even pace, the frigid air burning in my lungs.

"But you'll tell me if he is?" he insisted, not at all out of breath.

"Now's really not the best time to be giving me the third degree," I huffed, my face flushing
with exertion.

"You want me to carry you?" he offered.

I shoved him without missing a beat. Seriously, Mike? Flirting when you already have a date
with Jessica? Idiot. Mike didn't seem at all deterred by my violence and simply jogged beside
me with a cheery grin.

When we made it around the track for the fourth and final time, Coach Clapp glanced down
at his timer and clocked our time at nine minutes and thirty-six seconds. "I expect you won't
hold back next time, Newton," Coach Clapp said with a pointed look in my direction, before
turning to the next group approaching the finish line.

"I would've been fine on my own, Mike," I said, a little nicer, trying to catch my breath.
  "I figured the girls wouldn't make very good company," he admitted. His cheeks were flushed
  red but he didn't seem all that out of breath.

  "Astute observation," I muttered dryly as we headed back to the gym, briefly pausing by the
  drinking fountain.

  I spent the remainder of the period playing a game of basketball with the guys. I wasn't very
  good but they were nice enough not to say anything. Once class ended and I had changed out
  (after being accosted by June and her conspiracy theories regarding the Cullen's), I told Mike
  to head out without me. "I'm Jessica's ride today," I explained outside by the gymnasium
  doors, "But I think she has volleyball practice."

  Mike suddenly became flustered. "Is she looking forward to our date?"

  "Of course," I grinned and then glared, "You better not ruin it."

  "Thanks for the vote of confidence," he sighed.

  "Where are you taking her?" I asked.

  He suddenly shushed me. I looked over to see Jessica heading our way. "Hey, Jess," I said
  once she reached our side with an enthusiastic bounce to her step. "How long is this going to
  take?"

  Mike surprised me when he offered, "I could give you a ride if you'd like. My group is
  meeting in the library to work on our project today, so I'll be here a while."

  Jessica and I exchanged a wide-eyed gaze, and she tried in vain to conceal her excitement.
  "Yes, that'd be great Mike!"

  "Perfect! I'll catch you guys later," I hurried off, knowing Jessica would want a moment alone
  with him.

  My enthusiasm for her waned when I caught sight of Edward leaning against my truck on the
  far end of the parking lot. With an irritated huff, I picked up my pace. When I reached him, I
  shooed him away from the driver's door. "If we're going to argue," I retorted while
  clambering into my truck, "We'll do so while I'm being productive. Get in."

  With the most bewildered expression I'd ever seen on Edward's stupidly beautiful face, he
  climbed into the passenger seat as the engine roared to life.



Chapter End Notes



    Haha this was fun to write! Edward's an idiot x) Please let me know your thoughts! :D
    Chapter 7: Confessions of a Teenage Immortal and a Teenage
                             Imposter
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Despite the cold, I didn't bother with the heater and demanded Edward crank down his
   window at least a little bit before I took off. My coat and gloves would have to keep the chill
   at bay, because I wasn't willing to test Edward's control around me. The inside of the cab
   remained awkwardly silent up until Edward noticed me getting on the highway. "Where are
   we going?"

   I shrugged. "Into town? Where's the nearest electronics store?"

   I glanced long enough to note Edward's incredulous look. "I believe there's a Radio Shack in
   Sequim," he laughed.

   "Sequim? That's like what? Twenty minutes past Port Angeles?" I nodded to myself. When
   I'd gone with Jessica, it had been a straight shot on the 101. I merged into one of the center
   lanes, knowing I wouldn't be getting off for a while.

   "Yes, and an hour and a half from here," Edward reminded me, casting a dubious gaze along
   the dashboard. "The question is whether your truck can manage it."

   "The tank is full," I shrugged flippantly, "I'll fill it again before we return."

   Edward sighed. "Isabella, this is absurd. Let's turn back. I'd be much more comfortable if we
   took my car."

   I gripped the steering wheel so tightly I was sure my knuckles turned white beneath my
   gloves. "This isn't about your comfort, Edward," I griped. "What on earth made you think I
   wanted to cheat just to pass a damn biology test? Ayúdame a entender―" I cut myself off
   before I continued my rant in Spanish. Damn I'm starting to sound like mi amá. But I could
   barely contain my temper. It wasn't the cheating that bothered me, but that he'd duped me into
   studying the test questions specifically. It was annoying. I didn't enjoy being on the receiving
   end of his manipulations, even if he'd had good intentions.

   My switch in language seemed to confuse Edward for only a split second, before his face
   became downcast. "You were stressed," he murmured.

   I heaved a frustrated sigh, because I hadn't been stressed about the stupid exam. I had
   pretended to be, as a distraction. It was better than continuously wondering about the why's
   and how's of my situation. But Bella's homework load was nothing compared to my college
   coursework, and that biology test had been my first real challenge. And sinking into that
   familiar stress in the company of my classmates had been so achingly familiar.

   "That's not an excuse," I muttered, unable to offer my real thoughts.
Edward gazed out the window so that I couldn't catch his expression, but his tone was
surprisingly honest, "None of it was my intention. I apologize, Isabella."

I mulled over his words.

Edward couldn't control his mind reading abilities. It was true that if Mr. Banner had been
deliberating on the exam questions, Edward would have had no choice but to listen. Perhaps
cheating hadn't been his intention for me, but I still didn't appreciate it.

"I forgive you," I eventually allowed. "I won't be asking for your help in the future though so
the point is moot."

It was petty of me, but if I had to struggle through Biology II to get a decent grade, I would. I
didn't want to have anything to do with Edward Cullen's perfect memory recall and mind
reading abilities.

From my peripherals, I saw him turn back to me. "Isabella, don't be unreasonable. I'll keep
my predictions to myself, I promise. But please, allow me to help you."

I scowled. "What's your deal, Cullen? Why are you so nice to me?" Edward wasn't making
this easy and so now, it was time to start asking questions.

He grimaced. "You really don't know?"

"Would you care to enlighten me?" I huffed, nearly rolling my eyes. "This better not be a love
confession."

His pause was long enough to make me uncomfortable. "And if it is?"

Keeping my laughter contained was difficult. "Edward," I said gently, unable to keep myself
from smiling, "I practically share one brain cell with Jessica, and you can hardly stand her.
So forgive me if a love confession is that last thing I'd expect from you."

He shook his head. "You give yourself too little credit."

I frowned. "I'm not here to fish for compliments," I snapped. "But I admit, it's hard to
imagine you feel that way about me." I tried not to sound too miserable out of respect for his
feelings, no matter how unbelievable I found them to be.

"I do," he confirmed. "What I really want to know, is what you think about me."

The vulnerability in his voice made me uncomfortable. I shifted in my seat and shrugged.
"You have a nice facade, Edward. But you don't allow anyone to really get to know you." I
worded it carefully so that I wouldn't lie. My opinion of him shouldn't matter and I knew
more about him than anyone had any right to know.

"And if I allowed you to get to know me?" he suggested, hesitant. I read the underlying
message: what if he told me his secret? Despite my lingering disbelief, I did think about it.
Edward was heavily flawed, but he did have good qualities: he was intelligent, and
considerate, and when he wasn't so uptight, he could be rather funny. If I were to open up my
heart to him, I was sure falling in love with him would come easy. Which is why I wouldn't
allow myself so much as an errant thought for him. That path lead to heartbreak―whether
because he outlived me, or he left me, or I found a way back home and I left him. Ours
would not be a happy ending.

"That's the problem," I replied belatedly, "You won't allow me to. Not really." Perhaps it was
cowardly of me to hide behind his unspoken secret, but it was easy.

Edward could hardly reveal his nature without also exposing his family. For that reason alone
he could never push beyond our current stalemate. It made it easier for me to avoid this mess
that Bella had so willingly pursued.

For a long time, the only noise in the cab was the speeding wind from Edward's lowered
window. The cold was uncomfortable, but I wouldn't dare mention it. Instead, I kept an eye
on the fuel gauge. The dial had only dipped halfway to E, which was both surprising and a
relief. Now that my temper had cooled, I felt extremely silly for insisting on making such a
long drive in this rusty bucket of a truck, but I was pleased to find it could go seventy without
falling to pieces and make it to Sequim in one tank. Maybe I can make that trip out to
Tacoma after all.

"Is it functional?" I glanced long enough to see him gesturing towards the ancient stereo.

"I believe so?" I was uncertain seeing as I'd never bothered messing with the thing. But after
some fiddling, Edward was able to tune in on a few different stations.

"What do you prefer?" he asked. His friendly tone was a bit strained, but I went along with it.
If I recalled correctly, some of his preferred genres were rock and classical. An odd range, but
he was also old as dirt. And, we at least had one thing in common.

"Rock music, if you can find a station for it," I replied, loosening my tight grip on the
steering wheel and relaxing my stiff shoulders. I hadn't noticed how tense I'd become.

"That's...unexpected," he admitted.

It took me second to realize he was referring to my taste in music. "So I've been told." Not
here, but back home. Those who didn't know me hadn't expected a girl who dressed in ruffled
blouses and skirts and drove a little hybrid would listen to such loud, angry music.

"Your pick then," I said when Edward couldn't find a station that suited my tastes.

"Ah, I'm not sure you'd enjoy my other preferences," he smiled apologetically. It was a good
thing the road required my attention. A single glimpse of his smile had my heart stuttering.

I heaved a frustrated sigh. "It's fine. I don't mind classical music."

I assumed he complied when he didn't immediately reply. And then, Edward asked, "How do
you know I listen to classical music?"
My thoughts came to a grinding halt. "You, um, strike me as the old fashion type," I
eventually muttered, cheeks flushed. I knew my belated excuse was unconvincing as hell, but
to my relief, Edward didn't contest it. Instead, he twisted the dial until the combination of
piano, violin, and a number of other instruments quietly filled the cab.

I couldn't believe I'd made such a slip-up. I'd been so careful thus far. I could only be thankful
that it hadn't been anything more severe. Any hint that I was aware of his true nature and I'd
have the wrath of the whole Olympian Coven at my doorstep.

"What are you thinking?" Edward asked.

My smile was grim. "It's nothing you want to listen to."

"But I do," he insisted.

I cast an annoyed scowl in his direction. "I've spoiled you." I'd been mistaken in assuming
that a glimpse into my thoughts would make Edward lose all interest. Instead, the doofus had
supposedly fallen in love with me. A definite mistake on his part.

"You have," he chuckled. "Although I'm certain you edit."

I nodded. "My actual thoughts are more offensive than I'd have you believe."

"Should I be concerned?"

"Probably," I grinned. "I don't mean to be rude. It just comes naturally."

"Any regarding me?"

My eyes were focused on the road, but I could feel the intensity of his gaze. I suddenly
recalled all the things I'd said to Jessica on Saturday and wondered how much of that he'd
seen in her head. My cheeks turned pink. I can't say any of that to his face!

"We're not that close," I muttered. I occasionally teased Jessica because we were comfortable
that way. With Edward I'd just feel like an asshole.

"And you won't reconsider Saturday?"

I pursed my lips in thought. I had technically already agreed to be friends with him, but that
had been before his implied love confession, which in turn, had ruined my theory that I was
officially on his menu. Still, I shook my head mutely.

His expression was an odd mixture of disappointment and relief.

"You'll be taking the next exit," he pointed out a little later. I merged out of the freeway and
followed his directions, until we were parked in front of a Radio Shack that, in a few years
time, would be vacated and likely replaced with a Verizon shop.

I laughed when I saw Edward crank up the passenger window. "I think that's unnecessary," I
said. No way would anyone consider stealing this rustic dinosaur.
"You're probably correct," he chuckled and stepped out of the truck instead. As we walked
inside the store, he asked, "Were you looking to purchase a cellphone?"

"Huh? No. What good use would that be?" I scoffed. Even now, my fingers twitched in
search of the sleek smart phone I no longer owned. A cellphone in this time period would not
only be ridiculously expensive, but it would be a full-scale downgrade.

"They're very useful for long distance communication," he explained with a smile that was
more teasing than condescending.

I shrugged. "We have a landline for that." Although he was right that a cellphone would be
more convenient, I didn't think it was worth the price.

We were intercepted by a salesman and within a few minutes, he was showing off all of their
available mp3 devices on display. "I don't want an iPod," I told him firmly, after he suggested
it for the third time. "I'll take that one instead," I pointed to a similar device that had the same
small screen. "How much?"

The salesman who, according to his tag, was named Dave gave up on selling me the most
expensive model, and said, "For forty gigabytes, it would be three-hundred fifty."

I rolled my eyes. "And for less gigabytes?" Of course I'd be stuck with such an ambitious
salesperson. But the price would clean me of the last of Bella's sock money. I still needed gas
money, especially if I planned on making the trip to Tacoma.

"Two-hundred ten for twenty gigs," he finally conceded.

"I'll take that and a new pair of earbuds," I said. I happily forked over the money once he rang
up the items, although it meant I would have to now get a job. I missed listening to music and
I wasn't patient enough to wait for Spotify to be invented. (If I was even here for that long.)
"Thank you!" I eagerly took the bag with my purchases and went to hunt down Edward.

I found him in the stereo section. "Which do you think would appear best in your truck?" he
asked as soon as I stood beside him.

I laughed. "None of them, of course." His inquisitive look caused me to elaborate, "My truck
is ancient. A brand new stereo would just look silly."

"You're right," he said, turning to face me, "Throw the whole truck away."

"Maybe," I agreed, "But it was a gift from Charlie. Also, I'd need to get a job. I just spent the
last of my money." I held up the plastic bag holding my new mp3 player.

"Which model did you get?" he asked as we headed for the exit.

I shrugged. "Um, river-something?" I handed over the bag at his request.

He hummed as he looked it over. "And how do you plan on purchasing music if you spent it
on this?"
I rolled my eyes as I clambered back into my truck. "Obviously I'll download it illegally."
Admittedly, I was a little out of practice. It'd been years since I'd had to illegally download
anything.

"Would you allow me to borrow it?" he asked as I pulled out of the parking lot and began
heading for a gas station situated near the freeway.

"What are you going to do? Upload music to it?"

"If you don't mind." His beseeching smile was too attractive for words and I struggled to keep
my gaze forward.

"Sure," I allowed, all too aware of how annoyingly long it took to download and upload
music song by song. If Edward wanted to take up that challenge, he could be my guest.
"Rock music. Preferably alternative. Nothing grungy," I requested. If anything, it was better
that Edward did this on my behalf. I could prolong the moment when I realized that a good
chunk of my favorite songs had yet to exist.

I pulled in and parked by one of the gas pumps. By the time I made it around, Edward had
already swiped a shiny credit card. "Allow me."

"Well, it's a little late to be asking my permission," I grumbled. But I didn't complain because
after having licorice for lunch, I was starving. I turned and left Edward in charge of pumping
the gas while I entered the convenience store. The rows of candy, chips, and energy drinks
made my stomach churn nauseously. In the end, I settled for a blueberry muffin and
accompanied it with a cup of hot chocolate to warm me up.

By the time I'd made it outside, Edward had moved and parked the car near the entrance and
was leaning against the hood. "Hold this?" I handed him my cup and muffin before walking
around the back to unhinge the tailgate of the truck. Once it swung down, I hopped up and sat
and was soon joined by Edward.

"Is this all you're eating?" he asked worriedly when I took back my food.

"This is a very nutritious meal, Edward," I said as-a-matter-of-fact. S'not like he's that
familiar with healthy human eating patterns, I mentally scoffed.

His brow furrowed. "If you say so," he allowed.

It was hard to conceal my snort. "Besides, I still have dinner with Charlie later. What time is
it?" I asked around a bite of my muffin.

Edward glanced down towards his fancy-schmancy watch. "Half past four."

I carefully sipped my hot drink, trying not to burn my tongue. "That's good," I replied,
swinging my legs back and forth. Before Edward could ask, I elaborated, "Charlie's usually
home around seven. I'll have to make something quick, though."

"Are you customarily in charge of preparing dinner?" Edward asked, curiously peering down
at me.
I shrugged. "Usually. Either that, or we get takeout. Sometimes we go to the diner," I said. I
was no cook-extraordinaire like Bella, but college had certainly made me self-sufficient.
Fortunately, Bella was from Arizona and Charlie didn't think it odd that most of my recipes
were of the hispanic variety.

"Is that normal?"

I very pointedly did not react to his question. Normal? Edward, your immortality is
showing. "We probably indulge more than we should, but I don't enjoy cooking," I explained,
pretending his question hadn't been weird as fuck. "And Charlie doesn't even know how to
work the oven. So it's best I take charge whenever cooking is involved."

"Was it similar with your mom back in Arizona?" he wondered.

I paused, lowering my drink. He's asking about Renée. Not about my mom. It was a painful
reminder, but I couldn't forget that I was here under false pretenses. "I'd rather not talk about
Arizona," I said shortly. Arizona for Bella and Arizona for me were two very different things.
I had no interest keeping up a charade if I didn't have to.

Edward didn't voice his concern. "What would you like to talk about, then?"

That's a good question. Edward's family and past were out of the question, as was mine. We
both had too many secrets to be honest with each other. So I picked neutral ground. "You play
an instrument?" I felt silly for asking something I already knew, and even a bit insincere, but
if today's slip-up had taught me anything, it was that I needed to ask Edward questions of my
own. Clearly, it had done nothing to deter his advances and now I needed to be prepared
otherwise my knowledge of him could get me in trouble.

"I enjoy the piano, yes," he said.

I smiled. "I like the piano. I don't know how to officially play it myself, but I do know one
song."

"I'd love to hear it some time," he smiled. "Perhaps I might even recognize it."

"Maybe," I laughed. I didn't voice the fact that it might not exist at this time. When I looked
up, his guilty expression seemed out of place. "What's with the face?"

"Well, my mother, Esme, enjoys when I play," he admitted, "But it's been a very long time
since I've done so."

"Then I guess on top of downloading some music for me, that'll be your homework for
tonight," I teased.

"That's fair," Edward consented. "And what about you?"

"Hm, well first I have to whip up something for dinner. And then I have to do Varner's
homework," I suddenly remembered with a grimace. Not that it was difficult, but it was time-
consuming.
  He chuckled. "I thought you liked math."

  "I'd probably like it more if Mr. Varner wasn't so crabby all the time," I complained as I slid
  off the tailgate and onto my feet. Edward did me the favor of flipping the tailgate shut while I
  tossed my wrapper and cup into the bin.

  "Mind if I drive us back?" Edward requested, holding up my keys.

  "I'm more surprised you asked permission. Anyone ever tell you you're a bit domineering?" I
  asked dryly. "Go for it. I hate driving anyway."

  "Not in those words, no," Edward confessed while we climbed into the truck. "But I've heard
  similar sentiments."

  "Were you the first of the bunch?" I asked as I clicked my seatbelt into place.

  The engine roared thunderously. "The first adopted by Esme and Carlisle? Yes."

  "See? That explains it."

  As he merged into traffic, Edward shot me a look, a single eyebrow raised. "How? You're an
  only child."

  "That you know of," I said as flippantly as I could. My heart convulsed.

  Thankfully, he dropped it. I dug my gloved hands into my coat pockets, the warmth of the hot
  chocolate leaving as the frosty wind whirled inside the cab.



Chapter End Notes



    Hope y'all liked the chapter! For anyone who's been missing Charlie, he'll finally be
    making an appearance in the next chapter! I know some of you wanted me to include
    him more, and I shall :) And of course, more of Edward putting his foot in his mouth,
    because why not? xD

    Haha, let me know your thoughts! And as always, I'll try to update soon :)
     Chapter 8: Tremble Before the Might of My 5'1" Bodyguard
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   When I opened my eyes next, the gray skies had dimmed. I sat up abruptly. "How long was I
   out?" I mumbled, rubbing the sleep from my eyes.

   "Just under an hour," Edward's melodious murmur was soothing. I slouched back into my
   seat.

   "Ah. Sorry," I said sheepishly, "I didn't sleep well last night."

   In the low lighting, I could just barely make out his frown. "Why not?"

   The demanding tone in his voice wasn't so obvious, but it still had me bristling. "Oh, you
   know, studying for bio. Though I clearly shouldn't have bothered," I answered snidely.

   To my shock, he chuckled. "You're right, you shouldn't have."

   I wasn't sure whether to be offended or to laugh along with him. I wasn't good with grudges,
   but maybe I'd make an exception for Edward. "Laugh it up, Cullen. But don't think I won't
   even the score."

   "Oh? There's a tally?"

   "Yeah, sure," I scowled, "You get one point for duping me into acing my exam." Wait...why
   did that sound like a compliment?

   "Thank you," Edward grinned.

   "Don't sound so proud you...you stupid Hufflepuff!"

   "...What's a Hufflepuff? Am I supposed to be insulted?" Edward's genuine concern was
   amusing. If I didn't know he was a vampire, his lack of acknowledgement towards the road
   would have been more concerning.

   "Depends...you a fan of badgers?"

   He wrinkled his nose in disgust. "No, not particularly."

   "Then yeah, probably," I laughed, astonished he didn't understand the reference. It was 2005.
   I was pretty sure at least some of the movies had already been filmed. Glancing out the
   window, I noticed Edward turning into my street and stammered, "What? How'd we get here
   so fast?"

   Edward's face creased into a frustrated scowl, gaze sweeping across the dash. "It certainly
   wasn't without difficulty."
If I could've rolled back my eyes any further into my head, I would've caught a glimpse of
my frontal lobe. "Quit being such a spoiled baby, Edward," I sniffed, shoving my door open
as soon as he pulled into the driveway. Cutting off the thunderous engine, he was quick to
join me on my trek up to the porch.

"Is your sister coming to pick you up?" I asked as I lead him into the front hall. I wasn't sure
where my sudden ease around him came from, but I didn't try too hard to think about it. With
my involuntary nap, I had no doubt I'd be staying up late once more. I'd have plenty of time
to have a melt down later tonight. After I finished my homework.

"Yes, she should be on her way soon," he confirmed, making himself comfortable at the
kitchen table while I raided the fridge.

"Oh, good," I nodded, glancing towards the clock, "Charlie should be here within the next
hour." Ducking back towards the fridge, I began to juggle a few ingredients. Without
prompting, Edwards was at my side, helping me carry everything over to the kitchen counter.

"What are you making?" he asked as I washed my hands.

"Steak quesadillas with avocado," I said, drying my hands into a towel. "If you're gonna stay
here any longer, make yourself useful and start chopping up those avocados, will you?"

Edward's bright smile had my heart stuttering for a second. "Sure," he said simply.

With Edward standing so close to me, handling the knife as I cut up the steak had never felt
more nerve-wracking. One, accidentally cutting myself would be a colossal disaster. Two, I
was acutely aware of his arm occasionally brushing up against mine, which had me so
flustered, my brain kept short-circuiting. Curse his stupid vampire beauty, I mentally
despaired. It was fortunate that Edward was happy to keep our comfortable silence―I wasn't
prone to stuttering, but I had a feeling my brain-to-mouth precision would have faltered
otherwise.

"Alice is here," he announced abruptly, and I was surprised to find that the disappointment in
his voice resonated with my own feelings. Not good.

I nodded. "Thanks for the help," I said, wiping my hands before walking him to the door. At
the doorway, he paused and turned, standing so close I had to crane my neck to meet his eyes.

"I'll see you tomorrow?" The hope in his voice was endearing, but also rather unnecessary.

"Obviously," I rolled my eyes, trying to hide the fact that his interest in me was causing me to
lose my composure the longer it went on.

Tucking an errant strand of hair behind my ear, he grinned, "Goodnight, Isabella."

I blinked, surprised. But before I could object to his intimate gesture, he was already
sauntering down the driveway. "Goodnight," I huffed quietly, knowing very well he could
hear me, before shutting the door.
A few minutes later, the small cuts of steak were sizzling on the pan, when Charlie arrived, a
whole half hour early. So that's why Edward left when he did, I realized.

"Smells good, Bells," he called from the entry hall.

"Hey chief, how was work?"

We chatted amiably about our day while I finished making dinner. Once we were both seated
at the kitchen table, he asked, "Any plans for this weekend?"

"I'm in need of new reading material. I was planning on making a trip to Tacoma on
Saturday," I said.

"And Sunday?"

"Uh no, no plans. Why?" I asked, wondering why he was being insistent.

For a second, Charlie stared at me as though I'd lost my mind, before he huffed out a laugh.
"Of course you don't know. It's Superbowl Sunday!"

I blinked. "Oh. Oh! Sorry chief, not really my area of expertise," I laughed.

Charlie rolled his eyes. "Yeah, I figured. Anyway, the Clearwater's are hosting the party this
year, so don't go accepting any invitations. I'll need your help lugging the flatscreen."

"Yeah, sure," I shrugged. "On one condition."

He narrowed his eyes. "And what's that, missy?"

I stood and flounced over to the couch where I'd dropped off my backpack. I dug through it
for a second before heading back to the kitchen. "Sign this permission slip?" I grinned.

"Oh, it's that museum trip, right?" he asked, accepting and glancing over the slip before
setting it aside.

I sat back down and nodded. "Of course you already know."

"Sorry sweetheart, that's the thing about small towns," he chuckled.

"Yeah, yeah," I muttered, getting back to my dinner.

It was later, when Charlie was helping me clean up, that the phone rang. "That's probably
your mother calling," he predicted.

"Oh, yeah, I never did call her back," I laughed, nervous, and with Charlie's prompting, I left
the rest of the cleanup to him. Reluctantly, I picked up the phone off the mount on the kitchen
wall. "Hello?"

"Bella! Finally! Why haven't you called me back?" Renée demanded. I carefully kept my
back to Charlie, concealing the grimace on my face. Renée was the only person who not only
called me "Bella," but knew Bella well enough to call me out as an imposter. It's why I kept
my calls with her to a minimum, and had excused the lack of replies to her numerous emails
on the fact that I'd been hacked. Which, yeah, was a lie, but I didn't even know Bella's email,
let alone her password. Eventually, I knew I'd have to make a new email, but I'd been putting
it off, figuring the school email I'd been assigned would be enough for now.

"Uh sorry, m-mom," I stammered, the word sounding unnatural on my tongue. Part of me
almost hated her for it. I could get away with not calling Charlie dad, but that wouldn't fly
with Renée. That, and it would be the most obvious sign that something was off about me.
"I've been pretty busy, actually."

"You have to tell me all about it!" she insisted. "I've really missed you, Bella. You've only
been gone for two weeks, but you already sound so different… How's school? Any boys that
have caught your eye?"

I groaned. "Don't talk to me about boys," I sighed, "I have to fend them off with a stick."
Behind me, the loud clang of a dish falling into the sink rang. I sent Charlie an odd look
before turning back to Renée's excited squeal. "I've already talked two of them down," I
continued, thinking of Mike and Tyler, "But there's one who's a little more persistent."

"Ooh! Is he cute?" she demanded.

I rolled my eyes. "He's gorgeous, I hate it."

"Tell me all about him!" she ordered.

"Hmm," I pursed my lips, twirling the cord of the phone around my finger, "Well, he's a total
know-it-all. And he's nosy―always wants to know what I'm thinking. And he's so sure he's
in love with me, even though I've only been talking to him for a week."

"Oh honey, you've got it bad," Renée giggled. "What's his name?"

I didn't bother arguing with her accusation. Once Renée got an idea into her head, there was
no way of convincing her otherwise. "Edward," I grumbled.

"This is so exciting! Your first high school romance!" Renée sighed wistfully. "Has he asked
you out on a date?"

"Well, yes. Twice. I said no, but I'm not sure he's convinced," I admitted, knowing it was my
fault. If I kept allowing him to hang around me, it'd probably be a matter of time before I said
yes, and that would be no good. No good at all.

"Oh, I see! You're playing hard-to-get!"

"I am not!" I spluttered.

Renée laughed. "Of course, Bella. I know that's not your style. But give the poor guy a
chance. It's already obvious you're smitten with him."
I had a feeling she could go on talking about this for hours, so instead I said, "I'll think about
it."

From there, I patiently answered all of Renée's questions regarding my new friends and
updating her on how all my classes were going. Despite the fact that Renée wasn't my mom, I
didn't mind talking to her. She liked to chatter almost as much as me, and although I tried to
reign in my own chatter, knowing it was out of character for Bella, I couldn't help but match
her enthusiasm at times.

"You know, Bella, I was really worried about having you move out to Forks on my behalf. But
you've really come out of your shell, sweetie. I'm so glad you're happy," Renée sighed.
Although she tried sounding cheerful on my behalf, I detected a pang of remorse.

"It's certainly been a change of pace," I said honestly with a shake of my head. "I should get
going though. I still have homework I need to do before bed." And for once, I was grateful
for Varner's daily homework assignments. It gave me an honest excuse for getting off the
phone with Renée.

"Alright honey. Don't be a stranger! I expect a call soon. You need to update me on you and
your future boyfriend," she demanded.

"I will," I said, doubting there would be such an update. "Goodnight, mom."

"Goodnight, Bella!"

Attaching the phone onto the mount with a click, I turned and nearly jumped when I realized
Charlie was still in the kitchen, wiping down a suspiciously clean counter. "Nosy isn't a good
look on you chief," I sassed him, raising an eyebrow and crossing my arms.

"Don't get smart with me, young lady," Charlie harrumphed, although there wasn't a whole
lot of bite to his tone. Setting the rag down, he ventured, "Aren't you a little too young to be
dating?"

My expression twisted in puzzlement. Too young to be dating? I'm twenty-five―oh. I
blinked. "Uh, I don't know...I'm...seventeen?" I shrugged. "I think that's old enough and
Re―mom's been pretty impatient about it. I don't know. Nothing's official, regardless."

"And will you be introducing me to any of these boys?"

I clasped a hand over my mouth, trying to conceal my laughter and not doing a very good job
of it. "Not likely," I chortled, "I've been able to rebuff them well enough."

"Well, what about the other kid? Edwin?"

I snorted. "Sure, chief. If I go on a date with Edwin, you'll be the first to know," I said, a little
more sincerely than when I'd said it to Whitney in the girls' locker room.

"See that you do," Charlie nodded sternly, before finally heading to the living room. I
followed him and shouldered my backpack.
"I'm heading up. Night!" I called, ascending the staircase. I heard him reply in turn, before
reaching Bella's room. I double checked that my window was locked before settling in for the
night.


I bundled up in extra layers the next morning, and was more than ever grateful for my
rainboots when I woke up to a downpour outside. Driving to school was hazardous, and the
moment I opened my door after parking, a wide umbrella was held over the space between
the driver door and my seat.

"Good morning, Isabella," Edward greeted me cheerfully.

"Well aren't you chipper?" I yawned, reaching back to grab my bag. Before I could slip on the
strap, Edward pulled the same stunt as yesterday, and shouldered the backpack on my behalf.

"Uh, thanks," I muttered, sliding out of the truck and slamming the door shut.

"You're not going to lock your car?" My flat expression had Edward chuckling sheepishly.
"Right, unnecessary," he repeated my word from yesterday.

"Glad you remembered," I quipped, sticking close to his side in order to avoid the sheets of
rain, briefly wondering if that had been the purpose of sharing his umbrella with me. At the
very least, everyone was too busy rushing for cover to notice how cozy we'd gotten. I was so
pissed off at him yesterday, but now it feels like forever ago.

"There was something I wanted to say," Edward broached, tilting his chin down to catch my
eyes. I nodded for him to go on and he asked, "Did you not believe me when I said I had
feelings for you?"

I cocked my head to the side, wondering where his doubt had come from. I had initially
dismissed his feelings as absurd, but only within the confines of my mind, only briefly
sharing my disbelief with him. But no matter the absurdity, I hadn't outright rejected the
reality that they existed. Perhaps I'd sounded a little scornful when I mentioned it to Renée,
but―

No way. Was he listening in on my conversation?! I narrowed my eyes. "What brought this
on?" I asked, voice steely.

The guilt that flashed across his butterscotch eyes confirmed my suspicion. "Never mind," I
sniped, "I don't want to know."

"Isabella―"

"Looks like this is my stop," I said, jabbing a thumb towards the building where my English
class was located. "Thanks for sharing your umbrella, but I think I'll be fine from here."

Reluctantly, Edward relinquished my bookbag, his handsome face twisted into a gloomy
scowl. "I'll see you later?" he asked hesitantly.
I nodded. "In biology," I clarified, swinging the backpack strap onto my shoulder before
trudging into the building. The physical distance I'd put between us did nothing to diminish
my ire.

Angela's eyes widened as soon as I took my seat next to her. "Isabella? Is everything alright?"

"No," I hissed, fuming. "Edward is unbelievable."

"Is this about yesterday?" she asked. Her voice held nothing but concern.

I shook my head. "No, we'd already cleared that up," I explained, miffed, "But he screwed up
again. And just when I was beginning to like him."

Angela frowned. "Do you want to talk about it?"

Up at the front, Mr. Mason called our attention, seeking to collect the permission slips for
next week's field trip.

"Not really," I belatedly replied to Angie as we both reached into our bags, pulling out our
slips and passing them forward. "I'm just irritated at the moment."

"It never hurts to vent," Ange offered.

I shook my head again. Venting about Edward's weird stalker tendencies was a dangerous
idea. "Now's not really the time," I shrugged, turning to face forward as Mr. Mason began
today's lecture.

Angela didn't appear convinced, but followed my lead regardless.

Of course, I couldn't expect the same of Jessica. As soon as I walked into trig, she pounced.
"Isabella!" she whispered―granted, her whisper was closer to a regular inside voice, but it
was the best you could expect from Jess.

"Hold it," I said, digging into my bag to pull out and drop my homework off at Mr. Varner's
desk. She did the same and dogged my steps until we reached our desks at the back.

"Someone saw you and Edward walking together this morning," she whispered gleefully. "Is
it official?"

"Far from it," I frowned, sliding into my seat.

"Aw, come on, Isabella! You have to tell me everything!" she pressed.

"Not here," I said, aware of all the curious ears turned in our direction. I wasn't all that eager
to relive the drama from the girls' locker room.

Suddenly a little more aware of all the curious gazes, Jessica tittered. "Okay, okay. You want
to come over after school?"

"Sure, that'd be great," I agreed, "Just protect me from the vultures."
"Definitely! I make a great bodyguard you know," Jessica winked at me.

I looked over her smaller frame and snickered, "Sure, Jess."

I shouldn't have been so quick to dismiss her claim. In between trig and Spanish alone,
Jessica managed to strike terror into the eyes of five different teenage girls. I was very
impressed. "Am I paying you by the hour?" I asked when she, on our way to lunch,
discouraged the approach of a sophomore girl with nothing but a simple sneer.

"Oh no," she shot me a smirk, "My payment will be when you spill the beans."

I frowned. "Sure, but whatever I tell you has to stay between us." And even then, I'd have to
edit, taking into consideration the mountain of secrets between Edward and I.

Jessica wasn't deterred. "Okay yeah, but I still get bragging rights just for knowing," she
grinned impishly.

I laughed. "Whatever you say, Jessica."

Lunch was as hectic as ever. With Jessica and Lauren towing around their new, unofficial
boyfriends, our lunch table had become even more crowded and rambunctious. And now that
Tyler had his sights on Lauren, the blonde was more forgiving of me, which is why, after a
quick conversation with Jessica, they banded together to keep the conversations going around
everything but Edward Cullen. We were laughing, Tyler explaining how he accidentally set
himself on fire during their chem lab, when, one by one, everyone at the table quieted down.

A glance behind me revealed Edward's imposing figure standing near my chair. "Isabella? Do
you have a moment?"

Seeing him reminded me of my earlier outrage, but just a few hours with Jessica and her
friends had simmered me down. "Sure," I allowed after a moment, rising to my feet.

"You'll be okay, Isabella?" I was surprised when I realized the question hadn't come from
Angela, but from Jessica.

I sent her a fond smile. "Of course, Jessie."

As soon as she nodded, I turned and followed Edward. He lead me out to the veranda, empty
courtesy of the biting gusts and rain blowing through despite the roof. Edward maneuvered
me so that he shielded me from the worst of the wind. "Thanks," I blinked, unsure as to why I
found his consideration so surprising.

Edward simply nodded, his brow furrowed as he stared me down from his impressive height.
A million questions burned within his molten irises. A part of me was tempted to pretend like
my temper with him was nonexistent. Just forget about the whole thing. Unfortunately, I was
more angry than scared. I hadn't wanted to even hint that I knew his secret, but Edward was
crossing a line, and I cared more about my privacy than I did his scrutiny.

"I want to clear something up," I said sternly, "So listen carefully."
  Edward nodded, his expression solemn.

  "If you want to continue this relationship, whatever that may be, then I have one rule. I don't
  want you within five miles of my house, unless you have my explicit permission. One rule,
  Edward. If you can't follow it, then don't talk to me. Don't even look at me. My privacy is
  very important to me, and if you can't respect that, then I don't want you anywhere near me.
  Do you understand?"

  Edward's face contorted into a combination of guilt and pain. "I understand," he said, barely
  above a whisper.

  I released a breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding. "Good," I nodded.

  "Isabella?" When I met his narrowed gaze, my blood ran cold. "What exactly do you know
  about me?"

  I could feel the hair on my neck and along my arms standing on end. Once I got a grip on
  myself, I managed to say, "Don't ask questions you don't want the answers to."

  He leaned closer, eyes darkened. My heart sputtered.

  And like a cliché, I was saved by the bell.

  "This conversation isn't over," Edward warned me. I hadn't realized our noses were nearly
  brushing until he backed off, finally giving me room to breathe.

  "I'm aware," I whispered, turning and heading back into the cafeteria. All the gazes that
  snapped towards us was staggering, and if it weren't for Edward's sudden grip on my arm, I
  would've probably face-planted.

  "Thanks for the save," I muttered.

  Edward nodded, distracted, and then took off. I didn't have much time to be annoyed by his
  abrupt departure, before Jess and Angie were at my side.



Chapter End Notes



    Will the drama never cease? ...Probably not :) Sorry, I enjoy it too much. As per usual,
    we have Edward being Edward, and Isabella getting offended.

    As has been the pattern, next chapter will pick up where I left off! Until then, let me
    know what you think! :D
    Chapter 9: A Serial Killer, a Beauty Queen, and a Corkscrew
                                 Mane
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I was surprised when Edward deigned to show up to biology. Albeit, a minute late, but Mr.
   Banner was too busy setting up the overhead projector to notice. I was curious, but I had a
   feeling that his brief absence had something to do with his murderous older sibling. I had no
   doubt that whatever plans Jasper had made for Bella in Midnight Sun, also applied to me in
   my current reality.

   "Isabella?" I jumped slightly and Edward turned towards me with a concerned look. "Are you
   alright? You're very pale."

   No duh. Your vampire family wants to murder me. Why the hell wouldn't I be? "I'm part
   albino," I bit out, although I couldn't recall if that particular line was from the book or the
   movie. Maybe both?

   "Really?" the amusement in Edward's voice coupled with his softer expression helped me
   unwind.

   "Yes," I said, pulling my shoulders back from their hunched position, once I realized he
   wouldn't be interrogating me at this very second. "It's one of my many charms."

   There was something sweet in Edward's smile when he said, "I don't doubt it."

   Our moment was abruptly ruined when Mr. Banner clapped his hands loudly, garnering our
   attention. I found myself disappointed when I realized we wouldn't be having one of our
   usual group activities. Instead, Mr. Banner spent the next hour lecturing while I begrudgingly
   took notes.

   "I'll walk you to class?" Edward offered. The uncertainty in his gaze was startling, but seeing
   he wasn't about to start his line of questioning, I hesitantly agreed.

   "Okay," I nodded, buttoning my coat back up while Edward took my bag.

   I was acutely aware of the stares that followed us while we walked. The silence between us
   felt awkward, so I blurted the first idiotic thing that came to mind, "Is Jasper really a serial
   killer?"

   "What?" Edward appeared alarmed for one second, before he burst out laughing. That only
   served to garner more attention.

   "Just a rumor the girls from gym wanted me to confirm," I shrugged as we stepped out. I'd
   done a pretty good job of ignoring them yesterday after they bombarded me in the locker
   room, but June had managed to corner me long enough to ask me about Jasper.
Edward unfurled his umbrella before we continued, the downpour from this morning still
relentless. "If you could do me a favor? Please tell the girls in your gym class that Jasper has
been reformed," Edward suggested, with what I could only describe as a devilish grin.

I squinted up at him. "Only if you can guarantee my safety."

"Not only can I guarantee your safety, but Alice and Emmett will do so as well," he
confirmed.

"Fine," I shrugged. If Jasper could plan my murder behind my back, then this was the least he
deserved.

"Then I'll see you tomorrow?" Edward said once we reached the entrance to the gym.

"At the earliest," I agreed, retrieving my bookbag.

Edward suddenly pulled me towards him in a brief, gentle hug, before backing away and
hurrying off. I blinked, before trudging inside, the squelch from my rainboots loud against the
hardwood of the gymnasium floors. My entrance into the locker room was not so different
from yesterday. The expectant gaze of every girl landed on me, and I looked around before I
met June's eyes.

"June, I asked Edward," I began, "And he says Jasper has been reformed."

It wasn't until that moment that I realized how far spread June's conspiracies were, because
every girl abruptly paled with horror.

"R-reformed?" one girl squeaked.

"You mean, he really…?" another girl trailed off, expression aghast.

"That is all I can say," I shrugged.

For the rest of the day, all anyone could talk about was Jasper. I felt a little bad, but not
enough to take it back. Not when I was finally not the topic of conversation.


I sunk deeper against the arm of Jessica's couch, unearthing my hand from beneath my
blanket long enough to grab a handful of popcorn. "And then I told June that Jasper had been
reformed, so now everyone believes he really was a serial killer."

Across from me, on the other end of the couch, Jessica was crying with laughter. "O-oh my
gosh," she gasped, "You and Edward are evil."

I shrugged. "I got tired of their gawking," I said around a mouthful of popcorn.

"Don't ever let me get on your bad side," Jessica continued to laugh. Once she calmed down
long enough to take back her popcorn, she ordered, "Now you have to tell me everything
that's been going on with you and Edward since yesterday."
I scowled. "It's kind of a lot...The short version is, he asked me out on a date and I rejected
him. But then we got into an argument. And then we hung out after school and resolved it. He
confessed his feelings and asked me out on a date again, but I said no. And then this morning
we got into another argument. We resolved that too, obviously."

"Whoa, whoa," Jess said slowly, sitting up and gaping at me. "Isabella, get ready to camp out,
because we are going to unpack this."

I groaned. "But I don't want to," I whined.

"No, none of that!" Jessica threw a handful of popcorn at me. "You can't tell me all that and
not expect an interrogation!"

I whimpered pathetically.

"Let's start again, from the top..."


Jasper Hale was still the talk of the school the following morning and I had yet to be brutally
murdered, so I was feeling pretty good about myself. That is, until I made a pit stop at my
locker before trig, only to be accosted by the wrong Hale. Rosalie was so stunning, it hurt to
look at her―her slim, symmetrical face; her tall, regal silhouette; her cascading waves of
flaxen locks. It was the type of beauty kings went to war over.

And she was livid.

The contorted twists of her wrathful face didn't make her any less exquisite, it just gave her
the appearance of a vengeful angel.

"How did you know?" she hissed. The song of her voice was a bewitching melody. When I
failed to reply at once, she continued, "How could you possibly know that Edward was
listening in on your phone call?"

I paused for another second, because Rosalie had just given me a brilliant idea. Oh dear
Jesus, please let this work. Tilting my head to the side, I smiled benignly. "Simple," I chirped,
eyes creasing, "I know things. It's a gift."

Rosalie's wrathful aura faltered, for just a second. "You know things," she repeated flatly.

"Sure," I agreed, "I look at you, Rosalie Hale, and I know things."

Now, Rosalie was on guard. "What do you know?" she demanded once more.

A little more confident now, I brightened my smile. "Are you sure you want me to say it out
loud? You might be embarrassed," I needled her.

"Tell me," she hissed, leaning closer.

"I know," I whispered, "that you're jealous of me."
She recoiled, as though my words had been a physical blow, before regaining her composure
in a split second. "Jealous? Of you?" she sneered, looking down on me with a sniff of disdain.

I lifted my shoulders in a delicate shrug, my smile not faltering. "Yes," I said, "You're jealous.
Of me. Because unlike you, Edward finds me desirable." Rosalie's features twisted with fury,
but I pressed on before I lost my momentum, "I did warn you that you might be embarrassed.
Would you like me to continue?"

Rosalie clenched her teeth so hard, her jaw worked. Before she could decide on the best
possible way to kill me, Edward appeared close behind me. "That's enough, Rosalie." The
tone of his voice had me on edge; an apprehensive and pained sound that made even Rosalie
falter. Without another word, she turned on her heel in one graceful twist and marched off. It
wasn't until I was sure she'd disappeared that I turned to look at Edward. By now, the hall had
emptied, but when I met Edward's shaken gaze, attending class became my last priority.

"What did you see in me?" Edward whispered, "What did you see, the first time you saw
me."

I suddenly recalled the flat pools of black that had glowered at me so hatefully. And then I
remembered, not necessarily the exact words from Midnight Sun, but the way he'd battled his
inner monster. Planning my death and the death of our classmates. Different plans, different
methods. Anything to appease the monster until he could get away. Until he could get as far
away from me as possible.

My silence was telling and Edward's face crumpled with self-loathing.

"I'm sorry," I whispered, casting my eyes down, unable to meet his agonized gaze any longer.

"You're sorry?" he laughed, a broken sound. "Preposterous."

And then, just like Rosalie, he was gone.


Edward disappeared for the rest of the day. And again, the next day. Out sick, according to
his family. It was certainly a reprieve from all the scrutiny I'd been under for the past week,
but recalling his crushed expression only caused regret to curdle in my gut.

Jessica ceased her questions, simply making the assumption that Rosalie tried to scare me off,
too excited for her own date tonight with Mike. She'd roped me, Ange, and Lauren into
following her home after school.

I lay across Jess' bed, sprawled on my belly, flipping through one of her Seventeen
magazines, ankles crossed and raised, swinging lazily. Below me, Lauren was painting her
toenails meticulously. Angela was slumped on Jessica's desk chair, having momentarily given
up on calming Jess down, simply allowing her to continue flinging clothes around like a
madwoman.

"Wow, I can't believe we used to dress like this," I muttered, gaping at some of the more
outlandish fashion tips. 2005 was something else.
"Watch it, Jessica!" Lauren snapped, catching the tunic Jessica slung in her direction before it
touched the wet nail polish.

"I have nothing to wear!" Jess cried in despair.

"You've been planning this for a week now, Jess. I thought you were going to wear your
lavender blouse," I chided, unimpressed with the heap of clothes concealing the carpeted
floor.

"I was. But it makes me look fat," she pouted.

"We were literally just shopping last weekend," I rolled my eyes and flipped another page,
"Wear something new."

Jessica pouted. "I wore most of it this week…"

Lauren snickered, "I doubt Mike even noticed. Boys are oblivious."

"Ugh, don't say that," Jessica whined, dramatically collapsing onto the floor in a tangle of
limbs.

"Why don't we go through the rest of your blouses, Jess?" Ange suggested, now that Jessica
had calmed down.

Angela, the saint, patiently helped Jessica pick an outfit. "Did he tell you where he's taking
you?" I asked, trying to distract her from her nerves.

"No," Jessica shook her head, "He said it was a surprise. Isn't that so romantic?"

"Of course, Jess," Angela smiled encouragingly.

"If you're done, hurry up and take a shower. It's already five," I said, glancing towards the
digital clock on her nightstand.

"What?! Already?" she shrieked, hightailing it towards her bathroom.

Lauren and I snickered and Angela shook her head, leaning down and picking up Jessica's
clothes. "Honestly, Angie, you're too nice," I sighed, sliding off the bed and helping her hang
Jessica's clothes back in the closet.

"How should we do her makeup?" Lauren wondered, capping the bottle of red nail polish.

"No blue eyeshadow," I automatically said. Blue eyeshadow had been one of those
regrettable trends you cringed at whenever you revisited old pictures.

"Duh," Lauren huffed, "Jessica has blue eyes. Pink is her color."

"Good. Let me blow dry her hair before you get started," I suggested, folding up one of
Jessica's scattered jeans.
"Oh, sure. Think I have time for a manicure?" Lauren stared critically at the chipping polish
on her fingernails.

"If you do only one coat," I recommended, digging around the floor until I found a hanger.

I nearly tripped when Lauren asked, "So...what's the deal with you and Cullen?"

If anything, I should've been more surprised Lauren hadn't asked earlier. Even Angela turned
to me with curious eyes. "Uh, he likes me," I shrugged, downplaying the disaster that it was
dealing with teenage vampires.

Lauren rolled her eyes so far back, only the whites of her eyes were visible. "Uh, duh. What
about you?"

"It's debatable," I replied. Unlike with Jessica, I didn't trust Lauren to keep her trap shut.

"Oh, shut up, Swan. How can you not be into him?" Lauren demanded.

"I'm not blind," I retorted. "But there's more to a relationship than just looks."

Lauren's face scrunched up. "That's what ugly people say."

"You are shallower than a puddle," I laughed.

Lauren didn't even take offense, simply flipping her hair back. "Whatever. You can't play
hard-to-get forever. He'll get bored."

She sounds like Renée. "We're not playing any games," I told her. But even I didn't know
where any of this was heading, not that I really wanted it to go anywhere. Eventually, I
settled on, "We're getting to know each other, for now. I don't want to rush into anything
that's not going to last." Or worse, rush into something that will last an eternity.

"Ugh, you're so outdated, Swan. Just hook up with him already," Lauren snapped, rubbing
furiously at her nails with a cotton ball soaked in nail polish remover.

Angela must have misinterpreted my horrified expression, because she was quick to jump in,
"Ah, Lauren, intimacy isn't always necessarily the answer." Which was nice of her to say, but
I had been thinking more along the lines of a demonic, half-vampire baby ripping its way out
of my uterus.

"Trust me, Mallory," I said, "Edward and I will not be hooking up."

"Look, I know everyone thinks you're a perfect, goody two-shoes, but you can drop the act."

I laughed, "Is that what people really think?"

"Of course not," Angela came to my defense, shooting Lauren a scolding look, "Everyone
really likes you, Isabella. You're very friendly."
  Based on the sneer twisting Lauren's lips, I had the impression that the feeling was not
  universal. "It's okay, Ange," I shrugged, bouncing back on Jessica's bed and flipping open her
  magazine. "Yours is the only opinion that matters."

  "Will I have time to finish getting ready?!" Jessica suddenly demanded, bursting back into
  her room, wrapped in her bathrobe and hair twisted into a lopsided towel turban.

  "Calm down, Jess. An hour is plenty of time," I reassured her, a little exasperated, before
  standing and plugging the blow dryer into the outlet by her desk. "Now, sit. We'll take care of
  the rest."

  By the time we were done, Jessica's appearance was striking. Somehow, I'd succeeded in
  unravelling every last curl on her head, until the feathery ends brushed her back in a smooth,
  dark waterfall. And Lauren had managed to emphasize the deep blue of Jessica's eyes with
  soft shadows and smudged eyeliner.

  "Oh my gosh, you guys are like my fairy god mothers," Jess squealed, peering closely into
  her hand-held mirror.

  I rolled my eyes. "Get dressed, Cinderella. Mike's gonna be here in five minutes."

  "So soon?!" she shrieked, stumbling to her feet. Fortunately, Angela was there to hand Jess
  her predesignated outfit.

  "Well, my work here is done," I announced, dusting my hands off. "See you girls on
  Monday."

  "Wait! Lauren, didn't you invite her?" Jessica demanded, shooting Lauren a glare.

  Lauren heaved a sigh and turned towards me reluctantly. "Tyler's having a bonfire party at his
  place tomorrow night. You're invited."

  "Ah, don't sweat it," I shrugged, "I already have plans to go book shopping. Night girls!" I
  hightailed it before Jessica could convince me otherwise, ignoring the hissed argument that
  erupted between the two of them as soon as I turned my back.

  So highschool, I mentally snickered.



Chapter End Notes



    Next chapter the book is finally going to make an appearance! (But don't worry, so will
    Edward's nosy butt lol)

    I cannot believe it's been a month since I published this story! Am I updating too fast?
    Honestly, I should probably slow down before I go crazy from writing so much. But
    thank you for everyone's support! :D
Also, just realizing a bunch of you probably live on the east coast. Hello, from the west
coast. Sorry this update is so late at night for you (or would that be early morning?) lol!
Regardless, sorry about that! Haha, let me know what you think once you get a chance
to read the chapter! :)
                     Chapter 10: There's an Angel in Aisle Three
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The drive to Tacoma was filled with pointless speculation. I had called ahead of time, to
   make sure they had a copy of the book I was searching for. Placing all my hopes on this one
   thing, which could, in reality, be nothing but a piece of fiction that resonated a little closely
   with my situation, was risky. But I was nearly three weeks into this reality, and it was the
   only thing I'd come across that may hold answers. And in the case that it was simple fiction, I
   was at least hoping it could inspire me to take a different course of action. Something more
   proactive; something I had yet to think of. I was at the end of my rope.

   I don't think I became as aware that I was in the wrong year as I did when I walked into
   Barnes & Noble. RadioShack, the landline in Charlie's kitchen, Lauren's hideous velour
   tracksuit, Jamie Lynn's face on the cover of Jessica's copy of Seventeen magazine―all
   consistent reminders. But this bookstore chain had been one of my frequent haunts, and now,
   it was all wrong―the displays, the layout, the décor, even the books themselves. My skin
   prickled with discomfort, and I forced myself to stagger forward when an employee shot me
   a strange look.

   I busied myself, walking down aisles, skimming books, and keeping anything that caught my
   fancy. I wasn't trying very hard to find the one book I sought. I was a coward.

   But when I did catch a glimpse of the cover―an abstract ouroboros set against a slate
   background, and the title By Proxy in simple, white slanted font across the bottom―it was
   not sitting on a bookshelf, but in the hands of another. A tall, broad man with the darkest skin
   imaginable and curls falling messily across his forehead. When he glanced up to meet my
   gaze, I lurched back.

   His eyes were bright, the color of mulberry wine, and utterly inhuman.

   "An interesting piece of literature," he commented with a deep voice that sounded like gravel
   scraping pavement.

   I could only stare at him, gripping a small stack of books to my chest, feet glued to the
   ground. I wouldn't say it was fear holding me in place, but there was a certain disturbance in
   my gut that cautioned me to keep my distance.

   Unexpectedly, he gently shut the book and held it out to me. When I made no move to
   retrieve it, he spoke again, "It does not hold the answers you seek. But you may find comfort
   in it nonetheless."

   My blood became ice in my veins. "You…?" I couldn't even finish the thought as I numbly
   took the book from his hand.
He looked me over critically. "You have adjusted well, but you are also impulsive. Allow me
to answer your questions."

My face crumpled. "You're the reason…?"

"No," he answered and then turned his back on me. "Come."

I followed after him in a stupefied sort of daze. When we reached a secluded table towards
the back of the store, he gestured for me to take a seat across from him. I set my books on the
table and tucked my hands between my legs, shoulders hunched.

"Why am I here?" was my first question.

Although I was prepared for the possibility of his answer, his blunt words had me reeling.
"You died."

It punctured a hole in my chest that strained wider with every breath. "I-I don't remember…"

"As intended. To minimize the shock," he replied, peering down at me with solemn eyes. "I
can change that."

I nodded mutely. It wasn't a question―I needed to know. "But why here?" I whispered, "As a
storybook character?"

His broad shoulders lifted almost helplessly. "I cannot say. Although, I find that many
discover themselves within places of comfort. A certain time period, a certain culture, or even
a certain story."

"And I don't get a say?" I wasn't angry, merely dumbfounded. My situation was beyond all
reason.

"No one does," he said factually.

Finally, I met his gaze. "And you? Who're you?"

"My name is Azmon."

I frowned. "What are you?"

"I am called many things―all irrelevant. I am simply tasked with finalizing your adjustment
period."

"Adjustment?" I repeated faintly, before demanding, "What happened to me?"

And suddenly, I couldn't breathe.

The lights above collapsed and the chair beneath me burst into an upsurge of water, until it
engulfed my nose and burned my eyes. It became darker and colder and the weight pressed
against my chest. My breath stuck in my lungs until I couldn't hold it in anymore and then I
was choking, throat and lungs on fire. I struggled, desperate to find the surface, but I couldn't
breathe and it wasn't there. I pushed and kicked and turned, the overpowering current a roar
in my ears, and I couldn't breathe. All I needed was air, but the water pressed harder against
my chest, slamming into my mouth, flooding my lungs. I was drowning and I couldn't
breathe, but I swept my arms and I kicked again and I couldn't breathe. I didn't know what
was up or what was down and I couldn't breathe, Icouldn'tbreathe, Icouldn'tbreathe.

A pair of ice-cold hands grappled my arms, shaking me and I was coughing and gasping. My
chest heaved, but my lungs were blessedly empty, expanding rapidly with sweet oxygen. My
lungs no longer burned and my throat didn't feel like sandpaper, but the gulps of air rattled
through me and my whole body trembled.

"Isabella?!"

My eyes shot open and locked with a pair of frightened, gold eyes.

"E-Edward?" I sobbed in relief.

I clung to him, forehead pressed against his chest as I continued to gasp small, sharp breaths.

"Shh, slow your breathing," Edward spoke softly into my ear, voice soothing.

I nodded, a high, keening sound escaping my lips as I wept. Sobs wracked my body and my
head strained with the force of my clenched eyes. I anchored myself to him, breathing and
crying, and breathing again. No matter how much oxygen I inhaled, the distinct feeling of
choking, screaming, and water in my lungs would not leave me. I trembled under the weight
of the memory.

By the time I calmed down, my eyes were bloodshot and puffy and my cheeks were sticky
with tears.

Edward pulled away far enough to cradle my face between his hands. The frigid temperature
was soothing against my flushed cheeks and pulsing headache and I leaned into them. From
the corner of my eye, I noticed the chair I previously sat on was now toppled on its side, a
few feet from where I sat on the floor.

"―sabella?"

I belatedly realized Edward was calling my name, but my throat was raw and head foggy. I
mustered the little strength I had left to lift my eyes again, meeting his gaze listlessly.

Time blurred. One second, I was collapsed on the floor. In the next, Edward was guiding my
shaky limbs through a maze of bookshelves. And then, I sat in the passenger seat of his car,
throbbing skull pressed against the cool leather of the headrest.

The heavy silence was rhythmically broken by my shaky breaths, until I finally turned my
head and met Edward's scorching gaze.

"Who did this to you?" he demanded, voice seething.
His question had me careening forward, eyes swivelling through the parking lot and
sweeping across the entrance of the store. "Azmon," I whispered his name desperately, voice
rough with tears, "Where is he? Did you see him?!"

Edward's face twisted hatefully. "No," he growled lowly.

"You're lying," I cried.

He reached out, tilting my head until I faced him again. His voice was gentle when he said,
"When I found you, you were alone."

This time, there was no deceit. I could only assume that if he'd found me, Alice's visions
were responsible. But how much had he seen? Did it matter?

I slumped down with a frustrated hiss. Damn it. I fucked up. I had too many questions left
unanswered, but my hands were still trembling, and I didn't even know what I wanted to ask.
All I knew was, I wanted to go home.

"Who was he?" Edward asked.

I blinked back into awareness. Once his question registered, I shrugged. "I think…" I
swallowed thickly, "I think he was trying to help me." In the most fucked up way possible. I
took another deep, shuddering breath.

"Help you," he repeated flatly.

I didn't bother replying. I didn't want to believe any of it myself―but the memories were too
real, too vivid. Did Edward remember his death as vividly?

I cupped my hands over my mouth, fighting to hold back another sob. I'm dead. How can I be
dead?

"Isabella, please," Edward quietly begged, "What's going on in your head?"

I gulped another wide breath and curled my hands on my lap. "He showed me a truth," I
whispered.

"A truth?"

I hunched my shoulders. "It's like...it's like the first time I saw you, I saw your truth," I
explained hoarsely, unable to look him in the eye, "And I knew. You wanted to kill me."

Edward became a statue at my side. Despite the weariness that weighed me down, I pressed
on, "It's...I forgive you. I know you struggled with yourself, because you didn't want to
disappoint your father. And you didn't want to disappoint yourself." It hadn't been okay―far
from it. But there was nothing to do about it, and in the end, Edward hadn't killed me. Can a
person die twice? My heart bled.

His voice cracked as he said, "I'm sorry."
"I know you are," I sighed and leaned forward to cradle my pulsing head, "Azmon showed
me a truth about myself. That's all I can say." I was slightly remorseful for calling Edward out
like that, but it was the only way I could explain it. My truth was an intimate and visceral
thing that I found myself unable to voice.

When I sat up and reached for the door handle, Edward's hand shot out and gently gripped
my arm. "Where are you going?"

I wiped at my face. "My books," I explained, sniffling, "I still need to buy them."

Edward heaved a sigh. "Wait here," he instructed, before disappearing from the driver's seat.
Perhaps, at any other time, his order would have aggravated me. But I was too mentally and
emotionally spent.

I sunk into the leather seat and took a long, deep breath, reassuring my lungs they were still
empty of all water. I pressed a hand against my chest, comforted by the strong tempo of my
heart. I died, but I'm still alive. I have to remember that.

When Edward slipped back inside the car, he handed me a large, plastic bag heavy with
books. "Thank you." It was lackluster, but it was the best I could manage.

Edward nodded, fingers drumming against the steering wheel. "I hope you don't mind," he
said slowly, "But I had Alice take your truck back to Forks."

"Huh?" I frowned, and then shrugged. "Okay."

Edward's stare was heavy and inescapable.

I couldn't find it in myself to care. My eyes rested against the dashboard, dim.

My head swam. It wasn't until the dash blurred, that I realized I was crying again.

"Please, don't cry." Edward's cool fingers brushed my face, catching my tears.

"Sorry." I blinked, dislodging the tears stuck to my lashes and rubbed at my eyes. "Are we
heading back now?"

Edward hesitated. "Let's get you something to eat first," he suggested, twisting the key into
the ignition.

I didn't respond. I didn't have the energy to argue, although I didn't have much of an appetite.
I stared out the window while he drove, thoughts numb. Sooner or later, I knew I would have
to unpack the consequences of my death, but I was already so drained. Instead, I focused on
the quiet, instrumental music drifting from the stereo, allowing it to sooth my turmoil.

"Do you want to wait here?" Edward offered soon after he parked.

"Yeah."
I was surprised when he simply nodded and disappeared. I blinked back into awareness,
noting that we'd parked across from a small café. I guess even a vampire can't mess up a
pastry order. The thought was amusing enough to tug at the corner of my lips.

While I waited, I tried to piece myself together. Reluctantly, I sat up and flipped down the sun
visor to uncover the mirror and winced. I pulled and brushed my hair back from where it'd
stuck to my drying cheeks, and used the sleeves of my sweater to wipe down my face and
nose. There wasn't anything I could do for my puffy eyes, so I flicked the visor back up in
time for Edward to return.

He handed me a blueberry muffin and a cup that smelled distinctly of hot chocolate. Just like
at the gas station. It was oddly touching.

"Thanks," I croaked. Of course, it tasted much better. But there was queasiness in my
stomach that kept me from enjoying it―I still couldn't quite get the cold burn of sea salt to
disappear from the back of my throat.

Edward stared at me with a contemplative expression. "Why did you drive here by yourself?"

The judgement in his eyes made me feel a little self-conscious, because his concern wasn't
completely unwarranted. "I just wanted to buy some books," I answered reluctantly, quietly.
"And I wanted time for myself."

He frowned. "So that man you met with…"

I shook my head. "That wasn't planned." I closed my eyes and sipped, almost crying when the
comforting warmth hit my throat.

"I see…" he trailed off. "How does… Your ability, how does it work?"

And now, back to our regularly scheduled lies. I chewed slowly, mulling over my answer.
Once I swallowed, I said, "What I know is limited. And it has an expiration date."

"That...what?" Edward appeared dumbfounded. I didn't blame him―he was operating under
that assumption that my "ability" worked in the same fashion as his mind-reading or Alice's
visions. Bella had a mind-shield, while I had read a series of books as a teenager. They
weren't comparable, even if it did give me twice the advantage.

When I didn't elaborate, Edward continued, "It's just...what you said to Rosalie. When I heard
you, I was surprised. But then, Rosalie, she...you were right."

I ignored the faltering in his voice, assuming he was skirting around the mind-reading.
Because if anyone could confirm what I'd said to Rosalie, it was him. Unlike me, she couldn't
hide her thoughts from him. "Why is that confusing?"

"Because," he sighed a frustrated sound, "You knew my thoughts that first day. But you didn't
read Rosalie's thoughts. Jealousy was the last thing on her mind at the time."

If I hadn't felt so beaten down, I might've laughed. "I'm not a mind-reader," I placated him. "I
just know things. Some random, some useless, and some that others would rather keep
secret―like Rosalie's jealousy." I was quick to tack that on at end, lest he assume I was
referring to more sinister secrets.

He hummed in thought and flickered his gaze towards the stereo. "It's how you knew my
preference for classical music." It wasn't a question. After a pause, he asked, "When's the
expiration date?"

I searched my memories, until I came across an approximate date. "Hm, January 2007, I
think." The expression that crossed his face had me shifting awkwardly. "What?"

"Can you...can you see the future?"

I blinked, wondering how'd he reached a conclusion that was so wrong, but also exactly on
point. "You like to ask a lot of questions," I sighed. If I didn't know so much about him, I'd
probably be more irritated. I didn't want anyone to know I was a fraud, but it wasn't a good
idea to let him reach the wrong conclusions either. "I know a future. Singular."

"How does it work?" he pressed.

I frowned. "It means, a lot of shitty stuff is supposed to happen to me and I do my best to
avoid it."

He recoiled. Before he could start firing another million questions, I held up a hand. "It's fine,
Edward. No more questions."

He ran a hand through his hair with an agitated look and groused, "Now you decide to stop?"

"S'not like you ever answer any questions," I bit out.

He shot me an incredulous look. "You never ask any."

I blinked. Oh. It was Bella who asked the questions. Wow I really suck at this. "But if I did,
would you?"

"Well. No." His smile was cheeky and I couldn't help but smile―a small and frail thing.

"Right," I mumbled and bit into my muffin. We fell into a comfortable silence while I ate,
and I couldn't help but feel reluctantly grateful for Alice. If not for her, I'm not sure I could've
pulled myself together as quickly as I had with Edward there to pick up the pieces. And my
truck was already a bit of a hazard on the road―driving in the state I'd been would've been a
tragedy waiting to happen.

As soon as I drank the last of my hot chocolate, Edward had taken the wrapper and cup from
my hands, rolled the window down, and chucked the trash into a bin a few feet away. "Ready
to go?" he flashed me a crooked grin.

I smiled fondly. "Yeah. Thank you―for coming, I mean."

For a moment, Edward stared at me uncomfortably, not paying any mind to the road as he
pulled out of the parking lot. "You really don't ask any questions," he realized, and then
  added quietly, "Because you don't need to."

  I hummed in agreement. I wondered to myself how much he thought I knew. I wasn't ready to
  have that conversation; I was even less ready to accept my place in this story. If Azmon was
  to be believed, this was my new reality. It didn't mean I had to make the same mistakes as
  Bella, but the longer I spent around Edward, the harder it was not to care about him. But the
  bottom line was, I didn't want to be a vampire.

  I fiddled with the plastic bag on my lap, mind drifting towards the book I'd driven out here
  for. Zaire White―the name of the author. It was comforting to know I wasn't the only one.

  "What are you thinking so hard about?" Edward prodded, eyes fixed on me as though the
  road were the least of his worries.

  "Just nerding out over my new books." My attempted smile was weak. I peeked inside and
  was glad to find all the ones I'd picked out. "Where's the receipt?"

  "You're not paying me back," Edward shook his head and turned to face forward, as though
  dismissing any potential arguments.

  I shrugged―it wasn't like I could afford to be annoyed. "Well then...thanks."

  His shoulders relaxed. "You're welcome. How's your head?"

  "Better," I said, briefly prodding at my temple to reassure myself of the fact. "It hurt from
  crying too hard, but it's okay now."

  "And what about you? Will you be okay?" The distress was so evident on his face, I could no
  longer look at him.

  "No," I said plainly, hands fisting in my lap. I died. Mamá, papá―I'm sorry.

  The cool palm pressed against my cheek startled me back into awareness. "Talk to me,"
  Edward insisted.

  For a moment, I was tempted. How did Edward handle his death? I clenched a hand against
  my chest as my breaths turned ragged. "I can't," I gasped.

  Edward's acceptance was quiet, but solemn. Gently, he tangled his icy fingers with my own.
  He didn't say another word, simply holding my hand for the remainder of our drive. For now,
  it was enough.



Chapter End Notes



    Sorry for the sad chapter :( I'll try not to drag out the angsty-ness, but she's definitely
    going to struggle with this new revelation. (It's the reason there's an angst tag on this
story; nothing to do with Edward's brooding lol)

I did not realize my audience was so diverse, so a shout out to my foreign readers! :D
Also, the reason I asked if I was updating too fast is because I've had readers
unsubscribing from my story, and it made me sad :(

Fun fact: The title of this story is from a line in the song Vice Verses by Switchfoot. If
you read the lyrics, you can see where most of my inspiration for this story came from.

Anyway, let me know your thoughts on the chapter and I'll try to update soon! :)
                    Chapter 11: Boys Are Useful for Some Things
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   "Bells, what are you still doing in bed?!"

   "Huh? What?!" I sat up with a gasp, skewed hair blocking my view.

   "It's already two! We need to get going!" Charlie shouted from the hall.

   I pushed my hair back and rubbed away the tears crusted around my eyes, belatedly realizing
   it was Super Bowl Sunday. "What time does the game start?" I asked, voice rough with sleep
   as I stumbled out of bed and trudged to the bathroom.

   "Half past three," he called from downstairs.

   It was only a twenty minute drive to the reservation―I wasn't sure why he was in such a
   rush. But I wasn't into sports, so I didn't question his urgency. "Give me five minutes," I
   shouted, yanking a brush through my tangled bedhead. I cringed when I saw the bruises
   beneath my eyes. I'd stayed up late reading the book, had trouble falling asleep after the fact,
   and then dreamt of drowning. The memory of choking and lungs burning was vividly
   branded into my head. Remembering or not remembering―I wasn't sure which was worse.

   My thoughts drifted towards the book while I got ready―Azmon had been right. It hadn't
   revealed any new information, but I held the story close to my heart. It was a bittersweet tale
   of a girl, in similar circumstances as my own (sans the vampires), dealing with the aftermath:
   recovering from her death, trying to match the preconceived notions of those who already
   knew the body she inhabited, grieving the loss of her life and loved ones, and struggling with
   body dysphoria. It had touched upon all my worries, fears, and doubts. I could only feel lucky
   that I was already so familiar with Bella's story―although perhaps it was that familiarity that
   had gotten me in this mess in the first place.

   By the time I came downstairs, Charlie had already succeeded in unplugging the jumble of
   cables from the flat screen. "Bells, you alright?" Charlie frowned, giving me a once over.

   "Yep. Just stayed up late," I waved off his concern, and then cast a critical look over the TV
   while I pulled my hair up into a ponytail. Unfortunately, flat screens in 2005 weren't actually
   all that flat. "This'll fit in the backseat?" I checked.

   "Should," Charlie shrugged. Not very convincing, but I didn't argue and instead helped him
   heave the TV around the couch, across the hall, down the porch steps, and into the backseat
   of his cruiser.

   "Great! Thanks, Bells! Let's get going!"
The drive to La Push was, oddly enough, filled with Charlie's avid chatter. His normally quiet
disposition was suddenly trumped by his love for sports. It was kind of cute, so I did him the
favor of nodding, humming, and agreeing in whichever I assumed were the right places.

When we arrived, I wasn't forced to lug out the flat screen. But neither was Charlie, because
two hulking men with biceps bigger than my head made easy work of carrying it into the
house. "It's about time, Charlie!"

"Would've been here sooner if you didn't ask me to pick up more beer," Charlie rolled his
eyes, before turning to me, "You remember, Harry, Bells?"

If Bella remembered no one from La Push, then I certainly don't. "Hi, Harry!" I waved,
hoping my smile didn't look as frail as it felt.

"Look at you! You've gotten so big!" he chortled. "Go on ahead, Bells. I think Sue and Leah
are in the kitchen."

"Sure thing," I said, hopping up onto the porch and heading inside. Curiously, I peeked into
the living room and watched the two werewolves setting up the TV. Doubting Sam would be
anywhere near Leah, I assumed I was looking at Jared and Paul.

"See something you like?" one of them caught my eye and winked.

I couldn't help but snort. "Sure," I said dryly, before turning and heading down the hall and
into the kitchen. Sure, I was curious, but I wasn't stupid. Brandishing my shitty sense of
humor on Paul was certainly a recipe for disaster.

"―ridiculous. Why did you even invite them in, mom?"

Inside, Leah was sprawled on one of the kitchen chairs, arms crossed and waist-length hair in
a disarray. Sue stood by the kitchen island, pouring nacho cheese into a crockpot. "They're
here to see your father, Leah. Not you. And I didn't see you helping me with any of this, this
morning. I can offer them as much food as I like."

"Uh, bad time?" I smiled awkwardly.

"Oh!" Sue gasped, turning to me with an embarrassed smile. "You must be Isabella! You're
all Charlie talks about. Please, take a seat."

"Thanks," I said, slumping into a chair beside Leah. "Uh, do you need help with anything?"

"Oh no, don't worry yourself. I'm just about done here," Sue waved me off.

Leah scoffed. "You were done hours ago. And then those morons showed up and ate us out of
house and home."

"You're talking about the trees in the living room?" I asked, lips twitching into a small smile.

Leah snorted a laugh. "Trees?"
As far as insults went, "trees" was pretty lame. "They're tall," I explained sheepishly.

"I can think of worse insults," she sneered, defiantly locking gazes with the two werewolves
now hovering awkwardly by the kitchen entry. Only one of them met her glower straight
on―I assumed this one was Paul.

"Thanks again for the food, Mrs. Clearwater," Jared called, easily ignoring Leah.

"Oh, you boys aren't staying for the game?" Sue frowned.

"No," Paul finally broke his stare down with Leah. "We have to meet up with Sam."

"Ah," Sue said delicately, "Go on then. Be safe."

"Sure," Jared waved her off and the duo disappeared.

Beside me, Leah sat stiffly, hands curling into fists until her knuckles strained against her
skin.

I pointedly made no mention of it. Instead, I turned to Sue and inquired, "Who else is
coming?"

"Hm? Oh, Billy and his boy should be here soon. Jacob is probably bringing along some of
his friends. Leah, did you or Seth invite anyone?" Sue asked.

"Not likely," Leah scoffed. "It's just a stupid game."

Sue smiled and didn't disagree.

When Seth bounded into the room, it was like a punch to the chest. For a split second, his
resemblance to my little brother was uncanny, and I had to hold back a sob. I pinched myself,
until I could look at Seth again and remind myself that no―my brother didn't have long, long
hair; didn't grin so brightly; didn't naturally have such dark skin, but had it as a result of being
in the sun so often.

A kick to the shins jolted me into taking a much needed breath.

"What's the matter with you, Swan?" Leah hissed under the cover of Seth's loud chatter.

"I could ask you the same thing," I evaded.

Leah's face twisted into an ugly scowl. "Hmph, whatever."

I could hear Charlie and Harry, and other voices (Billy and Jacob?) from the front door and I
sunk lower into my chair.

I was disturbingly aware that I did not belong here. My skin itched with discomfort and my
breaths came shallowly.
And for a while, I wished I was in Edward's stone grip―an anchor to keep me from sinking
further.


It was three in the morning when I quit trying to get any sleep. Even awake, the nightmares
tormented me. The faces of my family beared down on me and I couldn't handle the guilt.

Pulling on a thick sweater and a pair of sneakers, I trudged out of my room and down the
stairs. I paced the hall for a while, until I made my way to the back porch. I stared out into the
gloom and moved forward. My shoes had only just sunk into the wet grass when I heard the
whisper of my name.

"Azmon?" I called out desperately, squinting into the darkness.

"I'm here."

I whirled around and found him standing at my side, solemn violet eyes glowing and staring
into the dense forest I knew was there, but couldn't see. "You came back," I cried and begged,
"Please. You have to let me go back! I'm not supposed to be here! This isn't my story."

"You died," he said, "You have no place there."

I moved to stand before him. "And Bella? What about her?" I demanded and jabbed a finger
in the direction of the house, "That man up there―Charlie. He has a daughter. Her name is
Bella. Where is she?"

Azmon cast his gaze down to meet mine. "There is no Bella."

I faltered. "What…? Of course there is! Or who did Renée raise for the last seventeen years?
That girl should be here―not me!"

"There is no Bella," he insisted, "And you cannot return."

"It's not fair," I whispered, wiping the tears from my eyes. "I know...I remember. I have no
one to blame but myself for what happened, but...my family. How am I supposed to go on
without them?"

"The same way your family must go on without you. You have another chance―do not take
it for granted."

"No," I hissed, "This is all wrong. The dead should stay dead."

"And yet, you live." Just like with every statement he made―short, brutal sentences that cut
me deep. They were knives lodged in my chest. My breathing turned ragged.

"I can't," I sobbed, "Look at me. It's wrong. I'm all wrong. This isn't my skin, or my face, or
my body. I'm wrong."

I quieted when a heavy hand rested atop my head. "You are not wrong and you are not dead.
Once you accept this, you will recover and you will find a new home. Do not be scared to let
go."

"How can I not be?" I choked, clutching at my chest, heart aching like a tender bruise. "I can't
even remember my own name."

"I am sorry, child. It is out of my hands." For once, there was a weight to his voice.
Something sad and tired and old. "You are stubborn, but heed my words." He slid his hand
from atop my head and stepped back

I stumbled forward with panic. "Wait! When can I see you again?" He was my only link―my
only proof that I was someone other than Isabella Swan.

But he vanished and in the quiet, the whisper of his voice brushed against my ears, "If you do
not, it will be a good thing."

I clung to his ominous words with a heavy heart.

The cold, droplets of rain splashing against my hair and face startled me back into awareness.
But I didn't want to go back. Instead, I took cover under the awning, dropping onto the porch
steps with a weak cry. For a brief moment, I thought Azmon had returned when I heard the
sound of my name over the steady patter of rain. I squinted into the darkness of the woods―a
rather useless gesture. Regardless, such a pleasant and musical voice was familiar to my ears.
"Edward."

My recognition was all he needed. Within seconds, he was kneeling before me, raindrops
glittering in his damp hair and the shoulders of his coat slick with rain. His corpse-pale face
and glowing eyes were like a beacon in the gloom.

Edward laid a cool palm against my cheek and flickered his gaze over me critically. "You
were with that man again." It wasn't a question, and I could only assume Alice had caught a
glimpse of us.

But I nodded, hoping to quell his worry. "I was," I agreed quietly. "We only spoke for a little
while."

"But you're okay?" he checked. I nodded again, and despite the obvious relief on his face, he
still appeared troubled. "Right. I'm sorry."

My brow furrowed, brain too muddled to keep up. "What?"

"You told me to stay away from your house," he reminded me hesitantly.

"Oh, that." I suddenly remembered the confrontation from earlier in the week. Already it felt
like a lifetime ago. I shrugged. "Yeah. I like my privacy. But you can come if you suspect I'm
about to be murdered."

My small allowance was all it took for Edward to relax. "That's...that's good," he sighed with
relief.

I snorted. "You're such a worry wart."
"You really don't help with that," he teased.

"I can't help it." My honest answer sobered him up.

"Shouldn't you be asleep?" he asked, running a cool thumb over the bruises beneath my red-
rimmed eyes.

"I can't," I said, voice cracking and mind flashing back to last night's horrible dreams. I didn't
want to dream of drowning―didn't want to remember that it was my fault.

"I'll keep you company?" It came across as a question, but at my nod, Edward backed off and
instead, sat on the step beside me. The space was appreciated―the night was already cold
enough without him hovering over me. But of course, it didn't erase the small stab of
disappointment.

I folded my forearms across my knees, basking in the comfort of his presence. I didn't want
to be alone―not with the weight I carried. Even if Edward didn't know it, I found solace in
knowing he was one of the few who could somewhat understand and relate to my experience.

Of course, it wouldn't be Edward if he kept his questions to himself. "That man...he's not
human, is he?"

"No, he's not," I reluctantly affirmed. Before he could follow up, I continued, "I know you
think he'll hurt me, but it's the opposite―without him, I wouldn't be alive." I didn't think
Azmon was directly responsible for my situation, but his was the only face I knew, and it
would have to be enough. Enough because only he could give me closure.

I could feel the weight of Edward's stare, so I closed my eyes and rested my cheek against my
arms.

"Isabella," he spoke almost hesitantly, "I care very much for you. If there's anything I can―"

"I like you too," I whispered, lifting my lids to meet his shocked gaze. In the darkness, his
molten eyes glowed. I couldn't look away if I tried, hypnotized by the tide of emotions
swirling wildly within them.

I wasn't Bella―I would never be Edward's perfect half. The thought alone was enough to
keep up one last wall between him and I. He kept knocking them down and I kept allowing it.
But I needed one last assurance that I could walk away from this.

Edward's features had softened and the tender look in his eyes caused my heart to stutter.
"Then, why don't you want to be with me?" His question wasn't demanding or bitter. All I
could detect was genuine curiosity.

"Because," I whispered, casting my gaze aside, "I can't be honest with you."

"I guess that is a little unfair," he chuckled. "It feels like you know all my secrets, but I can't
begin to guess at yours." My silence was telling and he sighed. "Why can't you be honest?"
I closed my eyes again. I didn't know where to begin with that question. I knew I didn't want
the same future as Bella―I wanted to grow up, to have a career and a family and a life, even
if it was fleeting and temporary. More than that, I wanted my old life back. Azmon had made
it clear that it was impossible, but it made me hate Charlie and Renée. I could make new
friends, and meet new classmates, and work with new coworkers, but Charlie and Renée
would never be my mom and dad. I hated them and I hated myself more for hating them―for
being a coward, because without them, I'd be alone. I didn't want to be alone, and somewhere
along the way, Edward had also scooted himself into the confines of my heart. And I was too
selfish to let him go.

At some point, Edward began to run his fingers through my hair. The soothing gesture caused
me to relax. I enjoyed it for as long as I could, before breaking the silence, "It's my last
defense." Edward merely hummed in acknowledgment, his hand not pausing, so I continued,
"If I tell you everything now, then I can't run away."

Finally, my words registered and he halted, although his fingers remained tangled in my hair,
resting against my back. "You want to run away?"

"Yes."

He hummed again and then continued brushing my hair. "Okay."

I frowned and opened my eyes to shoot him a puzzled look. "That's it?"

"Yes. You need time―I can wait. I'm good at waiting."

I muffled a laugh against my arm, "I know."

He glared at me playfully. "Rub my own secrets into my face, why don't you?"

I laughed, louder this time as I sat up. "I'm sorry. You're a bit of a know-it-all, so I guess I'm
just surprised...no offense."

Edward rolled his eyes. The uncharacteristic gesture had me laughing again. As soon as I
quieted, I found his eyes and my smile softened. "Thank you for coming."

"Always," he promised. It was a different kind of weight―one that was lifting rather than
crushing. And yet, it still left me breathless.

I tore my gaze away long enough to notice a much lighter gray sky. "It's morning," I realized.
"Is it already time for school?"

"Should you be attending classes?" Edward frowned.

I waved away his concern. "I'm not interested in sleeping," I mumbled, heaving myself to my
feet.

"We have an hour before you need to leave," he said, now standing and peering down at me
with concern. "Could I pick you up? You shouldn't be driving in your state."
  "It's not the first all-nighter I've pulled," I laughed, "But you've been so nice to me, so sure."

  A crooked grin split across Edward's face that froze me in place. "Prefect!" In a move quicker
  than I could follow, he pressed his cold lips against my forehead, and then loped across the
  yard and vanished into the forest. It wasn't the blurred vampire speed I would've expected,
  but it was faster than possible for any human. It was as though he wasn't sure whether or not
  to keep up the pretense.

  I pressed a hand flat against my chest, willing the tempo of my heart to slow down. Edward's
  stunning smile had left me in a stupefied, gooey daze and I hoped he hadn't noticed. Who am
  I kidding, he looked totally smug. Ugh, the jerk.

  Trudging back into the house, I ran into Charlie while ascending the staircase. "What are you
  doing up so early?" He shot me a perplexed look as he continued down, and I paused to
  watch him gear up in the front hall.

  "Woke up, couldn't go back to sleep," I lied and then called as I continued my way up, "I'm
  going to shower. Have a good day chief!" He replied in turn before I disappeared.



Chapter End Notes



    Another shoutout to my foreign readers, because more of you came out of the
    woodworks last chapter to say hi! xD Love you guys! :)

    Real quick, I wanted to address something. I had a reader ask me how long I planned for
    this story to be, as in, am I going through all the books? So, just to clarify, canon is dead.
    Deader than dead. There will be no going through the books. And I've only outlined like
    the first twenty chapters of this story, so unless I figure something out soon, updates
    might get dodgy after that.

    Realistically, this story is more slice-of-life, than plot. So, just keep your expectations
    low, lol!

    Anyway, thanks for reading! Please be sure to drop a comment before you head out! :)
        Chapter 12: Fork High's Newest Couple Make Headlines
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   A whole hour left me with plenty of time to shower, blow dry my hair, get dressed, and have
   breakfast. I was putting my dishes in the sink when Edward came knocking at the door. I
   ambled out to the hall and allowed him in. "Morning," I smiled with relief, suddenly finding
   it easier to breathe.

   "Good morning, Isabella," he greeted, standing closer than strictly necessary. I could feel my
   ears getting hot so I busied myself with pulling my coat from its hook, but then he was there
   again, helping me pull the sleeves over my cashmere sweater, hands lingering, and buttoning
   it up faster than my eyes could keep track of.

   I slapped his hands away, my face burning. "Damn it, Edward, knock it off," I scowled, "You
   can't just do stuff like that. It's embarrassing!"

   Edward laughed and prodded my cheek. "Is that why you're blushing?"

   "You don't have to sound so smug," I huffed, crossing my arms.

   "I'm sorry. You get flustered so easily," he chuckled, leaning over to hoist my backpack from
   where it had laid abandoned since Friday.

   "Yeah, yeah," I muttered, shooing him back out the front door, "Let's go before I change my
   mind."

   My threat didn't phase Edward at all, his grin not dropping once as he lead me down the
   driveway and opened the passenger door for me. "Thanks, love," I patted his cheek teasingly,
   but his unexpectedly dazed look shot a trill of satisfaction through me. I settled into the
   leather seat, surprised when the bittersweet scent of coffee wafted across my nose. "That for
   me?" I checked once Edward sat beside me on the driver's side.

   "From Alice," he nodded. While I eagerly sipped at the still hot drink, Edward dug out a
   small, pale tube from his coat pocket, "And this too."

   "Oh! Bless your sister!" I cheered, setting the coffee back down and taking the concealer
   from his hands. Bella didn't need makeup, but I'd done some damage to her eyes in the past
   two nights. The shower had freshened me up, but until I got some decent rest, I'd be sporting
   the under-eye bruises.

   Edward watched me curiously while I pulled down the sun visor to peer into the mirror. I
   spent a few seconds delicately blending the concealer around my eyes before I decided I
   looked human again. "Okay, I'm done, we can go," I said while I twisted the tube close.

   "Actually, I have something for you too," Edward said and reached towards the backseat.
"Is it my birthday?" I chortled, accepting the paper he handed me.

"No… When is your birthday?" he asked.

My mind blanked. "No idea," I shrugged and turned to the paper he handed me. I could
remember some of Edward's innermost thoughts, but I couldn't remember Bella's birthday. It
was definitely in September, but the exact day escaped me. As I glanced over the slanted
writing that eerily resembled my own, I frowned, "Wait, this is―"

"You said I could no longer help you with biology. You said nothing about trigonometry,"
Edward grinned.

I narrowed my eyes long enough to unnerve him, before I shrugged and tucked it into my
backpack. "Thanks." With everything that happened over the weekend, trig homework had
completely slipped my mind.

"Ah, you're not upset?" he checked, much to my amusement.

"Please," I scoffed, "I could do these problems in my sleep. Biology, on the other hand, is a
different beast."

Edward chuckled as he put the car into drive, "Oh, good. According to Alice, Mr. Varner will
be particularly temperamental today, so best not to forget your homework."

I was slightly surprised at his casual mention of Alice's precognition, but then shrugged it off.
"He's so cranky all the time," I groused while sipping my coffee, "Almost tempts me into a
career change."

"Career change? You want to be a math teacher?" Edward asked, eyes focused on me rather
than the road.

Was a math teacher, I thought glumly, before shaking away the sting of disappointment.
"Maybe," I shrugged, unsure if I wanted to work through earning the same degree. I
swallowed another sip of my drink before continuing, "I also wanted to be a physicist, but
working towards a doctoral sounds like a pain."

"Where do you want to go to school?" he asked.

"Considering the out-of-state tuition rates, I'm definitely staying in Washington," I huffed.
"And dorms are expensive, so I'll probably attend Peninsula College first and then transfer."
The problem with running away was that I didn't have anything to my name. This was a more
realistic plan, even if it would prolong my time with Charlie.

"And if money wasn't a problem?" he suggested with a displeased frown as we pulled into the
high school parking lot.

"It is," I said factually, and then shrugged, "Don't know. Haven't thought about it."

"You should," Edward muttered.
I stopped him in his tracks before he could start throwing money at me, "I'll think about later.
Right now, we're about to face the barbaric reality that is teenage girls. You better shield me
if Whitney comes anywhere near me."

Edward parked the car before turning to stare at me with the most entertained expression.
"And why is that?"

I scoffed, "As if you don't know! Because of you, I've been dealing with all these romance-
crazed girls. They want a love story, Edward!"

Not one bit phased by my complaints, Edward leaned over and smirked, "Then let's give
them one."

"W-what?!" I spluttered, but by then Edward had already turned off the ignition and
disappeared. And a second later he was opening my door and helping me out of the car,
taking my bag from my hands.

"Oh, you are evil," I hissed as he pressed his palm against my back, fingers curving around
my waist. Edward almost seemed to bask in the attention as he lead me through the parking
lot full of gawking teens.

He shot me a dazzling grin. "Just giving the people what they want."

"Oh please," I sniffed, "Since when do you care―" I cut myself off with a squeak when he
pulled me closer until I was flush against his side. "Evil," I grumbled, knowing my face was
red.

Edward laughed a delighted sound that had my lips curving into a silly smile. Up until his
next statement, "Does that mean I get another point?"

"Ugh, I forgot about that," I complained as we entered the building to my first class. I had
arrogantly told Edward I'd get revenge for his meddling with our bio exam, but with all the
drama last week, it'd completely slipped my mind. "Embarrassing me like this in front of my
classmates isn't very original, though. Don't think it's worth a point."

Edward wasn't bothered. "It's at least worth half a point."

"Fine," I allowed, "But watch your back, Cullen."

"I can't," he shot me a cheeky smile as we reached the door to my classroom, "I'll be too busy
watching you."

"Oh smooth," I rolled my eyes and took my backpack, cheeks flushing again when he
casually pressed his lips against the top of my head.

"I'll see you after class, love," he called, sauntering down the hall with a cheery wave.

Ignoring the tittering of my classmates, I marched to my seat with a huff, only to be met with
Angela's knowing grin. "I'm so happy for you, Isabella!" she whispered.
"Thanks," I mumbled, red face buried into my hands. Ugh this is so embarrassing. I hate
PDA.

Fortunately, Mr. Mason dragged everyone's attention back to the front and I got a small
respite for the next hour.


In my rush to escape English, I nearly slammed into Edward outside the classroom door. Icy
hands held me by the shoulders, steadying me. "Miss me?" Edward teased.

"Yes. I just couldn't wait to jump into your arms," I said dryly.

Snatching my backpack from my hand, Edward pressed a hand against the small of my back
and lead us in the direction of my next class. "You're not blushing any more," he noted with a
hint of disappointment.

"Yes, well, I admit you caught me off guard this morning," I sniffed. An hour away from
Edward had given me the chance to pull myself together. Now that I knew to expect his
antics, I was mentally prepared.

"I did. Not an easy thing to do with you," he chuckled. His next question was a little more
sobering, "Could you sit with my family and I during lunch? They'd like to meet you."

I scowled. "Jasper isn't still planning my murder is he?"

"Of course you know about that," Edward cursed under his breath.

"Duh. Why do you think I outed him as a serial killer?" I reminded him. "As soon as you
came up with the idea, I knew it'd be good revenge. And the irony certainly didn't escape
me."

At this point, Edward wasn't shocked, just resigned. "Naturally."

I briefly contemplated his idea. I imagined it'd be uncomfortable, but I also wasn't that keen
to sit with my friends―an interrogation was in the least of my interests. "Fine," I allowed
once we neared Mr. Varner's class, "As long as Jasper isn't playing family executioner, I don't
see why not."

Edward grimaced. "Sorry, it's just―I…don't need to explain this, do I?" he belatedly realized.

"No," I said, retrieving my backpack from his grasp. "You're learning."

Edward's eyes danced with amusement. "I'll meet you before lunch. I'm sure you and Jessica
have some catching up to do," he teased, tucking an errant lock of hair behind my ear before
ambling off.

"Evil," I hissed, and was abruptly tackled from the side.

"Isabella~!" Jessica squealed, clinging to my side like a baby koala.
"Jess! What did I say about the squealing," I scolded her, untangling her arms from around
me. She followed closely after me into the classroom. We paused long enough to drop off our
homework, but as soon as we'd taken our seats in the back, Jessica was vibrating in her chair.

"When did it become official?" she demanded. Our classmates weren't even trying to be
discreet. The other girls especially had turned in our direction eagerly.

Although I'd known to expect this, I was surprised by how unbothered I was with the idea of
dating Edward. Despite my reservations, I knew it was easier than pulling the "just friends"
card. Maybe I would stay with him, or maybe I'd run away. But for now, I needed him. "I
guess we made it official this morning when he picked me up," I finally answered.

The girls broke out into gleeful whispers, but before Jessica could dive into her next question,
Mr. Varner wrangled the class back to order. And Alice hadn't been wrong―he really was in
a bad mood. It meant Jessica was unable to get away with asking me any more questions.
Although, going by the heckling from some of the guys in my class, I realized the outcome of
yesterday's game had something to do with Mr. Varner's disposition.

The walk between trig and Spanish gave Jess the opportunity to continue her line of
questioning, and the huddle of girls behind us wasn't the least bit subtle.

"Did he take you out on a date this weekend?" Jess shot me an accusing look.

"No, nothing like that," I placated her. "We ran into each other on Saturday and we hung out."

Jessica's face split into a grin. "It's like fate!"

"Sure," I rolled my eyes. "Listen Jess, how about you call me later today and I can tell
you everything."

This immediately caught her attention and her eyes began sparkling. "I'll call you as soon as I
get home from volleyball practice," she cheered as we entered Spanish class.

"Buenos días, Señora Goff," we greeted before taking our seats. Spanish went by quicker than
I hoped, and like I expected, Edward was waiting for me, leaning against the row of nearby
lockers, stunning as ever.

"I'll call you later," Jessica reminded me pointedly before hurrying off.

I scowled when I noticed Edward's smug face. "Evil," I reminded him.

"So I've heard," he grinned, taking my bag and wrapping his arm comfortably around my
shoulders as we walked towards the cafeteria. "And rumor has it we're dating."

"Yeah? Well rumor has it Jasper's a serial killer," I shot back.

"And yet, both rumors came from the same source," he needled me.

"Doesn't sound like a reliable source," I snickered. "How will we ever separate the truth from
the lies?" Oof, that hits a little too close to home…
"How indeed," Edward mulled as we entered the lunch room. He expertly maneuvered us
around crowded tables until we reached the far end of the room, where his family already sat.

"Sit next to me, Isabella!" Alice demanded with an exuberant smile. She was the only one
who appeared remotely enthusiastic. Rosalie and Jasper were stone-faced and Emmett was
simply at ease.

"Sure thing," I agreed, sliding into the seat beside her. Edward dragged a chair close to mine
and draped his arm across the back of my chair, shooting the blondes a warning look.

"Here! Our mom made you lunch!" Alice eagerly pressed a paper bag into my hands.

"Oh. Thank you," I said with a softer expression.

"Yes. How nice," Rosalie sneered.

I could feel Edward rearing to come to my defense, so I looked Rosalie in the eye and
suggested, "If there's something you'd like to say, go ahead. It's not good to keep things
bottled up." There was something so satisfying about bating Rosalie. Her high strung nature
made it so easy.

The glare she shot me was fear inducing. But I only offered her a mild grin. She wouldn't
snap my neck in such a public setting. In the case she lost control and did kill me,
well… Been there, done that.

"Why don't you quit it with the mind games," Rosalie hissed, leaning forward in an openly
threatening manner, "And tell us what you know?"

I pursed my lips and then heaved a sigh, leaning back against Edward's arm. There really
wasn't any way around it any more. It was obvious that I knew more than I should.
Ultimately, I shrugged while I rummaged through Esme's homemade lunch. "Just assume I
know everything," I said.

The air became tense, and around me, they argued in low, hissed voices that my human ears
had no hope of picking up. I didn't pay them any attention while I bit into a chicken and
avocado sandwich. "Oh that's good," I hummed and happily ate away. I had polished off the
sandwich and was pulling out a container of apple slices when Jasper suddenly turned to me,
ochre eyes blazing.

"'Everything' is a very broad term," he rolled the words across his tongue, southern tang
adorning his honeyed voice.

"Yes, it's also rather arrogant," I noted casually, "Of course I don't know everything. But it's a
way to put it in the simplest of terms." I blew out a loud sigh and leaned back again,
abandoning my lunch and crossing my arms. "Contrary to what I told Edward, the decision to
come to Forks was out of my hands. I knew about you long before I saw you." I shrugged. I
was too familiar with them―their nature, their pasts, their dynamics. "I know―it's an
invasion of privacy, but I didn't ask for this anymore than you did."
The small bit of honesty was enough to sober them up. I stood to my feet. "Well, this has
been perfectly awkward. Send Esme my thanks for lunch," I said and was relieved when no
one argued with my departure. Edward sidled up to my side and we quietly made our way out
and began the walk to biology.

"I'm sorry," Edward grimaced.

"Don't be," I said, reaching over to tangle my fingers with his. "I'm the one who showed up
and made a mess of things." I'm sorry, Bella. This was meant for you, not me.

Edward's lips twitched. "You are a magnet for chaos. Sometimes, I think you enjoy it."

"Depends," I smiled, "On whether I'm the victim or the perpetrator."

"Yes, well, perhaps riling up Rosalie isn't one of your wiser choices."

My smile turned sheepish. "Hah. Yeah, you're right. It's just funny how easy it is to get under
her skin."

"Because you're not the one who has to deal with the aftermath," he pointed out, pausing
outside the classroom and turning to face me, peering down with amused eyes.

"Oh, I didn't realize," I winced, and reached up to pat his cheek sympathetically. "My
apologies, babe."

Edward caught my hand and brushed his lips against my fingers. "I forgive you―but only
because it's you."

"You sure know how to make a girl feel special," I laughed, pretending the blood wasn't
rushing to my face. "I guess we have even more to talk about now, huh?"

Edward tilted his head in thought. "If you'd like." My brow furrowed with confusion, and he
elaborated, "I told you, I don't mind waiting."

"Oh, uh...I didn't mean my secrets," I explained. "I meant yours. Since what I know is kind of
out in the open now."

Edward's eyes darkened. "Yes, my family is certainly frustrated. We've come across gifted
individuals before, but nothing so confounding as yours. They don't know what to make of
you."

I cast my gaze down. Everything was unraveling faster than I could keep track of. "It was
never my intention. But you refused to stay away from me."

"I know. I'm sorry I've made things more difficult for you," he murmured.

I stepped closer to him, pressing my forehead against his chest. "It's the opposite. You made
things difficult for yourself and your family. You've helped me more than you know." My
thoughts flashed back to Tacoma―wet and cold and my lungs on my fire until Edward
brought me to myself and kept me from drowning within my own memories.
Edward wrapped his arms around my small frame and held me.

When the bell finally rang he pulled back and curled his cold fingers along my cheek. "Would
you like to come over, after classes?"

I held back a sigh. I knew his family couldn't just let this go. It didn't mean I had to tell them
about my death―I wasn't ready for that. Everything else was fair game. Because if I was
relying on Edward to keep myself from falling apart, then they deserved at least this much.
So I smiled and chirped, "You want me to meet the parentals already? My, my! I really feel
special now," I teased, strolling into class.

"That's a yes?" Edward checked.

"Of course," I smiled, hopping onto my stool.

His eyes were tender when he said, "Thank you." And I knew I'd made the right decision


"There you are!" I hissed, rushing forward and clutching Edward's arm. "Let's go!"

Edward laughed. "How was gym?"

"Don't pretend you don't know! They're vultures! All of them!" I cried, quickly marching
forward. "Stop laughing!"

"I'm sorry," he said, but couldn't keep the laughter out of his voice.

"Whatever," I huffed, "Where are your siblings?"

"They've already gone ahead," he replied as we reached his car. "It's not too late to change
your mind."

"No sense in avoiding the inevitable," I said, keeping my tone flippant. He opened the
passenger door on my behalf and watched me. I paused. "Is there something you're not telling
me?"

His lips twitched. "I thought you knew everything."

"Obviously not," I rolled my eyes and flung my bag into the car. "Rumors of my capabilities
have been greatly exaggerated."

"People really should stop spreading such lies," he teased.

"Yes," I sighed, "I really should." I stepped into the car before he could comment, and within
minutes we were off.

The drive to his house was silent. I knew I was trying to gather my wits about me, but I
couldn't imagine what Edward was thinking so hard about. I let it be. I had enough to worry
about on my own without also trying to pick at Edward's brain.
I must not have been paying attention, because when I looked up again, we were approaching
a gorgeous white mansion. As soon as Edward parked, I moved to open the door, but he beat
me to it using his freaky vampire speed.

"I am capable of opening my own door," I informed him, allowing him to take my hand and
help me exit the car.

"I know," he flashed me a charming grin and began leading me across the driveway and up
the porch. We stepped inside, into the vast, open space. Esme and Carlisle stood near the
grand piano on a raised platform. Carlisle was a familiar sight―I'd briefly met him after the
van incident. Despite his young age and devastating beauty, he could certainly pass for being
closer to thirty―I suspected this discrepancy was due to the harsher conditions of the
seventeenth century. Esme was just as striking, but in a softer, lovelier manner.

"Carlisle, Esme, this is Isabella," Edward introduced me.

"You're very welcome, Isabella," Carlisle moved forward with small measured steps.

"S'nice to see you again, doc," I smiled, reaching to shake his hand, hoping my awkwardness
wasn't too obvious. I'd put them in an uncomfortable position―I wasn't sure whether to
apologize or be irritated. It hadn't escaped my notice that there was a certain wariness in their
eyes.

"Please, call me Carlisle," he offered.

"Sure," I agreed easily enough. Esme stepped forward and I felt a stab of guilt when I met her
cautious eyes. Did she see it too? Perhaps I'd deluded myself into thinking I could stand
beside Edward and fool everyone into believing I could be anything more than the fraud I
was. Esme was his mother―surely she saw it too.

"Isabella." Rather than shaking my hand, she gently grasped both my hands in her stone-cold
ones. "Thank you," she said, voice lovely and sincere, "Truly. You've made Edward the
happiest I have ever seen."

The guilt stabbed deeper.

I laughed nervously, cheeks red. Beside me, Edward hissed, "Mom."

"You're welcome," I smiled, keeping my snarky remarks to myself. Esme was kindhearted
and gracious―it felt wrong to be anything less around her.

But the calculating look hadn't left Esme or Carlisle's eyes. For once, I was unsure. I knew
there was still a lot that was left unsaid between me and their family, but it was as though
they expected something of me. So far, I'd held somewhat of an advantage, but I was starting
to suspect there was something I was missing.

Before I could voice anything, we were joined by the rest of the Cullen clan. First, Alice
flashing down the stairs, followed by a more cagey Jasper, and then Rosalie and Emmett
  attached at the hip. The tension hung in the air, until Alice skipped forward and clasped my
  hands in her own.

  "Alice," Edward warned. Doubt colored his tone. I couldn't imagine why.

  But Alice didn't spare him a glance. She locked her honey eyes with my own, intense.
  "Isabella," she began, voice tight, "Do you know? About me? My past?"

  Everything clicked and I finally understood why everyone had watched me so closely, so
  wary.

  "Ah," I said unhelpfully. And then nodded, once.



Chapter End Notes



    I don't care how cliché it is, I love Alice, so she shall get to know all about her human
    life! :D Actually, I think I've hit just about every cliché in this story already, but the
    whole thing is pretty self-indulgent, so who cares, right?

    Anyway, hope you liked the chapter! Thank you for reading! :) Until next time~!
               Chapter 13: Catching the Clairvoyant by Surprise
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I almost staggered in the face of Alice's eager expression, hope flooding her eyes. The
   tension in the room was suddenly drowned with a wave of calm, so unnatural I could only
   suspect Jasper. "Tell me," Alice demanded, eyes glazed over with what I assumed were not
   tears, but venom.

   For a long, drawn out moment, I didn't reply. And then, I warned her, "It's not a pleasant
   story." I would tell her, of course, although I wasn't sure how to start. It wasn't my place to
   decide whether she should know her own history or not. It was her bright enthusiasm that
   caused me to hesitate.

   Alice faltered for only a second, before insisting, "I can handle it. Please, Isabella."

   I squeezed her hands gently. "You don't have to beg."

   "Sorry," she said, voice catching, "I can't see it. It's all muddled."

   I nodded, understanding. "I assume because even I don't know what to say," I reassured her.
   "I just need to sort my thoughts." That she had seen anything at all…it's probably what had
   tipped her off.

   "Do you want to take a seat?" Edward asked for my benefit. I was sure they could all stand
   around comfortably for the rest of eternity, but he must have noticed my feet shifting.

   "Okay," I agreed. Edward took my hand back and steered me towards the sitting area.
   Everyone arranged themselves comfortably on the couches in a very human manner. Alice
   and Jasper sat directly across from me, Alice in particular sitting on the edge of her seat,
   leaning forward, hands clasped on her lap and eyes glued to me.

   I gripped Edward's hand tightly, thoughts churning. Finally, I started with the most basic of
   facts, "Your name is Mary Alice Brandon and you were born in the year 1901 in Biloxi,
   Mississippi."

   The simple sentence caused reactions from everyone, but I ignored their gasps and murmurs,
   watching Alice's hands fly up to cover her mouth. My gut twisted with sympathy and I
   wondered if this is how Azmon had felt.

   Once Alice nodded for me to continue, I sighed and closed my eyes, trying to recall as many
   details as possible. It had been many years since I'd read the illustrated guide, but Alice's
   story had always fascinated me.

   Thoughts sorted, I met her gaze and continued factually, "You were born to a middle-class
   household. Your father was a jeweler and pearl trader. He traveled often. Your mother tended
to your home. You had a little sister―her name was Cynthia."

I paused again, when I noticed Alice's tiny shoulders quivering. Jasper's comfort wafted
across the room. "S-sorry," Alice stammered, wiping at her dry cheeks, "I just...I wish I could
remember them. Please, go on."

I didn't allow myself to hesitate too long this time. "Even as a human, you had visions," I
recalled. This elicited surprised reactions from everyone and I stopped. Even Alice was
perplexed.

"Truly?" Carlisle's voice broke across everyone else's, his expression an odd mix of
fascination and concern.

"Yes," I confirmed, turning to him, "It caused a lot of talk from the townspeople…twice, she
tried to warn someone of their future―I think one was her cousin. Alice foresaw his death.
They refused to listen, so when her warnings became true, she was accused of cursing them.
They called her a 'witch.'" I scrambled to remember who the other person had been; a friend?
Maybe something about a failed marriage? I shook off the thought with a frustrated huff.

Esme was horrified, but it was Jasper who spoke up, "I assume, that's not the worst of it?"

I closed my eyes for a moment, and then met his cool gaze. "No. Alice had a vision of her
mother's murder," I explained to him, ignoring their gasps and pushing forward, "Unlike her
father, she believed Alice. Because of this, her mother was careful for many months, but as
soon as she dropped her guard, she was killed―run off of the road, if I recall correctly." I
locked eyes with Alice again, "Her death was declared accidental. Your father silenced you.
Within months, he remarried to a woman whose father was a potential customer."

The implication was not lost on any one. This was where most of the details got muddled, but
I remembered the main points. Still, I wish I could recall more. "You had another vision―the
same man who murdered your mother, planned the same for you―" I winced, Jasper's ire
sweeping across me.

"Jazz," Alice was the first to scold, but he'd already reigned it in. Without his earlier calm, I
could once again feel the tension weighing heavily.

"Apologies," Jasper bit out, gaze cast aside, shoulders drawn tight.

I took a deep breath, shaking off the pang of fear, and watched Alice closely while I
continued, "Knowing your father was behind everything, you tried to hide out with your
relatives. But with the death of your cousin, they chased you off. You then tried going to the
town's marshal, but your father had already beaten you. He told the town you were deranged
and shipped you off to a mental asylum a few counties away."

I paused again, giving everyone a moment to digest this. Already, Jasper had saturated the
room with a calm that kept everyone from acting out. Despite this, I was met with troubled
frowns. Alice in particular was engrossed, leaning forward again, hands curled tightly against
her knees.
"It's why your hair is short," I pointed out, "They shaved it off in response to the threat of a
typhoid outbreak." Almost involuntarily, Alice brushed her fingers across short, spiky locks. I
braced myself, knowing my next statement would be brutal, "It's also why you have no
memories. You underwent electroshock therapy to 'cure' you of your visions."

The bewildered look on her face was the antithesis to Jasper's sinister glower. But the calm in
the room only doubled. "Oh," Alice whispered, fingers splayed against her temple, as though
trying to imagine the pain. "I guess...that makes sense," she frowned, but then shook off her
apprehension. "What happened next?"

"There was a vampire who worked in the asylum. He cared very much for you and tried to
protect you. But then, you had a vision of another vampire. You were his singer and he was a
tracker―James. The vampire from the asylum planned to escape with you, but no matter
which way he planned it, James always caught up to you. The only way was to change you,"
I explained, with the annoying thought that there were details I'd missed.

I shouldn't have been surprised when I was interrupted again. That it was Rosalie, was odd.
"What's a singer?"

It was then that it occurred to me that the term hadn't been mentioned until the second book.
"It's like what my blood does for Edward. It sings to him," I hesitantly explained, aware of
the way he'd loosened his hold around the palm of my hand. "Or as the Volturi say it, la tua
cantante." I didn't know Italian, but it was close enough to Spanish that the phrase was easy
to recall.

There was an uncomfortable shift in the air, at the mention of the Volturi.

But when no one spoke further, I took another breath, turned to Alice, and finished, "He bit
you, hid you away, and then went to distract James. He was killed, but it allowed time for the
venom to spread. When James found you, your blood was fully turned, and he abandoned
you, expecting you'd become a savage. The pain of the venom erased the last of your
memories."

Relieved to be done, I slumped back, leaning against Edward's side. Although I was sure
there were questions brimming, everyone waited for Alice to speak first.

"I see…" Alice murmured and flew to her feet. "Just one question―the vampire from the
asylum, what was his name?"

I lifted my shoulders helplessly, "I'm sorry, I don't know."

Her lips curled into a sad smile. "It's okay. Thank you, Isabella… I...I'm not sure―if knowing
is better or not. But thank you." She swept her gaze across the troubled faces of her family,
"I'd like some time alone now." Without awaiting a reply, she flashed through the room, out
the glass doors, and across the river.

"Why is it…" Jasper began, features tight, "That you know the tracker's name, but not the
other one?"
I shifted and dropped my gaze.

"What aren't you telling us?" he demanded.

"Jasper," Edward snapped, moving forward in his seat, as though to shield me.

"No, it's okay," I said, placing my other hand against his arm, "He's right. There's a lot I
haven't said." I hesitated for a second longer, before turning to Jasper, "The tracker―James.
He'll be making an appearance sometime within this month or the next."

Jasper blurred as he shot up to his feet in a move too quick for my eyes to follow. "He's
coming back for her?" he growled a deep terrifying sound.

In the same second, Edward was on his feet as well, shielding me. "Back off," he hissed.

Jasper reigned in his chaotic emotions and slowly sat back down. Once I could breathe, I
stood to my feet, sticking close to Edward, and explained, "No. He and his coven are nomads.
They're just passing through."

"How many?" Carlisle stepped forward with a grave expression, taking command.

"Two others," I replied, "Victoria―his mate. And a male called Laurent."

"And we will make contact with them?" Carlisle asked.

I furrowed my brow, thinking back on how the story played out. I began slowly as I gathered
my thoughts, "Around the start of spring break, there will be a thunderstorm." Fortunately, I
didn't have to explain further when understanding dawned in their eyes.

Emmett scoffed, speaking for the first time, "We'll be together. Three against seven? Easy."
His face split into a vicious grin.

Carlisle didn't entertain the idea. "How does it end?" he asked, his gaze never once wavering
from me.

I heaved a sigh, gripping Edward's hand, knowing he would like my answer least of all. "It
ends in a hunt...for me."

"What?!" Edward hissed, angling his head to stare down at me, eyes burning.

I shrugged helplessly and sighed again, eyes dropping. "Can I go home now? I'm tired."

"Of course," Carlisle agreed, halting any protests. "We'd appreciate it if we could pick this
back up?"

Despite the sympathy in his voice, I knew the safety of his family overrode my discomfort.
"Okay," I said shortly.

Edward began guiding me towards the front door. On the way, Esme stepped forward to take
my hand, "Thank you, Isabella. It was so nice to meet you."
I nodded, expression softening. "You too. And thanks for lunch. It was delicious," I recalled,
a grin tugging at my lips.

"Oh! I'm glad," she laughed softly. Behind her, Carlisle shot me a grateful look.

"Have a good evening, Isabella," he said as we reached the door.

"You all as well," I waved before Edward steered me out to the front porch.

The ride back to Charlie's house was quiet. A glance towards the digital clock revealed that it
was only after four. Another two hours before I had to think about cooking dinner, if I
decided to make anything at all.

When Edward pulled up to the house, I gathered my bag in my hands. "You're coming in?" I
checked.

For some reason, he seemed surprised by the invitation, and then relieved. "Yes," he agreed,
reaching over to turn off the ignition. We exited the car and headed inside. I paused in the
front hall after hanging my coat, thoughts muddled. Finally, I turned and lead Edward into the
kitchen, tossing my bag atop the table and took a seat.

Edward didn't say anything when I pulled out my notes and began working on Mr. Varner's
homework, simply sitting beside me, watching me with a thoughtful expression. It continued
like so, while I did the reading for English and the worksheet for Spanish. Once I got to
biology, I turned to Edward, "How are we splitting up the lab report?"

"However you'd like," he settled on. I was surprised he didn't offer to do the whole thing
himself.

"I'll do the analysis and discussion," I decided, wondering how much it'd annoy him that I'd
chosen the more interesting sections. But he only hummed in acknowledgment, expression
distracted. I leaned back and crossed my arms. "What's wrong?"

"Many things," he answered shortly. Tilting his head to lock eyes with me, he said, "That's
why you tried to stay away from me. You knew I'd put you in danger."

"Oh," I blinked, realizing how easily he could reach that conclusion. "No, that's not it,
actually."

"No?" Edward's smile was self-deprecating.

I pursed my lips. "I stayed away, because if I even hinted that I was aware of your secret, I
would become a liability to you and your family. Of course, I didn't actually expect you'd
develop feelings for me."

"How could you not?" Edward frowned.

"Knowing it and experiencing it are two different things," I hedged delicately. Bella. It was
supposed to be Bella. But I couldn't say that, so instead I said, "And then, I needed you, and I
couldn't say no." I held my breath, wondering how he would take my selfish admission.
"Needed me more than you needed to be safe?" His eyes were solemn.

I shifted uncomfortably and looked away. I needed him, because I didn't want to be alone.
But he'd rather I be alone than in danger. A lump got lodged in my throat.

"Isabella?" he inquired, cold fingertips skimming my cheek.

I cleared my throat. "I, uh...I guess I didn't think that far ahead," I answered quietly. I had
decided to live in the moment rather than dwell on the one future I knew. "Besides, I didn't
plan on accepting your invitation to playing baseball with your family."

"Were you planning on telling me any of this?"

I winced. "Maybe? I don't know."

I hadn't thought this far ahead. Whatever I had with Edward wouldn't last. And what would it
matter then?

"Talk to me, love. What are you thinking?" he murmured, palm curving against my jaw.

"I'm thinking," I whispered, eyes closed, "That I'm selfish. I need you, but it's only causing
you problems. I'm sorry."

"Don't be sorry," he said, running his cool thumb along the apple of my cheek. "And don't
despair. We'll figure something out. James won't get anywhere near you."

"Okay," I breathed, leaning into his touch.

Our quiet moment was abruptly cut short by the sharp ringing of the phone. "Must be
Jessica," I sighed and heaved myself to my feet. Reluctantly, I picked up the phone.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Isabella!" Jessica greeted me cheerfully.

"Hey, Jess."

For a second, there was silence on the other line. "Are you okay? Why do you sound so
weird?"

I rubbed at my temple. "Sorry. Just a killer headache." With everything today and the lack of
sleep from last night, the exhaustion had hit me all at once, and now there was a pulsing
pressure between my eyes.

"Aw," Jessica whined, "Okay, I guess I can wait…"

I heaved a relieved sigh. "Thanks, Jess."

"Duh! What are friends for? Now, go take some painkillers and lie down! You have to be in
top shape for tomorrow's field trip!"
"Huh? Oh. I forgot about the field trip," I muttered.

"How surprising," she teased, giggling. "Bye, Isabella!"

"Night, Jess."

As soon as I hung up, Edward was on his feet, packing up my schoolwork. "You should get
some sleep," he suggested.

I blinked, eyes burning. "I'll try," I allowed and walked him to the front door.

"I'll pick you up in the morning?" Edward offered, pausing and turning at the threshold.

I wasn't expecting a good night's sleep, so I nodded my consent. "Good idea. I don't even
remember where we're supposed to meet up for the trip."

Edward tilted his head in agreement and leaned down, briefly pressing his cold lips against
my forehead. "Get some rest," he murmured.

I watched him make his way down the driveway, before shutting the door with a small sigh.


The digital clock displayed 2:05 AM when I shot up with a gasp, choking on air. I leaned over
the edge of the bed, rib cage rattling as I hacked my lungs out. Tears burned in my eyes as I
scrambled to get in a breath. My lungs expanded rapidly, desperately. "Fuck," I wheezed,
shoulders trembling until a sob broke out. Damn it, Azmon. You were wrong. I can't do this.

Untangling myself from my comforter, I stumbled to my feet, shoving my sneakers on and
pulling on a sweater. I almost lost my footing as I careened down the stairs. I lurched across
the hall, out onto the back porch, and through the damp grass. "Azmon!" I cried, voice
quivering, "Please! Please."

But I was only met with eerie silence.

I stood there, lump stuck in my throat, and despair squeezing my heart. I dropped down,
sinking into the sodden grass, burying my face into my knees.

You should've left me to rot with the fishes.

A hand brushed my shoulder, and my head shot up. "Oh," I blinked, meeting the amber of
Edward's eyes.

"Not who you wanted to see?" He didn't give me a chance to answer. Caging his arms around
me, he shifted me until my small, huddled frame was on his lap. Tucking my head under his
chin, he quietly held me.

I settled into his icy embrace. I was wet and cold and it was dark, and I could almost imagine
that I was still sinking into the muddy seabed. Only the loud, thudding of my heart and
expanding lungs reminded me that I was alive. That I could still breathe. "What is it like," I
whispered, "What is it like, not needing to breathe?" For a long time, Edward didn't answer.
  "Needing to breathe―I no longer recall the sensation," his quiet voice filled the night like a
  song, "We still breathe because it's a tool we use for hunting. Beyond that, it's redundant. It
  brings no relief."

  "No relief," I repeated softly. "I can only imagine."

  "Is that what you dream about? Not being able to breathe?" he asked, threading his fingers
  through my hair.

  "I dream of drowning," I confessed, breath hitching in my throat.

  "You said you wouldn't be alive, if not for that man… Is he the one who saved you from
  drowning?"

  "No." No one saved me from drowning.

  I pressed myself closer, anchoring myself to Edward's stone-like embrace. I don't know how
  to let go. I was teetering on the edge of between who I was and who I was supposed to be
  now. One way lead to death, and the other way lead to Edward. The choice should've been
  easy. It wasn't.

  "What would you do," I asked, "If I died?"

  The strained silence was a leaden weight. Suddenly, Edward's tight grip loosened, and he said
  with no compunctions, "I'd follow you."

  My shoulders hunched, burdened with the weight of Edward's life. My choice now had
  consequences. For a split second, I loathed Edward for putting the responsibility of his
  existence on me.

  I vanished the thought almost instantly.

  Edward's choices weren't mine to bear. But I didn't want that for him; didn't want that for his
  family. So I chose him―because I didn't want him to die. And because I was too afraid to die
  a second time.



Chapter End Notes



    Ahh, the angst! I have the inability to not write it :(

    I hope the scene with Alice was worth the wait! It was kind of hard to write, because I
    hate information dumps, especially when there are so many characters involved, but
    hopefully it came across organic!

    So, field trip will be coming up in the next chapter. Obviously, Isabella will get into
    some sort of trouble, so let me know your predictions! ;) Thanks for reading! :D
  Chapter 14: Does it Count as Sexual Harassment if it's Only in
                           Thought?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I didn't voice the decision I made regarding Edward. I was a coward and I wanted to keep his
   expectations low. If I fell short, it would be less heartbreaking.

   The moment I started shivering, Edward released me.

   Now, we sat on the back porch steps, a blanket draped across my shoulders.

   "I broke my promise again," Edward noted. This time, he didn't sound as repentant.

   "I'd say text me before showing up next time, but I keep forgetting I don't have a phone any
   more," I huffed, rubbing at my tired eyes.

   Edward's question was perfectly innocent. "What happened to your cell phone?"

   I froze momentarily, before a sardonic smile spread across my lips. "It's somewhere at the
   bottom of the ocean." Unless they recovered my body, and my phone along with it. I shook
   my head, smile falling flat. "Don't ask."

   "Noted." When I shot him a look, he elaborated, "I have a list."

   "A list," I repeated.

   "Of questions."

   And his perfect recall will make it impossible for him to forget. Stupid vampire quirks. "Is it
   in chronological order, or order of importance?"

   Edward looked at me oddly, but answered, "Chronological, I guess."

   "Which is the first?" I felt a little bad, asking a question I wasn't likely to answer, but too
   curious for my own good.

   "What's in Arizona," he recalled, "When we were in Sequim, I asked about your mom. You
   said you didn't want to talk about Arizona."

   "Ah," I said, allowing the subsequent silence to stretch out.

   "That's a lie," he then admitted, "There's another before that one, but I'm unsure if what you
   said was mere jest." I prompted him with a curious look, and he said, "You made a
   joke―about this not being your first time attending high school."

   I nodded, vaguely remembering his reference. "It wasn't a joke."
"But...you are human?" Edward's gaze was sharp and bore down on me.

"One hundred percent," I quipped. "Lost your patience yet?"

I yelped when Edward suddenly pulled me close, although the blanket remained a barrier.
"Never," he grinned, pecking me on the cheek.

I laughed. "Good for you."

"Although, I guess that explains your ease with the material," he observed, keeping me
tucked at his side. "Barring biology, of course," he chuckled.

"Ugh," I groaned. "I worked my ass off to get an A in biology the first time around. Mind
you, this was just bio, not bio II."

"You're doing just fine with it," he assured me. "Look at it this way―you could be taking
anatomy."

My nose scrunched up. "Never. I will never take anatomy," I swore. Although that did bring
up the question of Bella's transcript. I'd have to get a copy―she probably hadn't even taken
physics.

"I assume that's a no to med school," he laughed.

I snorted. "Without a doubt." Knowing this could easily lead up to our earlier argument about
college, I asked, "Whatever happened to my mp3 player? It's been ages."

"Alice is working on it right now," Edward said, "She decided you needed more variety, so I
left her to it." The mention of Alice piqued my curiosity. Edward had seen her thoughts
regarding her past―how was she handling it? Certainly better than I am.

I decided to leave it alone for now.

"Leave it to the psychic," I laughed and patted his cheek. "Good idea."

Edward leaned into my touch until we were close enough that our noses brushed. His lids fell
shut as he basked in the warmth of my hand. My eyes softened and my heart swelled with
something warm and tender. For a long while, I rested my gaze on him, roaming over the
expanse of his brow, the slope of his nose, the curve of his lips. I would've never imagined
how easily it would be to care about him, but then―his gentle patience with me, his laughter,
his teasing, his intelligence. My heart overflowed and my breath stuck in my throat.

I closed my eyes and rested my forehead against his, brushing his cool cheek with my thumb.
Part of me wished I could stay in this moment forever―no death or life; no pieces of me
missing; no false pretences. Just the overwhelming urge to sink into Edward until I was
consumed by his gentle love and protection. I wanted this to be my only reality. And for a
short while, it was.

"Isabella."
His sweet breath fanned across my face and I blinked my eyes open, dazed. The aroma was
sweeter than perfume, completely intoxicating. The moment I met the burnt ichor of his eyes,
I knew then, I could never run away from him. Not of my own will. If the day ever came that
he rejected me, I would run as far and as long as I could. But for now, he would remain my
anchor. For as long as he wished, he would keep me from drifting, and not a moment longer.

I pulled away and swept my gaze across the treeline, barely visible in the gloom.

"What's the plan for today?"

The silence stretched and I could feel the weight of Edward's gaze. I hadn't meant to break
our moment so abruptly―had done so instinctually.

When he finally shifted his eyes, Edward pulled me closer and tugged at my messy hair while
he said, "We are to meet our class at six-thirty. The buses will be parked by the front office."

"And then?" I was pretty worn out and the details escaped me.

"And then," Edward hummed, twirling a lock of my hair between his fingers, "It's a three-
and-a-half-hour drive to Seattle, a tour of the Burke Museum, a break for lunch, and some
free-time before we return."

At my grimace, he suggested, "Or, we could always ditch."

"Don't tempt me," I snorted, snuggling closer. Despite feeling like I was turning into an
icicle, I refused to move an inch.


"Where's Alice?"

A few hours later found us waiting near a pair of greyhound buses with the majority of our
junior class milling about. Mr. Mason had already directed us to get into pairs―Jessica had
sent me a thumbs up, her other hand clasped with Mike's, and Angela had been nice enough
to buddy up with Eric.

Edward's response was a low murmur that had me leaning closer, "Already on their way to
Seattle. They booked a flight to Biloxi last night, not long after we left."

"That makes sense." Despite everything I'd shared with Alice, it wasn't surprising that she
wanted to take a look for herself. A pang of remorse hit me, when I started recalling the
details I'd accidentally left out. "I wish I could have told her what she'd find."

Edward pressed something small and sleek into the palm of my hand. A quick glance
revealed a razr flip-phone, a model I hadn't seen in fifteen years, back when my mom owned
one. The sight was nostalgic and bittersweet―it made me feel closer to her.

"They are rather delicate, so we have a few extras laying around," he explained, "Alice
wanted you to have one, in case she needed to get a hold of you. Imagine what you'll text her
and she'll know."
I nodded and briefly closed my eyes. A grave. Records from the asylum archives. Old
newspapers. A niece.

I held onto the thoughts a little longer, pretending I would send them to her via text.

My eyes shot open when the phone pinged. Flipping it open, I saw a text message from Alice.

Thank you.

"She got it," I smiled in relief.

"Thank you," Edward repeated, soft with gratitude. "From all of our family. It means a lot."

"Of course." I squeezed his hand, his icy temperature seeping through my gloves.

Once one of the teachers finished taking roll call, Edward turned and lead us to one of the
buses. After we found a seat, I fiddled with the phone, ignoring any blatant stares shot our
way. After everything with Alice and a night of fitful sleep, I'd forgotten what a fiasco school
had been the day before.

Clicking the down button, I scrolled through the contacts to find all of Edward's family
already added, as well as my home phone and Charlie's direct line at the station. I messed
with it a little longer until I found that it had a storage size of 5.5 megabytes. What a
tragedy. I snapped the phone shut and pocketed it before I could despair any longer.

"I wish I could say I did this all myself," Edward chuckled, holding up the mp3 player I'd
purchased a week ago. "But as you know, I can't take all the credit."

I eagerly took it off his hands, unwrapping the ear buds around the frame, and scrolled the
hundreds of songs Edward and Alice had uploaded. I only recognized about half of them. I
thrust one of the ear buds into my ear, offering the other one to Edward, before hitting
shuffle. I leaned back and closed my eyes, Muse blasting in my ears. They really outdid
themselves.

When I blinked my eyes open, I found my face pressed against Edward's arm, mind groggy.
"Did I fall asleep?" The rough texture of my voice was answer enough, but Edward explained
regardless.

"You nodded off a few minutes after we left," he chuckled as I wiped my eyes clean of dust,
trying not to smudge the concealer. "Much to the disappointment of our classmates."

I sat up and rolled my eyes. "Even if I hadn't, what did they expect?" I made sure to keep my
voice low. If they had lost interest, I wanted to keep it that way.

Edward lifted a shoulder in a half shrug. "You said it yourself," he grinned crookedly, lifting a
hand to brush my hair back into place, "They want a love story."

I sunk back into my seat and took Edward's hand in between my own, fiddling with his
glacial fingers. "It's sweet, but bothersome," I grumbled. A glance out the window revealed
we were arriving and I had been able to sleep for a full three hours. Impressive.
We filed out of the bus, and I was confused when I saw even more buses pulling up to the
curve. "Are those from other schools?"

"Appears so," Edward confirmed, wrapping an arm comfortably around my shoulder. "Are
you feeling better?"

I tilted my head up to shoot him a grateful smile. "Yeah. That's the best sleep I've gotten in
the past four days. I feel so awake!"

"I've been thinking," he broached carefully, "If you should perhaps speak to Carlisle about
being prescribed with sleeping medication."

"Oh." My brow puckered into a frown. "I hadn't thought of that. I guess…I was hoping they
would go away on their own," I sighed, mentally cursing my damn nightmares. "But yeah, I
think I'd like that."

Edward appeared relieved by my easy agreement. I couldn't imagine why―I hated those
dreams just as much, if not more.

"Two bimbos―incoming." I startled at Jessica's sudden appearance at my side.

Approaching us was a pair of girls―rather pretty, but unfamiliar. Going by the number of
students streaming out from the other buses, I could only assume they were students from one
of the other high schools.

"Hey! What school are you from?"

It was a friendly enough question―if it weren't for the fact that both their eyes were glued to
Edward's face. Honestly, I was a little offended. He literally had an arm draped around my
shoulders―what was I, chopped liver?

"Forks High," Jessica snipped at my side, once again reminding me of her presence. I was a
little grateful, seeing as the girls had left me speechless. I didn't know whether to laugh or
abandon Edward to the vultures. But that would be mean.

"Like the utensil?" one of them snickered, briefly meeting Jessica's glare before once again
becoming enraptured with Edward's towering figure.

"That's right," Edward replied coolly. "Can we help you?" He pulled me closer as though to
shield himself―with those gooey eyes, I could only imagine what they were thinking.

Should I come to his rescue or nah? I mentally contemplated.

The taller girl was quick to answer, "Oh, we thought you looked familiar from a distance, but
I guess not." Which was pretty weak as far as excuses went, because I sincerely doubted
anyone they knew resembled Edward. I still had to give them props for being brave enough
to walk up to us so casually―I sure as hell would never do that.

"No," Edward said, already turning from them. It was rude, but effective.
"M-maybe we'll see you inside?" the small blonde tacked on before she completely lost
Edward's attention.

"Not likely," Jess sneered, "Bye."

They shot twin glares in Jessica's direction before they marched off with indignant huffs. As
soon as they disappeared, Jessica whirled in my direction. "Isabella! Why didn't you run them
off?" she demanded, expression peeved.

I wrinkled my nose, trying to hold back my laughter. "If having Edward wrapped around me
wasn't hint enough, I'm not sure what I could've said," I answered dryly.

"You could've said plenty," Jess sniffed.

"She was too busy trying not to laugh at me," Edward looked down at me accusingly.

"That obvious?" I laughed sheepishly.

At the call of her name, Jess began turning towards Mike. "Quit being oblivious, Isabella!
They aren't the only ones eyeing you two," Jessica huffed before flouncing off in Mike's
direction.

While we waited for the teachers and chaperones to do a last head count, Edward muttered,
"Why do I get the feeling you would've abandoned me back there?"

I pressed my lips into a thin line before I could laugh at him. "It did occur to me briefly, but I
opted not to."

"You weren't even a little jealous?" he teased me.

If what he felt for me was a fraction of what he'd felt for Bella, then I wasn't inclined to
worry.

Although that hardly kept me from teasing him in return. "Introduce me to Tanya and maybe
I will be."

Edward blanched. If a vampire could turn red, I had no doubt Edward's face would be bright
as a tomato right now. The embarrassment was heavy in his voice when he muttered, "Of
course you know about that."

I snickered and gently elbowed him, "Don't sound so glum, babe."

He ducked his head and pressed a kiss against the top of my head. "You also know there's
nothing between Tanya and I, right?" Edward murmured seriously near my ear.

His earnest voice softened me into a puddle of goo. "I do," I angled my head up and flashed
him a grin, "But I expect you'll keep up the same attitude around girls even when I'm not
around."
"I'll have to if you're so ready to abandon me," Edward sighed, lips twitching into a crooked
grin.

"Hey, I only very briefly thought about it," I argued.

Edward pulled me along before our class could leave us in the dust. "I certainly can't know
that," he reminded me. Mental shield for the win!

I shrugged. "Yeah, let's keep it that way."


It wasn't until we split into groups to tour the place, that I recalled we were in a natural
history museum―you know, the type with dinosaur bones, native art, and biological
collections.

We were up on the third floor, in the paleontology exhibit when we were called for lunch.

"Eric, knock it off," Ange tried to scold her wayward partner, but wasn't very successful in
concealing her laughter.

I snickered, watching as Eric and Mike messed around with the little dinosaur replicas,
reenacting the comet strike that wiped out all the dinosaurs. It was kindergarten all over
again.

I jumped when a sharp elbow suddenly jabbed me in the ribs. "Where's Edward?"

"Huh? He's by the fossil display case," I answered Jessica, jumping forward to catch the
scattered dinosaur figurines before they could hit the floor. "No, Mike! Not Littlefoot!"

"Sorry, but the comet spares no lives," Mike shrugged with little remorse, swiping the last of
the figurines into their designated bin.

"Isabella, look," Jessica prodded me again. With a huff, I followed her gaze to find yet
another pair of girls accosting poor Edward.

"He'll live," I patted her shoulder.

"Whatever," she rolled her eyes, "Come on guys, Mr. Mason's calling us down for lunch!"

I stored away the bin before sauntering across the room to Edward's side. "Lunch time,
babe!" I announced, tangling my fingers with his. The two girls talking to Edward startled at
my sudden appearance, and then became red in the face when Edward's lips curled into a
devastating grin. Sheesh, I almost feel bad for them.

"T-this is your girlfriend?" one stammered, expression simultaneously flustered and
disillusioned.

"Took a minute, but he eventually wore me down," I nodded solemnly. The duo looked
offended on Edward's behalf and I had to hold back a snicker. "Now if you'll excuse us, food
awaits."
Edward gladly followed, first at my heels, and then overtaking me, urging me to walk faster.
"Where's the fire?" I huffed as he pulled me along, down the staircase.

"Their thoughts were rather...visceral." Edward physically shuddered.

"Yikes," I grimaced sympathetically. "I wish there was a way you could turn it off―oh." It
suddenly occurred to me―if Alice could have visions while human, who's to say I couldn't
control my mental shield as a human?

I nearly stumbled when Edward came to an abrupt halt, but his other hand landed on my
shoulder and steadied me. "What are you thinking?" he asked, tawny eyes boring into mine.

"I… Okay, don't get your hopes up, but there might be a way I can turn it off for you," I
admitted, a little reluctantly. Edward turned and pulled me along until we were on the second
floor, avoiding another group of students headed towards the stairs. We rushed across the
way, until we turned and reached an empty corridor.

"How can that be possible?" Edward demanded as soon as he was sure we were alone.

"Right. So, you, Alice, and Jasper―you're all gifted. I am too," I explained, reaching up to
tap a finger against my temple. "The way you're a mind-reader, I'm a mental shield."

Edward's eyes lit up. "That's why I can't read your thoughts."

"Exactly," I nodded, "Shielding my mind is a natural ability―I've never attempted to control
the shield beyond what it can already do for me. But like any other gift, it can be expanded
upon."

"So if you were able to extend your shield beyond just yourself, you could shield
others―could shield me!" Edward's excitement was contagious.

"Precisely!" I matched his grin for a moment, before it fell flat. "The problem is," I hedged, "I
don't know if it'll work. The majority of gifts don't manifest so strongly without the venom."

Edward's face instantly turned to stone. "Absolutely not."

"I'm not asking for that," I huffed with an eye roll. "I'm just warning you―I may not be able
to help you, but I can try."

His rigid posture loosened. "Right. Thank you."

I didn't get a chance to reply. In one swift motion, Edward slid his hand along my jaw, tilting
it just right for him to lean down and press his frigid lips against mine. It lasted for a second,
maybe two, before he pulled back, but the simple touch had me dazed―heart stuttering,
cheeks burning hot, warm affection spreading across my chest and down to the tips of my
toes.

I ran my tongue across my lips―a vivid memory of sweet frozen yogurt freezing my lips on
a hot summer day flashed through my mind.
Edward's eyes were gentle, brimming with something warm and tender.

The moment was cut short when he angled his head away. "They're looking for us."

I followed after, still dazed.


After lunch and another two hours of touring the exhibits, we were given two
options―touring the University of Washington campus (where the museum was located) or
walking up to 45th, where some of the shops and restaurants were, near the university
apartment complexes.

Of course, Edward was eager for me to take a look around campus, but it honestly wasn't that
different from the one I'd personally attended. Instead, I joined the majority of the girls who
wanted to go shopping, with Edward ruefully joining me.

"Alice will be sorry she missed this," Edward chuckled, walking beside me at a sedate pace, a
little further back from the gaggle of girls and accompanying chaperones.

"She'll be devastated," I laughed, "I like clothes, but I'm not too eager to become her personal
doll."

"I might be able to hold her off a smidge longer," Edward offered.

I swung our locked hands back and forth, expression pensive. "That's not at all reassuring," I
mumbled.

"She's a force of nature," he chuckled, tugging me closer. "But I can talk her down if you're
really opposed."

I shook my head. "Nah," I grinned, "I doubt―what's the matter?" I frowned as I watched
Edward's gaze snap to our left.

"Catch up with the group," he ordered sternly, before leaving my side and vanishing amongst
the pedestrians.

I scowled, worry gnawing at my gut as I picked up my pace. Even though I eventually caught
up, I didn't join the girls. Instead, I maintained my presence at the back of the group, keeping
an eye out for Edward―or whatever had spooked him. That was mistake number one.

Mistake number two was coming to a halt the moment I caught a glimpse of a corpse-pale
face, ready to give Edward the third degree.

In a split second, I was spirited away into a dank alley, a cold forearm across the expanse of
my chest keeping me in place, a ridged wall digging uncomfortably into my back.

I didn't have time to gain my bearings before I locked my gaze with a pair of rusty red eyes.
Chapter End Notes



    Well...that just happened. How will this end? Not sure yet. But I hope you enjoyed the
    chapter! :)

    Dedicated to FriendlyFire who subtly peer pressured me into updating this. Truly, what a
    gem.

    Anyway, let me know your thoughts on this please! And thank you so much for reading!
    :)
          Chapter 15: Of Patriots, Blackmail, and Rubber Bands
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   My first thought was rather sardonic. This was short-lived―nice going, Azmon. And though I
   was familiar with death, it didn't keep my heartbeat from picking up, pounding against my
   ribcage; didn't keep the adrenaline from rushing through my veins; sure as hell didn't keep me
   from thinking, I don't want to die. Not again.

   My brain short-circuited when, instead of sinking his teeth into my throat, the towering
   vampire leaned down with a curious gaze. "Tell me, love," he asked, fanning his cloying
   breath across my face, "Who's the vampire keeping you around as a pet?"

   I gazed up at him, stupefied. As usual, I panicked and blabbed my first thought, "I'm
   nobody's pet! We're dating."

   Laughter rumbled in his chest. A few strands of chin-length, sandy blond hair escaped his
   hair-tie to frame eager eyes. "I hate to break it to you missy, but I doubt it will be a lasting
   relationship―you're mouthwatering."

   "What's your name?" I blurted out. Keep him talking! Edward, where the fuck are you?! Shit.

   His eyebrows shot up in surprise, but he indulged me, "Name's Garrett, miss."

   My eyes brightened. "G-Garrett? The same Garrett who fought in the Revolutionary War?" I
   eagerly asked.

   The arm braced against me eased as bewilderment rolled across his face.

   My hair fluttered, a small breeze marking a motion too fast for my weak eyes―but I could
   guess. Chunks of brick scattered with a plumb of dust at Garrett's feet, where Edward had
   flung him across the alley.

   "Oh good, you made it," I gasped, clutching Edward's sleeve and peeking around to watch
   Garrett shoot back to his feet in a blur and dust himself off.

   As soon as he met Edward's gaze, he tilted his head curiously.

   "You know my father?" Edward hissed.

   "Ah. So you are with Carlisle," Garrett confirmed, "It's been a long time since I've seen eyes
   like yours…and I certainly haven't seen the likes of such a gift since Aro."

   "Then let it be a warning," Edward growled, "Come anywhere near her, and I'll rip you to
   pieces―friendship with Carlisle be damned."
Garrett held his hands up in a peaceful gesture. "If you can see my thoughts, then you know
of my sincerity when I say I was only curious. Even more so now, when she knew who I was,
but you didn't."

"Speak with my father, if you must," Edward conceded, "But not her."

"Okay, cool it, Edward," I huffed, ignoring the thundering of my heart and stepping to the
side so I could better look at Garrett. "I don't mind talking to Garrett―although this probably
isn't the best setting."

Edward shot me a frustrated look. "He's not like my family, Isabella," he seethed.

"Yeah, the eyes kind of gave it away," I said dryly.

"How about you point me in the direction of your father," Garrett offered, hands still up,
"And I can get out of your hair."

Edward's face twisted further into a glower. "Northwest," he spat, "A small town called
Forks. Don't make a spectacle of yourself."

"Wouldn't dream of it," Garrett chuckled and then jumped up, scaling the building and
vanishing over the roof in a flash.

"Fuck," I gasped, sinking to knees, clutching my chest.

"Isabella?! Are you hurt?!" Edward demanded, gripping my arms and slowing my descent.

"No, I'm fine," I squeaked and cleared my throat. "I just nearly died and I need a moment."

Almost reluctantly, Edward admitted, "You didn't." My scowl prompted him to elaborate, "He
wasn't lying when he said he was only curious. My scent was all over you―it's what attracted
him to you."

"Damn it, Edward, why did you disappear like that?" I glared.

His remorseful gaze simmered me down. "I picked up on his scent―I was trying to track him
down before he found us first."

Fat load of good that did. But I didn't voice the thought. Going by his contrite expression, he
was probably thinking along the same lines. "Fine, fine," I grumbled and allowed him to help
me to my feet, "Let's go before the others freak out about our disappearance."

"Wait, Isabella," Edward frowned, "You can't be serious about speaking to Garrett―he hunts
humans. It's not safe."

"I'm aware," I huffed. "But Garrett isn't an unruly newborn. If it's fine with Carlisle, and if
Garrett can control himself, then I don't see the issue."

"Even though a moment ago you thought he nearly killed you?" Edward reminded me,
expression dark.
"Thought. Turns out I was wrong. But I can't say the same for you, can I?" I pointed out,
vividly recalling out the first day I'd seen him.

Edward recoiled and guilt churned in my gut.

"Let's go," I muttered, turning my back to him and stalking off.


I could only imagine the kind of attention Edward and I would attract if our current
frustration with each other became public knowledge. As soon as we were in the vicinity of
our classmates again, I slipped my hand into Edward's and eased my expression into
something softer. I didn't look to see if Edward did something similar and instead casually
browsed through clothing selections until the chaperones rounded us back up and herded us
back to the buses.

Without prompting, Edward handed me my mp3 player as we settled into our bus seats.

"Thanks," I said, unwinding the earbuds, sticking one in and offering him the other one.

His expression softened and he accepted it, nudging it into his ear, before pulling me close. I
settled against him and scrolled through the available songs, not really seeing them.

I couldn't blame Edward for flipping out―if Garrett hadn't been so curious, I definitely
would've been dead. At the same time, I didn't know what he expected. If we were going to
be involved, he couldn't just hide me away every time a friend or relative showed up to town.

Then again...our relationship has an expiration date. What's the point of forcing the
issue? The thought made me incredibly sad. Was Edward worth giving up my humanity? I
didn't know, but Edward's opinion was clear, and I wasn't sure I wanted to fight it.

Ultimately, I settled on playing something softer. The acoustic music quietly thrummed in my
ear and I relaxed. At some point Edward began fiddling with my hair, until he finally asked,
"What are you thinking?"

I glanced towards him from my peripherals. "Uncertainties," I answered vaguely. Edward
brooded enough as it was―voicing my thoughts would do nothing but enable him. "What
are you thinking about?" I think that was the first time I'd ever asked that question. I always
figured he was filled with questions, and doubts, and a lot of angst, but I guess that was a
little unfair. Edward was more than just his problems.

"I was thinking of you," he confessed, gently tugging at my hair, "I find that nowadays, I
always am."

My chest burned with a storm of emotions I couldn't quite pin down―but if he hadn't been
holding me, I was sure I would have floated away.

I cleared my throat.

In the quietest voice I could manage, I confided, "I think about you too. Ever since Azmon
showed me the truth, you've kept me grounded. I know it's not fair to you, but thank you―for
keeping me steady."

Edward absorbed my words for a quiet moment, and then ventured, "Do you think you'll ever
tell me what happened to you?" He wasn't demanding, merely curious and a little sad.

But I struggled with thinking about that memory too deeply. The thought of saying the words
aloud lodged a lump in my throat so large, it left me struggling for breath.

I shook my head and eventually managed to answer in a hoarse whisper, "Maybe."

Edward hummed in acknowledgement.

We drifted into a comfortable silence and I struggled not to fall asleep. Unlike this morning, I
wasn't on the brink of exhaustion. The thought of choking awake in front of my classmates
made me want to shrivel up in humiliation.

"What's wrong?" Edward asked when I fidgeted for the umpteenth time.

"I don't want to fall asleep," I admitted, rubbing at my drowsy eyes. I reluctantly sat up and
blinked rapidly in an attempt to rouse myself. "Talk with me? Otherwise I'll doze off," I
grumbled, taking Edward's hand and pressing the pads of his fingers against my eyelids. The
cool temperature soothed my burning eyes.

"Better?" Edward chuckled with an entertained grin.

"Yes, thanks," I said, but kept his frigid palm pressed against my cheek.

"What do you want to talk about?" he indulged me.

I settled against my seat, holding his hand up until the side of my face became numb. "Tell
me another question on your list," I requested, curious as to whether I'd be willing to answer
it or not.

"Do you...happen to have any blackmail on my brothers?" Edward's grin was cheeky.

I snorted, settling our hands in my lap. "Wow, okay, I see where your priorities lay," I
laughed, fidgeting with his fingers as I wracked my brain for any incriminating information
on Jasper and Emmett. "I got nothing," I shrugged, "I only know their pasts and how they
joined the family. Sorry."

"It was worth a shot," he chuckled. "Nothing about me, I hope?"

I snickered. "Nah. I only know about that little fling with Tanya."

Edward balked. "What? Isabella, there was no―" He cut himself short as soon as he met my
amused gaze. "You're taunting me."

I pressed a palm to my mouth, muffling a gasp. "Edward! I would never!" I sniffed, tilting my
head up in a haughty manner.
He tugged at my hair. "Of course not. You're incapable of such rotten behavior. Will you
forgive me?"

I peeked at Edward through my peripherals―a mistake on my part. His charming smile was
breathtaking. I swiftly turned back, though I'm sure he'd already noticed my flushed cheeks.
"Very well," I heaved a reluctant sigh, "I accept your apology."

"You're too kind," he murmured, cold lips pressed against the top of my head.

"No," I clarified, "I just can't hold a grudge to save my life."

Edward hummed, peering down at me while I pinned his cold fingers to my tired eyes again.
"Should I be relieved?"

"Probably," I chortled, "My mom―"

Edward gently tugged away his hand from where I had it pressed against my face, attempting
to meet my eyes. "You don't like to talk about your mom?"

I shook my head, lips pressed into a thin line, keeping my gaze cast aside.

Edward didn't know Renée wasn't my mom―and I didn't want to pretend she was.

"Alright. Then, let's talk about my mom instead," he suggested, wrapping his fingers around
my own. "Did you know about the time she hosed Emmett and I down, firefighter style?"

My head shot up. "What?" I snorted. Sweet and kind Esme? No way!

Somehow, Edward managed to distract me through the long drive, whispering funny little
anecdotes about his family into my ear. It was difficult keeping my laughter muffled. And for
a short while, I pretended I belonged here―that this was all somehow meant for me.


Charlie and I had a late dinner of pizza on the couch, the flat screen bright in the dim
lighting―spring training had just begun.

I was chewing on a bite when it occurred to me that Charlie had no knowledge of
Edward―in such a small town, I would've assumed he'd heard by now. Well, there's no time
like the present. I swallowed and said, "Hey, chief? Quick update. I have a boyfriend."

"Hm? That's nice, Bells―wait. Hold it, missy," he spluttered, setting his beer down on the
coffee table and dismissing the game. "Since when?!"

"Uh, since yesterday?" I shrugged, setting the paper plate back on my lap. "I fell asleep
before you came home last night, so I didn't get a chance to bring it up then."

I was trying my hardest not to make it a big deal. As much as I understood Charlie's plight as
a father, he wasn't my dad. And even if he didn't know it, I was an adult.

"Is it that Edwin kid you mentioned before?" he groused.
"The very one," I confirmed and snickered, "His name's actually Edward."

"Last name?"

"Cullen."

He shot up and twisted in his seat, facing me as he fumed, "Edward Cullen?! Isn't he too old
for you?"

Probably. But unlike him, I matured to the age of twenty-five, so am I too old for him?
Semantics. Instead, I rolled my eyes and explained, "No, you're thinking of Emmett, his older
brother. Edward's the younger one."

"Oh," Charlie deflated, "When are you going to introduce him?" He sounded resigned.

Probably the best I could expect. I patted his shoulder sympathetically, "Whenever you'd like.
I'll even let you have the boyfriend talk with him if it bothers you so much." Edward was
bulletproof―he'd be fine. I stood up and began to stack up our trash of plates, napkins, and
pizza boxes.

"How generous of you, Bells," Charlie grumbled and hoisted himself to his feet. "Go on up. I
can throw this out."

"Thanks, chief! Night!" I cheered and bounded over to the stairs.

Fortunately, field trip day meant no homework. I was exhausted, which I was hoping would
translate to a full night's sleep.

Of course, I couldn't be so lucky.

It was around three in the morning when I woke up with a strangled gasp. Clutching at my
sheets, I heaved myself up, coughing and spluttering, chest heaving desperately. I gulped for
air frantically, sobbing in relief.

"Fuck this," I cursed, collapsing back into my tangle of sheets, palms scrubbing my face dry.

A small ping rang from my new phone. I tossed a hand out, blindly striking my nightstand
until I grappled the small device. I flipped it open and squinted at the bright screen until I
could make out a text from Edward.

Are you alright?

I frowned. Wasn't Alice supposed to be in Mississippi? How did he know? A second text
appeared.

Alice called.

I rubbed away the spots in my vision and sat up. It took me a minute to remember how to
type on the number keypad, and even when I did, I struggled.
I'm fine. Just a nightmare.

Although I suspected that Edward had used Alice as an excuse to get me a cellphone, I was
kind of glad now. If he'd popped up by my window, I would've either died of a heart attack or
killed him.

I'm speaking with Carlisle about getting you sleeping medication. Do you have any allergies?

I was ready to send a quick 'no,' until I realized―this wasn't my body. Damn it.

My reply was a bit embarrassing.

No idea.

Carlisle is amenable to doing a scratch test.

I shifted on my bed until I was comfortably leaning against the headboard.

It's fine. I can just ask Charlie in the morning.

That one took a lot longer to type out, but I was starting to get the hang of it. It was no
wonder textspeak had become so popular!

Would you like me to come over?

I stared at the screen, chewing on the inside of my cheek. I'd been around Edward so much
the past few days, I was surprised I hadn't tired of his constant presence. But I wanted him to
show up―to feel safe.

I didn't tell him that.

No, it's okay. I'm working on a project.

His answer was near instant.

Project?

I smiled.

If you pick me up for school, I'll tell you about it.

I flipped the phone close with a satisfying snap and set it back on the nightstand. I was
tempted to take a shower, but didn't want to wake Charlie up, so instead I washed my face,
scrubbing away the tear residue, and brushed the tangles out of my hair.

Once I was back in my room, I settled onto the bed with my legs crossed and closed my eyes.

In the books, Bella had likened her mental shield to a rubber band. Supposedly, I should be
able to take it and stretch it, until it encompassed anyone I deemed fit. Of course, this was
only theory. Putting this into practice was awkward and made me feel silly.
  But also, I'm pretty sure my brain wasn't supposed to do that.

  I'm not sure how long I spent furrowing my brow in a physical attempt to push against the
  shield enclosing my mind, but it was long enough to ensue a small headache. And then, I
  seemingly stumbled into a wall―obviously, not a literal wall, but one that felt quite solid
  around my brain.

  As soon as I came across it, I eagerly nudged it. Nothing. So, I shoved against it with more
  force. No dice. I rammed into it with all the mental capacity I possessed. Not a single dent.

  Who the hell do you think are? The Great Wall of China?! As if!

  Not surprisingly, insults were just as ineffective.

  I collapsed back into my bed in a tangle of limbs, exhausted. Briefly, I wondered if I was
  wasting my time. Perhaps, it was impossible without the venom to augment the gift.

  I pursed my lips and rubbed my fingers against my aching temple. "No way. I can totally do
  this," I groused. "Your not the fuckin' Great Wall of China. You're a dumb rubber band. You
  hear that, mental shield, you're a rubber band."

  I huffed. Talking to a shield―maybe I'm finally going off the deep end.

  I moped for a while longer, suffering under the weight of my failure―but mainly just
  impaired by the acute pounding in my head. I didn't realize how much time had passed until I
  heard the crashing spray of the shower down the hall. I sat up in surprise.

  Knowing Charlie wouldn't take very long, I dragged myself out of bed once more, grabbed
  Bella's toiletry bag, and dug around the closet, picking out my clothes for the day.

  As usual, Charlie took about ten minutes in the shower.

  "Morning, chief," I greeted him around a wide yawn

  "Are you alright, Isabella? You keep waking up earlier and earlier…" He eyed me with
  concern.

  You've no idea. I waved him off. "I love my morning showers," I chirped. And then, before I
  could lock myself in the bathroom, I called, "Wait, chief! Before you go, you know if I've got
  any allergies?"



Chapter End Notes



    There, no cliffhanger this time! Are y'all happy? xD Anyway, Garrett shall be making
    his return in a few chapters. He's not just here for shits and giggles. I do need him in
    Forks for a reason. Any guesses? x)
Also, if you haven't seen it, I published a companion story to this one called The Sea in
Between which consists of spinoffs for A Body of Water and Bones. Just wanted to
announce it on here in case anyone was interested!

Next chapter, y'all can expect some Rosalie, more Jessica, and a secret letter. Thanks for
reading! :D
                          Chapter 16: It Is Wednesday, My Dudes
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It was when I met Edward at the front door, that I quite suddenly recalled the icy feeling of
   his lips pressed against mine. Maybe it was the way he was watching me, dark eyes
   brimming with affection. Or maybe it was the way he gravitated so closely to me the moment
   I'd stepped out onto the porch. Regardless, the memory caused my heart to do a little tap
   dance inside my chest and I could feel my ears getting hot.

   Flustered, I blurted out, "Penicillin!"

   Edward's brow furrowed. "What?"

   I cleared my throat and shoving aside my embarrassment, I clarified, "I'm allergic to
   penicillin."

   "Oh, I'll let Carlisle know," Edward nodded, smile gentle. "Are you ready to go?" he asked,
   lifting my backpack onto his own shoulder.

   "Yep," I nodded, shutting the door behind me and pulling my hood up before descending the
   porch steps alongside him and stepping out into the gentle drizzle. Shoving aside my
   flustered thoughts, I chattered while we stepped inside his car, "The project I texted you
   about―I was referring to the amplification of my shield. I only got as far as coming into
   contact with the shield―"

   "Truly?" Edward shot me an astonished look as he turned the ignition on. "That's
   remarkable!"

   I blinked, numbly accepting a sleek coffee tumbler from Edward as the car took off. "Huh?
   What's this?" I stared down, curiously inhaling the warm aroma. Ooh. Is that mocha?

   "Ah, it's from Esme," he revealed, sheepish.

   I carefully sipped. "Oh! That's delicious!" I sighed. "Esme needs to be careful, otherwise
   she's going to spoil me."

   "Please, let her spoil you," Edward chuckled, "It's in her nature. And, there's certain things
   she'll never be able to do for my siblings and I."

   "Well, for someone who doesn't actually need to cook for her family, she makes a mean
   sandwich," I laughed and eagerly sipped the luscious brew. Humming happily, I swallowed
   and said, "Also, don't sound so proud of me. Finding the shield didn't take as long as I'd
   thought, but I'm not sure how well I'll succeed with magnifying it." I felt guilty for getting his
   hopes up. Even if I did make progress, it was likely to be slow-going. Not only had Bella's
shield been enhanced by the venom, but she'd had the added pressure of the Volturi coming to
kill her family.

"I don't believe you understand, Isabella," Edward disagreed with a shake of his head, hardly
paying any attention to the road. "The majority of vampires are not gifted. And of the ones
that are―their gifts only manifest until after the venom. People like you and Alice are rare.
I've never even heard of other such cases. My perception, Jasper's charisma, Emmett's
strength―special for humans, but not uncommon, and certainly not supernatural."

Edward's gaze was so earnest, I had no choice but to agree. "Rare, huh?" I mused and after
another sip, I said, "I can think of a few other such cases."

His eyes lit up with interest. "Who?"

Before I could dive in, another vampire crossed my thoughts. "Hey, did Garrett make it to
your house yesterday?" Edward stiffened beside me, expression darkening. "It's okay," I
reassured him with a sheepish laugh as we pulled into the parking lot. "I won't insist on
meeting him. It is a pretty dumb idea." My thoughts drifted to Edward's first encounter with
Bella in Midnight Sun. I held back a wince. The insight was, without a doubt, sobering.

Edward parked the car and turned to me, expression mollified. "Yes, Carlisle was enthused to
see his old friend," he said. "Unfortunately, he'll be staying for a while longer. He's interested
in meeting Alice and Jasper."

"Unfortunately?" I repeated, drinking the last of my coffee and picking up my backpack. "I
hope you're not being rude to your guest," I teased.

"I'm not―as long as he stays away from you," Edward bit out, twisting the ignition off and
exiting the car. He was helping me out of the passenger seat when Rosalie and Emmett
smoothly pulled into the space beside us. The brilliant red BMW was like a beacon in the
dreary parking lot filled with old, second-hand cars.

The drizzle had shifted into a light fog, but I pulled my hood up regardless―the water clung
to everything.

"Rosalie wants to speak with you," Edward noted, likely picking up on her thoughts. Uh oh.

I hummed, appreciating the warning. Physically, I was no threat. But simply exchanging
words with the blonde would be a battle all its own. I had to be on my A-game. I didn't pay
much mind as Edward tugged me out of the way―Rosalie and Emmett had barely stepped
out and away from the car, when a gaggle of teenage boys clustered around, admiring the
convertible with reverence. Meanwhile, my thoughts churned, bracing for the onslaught of
Rosalie's disdain. I probably shouldn't start anything I can't finish. But if she starts throwing
fighting words, I won't have a choice but to wage war. Bring it on, blondie!

I stopped short when Edward's siblings blocked our path and I was met with the blonde's
contrite expression. What the fuck?
Rosalie pursued her lips, before acknowledging me, "Isabella." A trick…? Whatever. If she
can be cordial, I can too!

"Rosalie," I smiled carefully. "How can I help you on this fine morning?" Damn, I hope that
didn't sound as sarcastic as it did.

Laughter rumbled in Emmett's chest and Rosalie flicked an annoyed glance in his direction
before turning back to me, stiffly saying, "Thank you."

Every thought cut short with all the weight and swiftness of a guillotine.

I blinked.

Rosalie blew out a frustrated breath. "For Alice. Thank you."

Coming from Rosalie, it was unbelievably sweet. A grin split my face. "You're so soft," I
cooed.

Emmett's laughter thundered through the parking lot―a rich boom brimming with delight. It
was so contagious that Rosalie's affronted scowl slowly eased. Despite her neutral
expression, I caught the small twitch of her lips.

My grin turned sheepish. "But for what it's worth, you're welcome Rosalie."

She shot me a pointed look. "It does not mean I approve of...this," she directed a careless
wave of disgust between Edward and I.

I pouted. "Edward's not that bad."

"Thanks," Edward grumbled, tilting his head down to shoot me a disgruntled look.

Rosalie sneered. "Don't play dumb. You know exactly what the problem is."

I tilted my head, meeting her accusatory gaze with a thoughtful expression. "Do I?" I
wondered aloud. "You haven't gone out of your way to share your grievances with me,
Rosalie. So, spell it out for me. What is the problem?"

Perhaps I was being a bit more confrontational than necessary, but I wasn't all that concerned
with Rosalie's derisive opinions. This wasn't something that could be resolved in one
conversation. I was willing to hear her out, but I wasn't willing to allow her to treat me so
boorishly.

Rosalie's expression darkened. The curious ears that surrounded us kept her from doing just
that. I was sure her current thoughts were quite venomous.

"No? Well, let me know when I can address your concerns," I shrugged. And just to be petty,
I turned towards the direction of my building, waving and calling over my shoulder, "See you
around, Kitty." The sound of Carlisle's special nickname for her, had Rosalie fuming. I broke
my gaze before we could dissolve into another dispute. Class would be starting in five
minutes.
Edward remained glued to my side. He heaved a sigh. "Must you?"

"I cannot say or do anything that will ever get her to accept me," I said simply, mentally
adding, Except have a creepy, half-vampire baby. "Which is fine. She's entitled to her
opinion. But I'm not going to let her walk all over me." I glanced up long enough to catch
Edward's fierce eyes. "But that's between her and I," I tacked on, "Don't go feuding with your
own sister."

He smirked. "Sorry love, I can't promise that."

"Hey, there's only room enough for one troublemaker in this relationship," I scolded, reaching
up and prodding his cheek.

"I'll think about it."

My outrage was, unfortunately, cut short by the bell.


Much to Edward's disappointment, Jessica kidnapped me after school for our long awaited
girl-talk. The normalcy was refreshing―the editing, not so much. Anything related to Azmon
or vampires was automatically cut out. Fortunately, the little cellphone was a good cover for
all those late night conversations.

"And so finally," I continued, eyeing the bright shade of indigo Jess was coating over my
nails, "Rosalie approached me this morning to thank me for helping Alice with the whole
finding-her-birth-family thing. And then promptly ruined it by reminding me that
she still doesn't approve of my relationship with Edward." We sat on the floor of her room,
surrounded by bottles of nail polish, nail files, and cotton balls, with Avril Lavign quietly
blasting in the background.

Jessica scowled, incensed on my behalf. "Ugh, we get it―no one on earth will ever be as
gorgeous and perfect as her. What's her damage?"

I shrugged, careful not to jostle my hand. "She thinks it's a bad idea―assumes it won't work
out between the two of us. I think she might be right."

My quiet admittance froze Jessica in place. She then finished off my pinky and capped the
bottle, before turning to meet my eyes. "Why?"

"A few reasons," I sighed, carefully splaying my hands against my knees where my wet nails
wouldn't accidentally brush against anything. "It's why I didn't want to date him. Sure, I like
him. But we want different things in life."

Jessica tilted her head curiously, curls slanting against her shoulder. "What's the other
reason?"

"I'm not sure I'm the right person for him," I confessed.

Jess suddenly grinned and pressed a palm to her chest. "Hear it from an outside
perspective―you are fantastic for him. I've attended high school with him for three years and
I don't think I've ever seen Edward emote as much as he did in the past week. Face it,
Isabella, you make him happy."

Her words echoed Esme's.

"As for the other stuff―who cares?" Jess waved it off, "We're teenagers. We can worry about
our futures after we graduate. You are totally entitled to having a high school sweetheart!"

Oddly enough, her uncomplicated insight eased a load off my shoulders.

I laughed. "I guess you're right." Quieter, I added, "I guess I'm just afraid to deal with the fall
out."

Jessica tweaked my nose and reassured me, "Don't worry! I'll be right there with you!"

"Thanks, Jess," I smiled. "Enough about me! Tell me about your date with Mike!"

Jessica giggled. "Oh, yes! I haven't told you about that―wait, do you want your toenails to
match?"

I rolled my eyes. S'not like this is sandal-wearing weather. "Sure, Jess," I conceded,
uncrossing my legs and bringing my knees up my chest while she sprawled on her belly and
uncapped the bottle of polish again.

Meticulously brushing my toenails, Jessica chattered away, "So...the drive down to Port
Angeles was a little awkward. Thankfully, he put on music and we bonded over our love for
Green Day!"

"Hey, that's great! So, where did he take you?" I carefully tapped one of my fingernails,
testing to see how well it'd dried.

"It was a dinner-and-a-show type thing," she said, "The restaurant was super nice―it had
like, wood paneling and the lighting was dim. The food was good too. And they had a couple
of standup comedians throughout the night."

I pouted at the faint fingerprint I'd left on my nail before turning to Jess, "Aw, that sounds so
fun! Nice going, Mike. I kind of assumed he would've just taken you to a movie."

"I think that was the original plan," she agreed. "But he probably didn't want to get stuck
watching a chick flick." Jess pouted.

I gasped, "Wait! Isn't Constantine going to be released soon?"

Jessica glanced up at me oddly. "You're into horror?"

"Not really," I shrugged. It was in fact, one of my mom's favorite movies, and as a result, I'd
watched it around a dozen times as a kid. "It looks interesting though. Maybe I'll ask Edward
if he wants to go."

"Have you guys even been on a date?" Jess laughed at the realization.
I snickered. "No, I guess not. So, you and Mike are official, right?"

"Uh huh! We made it official at Tyler's bonfire party," she beamed, cheeks pink. "Oh.
Speaking of official, Valentine's day is on Monday! Are we still setting up Angie and Ben?"

"Duh," I scoffed, "Is that even a question?"

"We've got to come up with a plan!"

We spent the next few hours gossiping more while we outlined a plan of attack for getting
Angela the man of her dreams. She caught me up on everything else, chatting about Lauren's
progress with Tyler, Lee and Samantha's latest argument, and Eric's unfortunate fail with one
of the Seattle girls.

I didn't realize how late it was until Jessica's mom called her down for dinner.

Jessica turned to me. "Are you staying for dinner?"

I thought about the scheduled call from Renée that awaited me if I went home.

"Definitely!" I agreed.


Dear Ms. White,

I hope this letter finds you well.

My name is Isabella Swan. But this wasn't always my name.

I read your book By Proxy . If it's simply a work of literature, feel free to think of this letter
as nonsense and toss it in the bin. I'd rather not be admitted into the psych ward.

Otherwise, I'd like to meet you. Maybe not any time soon, but eventually, I have to face
reality―my new reality, that is. I'm like the girl from your story (and maybe like you too.)

So far, I've been able to adjust without drawing too much attention. I haven't told anyone of
who I used to be, but I would like to. And I was hoping maybe you could be that person.
Because then, I wouldn't have to really talk about it. You would understand without me
having to explain anything beyond letting you know that I'm like you.

There's a boy who I've become close with, but every time I remember my last moments, the
words get stuck in my throat and I can't find my voice. If it didn't hurt so much, perhaps I
would have already told him.

If you could write back, that would be great. If not, that's okay too.

Thank you for your time,

Isabella
Chapter End Notes



    I hope y'all didn't think the book was out of the picture for good lol!

    You know, I want for Isabella and Rosalie to become friends so bad, but they're making
    it so difficult for me! Ugh. I swear, it'll work out...somehow.

    Anyway, thanks so much for reading! I'll be sure to update soon! :)
          Chapter 17: A Hundred Times a Therapist was Needed
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I was working on my mental shield and pathetically failing, when my little cell phone rang. I
   launched myself across the bed, scrambling to grab and flip open the phone like a mad
   woman. "Damn it, Alice," I hissed, "It's like four in the morning. You better hope Charlie
   doesn't wake up and catch me." Not that I was worried about getting in trouble, but I was
   avoiding having a serious conversation about the lack of sleep I'd gotten this whole week.
   Plus, if Edward got me those sleeping pills like he said, then tonight would be the last night
   I'd have to deal with this bullshit.

   "Don't worry, I checked ahead of time. He's still asleep," Alice's cute voice chimed into my
   ear.

   "Oh, okay. Um, so is everything alright? How's Biloxi?" I asked, shifting awkwardly. "How's
   Biloxi?" Seriously? I'm an idiot.

   "I don't know...I guess it's hard to imagine this is where I grew up," she admitted, her cheerful
   voice tinged with uncertainty. "I thought coming here, seeing it for myself would somehow
   jog my memory. But...there's nothing."

   I thought I heard the sound of crashing waves in the distance and shuddered. "Maybe it's for
   the best."

   "Yeah, maybe," she allowed. "I found everything you said I would find."

   "Already?"

   "Yes. The weather is nice out here, so Jasper and I were only able to do our research at night,
   but it didn't take long. There's not a whole lot to find."

   I hummed, "I see."

   "I went through all the old newspapers on microfiche, but my family wasn't mentioned often.
   My parents' engagement was there, as was Cynthia's. My birth was announced...and my
   death." The ache in her voice was reminiscent of my own. She continued, "I found my grave.
   And I filched the admission sheets from the asylum archives. The date on the admission and
   the date on my tombstone are the same."

   My heart convulsed with empathy. "I'm sorry," I whispered, closing my eyes, briefly
   imagining what my own tombstone might look like, before abruptly shoving the thought
   aside. "Did you meet your niece?"

   Her voice brightened. "No, but I did see her from a distance. She has a whole family―a
   husband, kids, and grandbabies."
"They're your family too," I pointed out.

"No, I don't think so." She said the words slowly, as though for the first time. "My family is
Jasper. It's Edward, and Rose, and Esme, and Carlisle, and Emmett. It's you. You guys are my
family."

Her inclusion of me was unexpected, but not unwelcome.

"You know, it's okay Alice, to have more than one family," I quietly suggested, "It doesn't
mean you love Jasper or the Cullen's any less. It just means you've made more room in your
heart for the people Cynthia left behind. There's nothing wrong with acknowledging them as
your family, even if it is only from afar." The hypocrisy of my words left me unbalanced. But
Charlie and Renée were different―I hadn't gone looking for them, they had been thrusted
upon me. I didn't want to make room for them.

"I...I didn't think about it that way. That's a nice way to see it," she laughed, a cheerful
tinkling sound. "Thank you, Isabella. For everything."

"I'm glad I could help. When are you guys coming home?" I asked, relaxing back against my
pillow.

"Soon. Sunday at the latest," she said thoughtfully. In the following quiet, I heard what
sounded like rushing water. Could I be imagining it?

"Alice, where are you right now?" I asked, warily sitting up.

"After finding the asylum, we came back to Biloxi. I wanted to see it in more detail. We're
currently by the beachfront."

―dark, cold, wet, Ican'tbreathe―

"Ah, I see," I cleared my throat.

"Isabella? Is everything alright?"

"Uh huh. Um, I should probably go now. Charlie will be up soon." A glance towards the
clock revealed that to be true. Oh, good. Alice is the last person I could fool.

"Oh, alright." I pretended not to hear the disappointment in her voice. "I'll see you soon."

"Bye," I whispered and snapped the phone shut.

I collapsed with a frustrated huff. It was just beach waves. I can't believe I freaked over
waves. Damn it.

I didn't get up for a long time after.


Perhaps that should have been a sign that today wouldn't be any easier. If I had realized that, I
would've stayed in bed and called it a day. Instead, I forced myself to get up once I heard
Charlie leave. Everything was routine: Edward picked me up, I attended class, I gossiped
with Jessica, etc.

When lunch rolled around, Edward and I made a detour back to his car. After the fiasco of
sitting with his family on Monday, we'd decided to completely ditch the lunch room for
something more quiet, where curious eyes couldn't dig holes into the back of my head.

Rock music quietly blasted from the stereo and I was working my way through a chicken
wrap Esme had lovingly prepared for me, when I made a crass comment, "If Tyler's van
comes back to finish the job, you better tell Esme it's okay, because her food has already
fulfilled me for a few lifetimes." I snickered and hummed happily as I took another bite.

When Edward didn't answer, I looked over. He had a very peculiar expression that I couldn't
pinpoint. I swallowed my bite and asked, "Hey, you okay?" And when that didn't do the trick,
I waved a hand obnoxiously in front of his face, "Hello? Earth to Ed-weirdo~!" Finally, I
dropped my hand and took another bite. I chewed thoughtfully, quietly wondering why he
suddenly looked so irritated. Maybe I shouldn't have called him Ed-weirdo. It was kind of
funny though.

A few more minutes had passed, when Edward finally turned to me stiffly and asked,
"Isabella, did you know Tyler would lose control of his van that day?"

I froze. Oh shit.

"Um, I have to go to the bathroom," I announced a little too loudly, but by the time I'd
frantically reached for the door handle, the lock had clicked into place.

Edward was stone at my side. "Isabella? You knew?" he hissed.

I placed the last of my food back into the container in my lap, clicked the lid into place, and
tucked it back into the paper lunch bag. I'll come back for you later, chicken wrap, I silently
vowed before setting it aside. Fisting my hands against my knees, I finally confessed, "Yes. I
knew."

Edward pinched the bridge of his nose. "Why?" He didn't elaborate. He didn't need to.

I pressed my lips into a thin line. When I answered, my voice was a quiet rasp, "Two reasons.
First, I couldn't be sure that someone else wouldn't take my place and die as a result.
Second...I didn't mind."

His incredulous laugh was short and rough, heavy with disbelief. "You didn't mind?" A growl
reverberated in his chest.

"No." At the time, I'd thought I was dreaming. Even with knowing the truth now, I still didn't
think I minded. No matter how much I repeated Azmon's words, I couldn't accept them. The
dead should stay dead.

"You want to die?" he whispered, a hopeless little sound.
I took a long, deep breath that expanded my lungs to their capacity, before exhaling heavily.
"No," I said softly, "But...living is hard. I'm not sure I'm cut out for it anymore." I used to be.
But now my body is all wrong and my family is gone and I'm in this strange place.

"I never realized…" he trailed off and it wasn't until he skimmed his fingers across my
cheeks, catching my tears, that I realized I was crying.

"Oh," I gasped, blinking rapidly and dislodging the droplets that'd stuck to my lashes. I
frantically wiped my face, carefully tapping away the wet trails from beneath my eyes.
"Shoot. Did my concealer get messed up?" A look into the mirror revealed that the moisture
hadn't dislodged the creamy product. Knowing Alice, it's probably waterproof.

"It's fine," Edward scoffed, removing his hand. The silence that settled over us was a stifling,
wearisome thing.

I blinked, trying to hold back any remaining tears. "I'm sorry," I apologized. I didn't want a
pity party. But I did feel guilty. Edward had already confessed that he'd tied his life to my
own―something I currently held with little regard. Despite that, I continued to allow him to
grow closer to me. Continued to rely on him. I was like a parasite―such a backwards
exchange when it was my blood that sang to him.

I turned, guided by Edward's glacial palms pressed against my cheeks, long fingers weaving
through my hair. His dark brown eyes blazed fiercely, piercing my own for a split second,
before frosty lips crashed into my own. The ferocity of his kiss was like a balm to my bruised
heart. I gripped his wrists, kissing him with a similar desperation―a desperation to live, to
breathe, to escape the muddy seabed that wrapped me in its embrace every damn night. I
kissed him like he was my lifeline, lips reshaping against his, teeth sinking, tongue tasting
him.

When he wrenched away, I was too dazed to protest, too intoxicated by his sweet flavor on
my tongue. I sunk into the leather seat, catching my breath―but in the best way possible.

In the distance, the bell rang.

When Edward reached over to brush my hair from the disarray he'd left it in, I noticed the
sadness that still lingered in his eyes.


I shouldn't have been surprised when Edward was unwilling to let our earlier encounter go.

It was after school and we'd completed the little homework we had. Edward sat on one end of
the couch while I used his lap as a pillow and lazily flicked through the endless channels on
Charlie's flatscreen. There wasn't anything I wanted to watch, but I was on the verge of
falling asleep and I wanted to save that for tonight. If the sleeping medication Carlisle had
selected for me worked correctly, a full night's sleep awaited me. I was quite giddy about it.

"Isabella?" Edward said. Catching the somberness of his gaze, I muted the TV. Involuntarily,
my eyes flickered shut as his fingers combed through my long hair.
When the silence stretched, I asked, "What is it?"

"Earlier, when you…" he struggled to say and instead asked, "Is there anything I can do?"

I frowned. I'd been hoping he would drop it. But this was Edward―too nosy and rarely
willing to let things go. He's already doing everything by just being here. But I had a feeling
he would find my answer lacking.

A cool thumb traced my brow. "Love? Look at me?"

Fluttering my eyes open, I met his pained gaze. I held back a sigh and sat up. "Let's take a
walk?" I suggested, rubbing my eyes and stifling a yawn.

Quietly, he followed my lead, helping me into my coat before we headed out through the
back porch. My boots sunk into the sodden grass and the mist clung wetly to my hair. As we
crossed the treeline bordering my yard, I dug out my gloves and tugged them on before
reaching out and wrapping my fingers around his. Even with the fabric as a barrier, his cool
temperature seeped into my palm.

"I know!" I suddenly gasped, shattering the bleak silence. "We should go on a date!"

My eager smile did the trick to thaw out Edward's troubled frown. "Truly?"

I rolled my eyes. "What? Can't I ask my own boyfriend out on a date?"

"You may," Edward allowed, features relaxing into a small smile. "But you did reject me the
last few times I asked."

I pursed my lips. "I mean, yeah, but it was different back then." At his inquiring look, I
explained, "Before Azmon showed me the truth, I wasn't planning on sticking around for
long." What I didn't say was that I would've done something drastically stupid, thinking I
needed to break out of whatever had me dreaming in Twilight. "Mind you, I still want to
leave, but it's no longer urgent." If I was in this for the long run, then I didn't want to start off
by becoming a teenage runaway―I enjoyed showers too much.

Edward hummed in thought. "Did you have something specific in mind?"

"Not really," I shrugged, "I'm down for anything."

Edward's smile widened into a crooked grin. "How do you feel about hiking?"

"Oh! Yes, I love hiking," I gladly agreed. "Although, I guess it'll be a little different from
hiking in the desert," I mused, relieved I wouldn't have to worry about snakes and scorpions.

"Would it be too much to ask that you not know where I'm taking you?" Edward asked,
peering down at me curiously.

I belatedly realized he was referring to the meadow. "Oh, uh. Nope. I know nothing."

"You're a lousy liar," he chuckled.
  My smile turned sheepish. "Sorry for ruining your surprise, babe. But, I still want to go!" I
  paused long enough to hop atop the rotting log obstructing our path, finding my balance with
  Edward's help. Tall enough to better gaze into his dark, pretty eyes, another thought occurred
  to me, which I blurted out tactlessly, "Will I get to see you glitter?"

  Edward's features twisted with distaste. "Glitter?" he repeated dryly.

  I snickered. "Well, do you have a better word for it?" I threw my arms around his shoulders,
  lest I lose my footing on the wet, slippery log.

  "I suppose not," he groused.

  I laughed, "It's a date!"



Chapter End Notes



    Sorry if the chapter was rough. Didn't really feel like my best work. Anyway, next up is
    their hike to the meadow, so look forward to that!

    Hope y'all liked the chapter. Let me know your thoughts. I'll be sure to update soon!
                                       Chapter 18: Time for Murder
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Up until this point, I hadn't questioned whether I was bound to the rules of the book. If I was
   supposed to be the main character, why the hell shouldn't I get to choose the direction of the
   story? Was that seriously too much to ask for?! But no. Apparently, making plans to
   circumvent future events resulted in those shitty plot points coming to find me.

   But, let me start from the beginning.

   It was a cloudy Saturday morning and Charlie had decided to not go fishing. Instead, we sat
   at the kitchen table awaiting Edward's arrival.

   "That'll be him," I informed him at the sound of the doorbell. I stood to my feet and headed
   down the hall, Charlie at my heels.

   For once, I felt the pang of my physical age, as Charlie leaned over my shoulder to greet
   Edward at the door, "You must be Edward. Come in."

   No wonder teenagers are always so surly, I mentally grimaced, stepping aside for Edward to
   join us in the living room, a prickling of irritation burning in my chest. The flash of
   resentment must've bled into my expression, because Edward shot me a concerned glance.

   Nonetheless, Edward greeted Charlie politely, "Thank you, Chief Swan."

   "Go ahead and call me Charlie. Take a seat, Edward," he replied, voice gruff. Holding back a
   resigned sigh, I plopped on the sofa beside Charlie while mentally berating myself. It was
   moments like these when Charlie resembled my dad so much that it physically hurt. But I
   couldn't be so unfair towards him―he'd lost a daughter too, even if he didn't know it.

   "So, I hear you're taking my girl hiking?" Charlie's expression was dubious. It was such
   reminders that made me doubt Azmon's insistence that there was no Bella. There must've
   been, because I sure as hell have never been clumsy to the point of injury.

   "Yes, sir, that's the plan," Edward confirmed.

   "Well, more power to you then," Charlie laughed.

   Although Charlie didn't notice, I caught the small hesitation in Edward's expression before he
   joined Charlie with a false chuckle of his own.

   I abruptly stood to my feet. "I think we should get going." Charlie may have come to slowly
   accept me as Bella over the past few weeks, but there were some things that could still easily
   tip him off. Better not risk it.
They followed me out into the hall. The weather was supposed to remain cloudy but dry for
the rest of the morning, so I didn't bother with my coat.

"You take care of my girl, alright?" Charlie tacked on as we exited the house.

"She'll be safe with me, I promise, sir."

Charlie lingered by the door, and as I plodded across the driveway, I turned back long enough
to shoot him a reassuring grin, "Later, chief!" Of course, Edward overtook my steps in time
to open the passenger door on my behalf. I flashed him a quick smile before dropping into
my seat.

A few minutes into the drive, Edward tossed me a cautious glance and carefully stated, "You
don't like your father."

My eyebrows shot up in surprise and I quickly shook my head. "Actually, Charlie's really
great."

Edward frowned. "But...you don't view him as a father-figure?"

I shifted uncomfortably. "No. Charlie and Renée mean well, but no," I disclosed. "But," I
heaved a sigh, "Let's leave that conversation for another time." I clasped my hands together,
eager, "How soon will we be there?"

His demeanor eased. Reaching over to tangle his fingers with mine, he said, "Not long. A few
minutes at most."

Going by the speedometer, I didn't doubt it.

"You did a lot of hiking in Arizona?" There was a cautious note to his voice.

I bobbed my head. "Uh huh! My friend and I would bring a portable speaker to play
adventure music, and we'd go off trail and climb rocks. We liked to pretend we were
explorers."

Edward burst into delighted laughter. "I would've brought a speaker if I'd known."

"No," I waved him off, "This is my first time hiking in the forest, so it's already exciting
enough."

I sat up when I saw him merging out of the freeway. We took a lone road for another few
minutes before the pavement suddenly ended. Despite my impatience, I wasn't quick enough
to open the door myself.

I jumped out, feet sinking into the damp grass as I gazed up at the imposing woods. "Wait," I
frowned, turning to Edward as he shut my door. "We're not taking a trail," I recalled.

Edward shot me an amused smile. "What happened to going off trail and exploring?"
I huffed. "Not for miles though. I just liked climbing the boulders off the mountain trails, but
it's not exactly safe." Trails existed for a reason. Although I'd never gotten myself injured
going off trail, there had definitely been a few close calls. "Once, I almost took a header over
a cliff," I faintly recalled.

Edward's expression became alarmed.

"It's fine," I laughed sheepishly, "Ryan yanked me back before I could slip off." If this is his
reaction to one of my many near-death experiences, I can't imagine he'll be too happy when
he finds out I actually died.

"Ah," Edward nodded, momentarily relieved as though I weren't standing right in front of
him. Then, he frowned and prompted, "Ryan?"

I nodded, gesturing for him to lead the way, which started off relatively flat. It almost felt like
a casual stroll through the woods, rather than a hike. I swung our hands back and forth,
contemplating Edward's peeved expression. Is it...jealousy? The thought was so silly, I
wanted to laugh. Instead, I explained, "Yeah. My friend Ryan and I used to do a lot of
outdoorsy stuff before he started dating my best friend, Mia."

His shoulders relaxed, expression pacified. "I see. When was the last time you went hiking?"

I scrunched my brow, trying to recall. "Um, not for a while. It was either with Aaron or
Kennedy. After Ryan stopped being my go-to, I coerced different friends to go with me, but it
wasn't as fun. They usually gave up after two miles of uphill hiking."

Edward chuckled, holding my hand up, helping my balance as I climbed over a moss-covered
boulder. "I'm sure you'll be pleased to know we have five more miles to go."

I waved my other hand in a so-and-so motion. "Not necessarily," I frowned. "It was after the
first two miles that the trail petered out. It slanted up and down around the mountain, so we
got a break before we jumped onto another mountain trail. Five miles up? I don't know if I'll
make it," I chuckled nervously.

Edward tilted his head in contemplation, observing as our path began to slant upwards.
Pushing a web of moss aside, he pulled me forward and said, "It will teeter between uphill
and flat ground, so you should be fine." His lips curled into a sharp smirk. "I can always carry
you otherwise."

"Don't sound so eager," I laughed, jumping atop a fallen tree.

We trekked through the ancient, green maze, our laughter echoing in the otherwise eerie
silence. Edward asked me question after question, having learned that I would easily answer
as long as he avoided any questions regarding Renée and my family life. I only had to skirt
around the fact that all my friends were in their twenties, not their teens―which was easier
than I'd imagined.

And then he asked something that had me stumbling over a slippery patch of moss. "Do you
miss your friends?"
My voice constricted, a simmering ache at the base of my throat. So I nodded instead.

"Do you plan to go back to them?"

I heaved a shuddering sigh. "No, I can't." I flashed him a strained smile and, despite the
curiosity burning in his gaze, he dropped it.

We drifted into silence. It was when I'd jumped atop a decaying log with a delighted grin, that
Edward tilted his head up at me and wondered, "Why did your father appear so sceptical of
your ability to hike? Does he not know you do this often?"

My smile turned weak as I shook my head. "He thinks I'm clumsy."

Edward's features twisted with bewilderment. "Why?"

I pursed my lips. "I think we need a safe word."

"A safe word?" he repeated with a confused chuckle.

"Uh huh," I nodded, hopping off the log and continuing onwards. "Some stuff is hard to
explain without telling you the truth." I swallowed thickly, fingers rubbing my throat. "And
the truth is wretched."

Edward nodded, eyes softening. "Alright," he agreed.

I tapped a finger to my chin in thought, as Edward pushed aside a mass of wet ferns blocking
our way. "I got it!" I exclaimed with a snap of my finger, "Obliviate!"

His brow furrowed as he turned to peer down at me. "I'm certain that's not a word, Isabella."

"I know that," I sniffed, insulted he would question my intelligence. At his gesture, we
stepped forward before he allowed the ferns to spring back into place with a wet smack. "It's
a memory charm. It's supposed to be able to delete specific memories from a victim."

Edward cocked his head, penny copper locks falling into his eyes. "You're into witchcraft?"

I came to an abrupt halt and swept my arms up with an exasperated huff. Tilting my gaze
towards the heavens, I prayed, "Dear Lord, bless this clueless child with some pop culture
knowledge."

Edward tugged at my ponytail until I met his disgruntled gaze. "You could just explain."

I snickered. "Sorry, sorry. It's just a reference to the Harry Potter series."

"Ah. Yes, I think I've heard of that," he nodded.

I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. "Yikes, Edward, you're worse than Captain America after
he came out of the ice."

"You're into comics?" His eyebrows shot up with surprise.
"Uh," I stammered and then dramatically responded with, "Obliviate!" I've got years before I
can watch those movies, damn it. Maybe I will start reading the comics.

"It's not very accurate," he huffed, leading me up a slippery patch of rock, "I'm not going to
forget the question―just save it for later."

"There's not a spell for that, Edward. Just roll with it," I pouted.

"I don't know. I find the lack of accuracy bothersome," he shot me a teasing grin.

I scoffed. "I could change it from a charm to a curse."

"Do your worse," he laughed.

I narrowed my eyes up at him and then grinned. "Fine. Then we'll go with confringo."

Edward's eyebrows quirked up. "Okay...what's that supposed to do?"

"Explodes flames on the victim," I explained blithely. Despite his already corpse-pale
countenance, he somehow became gray with dread.

"That's not your secret, is it?" he hedged.

It took me a second to realize he thought I might be a witch. I burst into laughter, and I had to
pause to clutch my stomach. "Uh, no, Edward," I huffed, wiping the tears from my eyes,
"That's not it at all. I mean, I wish. But no."

He nodded unsurely. "Um, can we go back to obliviate?"

I patted his arm. "Yes, that's what I thought."

We continued like so, for yet another hour, before we finally came across his meadow. With
an awed gaze, I stepped into the perfectly round expanse of deep jade grass. Wild flowers
sprung in colorful patches of white, yellow, and violet. I twirled as I plodded forward, taking
it in with impressed eyes. "It's stunning," I gasped. It was right out of a fairytale storybook.
And, admittedly, I was a bit of a sap for nature. When Edward finally followed after me with
an easy gait, I needled him, "Too bad it's not sunny."

"Next time," he shrugged, coming to halt before me.

I tilted my head up at him. "Glittery skin and your very own fairy ring?" I asked, gesturing
towards the circle of flowers. "Are you sure you're a vampire?" I teased him.

He chuckled, "Unfortunately."

Today, his eyes gleamed pale butterscotch. The burst of affection that swelled in my chest
when he locked eyes with mine, staggered me, and I had to cast my gaze down. It's why I
didn't immediately notice the way his whole body became taut like a violin string. Not until
he hissed, "We have to go."
My head shot up, but he'd already grasped my arms and tossed me onto his back. My head
spun, but he hadn't taken a step forward, before we were surrounded by a trio of red-eyed
vampires.

It was the familiar sight of Victoria's flaming red curls that clued me in on which nomadic
coven decided to drop in on us. The two males were unfamiliar to my eyes, but I could guess.
One was olive-toned, with glossy black hair cropped short―Laurent. And James―short
brown hair and vigilant, burgundy eyes. They wore hiking attire, old and worn, and their feet
were bare, caked with mud.

The way they circled us with a cat-like gait and amused smiles wide enough to expose
brilliant white teeth, reminded me of the hyenas from The Lion King.

"We thought we smelled something delectable," Victoria sneered, eyes hungrily flashing over
me. "We can take her off your hands if you're not thirsty."

The rumble of Edward's thunderous snarl resounded through me. I tightened my grip around
him, arms locking across his neck.

Laurent held up a palm. "Victoria, peace. It appears this meal has already been claimed."

Victoria's face twisted with disdain. It was James who wondered with an amused tilt of his
lips, "A meal? Is that what she is to you?"

When Edward didn't confirm, they burst into varying sounds of laughter. Even Laurent, who I
had hoped would maintain peace, didn't seem all that bothered. Guess he's not so cowardly
when he's not the one who's outnumbered, I mentally sneered.

"A pet?" Victoria mocked, voice shrill. "How trite. Let us seize her lest she be wasted on
you."

In a flash too quick for my eyes to keep track of, they pounced.

I was forced to tighten my legs around Edward's torso of my own accord when he released
me and shot up in a dizzying burst, catapulting across the treetops, and pushing off of a tree
the moment he began to descend. Behind us, I heard the thunderous crack of a trunk hitting
the forest ground.

Red flashed in my peripherals and I gasped, "Faster!"

Edward didn't need to be told twice.

He streaked through the forest in a dizzying pattern, zig-zagging, taking sharp turns, and
swinging from tree branches in rapid-fire twists worse than any rollercoaster. My ponytail
smacked painfully against my cheek, and my face tightened with windburn, eyes drying
painfully. My heart hammered so loudly against my ribcage, I thought it would burst. Around
me, the trees flew by at deadly speeds.

And still, a small turn of my head revealed their relentless pursuit.
An idea occurred to me, but my arms were frozen in terror, locked in a vice grip around
Edward, and my breathing had turned ragged.

Beneath me, Edward vaulted, somersaulting midair, gracefully avoiding a grab from Victoria.
My stomach dropped.

"You may be fast, but you're outnumbered! She can't be that special," Victoria cackled behind
us.

"He can't run forever," Laurent reassured her with a throaty chuckle.

"Damn it all," Edward cursed. It was the fear in his voice that incited me to act. Tightening
my left arm around him, I painstakingly unlocked my other arm, until it completely slid off.

"Isabella?!" Edward demanded, launching off yet another tree, which splintered and crashed
soon after.

"Don't drop me," I shrieked as my right hand fell. Miraculously, I found my cellphone still
wedged deep in my back pocket. Fuckfuckfuck, don't drop it! My hand shook uncontrollably,
but I managed to curl my fingers around the small device. Once I pulled it out, I tucked my
elbow in, bringing the phone close to my face, but I made no move to flip it open.

Instead, I took stock of the pursuing nomads. James had fallen back. Victoria and Laurent
streaked closer, flanking Edward on either side. Despite their effort, they couldn't seem to
catch up to him. Everything was too blurred for me to make out anything beyond that.

Reassured that we still had a chance, I shakily tucked my hand between my chest and
Edward's shoulder, lest the phone fly from my weak grip. Digging my thumb into its side, I
managed to flip open the screen, but it shook so much I wasn't sure who I ended up calling.

Please let it be Emmett, I prayed, pressing the phone into my ear with a terrified shriek as
Edward spun beneath me and dived sharply from Laurent's assault. The ringing of the phone
was weak against the wind whistling in my ear.

"Hello?" The alluring voice was unmistakable.

"Rosalie!" I cried into the phone, "You have to help us―"

To my horror, the device was ripped from my grasp. It took another second for me to realize
that it was Edward who'd taken the phone, hissing into the microphone so rapidly, I couldn't
track his words.

"Look out!" I shouted the moment Victoria's vivid red hair closed in on our right,
immediately wrapping my right arm back around him.

Edward instantly spun away, eluding her grasp, and swung from another tree. We flew,
somehow evading every sharp branch, until a boulder cracked beneath his feet as he launched
himself, this time across the bank of a river. Edward continued to weave in and out, branches
snapping beneath his feet, whole trees collapsing, and bedrock fracturing as he eluded every
ambush from Victoria and Laurent.
  We continued like so, streaking through the forest with dizzying force as they gave chase,
  until we suddenly broke out from the cover of the trees, blazing across an empty field, before
  Edward abruptly spun back around and came to a sharp halt

  For one, terrifying moment, I expected the nomads to pounce on us.

  But no―in front of us, another trio of vampires shielded us. Emmett's massive figure was
  comforting. On either side of him, stood Garrett and Rosalie.

  "Oh, you messed with the wrong coven," Emmett laughed gleefully, right before he launched
  himself forward.



Chapter End Notes



    Oops. My finger slipped.

    Dedicated to brainless19 who I know has been craving some action. Enjoy it for what it
    is because I'm not sure I'll be writing much more action any time soon! x)

    Anyway, I hope everyone enjoyed this! Haha I'll try not to keep y'all waiting for too
    long! xD
                            Chapter 19: Mama Just Killed a Man
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It was Garrett who turned the odds in our favor. With Alice and Jasper in Biloxi, and Esme
   and Carlisle still nowhere in sight, Emmett, Rosalie, and Garrett were able to take on the
   nomads. Emmett tore across the field before anyone could say a word, bulldozing right into
   James' smaller figure.

   "James!" Victoria shrieked, but was tossed down by Rosalie before she could come to his
   rescue.

   Laurent, the coward, held his hands up in a placating gesture. But Garrett's friendly demeanor
   was nowhere in sight. The two danced over the terrain in a blur, fists swinging, teeth bared,
   and snarls resounding throughout the field.

   In a split second, Edward leaped back, avoiding a mangled limb tearing through the grass,
   launched from the direction of Emmett and James.

   "Isabella, hold on," Edward hissed, flashing back towards the forest behind us. Quicker than
   my eyes could keep track of, he jumped up and ripped branch after branch from the
   surrounding trees, before dropping down and racing back, dumping the pile where James'
   arm was dragging itself through the dirt. He arranged the branches in time for Carlisle and
   Esme to arrive.

   On the other side of the field, Victoria evaded Rosalie's grasp. "She's getting away," I
   seethed. I swear, if I have to deal with a damn newborn army―

   "I don't think so," Edward snarled, unlocking my arms and tossing me into Carlisle's grasp
   before he blazed through the field, cutting across Victoria's path.

   Beside us, Esme hissed, "Take care of her, Carlisle." And then, she also became a blur, until
   she reappeared beside Garrett and ganged up on Laurent.

   "Go to her," I said when I caught Carlisle's conflicted gaze.

   "No. You're our priority," he immediately assured me, gently setting me down onto the grass.
   "Are you injured?"

   "Uh, no. Maybe you should take care of that first," I stammered, pointing towards the
   multiple limbs Emmett had launched near the pile of branches, where they were trying to
   piece themselves together like a macabre jigsaw puzzle.

   "Of course," Carlisle agreed, but kept an eye on me while he lit a lighter and tossed it into the
   branches. As soon as the fire caught, he blurred around the grass, tossing in limb after limb. I
coughed as a plumb of deep, purple smoke burst from the fire, the cloying scent so
overpowering, I grew dizzy once more.

Emmett appeared at my side with a triumphant grin, holding up James' decapitated head in
one hand, and his torso in the other, before launching both of them into the fire, causing the
flames to roar and the smoke to thicken. My wheezing cough caught his attention and he
swiftly picked me up, placing me a safer distance away. "Where's Rose?"

When I glanced up, I realized that her, as well as Edward and Victoria had disappeared. I
frantically gestured towards the treeline way on the other side. "They're after Victoria. She
has a gift of evasion."

"Gift or no, she's dead," Emmett grinned wickedly and vanished from my side.

When I turned to check on Laurent's status, I was shocked to catch sight of Garrett holding
him back by his arms while Esme tore his head with a sharp crack.

I can't believe I was worried about her―she's fuckin' terrifying.

Within a few seconds, Esme and Garrett joined us, tossing Laurent's remains into the fire.
Immediately after, Esme was crouching at my side, her lovely face twisted with concern.
"Sweetheart, are you alright?"

I nodded, my smile shaky. "As alright as can be," I laughed nervously, before whispering, "I
think I'm in shock."

In a split second, Carlisle was on my other side. "Lay her down," he quickly instructed.
Before I knew it, my head had sunk into the damp grass, and my legs were elevated across
Esme's lap.

"It's okay, I'm okay," I tried to reassure them, but Carlisle hushed me, ordering me to focus on
my breathing.

I closed my eyes, allowing my chest to expand fully for the first time. I tried to breathe in as
much as possible, but Carlisle halted me and told me to slow down. It was hard to get a good
rhythm going, but once I did, the nauseous feeling subsided. Even then, my hands still
trembled and my heart stuttered in my ribcage.

"Isabella?! What's wrong with her?!" Edward's voice cut across Esme's soothing
reassurances.

I fluttered my eyes open to find him kneeling at my side, a cool palm pressed against my
forehead. "Did you get her?" I asked, despair creeping its way into my chest.

"We did," he assured me.

I gaped and then threw my hands across my face, hysterical laughter bubbling from my
throat. "Oh, thank God," I gasped.

"Love?"
I lowered my hands and met his concerned gaze. "Help me sit up?"

Once Carlisle gave him the go-ahead, Edward slipped an arm beneath my shoulders and
pulled me up until I sat, leaning into his side. For a brief moment, I caught a glimpse of
brilliant red curls, before they were completely obscured by the heavy smoke, and the weight
in my chest dispersed. "How did you catch her?" I wondered, faintly recalling the way she'd
effortlessly evaded both the Cullen's and the wolf pack in the story.

"We almost didn't," Edward confessed, brow pinched.

"It was all thanks to me, of course!" Emmett boasted, turning towards us with a broad grin.

Beside him, Rosalie was removing the leaves and twigs tangled in her hair with a disgruntled
frown. "I think that man Emmett was fighting was her mate. The moment Emmett showed
up, she hesitated. That's when I grabbed her."

"Yes, he was," I confirmed. "She must've ran before she saw Emmett decapitate him." I
shuddered. The visceral image of James' butchered limbs wouldn't be leaving me any time
soon.

Rosalie's gaze snapped towards me. "This is the coven you foresaw? I thought they weren't
supposed to cross through for another month."

I shook my head. "No, I said the confrontation wouldn't happen for another month." I heaved
a sigh and pinched the bridge of my nose. "Edward and I weren't supposed to be at the
meadow today, which is why I didn't know they'd catch my scent."

"Hey, it's fine with me," Emmett cheered, "You're my new favorite sister! When's the next
fight?"

Rosalie smacked his arm, the resulting sound not unlike the thunderous clap of boulders
colliding. But it did nothing to diminish his eager expression.

I pursed my lips. "Unless you want the Volturi or the wolf pack on your doorstep, then I
wouldn't count on any more fights Emmett."

Somehow, his grin widened. "Oh, hell yeah."

Carlisle thankfully intervened, joining us and snapping his phone shut. "Jasper and Alice are
on the next flight back. And no, Emmett. We are not breaking the treaty, and we are not
getting involved with the Volturi."

"Aw, dad," he complained, looking like a petulant teenager rather than a grown man.

"Emmett," Esme warned, still sitting beside me, before turning to me again, "Do you foresee
any more trouble, honey? You can be honest. We'll protect you."

I smiled at her. "Not necessarily. I am sorry about this, though. I would've spoken up sooner
if I had realized they were already in the vicinity."
"Not necessarily?" Rosalie repeated flatly.

I faltered, thoughts straying towards the events of New Moon. Fortunately, Carlisle stepped
in. "I'd rather we wait for Jasper and Alice before we ask more questions. Is tomorrow
adequate for you?"

"Yeah, that's perfect. It'll give me some time to gather my thoughts," I agreed, solaced by the
offered reprieve.

"You can ask her," Edward suddenly spoke up, snapping his gaze towards the figure standing
back, near the crackling fire and billowing smoke.

If Garrett was startled by Edward picking at his thoughts, he didn't show it. Instead, he
cautiously joined our little circle, standing furthest from me.

"Thank you, Edward," he offered before turning curious, red eyes towards me. "I've been
hearing very interesting stories about you. Isabella, was it?"

I grimaced. "That's me," I lied.

He clicked his tongue and tilted his head, expression thoughtful. "You recognized me that day
in Seattle. What do you know of my future?"

"Um, nothing really," I shrugged, shifting through the events of the last book, before settling
on, "Unless you're interested in joining your mate?"

Garratt gaped, and then chuckled. "Amazing," he marveled, rubbing at his chin. "It's not the
adventure I was looking for, but how can I say no? Where to, miss?"

"Carlisle can probably give you better directions," I shrugged. "She's up north, with the
Denali coven."

"Oh damn, is it Tanya?" Emmett's boisterous laugh resounded.

Carlisle took a moment to give Garrett a quick run-down on the members of the Denali
coven. When they all turned towards me expectantly, I met Garrett's eyes once more and said,
"I could tell you who she is. Or, you could figure it out."

"Oh! I like you!" Garrett chortled. "Yes, yes. I think I'd like to figure it out for myself."

While Garrett and Carlisle exchanged their goodbyes, Edward looked to me with a fond
smile. "You're incredible."

I snorted. More like a liar. "Thanks, babe," I said, shifting over to stand. Grasping my
forearms in his cold grip, Edward pulled me up. Fortunately, I was no longer trembling like a
leaf. I groaned. "Shit. I'm going to feel that in the morning," I grumbled, rubbing at my sore
back. Everything hurt. Clutching onto Edward's stone body for dear life had strained every
ligament and muscle in my body.

"What's wrong?" Edward fretted, hands hovering over me.
"Nothing," I reassured him, rolling my shoulders back and rotating my neck experimentally.
"The chase through the forest put my body under strain. It was worse than being jerked
around by a rollercoaster, I tell you."

"Carlisle?" Edward inquired.

Turning from Garrett, he suggested, "An ice bath should help relieve your sore muscles."

"Oh, let me take care of that, sweetheart," Esme jumped in, also fretting by my side. "Bring
her back to the house, Edward, and I'll have it ready."

Before I could finish my protest, she vanished from my side in a blur of white. "You don't
need to...do that," I finished belatedly.

Edward chuckled. "Let her take her care of you," he asked, words mumbled against the top of
my head.

"It was a pleasure to meet you all," Garrett flashed the rest of us a smile, and directed his
parting words towards me, "Thank you for your guidance, Isabella."

He too, disappeared. Emmett shouted after him, "Don't forget the wedding invites!" He then
turned back to me, "It's Tanya. Definitely. Who wants to bet against me?" He looked
expectantly between Rosalie and Edward.

Rosalie pursed her lips in thought, settling on, "Kate."

"Irina?" Edward didn't sound so sure. I ignored the twinge of remorse, briefly recalling her
relationship with Laurent. She deserves better than that coward.

When their eyes fell on me, I shrugged, "Rosalie's got it in the bag."

Her triumphant beam was so breathtaking, Emmett didn't pout for long.

"You're going back?" Edward looked to Carlisle.

"Yes, there's still work to be done. I expect there's no more trouble brewing?"

I sent him a sheepish thumbs-up. "Nope. You're all good to go, doc. Sorry about that."

"We'll continue our hunt nearby, just in case," Emmett offered. Rosalie nodded in agreement.

"Thank you." I knew with a pang of regret, that my words were insufficient

"Don't sweat it, sis! You're part of the family now!" Emmett grinned, before he and Rosalie
vanished.

"Yes. You are very important to us, Isabella," Carlisle agreed, voice thick with sincerity,
before vanishing as well.

And then, it was just me, Edward, and a pile of ashes.
Fuck. What do I say after that shitastrophy?

"Sorry I ruined our date."

Edward quirked an eyebrow and then scowled. "Isabella, you are absurd."

I wrinkled my nose. "Yeah, yeah. Let's go. Esme is waiting."

Fortunately for my aching muscles, I didn't have to cling to his back again. Instead, he
cradled me in his arms before taking off.


"Ow ow ow, crap," I hissed, sinking into the frigid water, a mass of ice cubes bobbing and
shifting around me as I settled into the wide, porcelain bathtub with a pained groan. I tried to
relax, but the water was so cold, my skin burned with discomfort.

I held back a whimper, knowing Edward and Esme could hear every one of my complaints.
Instead, I grit my teeth and slumped further down until my chin dipped into the water. I'd
wrapped my hair into a loose bun and it cushioned my head against the lip of the tub. Suck it
up, buttercup!

With a huff, I pointedly turned my thoughts from the scalding ice, and focused on relaxing.
Just knowing that James' coven was no longer a threat was a huge weight of my shoulders,
even if I was a bit miffed that they had to be an issue at all. In the book, they met the Cullen's
by pure chance. But when I made plans to avoid them, they happened to "coincidentally"
come across Edward and I? I call bullshit. What kind of fate fuckery is this?

The thought was nerve wracking. If I happened to stay with Edward, I wanted it to be by
choice, not because someone out there decided I would stay with him.

On the bright side―no vengeful Irina and no newborn army.

The Volturi's involvement was questionable. It was Edward's suicide attempt that had
knocked over that particular set of dominos. But even if Edward didn't go that route, there
was always the chance that someone would report my involvement with the Cullen's.

Aw poo. This is too stressful to think about.

I think I endured about fifteen minutes in the tub, before I gave up and extracted myself from
the glacial bath. Shivering, I wrapped myself in a fluffy towel, damp feet sinking into the soft
rug. Esme had been kind enough to let me borrow a pair of comfy sweats and matching
sweatshirt.

I quickly dried myself off and changed into the warm, dry clothes with a relieved sigh. As
soon as I gathered my earlier attire and padded out into the hall, Esme appeared at my side,
taking the clothes from my arms.

"I'll put these through the wash, dear," Esme said, smile sweet as ever. "Go on over to
Edward's room. I left something there for you." She pecked my cheek and vanished once
more.
Knowing she would hear me, I said with an affectionate smile, "Thank you, Esme."

I padded over to Edward's room down the hall. He sat on the sleek couch, a book in hand.
Next to him was a tray of food.

"From Esme?" I asked, plopping down on the thick carpet beside the couch, using it as a
makeshift table.

"Yes," Edward answered, snapping his book shut. "How are you feeling?"

Blowing on a spoonful of hot broccoli cheddar soup, I shrugged and said, "Shaken, but
mostly relieved. Let's just say we avoided a greater disaster. Emmett will be disappointed."
Pressing the warm spoonful into my mouth, I hummed happily and swallowed. "Delicious as
ever, Esme!"

Edward chuckled, "She says thank you."

I smiled and continued to eat, the warm soup thawing the tremors in my chest. "What were
you reading?"

"Hm?" Edward picked up the book and passed it over. "It's called The Great Divorce. It's
about a man who finds himself in purgatory and makes the journey up to heaven."

"Wow," I whispered, thumbing the pages of the small book. Bit of a different perspective
when you've already died. "Can I borrow it?"

"Of course," Edward said.

I ate the rest of my food in comfortable silence, watching the gentle drizzle of rain tapping
against the glass wall behind the couch. My thoughts drifted back to events of this morning,
and I couldn't help but wonder what would've happened in the meadow, if James' coven
hadn't found us. The longer I stayed with Edward the more my affections for him grew,
straining against my chest in a mass of simmering emotions that threatened to consume me if
I allowed them to. And I knew―he cared more for me than I did for him. Not because I was
incapable of loving him to the same depths, but because I wouldn't allow myself the
vulnerability. I wasn't stupid―I suddenly hadn't forgotten the events of New Moon.

Mostly, I was waiting for the other shoe to drop.

As soon as I set my spoon down, the tray vanished before me, Edward along with it. In the
next second, he reappeared and was met with my unamused gaze.

"Was that really necessary? I can take it down myself," I frowned.

He tweaked my nose. "Too slow."

"Ugh, whatever," I wrinkled my nose, batting his hand away. "But thanks." Unfolding my
aching limbs from beneath me with a wince, I stood and plopped myself down on the couch
beside him, leaning back and sliding towards him, until my cheek smooshed against his cold
arm.
  "You're welcome," he murmured, reaching over and brushing aside the tangled strands of hair
  escaping my bun. "Do you want to do anything else today?"

  "No," I mumbled against his arm, "Everything hurts and I'm sleepy." Tomorrow, I would have
  questions to answer, but for now, I wanted to forget it all.

  "Get some rest."

  The last thing I remember was the weight of a fuzzy blanket falling on me before I drifted
  off.



Chapter End Notes



    Hopefully y'all aren't disappointed. I just didn't feel like rehashing the whole Victoria
    thing. So, I got rid of them lmao. Will there be another antagonist? Sure. Not for a bit
    though.

    Let me know if there's anything specific you want Isabella to reveal!

    P.S. Garrett will be back :)
           Chapter 20: The Good, the Bad, and the Okay I Guess
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Sunday morning, I joined the Cullen's once more. This time with an old, unused leather
   journal, which I'd found amongst Bella's things, tucked under my arm. The list of bulleted
   points I made would mean nothing to foreign eyes―half finished thoughts, random names
   and dates, and little reminders that had no cohesive progression, but made complete sense to
   me. I wasn't about to sit down and rewrite the damn books, so I stuck to stuff I knew I was
   likely to forget.

   Edward had barely helped me out of the car, when Alice materialized at my side and wrapped
   her paper-thin arms around me. "Isabella! I'm so sorry! There were so many last-second
   decisions involved, I didn't have time to warn anyone," she cried.

   I patted her small back. "Don't beat yourself up about it. None of us knew."

   "But it's my job to know," she pulled back with a pout.

   I shrugged. "Win some, lose some. Seriously, Alice. If it makes you feel better, I forgive you
   one hundred percent. Now quit moping."

   "Oh, alright," she huffed, entwining her arm with mine and leading me up the porch steps,
   Edward a step behind us. "You have a lot of explaining to do, missy. What's this I hear of
   more trouble?"

   I rolled my eyes as we stepped inside. "You've been talking to Rosalie?"

   "Well, someone has to ask the questions," Rosalie sniffed delicately, descending the winding
   staircase, Emmett following close behind.

   "So! Where's the fight?" Emmett's boisterous laugh echoed in the open room.

   "Give it a rest, Emmett," Edward halted beside me, wrapping his hand around my own.
   "You had your moment."

   "Well, little sis?" Emmett turned to me, "What is it? Lay it on us!"

   "Emmett, don't be rude," Esme's chiming voice scolded him, as she and Carlisle joined us.
   "Dear, are you hungry? I can make you some breakfast."

   "Oh, no. I'm not hungry, but thank you, Esme!" I shook my head before she could disappear
   and whip up some food regardless of my protests.

   "Good morning, Isabella," Carlisle greeted me, "We normally conduct our family meetings in
   the dining room, if you wouldn't mind joining us there."
"Sure thing," I nodded and followed along as everyone converged towards the dining room at
a slow, human pace. I had to bite back a crass joke about me being dinner, and instead took a
seat between Edward and Alice. Esme, Emmett and Rosalie sat across from us, and Carlisle
took his place at the head of the table. I belatedly noticed Jasper standing in one corner of the
room, keeping his distance.

"Now can you explain?" Rosalie demanded, a scowl pulling at her lips.

When Carlisle gestured for me to go ahead, I fiddled with the journal on my lap, and
admitted, "Honestly? The Volturi don't have to be involved. It's technically up to Edward."

"Ooh. Eddie, what'd you do this time?" Emmett teased him.

Edward shot him an irked glare. "If you'd quit interrupting, maybe we'd already know."

"Boys," Esme warned, and offered me an encouraging smile, "Go on, honey. Take your
time."

"Thanks," I smiled at her gratefully and took a deep breath. "So, it all starts during a birthday
party Alice decides to throw on my behalf…"

I carefully summarized the events of that night and their consequent departure.

The resulting silence is tense for many different reasons―some of which I can deduce, going
by Edward's pained features and Jasper's flat expression. Although Alice disappears from my
side, she doesn't say anything, simply standing before Jasper, clasping his hands in her tiny
ones.

It's Rosalie who breaks the silence. "Perhaps, it's for the best."

Before anyone can come to my defense, I agree, "Perhaps."

"Isabella, what does this have to do with the Volturi?" Carlisle inquired, expression twisted
with concern.

"During the time you're gone, I end up getting involved with the werewolves down in the
reservation," I explained, still feeling odd that I was referring to myself as Bella. But it
couldn't be helped. Not unless I wanted to sound crazier than I already did by revealing the
fact that I once viewed them as storybook characters.

"What?" Edward hissed, snapping his gaze towards me.

I lifted my shoulders in a helpless gesture. "In this future, only James was killed. Victoria is
looking for revenge and Laurent feels that he owes her. Fortunately, the pack is around to
rebuff them. But, they're Alice's blind spot."

"Blind spot?" Alice nearly screeched, turning towards me from beside Jasper with a horrified
face.
"You can't see their future," I explained, "You're blind to them, and as result, blind to me
whenever I'm near them."

I gave everyone a few moments to digest this, knowing they heavily relied on Alice's abilities
to keep their family safe. Once Carlisle made a gesture for me to continue, I said, "There's an
incident where I go cliff diving with one of them. Alice only sees the part where I go in, but I
disappear to her before I come out. She takes this to assume that I have committed suicide,
and succeeded."

"Ah," Edward murmured stiffly beside me, "I understand."

"I don't," Emmett frowned, folding his massive arms across his chest.

"It means," I heaved a sigh, "That in Edward's effort to commit suicide along with me, he
goes to the Volturi. And Aro reads his every thought." I slowly looked around the room,
meeting every pair of golden eyes, "Meaning he discovers everything about your family. And
he comes to covet not only Edward's gifts, but Alice's gifts as well."

"Perhaps you misunderstand," Carlisle carefully interjected, "Aro is a friend. He would never
force anyone to join the guard. It is meant to be an honor."

I grimaced. "Unfortunately, you're wrong. He has a history of finding faults within covens of
gifted vampires, and using those faults to destroy whole covens, save for the single gifted
vampire he desires, offering them an alternative. To die for breaking the law, or to join the
guard."

I was met with a stunned silence. "If you don't believe me, speak with your friend Eleazar," I
told Carlisle, "He served in the guard due to his ability of sensing the gifts in others. It's
likely he was the one Aro consulted in these circumstances."

"And of course," I continued, "When Alice and I go to Italy to show Edward I'm not dead,
Aro discovers my existence as well." I slumped back against my chair, "So, there you have
it."

"Whoa, wait," Emmett waved a hand, "Back up. What does he do about the fact that we
broke the law?"

"Huh? Oh, nothing. Since Edward is unwilling, Alice makes the promise to turn me in order
to keep your compliance with the law. He's too enthralled with Edward and Alice's abilities to
think of punishing them," I elaborated with a small shrug. "That's about it, I guess. Really,
most of the trouble was caused by Victoria, other than that one time Laurent nearly kills me."

"When is this?" Edward demands, as though Laurent isn't already dead.

"It's during the time you're supposed to be gone. But the wolves come to the rescue," I said,
rubbing my thumb across his hand. I wasn't really sure how to comfort him. Edward had the
bad habit of stewing over his faults―I wouldn't be surprised if that also applied to theoretical
decisions and events that no longer have a chance of happening. "Of course, they're gone
now, so most of the disaster has been circumvented."
"That's everything?" Rosalie checks with a suspicious frown.

I took a moment to open the journal resting on my lap, glancing over my messy scrawl.
"Yep," I confirmed. "Well, not necessarily." Rosalie's face twisted with frustration, so I
explained, "There may be other stuff. But that's based on decisions that haven't been made
yet." I didn't see the point of bringing up the subject of the hybrid children when my
relationship with Edward was still so new.

"And when those decisions are made?" she demanded.

"Then you will all be the first to know," I offered. "Otherwise, it's irrelevant."

"What I want to know is," Emmett piped up, rubbing at his jaw, "If you knew all this, why
did you ignore Edward once he returned from Denali? Alice knew about Jasper and spent
years looking for him. But you...did the opposite?"

Edward huffed an exasperated sigh. "I already asked. She didn't believe I would really
develop feelings for her."

"True," I admitted with a small shrug. "Plus, Edward is like a stray kitten. I would've just
scared him off. I had to let him come to me."

Emmett burst into rambunctious laughter and even Rosalie's lips twitched into a small smirk.

"I am not," Edward protested, a little weakly.

"If you say so," I allowed. "But keep in mind that our meadow date wasn't scheduled to
happen for another month."

When Emmett's laughter wouldn't cease, Esme silenced him with a simple, "That's enough,
Emmett."

From the corner of my eye, Alice sent me a small wave, before leading Jasper away from the
room. I felt a bit remorseful, suspecting that like Edward, he was resentful over something
that hadn't happened. But I knew it was the better alternative. Allowing that event to follow
its course would have been awfully cruel.

"Thank you, Isabella," Carlisle's voice reeled back my attention. "We appreciate your
candor."

"Oh, of course. It's the least I can do after you all protected me," I offered them a grateful
smile. "Let me know if there's anything I can elaborate on."

For a moment, Carlisle hesitated, and Edward spoke up, "You should ask. Even if it's a
breach of privacy, it's for our protection."

My gaze bounced curiously between the two, until Carlisle relented, "How much do you
know about the werewolves?"
"Um, not a lot, I think. I can hardly recall the legends, but I can tell you they're not actual
werewolves―not like the Children of the Moon. They're shape shifters," I answered,
scouring my brain for what little I knew of them.

"Children of the Moon?" Rosalie repeated slowly, as though the words were foreign to her
tongue.

This time, it was Carlisle who explained, "I suppose they are a more accurate representation
of werewolves, than the ones on the reservation. They only transform during the full moon,
and if the stories are accurate, they are quite feral. Centuries ago, Caius was nearly killed by
one and as a result, the Volturi hunted them down to near extinction all across Europe and
Asia. To this day, the guard are still under orders to kill any they come across."

"Whoa, they actually exist?" Emmett marveled. "Where can we find one?"

"Emmett, no." Esme's longsuffering expression was truly admirable.

Carlisle also shot him a quelling look, before turning to me. "Shape shifters is certainly a
better description for them. What do you know of them?"

Briefly, I gave them a rundown on how their telepathic connection worked, the abilities of the
Alpha, and the imprinting phenomenon. "Ugh, I'm sure there was more, but I can't
remember," I grumbled.

"No, it's quite alright, Isabella," Carlisle was quick to reassure me, before standing to his feet.
"You've given me a few things to think on. I'd like to make a few calls before anything
further is discussed."

"Yeah, sure thing, doc!"

It was then that my stomach betrayed me and grumbled loudly. Mostly, they appeared
amused, but Esme was delighted.

"Anything in particular you'd like to eat?" Esme asked, already sweeping towards the kitchen.

Emmett and Rosalie disappeared, and Carlisle gave me one last nod of thanks, before I
trotted after Esme, Edward at my back. "Um, how about a sandwich?" I suggested, "Like that
first one you made for me!" Nothing compares to Esme's chicken and avocado sandwiches, I
mentally sighed with adoration.

"...Is that all, sweetheart?" Esme asked, unable to completely mask her disappointment.

I chuckled. "Yes. I only have one stomach, Esme," I pointed out, taking a seat on one of the
stools lining the kitchen island, knowing better than to try and lift a finger. Edward, easily
able to dodge Esme's shooing motions, ducked around her to pour me a glass of lemonade.

"Thanks!" I grinned, greedily taking the tall glass from his hands once he took a seat beside
me. He managed to sneak in a peck on my cheek before I took a sip.
Esme hummed happily as she pulled ingredients from the fridge and set them on the counter,
her fairytale-like beauty seemingly out of place in their modern kitchen. Briefly, I wondered
if the physical softness she exuded was a result of being turned so soon after her pregnancy.

"Oh, how do you feel about dessert?" she offered, "Alice bought me a new recipe book that
I'd love to try out."

Her eagerness to fill a maternal role in my life was so devastatingly sweet, I had no choice
but to agree. "Of course. I'm sure Charlie wouldn't mind if I brought over some leftovers." I
smiled as she passed over a brand new recipe book, the hard cover shiny and colorful.
Edward peeked curiously over my shoulder while I flipped through the thick, glossy pages.

"Pick that one," Edward suddenly said, tapping a finger against the bright picture of a sponge
cake.

"Huh? Why that one?" I glanced up in time to catch the wistful gleam in his eyes.

"My mother made them when I was a child," he recalled, features soft with affection. "I don't
remember what they tasted like, but mother was not very happy when she'd found I snuck
into the kitchen and spoiled my dinner," he chuckled, smile impish.

I snickered. "Why am I not surprised?"

Esme glided to my other side to take a look, her smile also growing nostalgic. "Ah, yes.
Those were quite popular back then, weren't they Edward?"

"You remember eating these as well?" I gasped, fascinated. I knew how vague their human
memories were to them, but getting a glimpse of a time long past through their eyes, no
matter how murky, was incredible.

Esme sighed wistfully as she returned to making lunch for me, pulling a pan from the cabinet
and lighting up the gas stove. "Hardly. My family and I, we lived on a farm―oh, but you
already know all this, don't you?" she laughed softly.

I waved my hands. "No! Well, yes," I admitted sheepishly, "But only vague details! I'd love
to hear more from you personally."

Esme hummed as she finished seasoning the chicken. "There's not a lot to tell. My strongest
memory from when I was human was certainly of my brief encounter with Carlisle.
Everything else is dim, but I recall that one of my favorite things to do was drive into town.
We didn't do it so often, but when we did, my mother always indulged me in letting me pick
something out at the bakery."

I leaned forward, cheeks cupped between my hands as Esme told me little anecdotes. Most of
them short and incomplete, but all of them just as sweet, regarding small moments with her
own mother and the horses she'd once cared for.

The warmth of the chicken grilling on the pan wafted across my nose and my stomach
grumbled, louder. "Ah, sorry, dear! I'm almost finished up here," she was quick to reassure
me.

"There's no rush, Esme! My stomach's just letting you know how wonderful it smells!" I
laughed, sheepishly patting my belly.

Esme glowed at the praise, but regardless, she swirled into motion, chopping up the lettuce,
avocado, and tomato, toasting the bread, pulling the mayo from the fridge, before tossing it
all together into a delicious sandwich.

"Thank you for lunch, Esme!" I thanked her before digging in.

"You're welcome," she beamed, swiping back the forgotten recipe book and flipping back to
where we'd left off. "That's a yes to the sponge cake, sweetie?"

I swallowed and nodded. "For sure! Can I help you out? I could be your taste-tester."

"I'd love that," she smiled and glanced down at the recipe one last time before deciding, "I'll
have to go pick up a few things from the Thriftway. I'll be back in a little while." She pecked
me on the cheek and patted Edward's head before flitting from the kitchen.

While I chewed on another bite, Edward spoke up for the first time in a while, "That was
incredible."

I tilted my head with a puzzled frown. Once I swallowed, I asked, "What was?"

"Some of those stories Esme told us," he elaborated, pushing my hair behind my ear. "I'd
never heard them before."

I straightened up. "Really? She's been your mom for a near century," I teased him.

He hummed in agreement, expression contemplative, "Yes, but your presence in our lives…
she's certainly embraced it the most. It's brought out human aspects in her that have been
dormant for a long time, like some of those memories."

"I see," I smiled fondly at the thought of Esme's eager consideration towards me.

Edward's eyes remained far away while I finished the rest of my lunch, blinking back to
awareness once I stood and washed up my plate and cup. He dried and put them back into
their designated cabinets on my behalf, before steering me back in the direction of the open
living space. "I want to show you something," he said, cold palm pressed against the small of
my back until we sat at the bench of his grand piano.

My eyes lit up with curiosity and I gazed up at him. Edward cleared his throat almost
nervously, before splaying his long fingers across the black and white keys.

It's not a lullaby, was my first thought.

His fingers danced as they played a bright and cheerful song that brought an instant grin to
my face. Edward caught and matched my grin, looking radiant as his fingers drifted further
along to a higher key and bounced, left hand swinging rapidly between different chords and
right fingers a near blur as they tapped out the lively tune.

I swayed my head to the sanguine rhythm, fingers drumming and feet tapping. My cheeks
strained from grinning so widely and laughter bubbled at the back of my throat. Maybe it's
why I was caught off guard when the song began to dwindle, into something
softer―something sadder. His left hand had drifted to a minor key, the deeper chords creating
a somber background for the high notes weeping grievously below his right hand.

I grew still as the mournful melody washed over me and seeped into the marrow of my
bones, eyes misting. Unbidden, the back of my throat burned cold with sea salt and my breath
shuddered through my lungs.

When the song came to a halt, it was unexpected―as though it were incomplete.

"It's not the final version," he confirmed quietly, allowing his fingers to slip away from the
keys, "But I wanted to show it to you."

"It…" I grasped for any word which could adequately describe the depths of which his song
had pierced me, rising to meet and entwine with the sorrow curled at the base of my chest,
both a reminder and a balm to my veiled tragedy. There wasn't any, and I weakly settled on,
"It was beautiful…thank you."

Edward smiled warmly at me, butterscotch eyes gleaming with affection. "Would you like to
play?"

I blinked in surprise at the offer and lifted my hands. But before they could touch the cool
keys, I paused. These are not my hands.

My hands consisted of wide, square palms, tall fingers, and long, manicured nails. These
hands… they were so small, palms narrow and fingers stubby and nails blunted, the indigo
polish flaking and chipping.

I curled them into tiny fists and rested them back on my lap. "No, not today." Maybe not ever.

Edward observed me with his endless curiosity, eyes sweeping over my dim eyes and the flat
line of my lips.

"Alright," he consented, skimming his knuckles across the apple of my cheek. "Would you
like to hear the songs I composed for Esme?"

My shoulders relaxed from their taut line. "Yes, please."

His fingers returned to their place, pressing softly against the keys and creating a sweet song
that could only be personified by Esme.

I leaned against his arm and closed my eyes, allowing the soft cadence of his melodies to
drape across my soul.
Chapter End Notes



    Hey guys, hope you enjoyed the chapter! If you're curious about Edward's opinion on
    New Moon...well, it'll come up soon, although probably not in the next chapter.

    Anyway, let me know your thoughts please! Until next time! :)
    Chapter 21: Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, Your Window is
                 Open, So I'm Climbing Through
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Monday morning, I woke up in the Stanley household to the sound of a torrential downpour.
   Sheets of rain obscured the forested view from Jessica's window, thunder rolling so loudly, it
   was impossible to fall back asleep.

   "Jessica," I hissed, prodding her from where she'd tucked herself underneath a mound of
   blankets and pillows.

   "Five more minutes, mom," she whimpered, voice husky with sleep.

   A clap of thunder crashed overhead.

   I slumped back down, grumbling, "How the hell can you sleep through this?"

   But Jessica remained oblivious and soundly asleep. Unfortunately for her, student council
   duties demanded that she be at school early.

   So it was with a grumpy and slightly damp Jessica that I arrived on campus an hour before
   our first period was scheduled to start.

   As soon as we'd reached the safety of the cafeteria awning, Jessica ducked out from beneath
   her umbrella. "Here," she said, thrusting a key into my hands. "This is for room 301.
   Everything should already be in there."

   "Got it!" I grinned, shoving the key into my coat, and rushing off in the direction of Building
   3. Even with the umbrella, I was unable to completely escape the rain.

   I arrived to the correct room, running a hand through my damp hair, but paused when I found
   the door already ajar, light spilling out into the hall from the small crack in the entrance.

   I edged forward and peeked inside, eyes blowing wide open when I found the room vivid
   with reds and pinks. Streamers wrapped around the walls and windows, hand-cut paper hearts
   hanging from them, glitter and heart confetti scattered about, and chocolates and roses
   arranged artfully atop the desk on the farside of the room. And on the blackboard behind it,
   written in gorgeous calligraphy: Will you be my Valentine?

   "Aww, Edward, you didn't even let me help," I pouted.

   He hopped off from where he sat atop the teacher's desk and flashed to my side, holding up a
   plastic bag of balloons. "We still have these," he reassured me, dropping a kiss atop my head.
"Alright, let's get to it," I grinned, dropping my bag and Jessica's umbrella beside the door
and joining Edward in a corner untainted with glitter. Being the teacher's pet that she was,
Jessica had gotten us access to an empty and unused classroom which we were using to set
Angie and Ben up.

"How was your night?" I asked once I'd settled cross-legged on the tile floor. I gulped and
blew air into my first balloon, colored a soft, baby pink.

Edward groaned, "A little unbearable. Aside from Rosalie and Emmett flaunting their
affection more than is the norm, everyone had to insert their opinions regarding you. Emmett
kept insisting I replace your decrepit truck, Alice nearly ordered you a 24 karat gold-dipped
rose, and Esme baked so many goods, Carlisle required a second car to transport it all to
Forks General. It was either sharing it with the hospital staff or disposing of it."

Despite the absurdity, I found myself deeply touched.

I tied off the balloon and bounced it across the room. "Your family is sweet, but I hope you
didn't follow their advice," I laughed. "Though I wouldn't mind some of Esme's baked
goods."

Edward grinned, "Alice flew through a couple hundred visions to check which you'd enjoy
the most and saved them in a basket for you."

I pressed a hand to my chest, "Alice is a treasure."

"Try living with her for a couple decades," Edward grumbled before pressing a deflated
balloon to his lips. Despite the snarky remark, affection gleamed in his eyes.

We had blown up and bounced off most of the balloons, when I pointed out, "Are you sure
you want to try the meadow again? Weather's a bit miserable."

"Alice sees it clearing up before the school day is over," he said, flicking another balloon
across the room. "But if you're uncomfortable with returning so soon…"

"Oh! No, I think it should be fine," I assured him. Although it had only been two days since
James' coven had accosted us, I was still too relieved by their elimination to be bothered by
the resulting shock. "All the gross dismembering happened nowhere near the meadow, so it
remains untainted."

Edward grimaced. "I'm sorry you had to witness that."

"I'm more sorry I didn't get to see you sparkle," I snickered.

Edward flicked the next balloon against my forehead. "Be serious."

"Uh, you're the one assaulting me with balloons," I said, and tossed a balloon back at him.

It bounced harmlessly off his head "Now who's the one assaulting who?" he laughed.

"Your head is hard as a rock. That hardly counted as assault!"
"I disagree. You've ruined my hair," Edward carefully patted his untidy array of copper locks.

"Oh my gosh, you're right! Your hair went from messy, to...messy. What a tragedy," I
deadpanned before tying off the next balloon and chucking it at his head.

Edward heaved a deep and completely unnecessary sigh. "I'm unsure of how much more of
your abuse I can handle."

I shrugged. "Probably not much more. You can turn the sickly Victorian boy into a vampire,
but you can't make him roll with the punches."

Edward wrinkled his nose and muttered, "I was Edwardian, not Victorian."

"See, the real tragedy was that you were an American boy named after the king," I laughed.

Edward rolled his eyes and chucked another balloon in my general vicinity. "What can I say?
My mother took one look at me and saw royalty."

I released a startled laugh. "Guess I can't argue with the wise words of your mother."

Edward's smile softened. "No, I suppose not."

Brrrrrng!

"Is it that time already?" I frowned, glancing up towards the clock.

Edward matched my frown. "Appears so. Before we go, I have something for you." He took
my hand and helped me to my feet, before leading me over to the teacher's desk.

From behind the arrangement of chocolates and roses set up for Angela and Ben, Edward
picked up a sleek, black box lined in gold.

My eyes lit up and my face split into a grin. "Is that chocolate?!"

"Just as requested," Edward smiled, placing the box of chocolates into my greedy, human
hands.

"Yes!" I pumped my fist. "You are the best boyfriend!"

"Ah, that's not all," Edward said sheepishly.

"Huh? But this is all I asked for," I reminded him. Chocolate was the one thing I always
overindulged in on Valentine's Day. Plus, I figured if I asked for something specific, he would
refrain from going overboard and buying me something outlandish.

"Well...Alice insisted that it wouldn't be Valentine's Day without at least one stuffed animal,"
Edward confessed, reaching behind the desk and revealing a big, pink teddy bear.

I gaped and carefully accepted him. "He's so soft," I realized, pressing my cheek atop his
head. "I love him."
"...You do?"

"Yep!" I then lifted him up, simba-style. "I christen thee, Pepto!"

"Pepto?" Edward chortled, eyebrows quirked up in a combination of puzzlement and
amusement.

"You know? Like the medicine?" I huffed when Edward only quirked an eyebrow in silent
judgement. "I was pretty sure you'd attended medical school, but I guess my
knowledge is fallible."

"You know it's not," Edward chuckled.

Brrrrrng!

I glared up at the sound of the warning bell.

"Come on, love. Can't make you tardy on my account," Edward said, steering me in the
direction of the door.

I pressed a palm to my lips and muffled a mock-gasp. "What would people think?"

"Nothing pleasant, I can assure you."

"Then hurry, before you sully my virtue any further!"

We laughed and continued our silly antics, but eventually I did make it to Mr. Mason's class.
Not even the miserable downpour could ruin my mood.

For a second, I was so enticed by the knowledge of chocolates in my bag, that I nearly missed
Angela's quieter-than-normal disposition, alongside her pink cheeks. "Hey, Angie," I greeted
her cheerfully once I took my seat beside her. "How's your morning?"

"Oh, it's good," she murmured, slightly distracted.

When she didn't elaborate, I shrugged, my smile knowing. "Would you like a chocolate?" I
offered, allowing her a peek into my bag.

"No, thank you," Angie refused with a grateful smile, fiddling with a note on her lap.

I lifted my shoulders. "More for me."


It was during third period, in Mr. Varner's class, when the student council kids (including
Jess) went around the school to drop off carnations (red for love or yellow for friendship.)
Considering how cheap they were, I'd gotten a bunch, not just for Edward, but for all my
girlfriends as well―Jess, Angie, and Alice. Even Lauren and Rosalie.

I was slowly chipping away at the worksheet Mr. Varner had handed out, when a student near
me released a startled gasp. I glanced up, eyes bugging out alongside my classmates when
Whitney, one of the student council members, pushed the door open with her shoulders, arms
swamped with carnations.

She started off by calling a few girls' names, and then, catching sight of me in the back,
scampered over to me, a grin splitting her face, "These are for you, Isabella!"

The class gaped alongside me while I gingerly took the load off her hands. A few were
yellow, but if I had to guess, there were around two dozen red carnations.

"Ah, thanks Whitney," I chuckled nervously.

"You're welcome!" she chirped, before skipping out of the room.

Across the aisle, Jennifer leaned over and gasped, "Are all those from Edward? Did he write
notes on all of them?!"

"Ah, yeah, I think all the red ones are," I mumbled, face red. Yikes. How am I not used to all
the staring by now? Where's a paper bag when you need one?

Another girl, Ashley, asked, "Aww, what do the notes say?"

It was then that Mr. Varner stepped in, eyeing the pile of flowers obscuring my worksheet. "I
expect you'll finish up your work first, Miss Swan."

"Yes, Mr. Varner," I acquiesced.

The girls around me pouted, some eyeing me enviously and others peeking at the white notes
attached to the tall stems with curiosity. I ignored their tittering and whispers, instead making
room on my desk for the math sheet. I focused on steadily working through the problems,
until the stares ceased and their backs were turned.

Setting my pencil aside, I first picked up the three yellow carnations from atop the pile and
pulled off the notes, which read:

Love you bestie! -Jess

Happy Valentine's Day, Isabella! You're a great friend! -Angie

You're not there yet, but just know you'll make an incredible sister one day! Love you tons! -
Alice

I smiled fondly, carefully folding the notes and tucking them into my folder.

I then began the long task of unravelling all the notes attached to the red carnations. There
were so many! Some notes were unbelievably sweet and had me grinning goofily, while
others utterly swept the rug from beneath me.

I like it when you sing. But why Mary Poppins?

Even though I cannot read your mind, it's what I find most beautiful about you.
Sometimes when you speak, I get the sense you're from a different time. Why is that?

I was aware that Edward observed me closely. I just never realized how much he already
knew.

I continued to stack them neatly on my lap, until I came across a note that wasn't from
Edward. I frowned, a little horrified when my eyes ran across the phone number hastily
scribbled across the paper, and below it, was signed off by Tyler. That's cringey as fuck. I was
quick to crumple up the note and shove it into my back pocket, to be thrown away later.
Relieved when it seemed no one had noticed my odd reaction, I read through the last notes
with a small smile, until I came across the last one, and found yet another note that
was not from Edward. This one read:

You're a great girl, Isabella! I hope we can continue being friends! -Eric

It would've been nice, if it hadn't been attached to a red carnation. Maybe it was a mistake?
Even so, I wasn't very close with Eric. I shared a few classes with him and he sometimes sat
at lunch with us, but we rarely ever spoke. But I didn't want to make awkward assumptions,
so with a small hesitation, I tucked his note into my folder between the girls' notes.

Overall, I'd received two dozen red carnations from Edward alone, along with the two extra
red ones, and the three yellow.

By the time I actually finished up all the trig problems, someone complained, "Aw, Isabella
already read through all the notes."

I rolled my eyes. "What? Did you expect me to read them out loud for the class?"

Jen pouted. "Well no, but I wanted to see them?"

Which only made me glad I hadn't allowed that. If my classmates found out I'd received red
carnations from both Tyler and Eric, I knew it would blow up in my face with unnecessary
drama. I had enough of that with the Cullen's. I certainly didn't need it with the rest of the
town.

"Ah, sorry, Jen. I'd rather not," I smiled sheepishly, hoping she wouldn't be too offended. It's
not like Edward had written anything incriminating, but they already ogled us enough as it
was. Was a little privacy too much to ask for?

"Aww, lame," she sang, sticking her tongue out at me.

I shook my head in amusement, relieved when I finally heard the sound of the bell. Gathering
my stuff, I paused long enough to drop off my worksheet, before making a beeline for the
door. Out in the hall, Edward met with me, right on schedule.

The six carnations I'd gotten for him looked pitiful in comparison to the pile I held in my
arms. Although, the fact that he had exactly six was highly suspect. I narrowed my eyes.
"You mean to tell me, I'm the only girl who got you flowers," I said skeptically, an eyebrow
raised.
"Well, no," Edward confessed with an embarrassed grin. "But I gave the others away."

"Oh, that would've been a good idea," I agreed thoughtfully, until I noticed Edward's own
narrowed eyes.

"Ah. I see I'm not the only guy who sent you flowers," he scowled.

"Now you understand my dilemma?" I teased him.

But that didn't quell his irritation. "Who sent the others?" he glowered at the two red
carnations I'd kept separate.

I pursed my lips. "What exactly do you plan on doing with this information?" When he failed
to respond, still glowering at the innocent flowers, I huffed, "It was Eric and Tyler." His
expression only grew darker.

Catching sight of Jennifer exiting the class from my peripherals, I quickly called her
attention, "Hey, Jen! Can you do me favor?"

"Uh," Jen momentarily hesitated at the sight of Edward's petulant scowl, but ultimately
agreed, "Sure…what's up, Isabella?"

I shoved the two carnations into her hands. "Take these for me, will you?"

"Eh? Why?" she demanded. It only took another glance towards Edward for her to catch on.
"Oh. Oh! Okay, I see. Right, I'll just take these off your hands," she winked, before flouncing
off.

"Better?" I asked, successfully keeping my laughter at bay.

"I suppose," Edward grumbled, tangling his fingers with mine.

"Alright, grumpy, come on," I said, leading him in the opposite direction from where
everyone was converging towards the cafeteria. "We've got some spying to do."

But before we could even exit the building, we ran across Rosalie and Emmett standing
beside her locker.

"Isabella!" Emmett called above the mass of red carnations in his arms, "You want to watch
this?"

I was so surprised by Rosalie's lack of disdain, that I agreed. "Uh, yeah sure?"

I watched the curious way Rosalie stood a small distance away from her locker as she
reached over to spin the right combination on the lock, before swiftly leaning back and
allowing the door to swing open.

There was an odd swish of paper sliding against paper as the hall was abruptly swarmed by
piles and piles of Valentine's Day cards written for Rosalie.
I gaped. "...I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I'm somehow not surprised."

Rosalie shot me a smug grin and beside me, Edward rolled his eyes.

"Let's not continue to feed her ego," Edward grumbled, steering me back the way we'd been
heading.

"Oh, real nice, Edward. I hope you tell your little girlfriend how many cards you got!"

I didn't know whether to laugh alongside Emmett or ask Edward if it was him or Rosalie who
had the higher count.


When we reached one of the empty corridors in Building 3, we found Jessica, Lauren, and
June crouched beneath the small window beside the closed door of room 301.

"Did I miss it?" I whispered, crouching behind them.

"They're talking now," Jessica squealed.

"Hush!" Lauren and June simultaneously silenced her.

I leaned behind them and was able to catch a glimpse of Angela and Ben. Both were bright
red in the face, but their radiant smiles were telling.

"They're getting together right?" I checked with Edward, voice barely above a whisper.

"Sounds like," he whispered behind me.

"Mission accomplished!"

"Shhhh!"


Plink-plink-plink.

"Fuck," I hissed, bumping my head against the bottom of my bed frame. Sitting up with
annoyed huff, I peeked over my bed to see Edward casually sitting at the ledge of my
window and tapping against the glass, which I'd left wide open in an attempt to air out Bella's
stuffy room. As promised by Alice, the rain had finally cleared up. "What do you think you're
doing?" I grumbled, ducking back down and grasping the hair-tie I'd dropped below my bed.

"Just checking to see if you're ready to go…"

I hauled myself to my feet in time to catch Edward's sheepish expression.

I rolled my eyes. "You better hope the neighbors didn't see you," I pointed out while pulling
my hair up into a high ponytail.
He shook his head. "No, there's no one around," he said while curiously gazing around my
room.

I gave one last tug at my ponytail in order to tighten it, and then dropped a hand to my hip
and squinted at Edward suspiciously. "You haven't snuck in here before, have you?"

Edward nervously ran a hand through his messy copper hair. "No."

I pursed my lips. "But you've thought about it?"

He smiled guiltily.

I jabbed a finger towards him, "You come in here without my permission, Cullen, and you're
dead."

He held both hands up in surrender. "Promise," he grinned charmingly.

"Uh huh," I huffed while I shoved my sneakers on.

"Ready?" Edward asked, dropping to his feet.

I tugged my powder blue sweater back down into place and pulled the strap of my purse
across my torso. "Yep," I grinned, glancing around one last time to make sure I hadn't
forgotten anything.

I squealed when my feet suddenly disappeared from below me. "Edward," I hissed, fisting a
hand into his shirt.

He shot me a cheeky grin and said, "Hold on!"

And then, we were flying.

I automatically turned my head and pressed my face against his shoulder, wind whistling loud
against my ears. For a moment, the panic of being chased down by bloodthirsty vampires hit
me like a sledgehammer, before I abruptly dismissed it. Don't be such a ninny, I scolded
myself before peeling my eyes open, blinking rapidly against the rushing wind. But it was
only a second later that we came to an abrupt halt. I gasped as Edward gently set me on my
feet.

In the gray, afternoon lighting, the fairy lights twisting throughout the branches bordering the
meadow glimmered brightly like points of stars.

At the center, a thick blanket covered the damp grass, a picnic basket and a portable stereo
perched on its edge.

"You...you did all this?"

Edward wrapped an arm around me and tucked me close to his side. "For the most part. I
can't take credit for Esme's baking skills."
It was moments like these, that I hated my inability to articulate the depths of my affections
for him. "...It's lovely. Thank you, Edward."

He pressed a cold, lingering kiss to my cheek. "It's my pleasure." He lingered, skimming his
nose along my cheekbone before tugging me forward. "Let's get you something to eat. You
missed lunch."

I grinned as I kicked off my sneakers and plodded across the blanket alongside Edward.
"Worth it! Did you see Angela's face? She was glowing!"

"I heard her thoughts, and I must agree," he smiled. "It was kind, what you and Jessica did."

"Angela deserves all the kindness," I shrugged, kneeling beside the basket and flipping open
the lid to reveal a colorful array of baked goods. "Oooh, I can't decide!"

"Alice saw you would like this one the best," Edward plucked a big muffin tucked in the
corner, colored in bright swirls of red and yellow.

"What is that?"

"I believe these were the batch of lemon and raspberry muffins Esme baked at about three in
the morning," he recalled.

My teeth sunk into the sweet, fluffy mass. "It's heavenly," I cried around a mouthful.

Edward let loose a loud, musical laugh, and then watched with unabashed amusement as I
worked my way through the muffin.

"Was that the only one?" I cast a forlorn gaze into the basket.

"Esme can always make more," he chuckled.

"Ugh, I don't even think I have room for more. That was a big muffin," I sighed, slumping
back and sinking into the blanket. Above me, the points of light shone brighter the further the
gloom set in.

Edward settled back beside me. "Thank you," he whispered so quietly, I strained to hear him.

"Um, pretty sure I'm the one who should be thanking you. Although, I definitely need to add
Esme to that list," I giggled.

"That's what I'm referring to. Thank you for accepting my family as well," he tilted his head
towards me, eyes bright. "They love you."

My smile softened. "I believe I can say the same."

I tucked my head against his shoulder and we drifted into a comfortable silence.

A little later, I broke the stillness and reached inside my purse. "I made this for you," I said,
pressing my gift into his cold palm.
Last night, Jessica and I had stayed up late making homemade cards. I'd made a simple one
for Edward with a sweet note. Once Jessica had exhausted all the glitter, she'd had the
brilliant idea to make bracelets and had pulled out an old kit from somewhere in the back of
her closet. As a result, I'd stayed up an additional hour, braiding Edward an intricate faux-
leather bracelet.

"Oh. I didn't know you could draw!"

The awe in his voice was flattering. "Only flowers," I clarified as I watched him set the card
aside and tie the delicate braid around his wrist. "I hope you like it. I figured there was
nothing I could buy for you that you couldn't already buy for yourself," I admitted sheepishly.
Even with our relationship still so new, trying to make a simple present had been nerve
wracking.

"Thank you, Isabella, it's lovely," he smiled and pressed a chaste kiss to my lips.

"Uh, right," I mumbled. God, I'm so bad at this romance thing, I mentally anguished. But
Edward didn't allow me to wallow for very long.

"This is from me," he said, reaching over me and pressing a finger to the portable stereo.

My face lit up. "You mixed a CD for me?"

"I know this music isn't your style, but I hope you'll give it a chance."

―takin' it's toll then I'm leaving without you, 'cause heaven ain't close in a place like this―

"I remember this," I whispered, "This is what my brother listens to."

"...You have a brother?"

My eyes were glassy when I whispered, "Obliviate."

There was a long moment in which Edward didn't reply, and then he spoke, not a hint of a
somberness in his voice. "Yes, it's not to your usual tastes. I know you prefer alternative to
indie, but you should broaden your horizons."

My lips twitched into a frail smile. "You thought indie rock was the best place to start?"

"It's still within the category of rock, so I figured you'd be more amenable to it," he hummed.
"Also, it's one of my favorite genres."

"I see," I murmured as I continued to listen. "Yes, I think I like it."

A couple of more songs had played through when a soft ping echoed from inside Edward's
coat. "It's Alice," he murmured, sitting up and fetching the device from his inner pocket.

"Does she have a special ringtone?" I snickered, pushing myself up beside him.
  "Something like that…" As soon as he'd flipped open the phone, Edward's smile dropped into
  a flat line.

  When his eyes remained glued to the screen, expression carved from stone, I hedged,
  "Something the matter?"

  Edward broke from his trance and met my gaze, brow furrowing into a perplexed frown, the
  depths of his eyes flashing with hurt. "Alice had a vision."

  "Edward? What's wrong?" I asked. His gaze alone caused my gut to churn with guilt,
  although I had no idea what could be the cause of his expression.

  "You tell me," he replied, hesitantly reaching out and brushing my cheek with his cool
  fingers. "Isabella, why does Alice see you running away to Portland?"



Chapter End Notes



    *squints* Is that plot I see? Wow, didn't know I had it in me. What do you think? Will
    Isabella pull a New Moon on Edward, before he can pull a New Moon on her? xD

    In all seriousness, I apologize for the wait! I wrote this chapter months ago and then
    deleted it. I just wasn't vibing with it. And then DemoniAnophthalmia shared some
    lovely words and I was miraculously inspired, lol. Admittedly, it's a bit rough, so I might
    come back later to clean it up.

    If you're still reading this story, thank you! And if you've just joined, welcome! I would
    have not gotten this far without you lovely readers! I promise to update soon! ;)

    P.S. I have finally gotten around to writing this from Edward's POV. So if haven't
    already and wish to check it out, go do that! It's called Whirlpools and Sinking
    Skeletons.
  Chapter 22: Sonic the Hedgehog Ain't Got Nothing on Edward
                            Cullen
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Alice's vision of my escape to Portland perplexed me nearly as much as it had Edward.

   Sure, I had on occasion briefly thought about leaving, but I knew it wasn't feasible given my
   position as a minor, along with my lack of funds. But, if Alice had seen it as clearly as she'd
   claimed, then somewhere inside me, I had already made that decision.

   I just didn't know it yet.

   It was around four in the morning when I woke up the following day. For once, it wasn't as a
   result from nightmares. The sleeping medication had offered me a positive solution on that
   front.

   This time, I was woken by a sharp pain in my gut.

   I groaned into my pillow and blindly reached for the cellphone on my nightstand.

   It rang once, before Edward answered, "Isabella? Is everything alright?"

   "Don't pick me up today," I grumbled into the microphone, voice husky with sleep. "I'm
   taking a sick day."

   "What's wrong?" The alarm in his voice startled me, the fog of sleep dissipating further.

   I answered around a yawn, "I'm fine. It's that time of the month and I feel like someone's
   shoved a butcher knife into my uterus." If anything, I was more surprised Alice hadn't already
   mentioned it to him.

   "Oh," he paused, likely caught off guard. "Would you like my company?"

   I bit back a whimper. "No, I doubt it'd be very comfortable for you," I reminded him, before I
   grudgingly sat up. "Besides, I'll need you to pick up my homework for today."

   "Alright," he agreed, voice reluctant. "Anything else you need me to bring you?"

   "No, I have everything I need," I assured him, dropping my feet to the side of the bed and
   standing with a pained wince. "I'm going to hit the shower. Talk to you later?"

   "Of course," he replied, "I'll drop by after school."

   "Alright, see you then." I snapped the phone shut while I blindly dug into my drawer for a
   fresh set of clothes.
Fortunately, the simple mention of my monthly cycle had Charlie turning red in the face, and
he had absolutely no problem with calling me in sick.

After showering, changing, and chugging four ibuprofen, I tossed my stained clothes into the
wash and settled into the living room couch with a blanket, leftover chocolates from
yesterday, and the tv remote.

"You'll be alright by yourself, Bells?" Charlie checked in one last time, hovering by the front
hallway.

"As fine as can be, all things considered," I answered, biting back a snicker.

"Well, don't worry yourself about dinner. I'll pick you up after my shift and we'll go down to
the diner. Sound good?" he asked.

"Yeah! Sounds perfect!" I flashed him a reassuring grin and he finally headed out for the day.
"Have a good day, chief!" I called as the flatscreen lit up.

"Thanks, Bells! Get some rest," he answered just before shutting the door.

I flicked through the channels for a while, before I finally settled on watching reruns of
Friends.

It was around noon when I was startled by the shrill ringing echoing from the kitchen. With
an annoyed groan, I stumbled to my feet and kept my blanket wrapped around me while I
trudged to the kitchen. I cast the phone a last, baleful glance before unhooking it from the
mount on the kitchen wall.

"Swan residence," I said.

There was a pause on the other line. "...Shouldn't you be in school?"

I was startled when I recognized Leah's voice. "Uh, shouldn't you?" I fired back.

"Touche," she huffed, "I was just going to leave a voicemail, but I guess this works too."

"Wait," I blinked, adjusting the phone so that it was cradled more comfortably between my
ear and shoulder. "Were you trying to get a hold of me?" It's not like Leah and I were friends.
I'd attended the Super Bowl party at her house the day after my encounter with Azmon and I
hadn't exactly been in the right state of mind to socialize. I'd barely said a word throughout
the night.

"Yes, I'm calling you," she retorted, and then grumbled, "Ugh, the things I do for that kid."

My lips curled into an amused smile. "Okay, you've got my attention Leah. How can I help
you?"

"Look," she hissed, voice hushed, "Seth's gotten it into his head that the answer to your
problems is to have a good time with friends."
I cut in, "My problems?"

"Oh, don't be such a moron, Swan," she scoffed, "You think we didn't notice you acting like
your puppy got killed, the last time you came over?"

I heaved a sigh, "No, I guess not. It's very sweet of Seth to be concerned, but―"

"Look, you got us into this mess with your sad, pouty face, and now you're going to fix it,"
Leah snapped.

I blinked. "Okay...what do you propose I do?"

"See, it's not what I propose, it's what Seth proposes," she answered, and then paused before
admitting, "Seth's turning thirteen on Friday, and he wants you to come over for his birthday
party."

"Oh. That's not so bad," I agreed with a rueful smile. "What should I get him for his
birthday?"

"Uh, how should I know?"

I arched an eyebrow. "He's your brother."

"Look, I don't know. Buy him a hair-tie for all I care, just get your ass down here. Party starts
at four," she snapped, followed by the sound of a long beep indicating she'd disconnected.

With a small huff of laughter I hung the phone back onto the mount with a click. "With that
kind of aggression, it's no wonder she went all furry," I grumbled, blanket dragging along the
floor as I padded back to the living room.

I slumped back onto the couch, face smooshing against one of the throw pillows. My lids
grew heavy, and before I knew it, I'd drifted off.


"Isabella!"

My eyes shot open and I sat up with a choked cry, fingers clawing at my chest.

Air was a stranger.

This is how you breathe, I tried to remind myself, but my lungs refused to cooperate and my
chest was collapsing in on itself, and everything was a blur of tears.

"Shh. Breathe alongside me―like this."

My hand was pressed flat against a chest, expanding and compressing slowly below my
palm. Before I realized it, I began to follow the same rhythm, air shuddering through my
lungs, the pounding of my heart becoming less painful.
It was then that I realized that there was a lack of thudding below my hand―only the hollow
silence of a still heart.

I briefly locked eyes with Edward's frightened gaze, before I pressed my face against his
shoulder with a muffled gasp. Edward swept my curled frame into his arms. His embrace was
cold and familiar, and I sunk into it with relief. Edward murmured soothing words of comfort
into my ear, fingers brushing through my hair, until my breathing evened out and my tears
had been exhausted.

"Thanks," I croaked, pulling back and wiping at my face.

"Isabella, this is no good," he murmured urgently, cupping my cheek. "You need to talk to
someone about this...it doesn't have to be me," he belatedly tacked on, unable to completely
keep the hurt out of his voice.

My thoughts briefly flashed to the letter I'd written. "I know," I sniffled, "I'm working on it."

"How so?" When I refused to elaborate, Edward leaned closer and pressed, voice soft,
"Forgive me, but I insist. Isabella, say something―anything."

The moment I became caught in his earnest gaze, I parted my lips, ready to somehow stumble
my way through the truth. If anyone deserved to know, it was Edward. And I was desperate
to say the words out loud no matter how loathe I was to acknowledge them.

But, my voice refused to cooperate. "I―" Something sharper than glass lodged in my throat,
and I couldn't. Nothing was cooperating. I didn't even know why, why I couldn't just say the
words, couldn't do this, why I was breaking again, but―

"Isabella!" Edward's fierce voice was like a slap to the face. "Breathe."

I gasped, belatedly taking note of the burning in my lungs. My chest heaved, but then Edward
was there, teaching me how to breathe again.

His eyes burned with regret. "I'm sorry for pushing."

"No. Don't be," I whispered. "Not about this. I do want to tell you, really. I guess...I just need
a little more time."

He brushed aside the tracks of tear residue along my cheek with his thumb. "I can wait."

"Thank you." I wiped my nose and stumbled to my feet with his help. "You brought my
homework?"

"...You want to work on your homework? It's alright to take a break every once in a while,
Isabella."

I tilted my head down at him. "I guess. Although, it's not exactly difficult." Barring biology, I
hadn't had any issues keeping up with Bella's high school coursework. Originally, I'd been
meticulous about it in the case that Bella returned. But now, it was less about preserving her
GPA, and more about my own comfort.
"Hm, I suppose so," Edward aquised with a rueful smile, rising to his feet. "It's in the car. I'll
return in a second."

I blinked and barely had time to process his vanishing act, before he reappeared once more.

"Show off."

Edward grinned, holding up a folder. "Your homework, as requested."

I snorted. "Thanks, Sonic." I snatched the folder from his hands and headed to the kitchen,
picking up my backpack on the way.

"Sonic?" Edward groused behind me.

"You are quite the speedster. Accurate, no?" I snickered, dropping into one of the kitchen
chairs and flipping open the folder.

"I would prefer something a little more flattering," Edward sighed, sitting back.

I glanced up long enough to shoot him a grin. "What? Like a comic book hero?"

"Why not?"

I paused, his statement filling me with an ironic sort of amusement, as an old line ran through
my head, "What if I'm not a superhero? What if I'm the bad guy?"

"Right… Well, Quicksilver it is, then." I was caught off guard by Edward's satisfied
expression. "I'm surprised you know the name...I didn't take you as someone who read
comics."

His face grew sheepish. "I wasn't...but it sounded like you were so familiar with them, so I
did a little reading."

My eyebrows shot up. "Define 'a little.'"

Edward cast his gaze aside. "I may have secretly borrowed Ben Cheney's collection."

A sharp laugh tumbled from my lips. "Edward!" I gasped, "You stole Ben's comic books?!
Why didn't you just ask to borrow them?"

He scowled. "I would've had to read them one-by-one. It was easier to just speed-read
through them in an hour."

I was still laughing. "I cannot believe you! I don't even read comic books!"

"...You don't? Then why are you so knowledgeable?" Now Edward was perplexed.

I sighed and braced my forearms against the table. "My knowledge of your family may not
surpass beyond January of 2007, but everything else is fair game," I confessed. "In the future,
they release a series of Marvel comic-based movies, and they are my absolute favorite.
Unfortunately, the first one won't be released for another three years."

Edward abruptly leaned so close, our noses nearly brushed. "How far into the future can you
see?"

I blinked, momentarily dazed. "Uh, summer of 2020―shit, don't do that." I leaned back into
my chair, rubbing at my eyes.

"Do what?"

I scowled. "That vampire-y thing where you gaze into someone's eyes and compel them to do
what you want."

"Ah. I apologize. That wasn't my intention," he smiled ruefully.

"Uh huh," I grumbled. "Save the future questions for later. I need to finish this up," I
reminded him and lugged my trig textbook out from my backpack. "As usual, Mr. Varner
wants us to do every damn problem in the book."

While not difficult, I still found the problems annoyingly repetitive. My hand kept cramping
up from gripping the pencil too tightly and my sleek graphing calculator was nothing but a
fading memory. I almost took up Edward's offer of having him finish up the problems for me,
but I was too stubborn to quit when I'd already gotten into rhythm.

Later, I was speeding through the single Spanish worksheet assigned by Ms. Goff, when
Edward broke the silence.

"I can't say that I haven't thought about leaving," he suddenly confessed, gazing at me with
pained eyes. "But I would never wish the same for you. I'm not sure who are what is in
Portland―"

"Let me stop you right there." I set my pencil down. "I thought we'd already established that I
have no idea why Alice had that vision. As far as I know, there's no one in Portland that I
know."

"But you have thought of running," he reminded me gently.

I smiled sadly. "We both have."

Edward frowned pensively. "I'm not sure if I can, any more. I thought I could help you
through this, whatever it is that man did to you. After seeing how he left you, back in
Tacoma…" He shook his head, dispersing the dark gleam of hatred that briefly burned in his
eyes. "But the longer I stay, the weaker my resolve grows. And then, to find out you already
knew I would eventually depart? It's no wonder you evaded my attempts to speak with you,
right from the beginning."

I wanted to tell him that he was wrong. That I evaded him, because I wasn't the girl of this
story. But how would that sound better? At the time, I thought he'd sooner drink me dry, than
fall in love with me. The memory wouldn't exactly reassure him.
"If you do, I hope you'll heed my warning. Please don't drag the Volturi into it," I requested.

Edward was under the assumption that I could also see the future. Eventually, I would
dissuade him of this notion, but in the case that I didn't and he somehow ended up in the
exact same place, Aro would know.

Edward wouldn't just be bringing the Volturi down on his family and the Quileutes, but on
me as well.

He chuckled humorlessly. "Believe me, knowing what I do now, Italy is the last place I'd go."

The dark gleam had returned to his eyes.

"What are you thinking?" I asked.

"...I thought you knowing what I was thinking during that first day in biology would be the
most wretched thing you could know about me. At the very least, James' coven, or even
Jasper's attempt on your life are not in my control. But then, to have you tell me that I would
continue to hurt you and put you in danger via my own actions? It's vexing. I try to envision a
future in which we are together, and I am not the cause of your suffering. But then, you
would know better than I, wouldn't you?"

I met his sad gaze. "I would." I paused, unsure of whether revealing my current thoughts was
a good idea, but went ahead regardless. "In the future that I know, I am a vampire." Bella is a
vampire, I mentally corrected. "And there's a moment, when I ask if you miss my humanity.
And you say something along the lines of, 'I am missing nothing. No one has more than I do
now.'"

Edward was a stone statue.

"I don't want to be a vampire, but at the same time...me becoming one would not be the end
of the world. I know that's not how you see it, Edward, but it is what it is. Just think about
that, whenever you decide it's time to leave."

I didn't want him to leave. Edward was my crutch. But how could I be selfish enough to ask
him to stay, when I knew that wouldn't always be what he wanted?

"So you do believe I will leave, regardless of everything you've told me?" he whispered.

"I can't say," I admitted. "But you're good at running, Edward. In more ways than one. I'm not
sure anything I say could change your mind."

"It's why you hold so much of yourself back," he quietly realized. He vanished from his chair
and reappeared, kneeling beside me. "It's why," he gently pressed his fingers against my
chest, right where my heart beat, "You refuse to care for me as deeply as I care for you."

Something sharp lodged in my throat. "Yes."

He pressed his cool forehead against my shoulder. "You're much stronger than I. If I could…"
he trailed off.
"Stronger, huh?" I repeated, resting a hand against his gleaming copper locks. "More like a
girl with a long string of unhealthy-coping mechanisms. I don't think either of us are the
patrons for mental stability."

He heaved a sigh and lifted his head. "No, perhaps not."

"Listen," I murmured, sliding my fingers through his disarray of hair and along his cheek. "I
don't know why Alice saw what she did, but I currently don't plan on going anywhere. You've
made sure as much."

"I've already seen it for myself, and I was wondering if you'd allow me to drive you? You
may not know the reason, but Alice's vision was clear. I'd like to be a part of that vision as
well."

"Alright," I agreed, feeling a little unsure. I technically didn't know what I was agreeing to.
"Now, get up. I think this is Mr. Banner's homework and I could use a little help."

Edward laughed, but pulled up a chair beside me regardless.


As promised, Charlie swung around the house and dressed down before driving us down to
the diner for dinner. Because most of our nights had been consumed with watching spring
training, Charlie took the opportunity to catch up with everything I'd been up to. He was
endearingly awkward about it, and I was once more painfully reminded of my own dad.

"So, how are you and that Edwin kid?" he asked while cutting into his steak.

I rolled my eyes, but didn't correct him. "He dropped by the house today." At Charlie's sharp
glance, I elaborated, "To drop off my homework. You worry too much, chief."

"I think the problem is, I don't worry enough," he grumbled. "But...you're doing better now,
right?"

"Yep. Today was the worst of it," I shrugged. "I'll spare you the gory details." As I had
learned during my first week in Forks, Bella's cycle was regular, but short, lasting all of three
days. And Edward's little trip to Alaska had ensured that he wouldn't be around for it, thank
Jesus.

"Oh, well, that's good," was the best Charlie could offer, to my eternal amusement.

"Thanks," I said dryly.

"Ah, what I meant―"

"Don't sweat it, chief," I snickered. "On the bright side, I did get all my homework done.
Took me most of the afternoon. Mr. Varner doesn't mess around."

To my surprise, Charlie snorted, "Tell me about it."

I gaped. "What is that supposed to mean?"
"Oh, well," Charlie was momentarily flustered, before admitting, "He was my trig teacher as
well."

"No way! What was he like?" I leaned forward, abandoning my chicken tenders.

"Probably not much different than he is now," he laughed. "He was really young, and not as
confident. If anything, he's probably more of a hardass now than he was back then."

I gasped. "You got any good stories?!" Jessica would freak if he did.

"What? No. Eat your chicken tenders. We are not gossiping about your teachers," he chided
me.

I pouted and grumbled, "You know you want to."

Charlie shot me an amused look. "I'll think about it."

"I'll hold you to it," I cheerfully agreed and returned to my dinner.

It was a little later, when he was pulling out his wallet, that I noticed the picture of a young
couple framed within it. Of course, before I could think better of it, I asked, "Who're they?"

"These are your grandparents," he said, tilting his wallet so that I could get a better glimpse
of them

"Oh!" I scrambled to reply. Shit. Of course. I would know that, if I were actually Bella, damn
it!

"I'm not surprised you didn't recognize them. A lot of the pictures up in the house were taken
when they were older. They're very young here, the way I like to remember them," Charlie
reminisced quietly, eyes wistful, and I quite suddenly felt like an intruder. Being witness to
his pain when I wasn't even his daughter? It left me feeling untethered and longing for my
own home.

"Oh, I see." But I didn't see. There were so many pictures of Bella around the house that it
was now mere instinct to avoid every frame, regardless of the picture. I could barely stand to
look into the mirror half the time, and the pictures of Bella were a crushing reminder that I
didn't belong.

So, if there were pictures of Charlie's parents in the house, I'd be the last to know.

"I really should tell you more about them," Charlie smiled faintly. "Maybe one of these days
I'll take you down to the reservation to visit Uncle Quil."

I faltered. "Did you just say Uncle Quil?" I asked weakly.

"You don't remember? I guess you were young the last time you saw him and Aunt Molly.
She's not around any longer. We all thought she would have outlived Old Uncle Quil…"
"So, what you're saying, is that that kid, Quil, is my cousin?" I mumbled, the puzzle pieces
suddenly beginning to fit into a more coherent story.

"Yes! Sorry, Bells. I really thought you remembered. Guess introductions are in order?" he
suggested as he heaved himself from his seat.

"Right," I agreed faintly while he headed over to the register at the counter, wallet in hand.

Suddenly, Jacob imprinting on Renesmee didn't feel so out of the blue, because all the other
wolves had imprinted within the tribe. And if I was blood-related to the tribe, who was to say
any kid of mine wasn't a candidate imprintee?

"Bells? You ready to go?" Charlie called.

"Coming!"

Was it any wonder Alice saw me running for the hills?

The ride back to the house was silent, but with Charlie, it wasn't awkward. Which left me to
my thoughts. And although it was nothing that I really needed to worry about for the time
being, I knew that one day in the future, no kid of mine would be taking a single step into
Forks. I would make sure of it.

Charlie didn't waste any time dressing down and heading for the living room.

"You going to bed, Bells?" he called from the couch.

"Yep. Good night!" I said, but lingered by the kitchen entrance, hesitating when I caught sight
of the pile of mail on the kitchen table. Charlie must've picked it up before we left for the
diner. Conspicuously, I peeked into the living room and found Charlie already settled in, TV
blaring.

It'd been a week since I'd mailed the letter to the author. It's probably too soon to be checking,
but…

I slowly closed the distance and began to shift through the stack, heart pounding, painful and
loud against my ears, mouth dry with anticipation. And there, at the very bottom, I found a
small, crisp envelope addressed to Isabella Swan.

I picked it up with clammy hands, double checking that it was in fact, from Zaire White. And
then my eyes dropped to the return address below her name, and a peculiar feeling fluttered
in my chest.

The return address was not from the publishing company, but was a personal one―which, if I
had to guess, belonged to the home of the author.

And it was located in Portland.
Chapter End Notes



    And now we see why Isabella's trip to Portland was inevitable. Now the question is
    whether she'll allow Eddie to join her or not x)

    Although the fact some of you were excited for her to pull a New Moon is a bit
    concerning. I only meant it as joke xD

    Anyway, thank you for reading! I'll try my best to update soon! :)
   Chapter 23: The One Where Quil Doesn't Understand that the
                Blood of the Covenant is Thicker
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It was Friday when Edward finally lost his patience and confronted me.

   "You know what's in Portland," he accused, gold eyes burning with frustration.

   We only had a few minutes before classes would start for the day. "This probably isn't the
   best time," I evaded and took a pointed step away from his car, towards the direction of my
   building.

   "I don't care," Edward suddenly blocked my path. "I need to know what's going on."

   "What? You haven't asked Alice to take a peek?" I snorted derisively, crossing my arms.

   "It's unavoidable. She's attuned to you now and your indecision is provoking her gift to act
   out." Edward ran a hand through his hair, disrupting the neat array of copper.

   "Indecision?" I repeated, lifting an eyebrow.

   Edward heaved a sigh. "On whether you're leaving on your own, or whether you'll allow me
   to accompany you."

   "Ah," I pursed my lips, not bothering to deny it. I had been debating whether Edward being
   anywhere near Zaire was a good idea. Not that he wouldn't eventually find out, but I clearly
   wasn't ready to have that conversation with him. Not yet.

   In the distance, the bell rang, but Edward stayed rooted in place. With urgent eyes, he leaned
   closer and hurriedly said, "Isabella, it's fine. Don't tell me what's in Portland. But you can't
   make the journey on your own."

   I was so startled by the desperation in his voice, I didn't immediately answer, much to his
   frustration. Finally, I asked, "Did Alice see something going wrong?" Maybe I was wrong
   about Zaire? But Azmon hadn't objected to me seeking out her book; had said it would bring
   me comfort. Couldn't the same be said for the author of the book?

   "Nothing concrete."

   I glowered up at him, and demanded, "What did she see?"

   "We should get to class," he evaded, glancing around the empty parking lot.

   "Oh, so now you want to attend class?"
Edward began steering me in the direction of my first class. "I don't want you to concern
yourself with this, Isabella. You already carry so much knowledge and I see the toll that it
takes on you. Just please, let me handle this?"

Was that how he saw it? As a burden to bear? Maybe everything would have been easier if I'd
never read the books. "Fine. I guess I can't know everything."

Edward chuckled humorlessly. "Yes, that's certainly a first."

I tilted my head and shot him a scowl. "I'm not omnipotent."

"I'm not totally convinced," he muttered, dropping a kiss atop my head outside Mr. Mason's
class, before hurrying off. "I'll see you at lunch."

I paused, staring after him, my own curiosity still burning. Alice what did you see?


"Why don't we join your friends today?" Edward suggested once he met me outside Mr.
Varner's class for our lunch break.

"Eh?" I turned to him and squinted up at his innocent grin. "Are you trying to avoid my
questions?" I guessed. "You know what? Don't bother answering that. Let's go."

I twisted around, switching from the direction of his car to the cafeteria. Edward cheerfully
followed after me, draping an arm across my shoulders.

I gently batted away his hand when he tried picking out food for me in the lunch line.

"No. I know you, and you're going to put everything on the tray," I chided him.

He smirked. "Fine. Show me how it's done."

"I will," I said and proceeded to pick out a bottle of lemonade, tater tots, and an apple.

"You don't like apples," he reminded me.

"I do," I insisted. "I swear I do. Just because this body doesn't like apples doesn't mean I
don't."

Edward shot me a strange look.

"Fine," I grumbled and switched it out for an orange.

"That's it?" he asked,

I shrugged. "You know I have a small appetite." Also not my fault. Bella was a small girl, so
it shouldn't have been so surprising. Although I was slightly disappointed every time. She had
probably been one of those weird kids who refused to eat during snack time.

"Much to Esme's disappointment," he snickered.
We were welcomed to my lunch table by obnoxious clapping from Mike. "Well, well, well.
Look who has decided to join us! Our own Isabella Swan! I thought you were too cool to sit
with us―oof!"

"Knock it off, Mike!" Jessica elbowed him. "Happy to have you back, Isabella!"

"Thanks, Jessie!" I winked at her. "I hope you guys don't mind if Edward joins us today?"

Before Mike could say anything, Angela interjected, "Of course not. We would love it if
Edward sat with us, right guys?"

This elicited one enthusiastic agreement from Jessica, grumbled complaints from Mike and
Lauren, and a cheerful wave from Ben. Everyone else just stared awkwardly.

"Right. Thanks guys," I said a bit dryly and dropped into the chair beside Jessica.

Edward sat beside me, draping an arm across the back of my chair, and asked, "How'd
everyone perform on that Spanish test?"

It was like there had never been an awkward silence to begin with. Suddenly, everyone was
groaning and complaining and acting like Edward had been sitting with us since the dawn of
time, Mike being the loudest of them all.

"It was awful!" he cried. "When she said pariente, I thought she was talking about the park,
so I went on a whole tangent about how the park sucks because it's wet, and I ended up
flunking the oral part of the exam!"

Jessica was patting his arm. "I'm sorry, Mike. That's so tragic," she said sympathetically,
before pulling out a copy of her own exam. "In other news, I aced it!" she grinned, showing
off the brightly penned A on her paper.

"Way to be humble, Jess," Lauren snarked.

Jessica laughed and sang, "You're just jealous because I got Isabella to tutor me and you
didn't~!"

"Wait! You tutor? Isabella why didn't you say anything?" Mike cried.

I didn't explain, simply because I knew Jessica wanted to be the one to tutor him. Not that I
really had the chance to.

"Sorry! I am not sharing her!" Jessica interjected.

"Guys, there's no need to fight over her," Angela sighed.

And so, the bickering continued.

I turned to Edward. "What have you done?"

"It was just a question," he said sheepishly.
"Right…"

My attention was reeled back in when Lauren demanded, "So then? I expect Isabella did just
as well as Jessica?"

I pulled the exam from my backpack. "Nope. I got a B-."

"What?!"

"How?"

Jessica snatched the test from my hands and glanced it over. "Isabella! You forgot the accents
on all of the words!"

"I couldn't remember where they were supposed to go," I grumbled. I only knew Spanish
because I spoke it at home. As a result, my writing wasn't the greatest. "Besides, my grade
didn't drop by that much. I still have an A."

Jessica scoffed. "We still have a couple more exams to go! Okay, we're definitely going to
have to plan a bunch more study sessions! There's no way I'm letting you fail!"

"A B isn't failing." But my words went unheeded by Jessica. I turned back to Edward and
eyed his entertained grin with a frown of my own. "This is your fault."

His grin widened. "Your friends are hysterical."

"Thanks."

Before I could interrupt Jessica's study plan outlined for the rest of the semester, Angela
spoke up, "Isabella, I'm going to the bathroom. Want to come?"

"Oh? We're going to the bathroom?" Jessica asked, already putting her stuff away.

"Yep!" I said, grabbing my bag. I pecked Edward on the cheek. "Don't wait up!"

Lauren surprisingly joined us without a snarky remark. Although that may have had more to
do with Angela's nervous expression than having suddenly found a sweeter persona.

As soon as we entered the bathroom and Lauren had bullied some underclassmen to leave,
Jessica pounced. "What can we do for you, Angie?"

"Well, it was actually a request for Isabella," Angela admitted before turning to me, "Ben and
I have a date tomorrow night, but I'm kind of nervous, and I was wondering if you and
Edward would be willing to double?"

"Aw, why not ask me and Mike?" Jess pouted. "I want to go on a double date."

"Well," Angela began, "Mike's kind of been teasing Ben about me. Not in a mean way, but I
just don't want Ben to be uncomfortable, you know?"
"Oh! No, I totally get it. I'll make sure to tell Mike to knock it off," Jessica nodded. Before
Angela could argue, Jess held up a hand, "Don't even worry about it, Ange! I want this to
work out as much as you do!"

"We all want it to work out," I agreed. "Hell, I'm sure you guys could go on your own and it'd
turn out perfectly fine."

Lauren turned from the mirror, capping her bottle of lip gloss. "And if Isabella and her boy
toy can't make it, I'm sure I can convince Tyler to take me on a date with you lot."

Angela grimaced sympathetically, "You haven't made progress?"

Lauren scowled. "It's just, every time I cut him loose, he gets all clingy. And then as soon as I
give him a chance, he ignores me!"

"So he likes the chase, not the endgame," I surmised.

Lauren rolled her eyes. "Yeah, basically."

Brrrrrng!

"Right, well, let me know how it goes! Let's go, Jessica," Lauren commanded and marched
off.

"Okay! See you guys! I'll call you later about getting a study group together," Jessica called
before disappearing after Lauren.

I exchanged a smile with Angela. "I'll check with Edward, but I'm sure he wouldn't mind if
we joined you!"

"Thanks so much, Isabella! You'd really be doing me a solid!"

"Any time, Ange!" I grinned, hooking arms with her as we headed out to class.


"...My soul finds itself alone…"

"...No Mike, you're being a drama queen is what it is. And stop quoting Poe. That's not even
what that line means," I snorted as we exited the gym.

"You didn't see the look she sent me between periods, Isabella! You don't think she already
wants to break it off?"

"Huh? No, of course not," I said. "She's just annoyed that we spent so much time trying to get
Angela and Ben together, and now you're teasing Ben about Angela."

"Aw, it was all in good fun," he pouted.

"Give it a few weeks, Mike. It's too soon."
"Oh no, you-know-who is coming," Mike suddenly hissed, gesturing towards Jessica in the
distance.

I rolled my eyes. "You can say her name, Mike. She's not Voldemort."

"Oh, right."

"I have to go meet up with Alice. Good luck!"

I jogged off before Mike could use me as a meat shield against Jessica's wrath, and then
slowed to a casual stroll. By the time I reached the Volvo, Alice was already waiting beside
Edward, a gift in her hands. I eyed the gleaming blue wrapping paper with trepidation as she
thrusted it into my hands. "Uh, it's not my birthday?"

Alice quirked an eyebrow. "Don't tell me you already forgot."

I stared at the white bow for a second longer before it clicked. "You got this for Seth?"

"Yes! Well, it won't be from me. It'll be from you!" she beamed.

I caught sight of Edward's exasperated expression and turned back to Alice, "What's the
catch?"

"What? Can't I just do it to be nice?" she batted her feather-duster lashes.

"Sure. But I have a feeling this one's going to cost me. Just spit it out," I poked her cheek.
Not that her stone skin gave away under my touch. I wiggled the sharp pain out of my finger.

"Well, I was wondering if, after the party with Seth, you would come over to my house and
spend the night?" Alice unleashed her Bambi eyes.

"You want to have a sleepover?"

"Yes!" she grinned, "Trust me, it will be so fun! We can do all the slumber party things!
Actually, I can't eat or sleep, but there's so many other activities I have planned! And then, I
can dress you up super cute for your double date tomorrow! It's perfect, Isabella!"

I laughed, "Sure, Alice. I'd love to."

"Oh, thank you! I simply can't wait!" Alice trilled, jumping up to peck me on the cheek. "I'll
pick you up later tonight!" she called as she skipped off in the direction of Rosalie's
convertible.

Edward turned to me, eyes gleaming with amusement. "You're ready to head out?"

"Yep! I don't even have to rush now, since Alice took care of the present for me," I grinned,
holding up the neatly wrapped package. I had been planning to pick up something on the
way, but now it seemed I'd have the extra time to get ready.

We were one of the last cars to head out.
"You can hang around if you want, but I'm just going to shower and get ready," I said once
we reached the house.

Edward smiled, "I always want to hang around. Lead the way."


By the time I arrived to the Clearwater's, the party was already in full swing. Music blasted
from some invisible source, the smell of grilled hamburger meat wafted across the open air,
and shouts and laughter nearly drowned out the music.

Nestled between their small house and the towering cedars, were a dozen tables set up with
bright tablecloths. Colorful streamers and balloons were draped along the branches bordering
their home, and a huge banner that read "Happy Birthday, Seth!" hung across the side of their
house. I made a beeline towards the table overflowing with birthday presents surrounding the
cake, the gift Alice had given me clutched between my hands.

"Isabella, hello!" Sue called out, standing near the grill.

I waved back and made a detour until I reached her side. I belatedly noticed that it was
mostly adults sitting about and chatting away. All the shouting appeared to originate from the
back of the house.

"Hi, Sue!" I greeted her, and waved towards where Harry and Billy sat with some of the other
folk.

"Is your father still at the station?" she asked as she grabbed a plate.

I watched Sue while she picked through the condiments and ingredients to throw together a
burger. "Yeah, but he called and said he'd probably get out a little early. I think he'll probably
make an appearance in an hour or so."

"Oh good! We'd hate to miss him!" Sue beamed at me and dumped a generous portion of
chips onto the plate. "Seth!" she suddenly turned and called, "You have another guest!"

I was surprised when I saw Seth come bounding out from the back of the house. I didn't think
he'd actually hear anything above all the shouting. I ignored the small twinge in my chest that
yearned for my brother. How long had it been now? Had he already turned thirteen?

"Isabella, you came!" Seth bounced up to me.

"Of course. Happy birthday, Seth!" I simply said and held out his gift, instead of pointing out
that Leah hadn't given me much of a choice. I didn't think that'd go over too well with Sue.

"Ooh, thanks! What is it?" Seth asked and curiously shook the box.

"No idea," I laughed, a little amused by the weird look Seth shot me.

"Seth, why don't you take Isabella out back to the rest of the party?" Sue suggested, taking
the gift from his hands and handing me the plate of food.
"Oh, thank you Sue!" I carefully balanced the plate on one hand before it could tip over.

"No problem, sweetheart. Now go on you two!"

"Right, this way, Isabella," Seth clasped a hand onto mine and tugged me around to the back
of the house.

I gaped. "So this is why you guys are being so loud!" I laughed

"Isn't it wicked?!" Seth grinned alongside me.

A massive inflatable pool-like structure was sprawled across their backyard, and mounted at
the very center of it was a mechanical bull. Currently, a boy of about Seth's age was holding
on for dear life as the bull bucked and twisted around and around. Surrounding the inflated
ledge of the frame were reservation kids of all ages, cheering and hollering and nearly
toppling into the bouncy zone.

Finally, the kid came flying off, before bouncing to safety.

"My turn! My turn!"

The shouting grew a little unintelligible as a couple of kids argued over whose turn it was.

"Isabella? Um, can I tell you something?"

My attention was reeled back to Seth and I was surprised by the guilty expression marring his
baby face. "Huh? Of course. Is something the matter?"

"Well, see…" Seth mumbled, before he began to word vomit, "I kind of lied and told Leah
that I wanted you to come to my party 'cause you were so sad the last time you were over,
and I thought you could use some cheering up. Which, don't get me wrong! Obviously you do
need cheering up and obviously going to a birthday party might help. And I'm so glad you
came and I hope it does cheer you up. But actually, I'm worried about Leah. Ever since Sam
broke up with her she's been really down in the dumps. But then she found out he started
dating our cousin Emily, and she's been really angry all the time and I'm really worried about
her and―"

I slid my hand from his grasp and pressed my palm against his mouth. "You want me to cheer
up Leah?" I couldn't keep the disbelief from my tone.

"Um, yeah, basically," Seth mumbled around my hand, before I let it drop back to my side.

"That's a bit of a tall order, Seth."

He winced. "Yeah. I know."

I heaved a sigh, because I knew I couldn't say no to him. Not to Seth. "Go on then, lead the
way."
His transformation was near instantaneous, miserable expression morphing into a blindingly
bright smile. "Come on! She's sitting over on the porch!"

Seth dragged me across the yard, dodging around a couple of kids running about, long
braided hair swinging behind him rhythmically. By some miracle, I was able to keep my plate
of food balanced on my hand, although I might've lost a couple of chips along the way.

"There she is," Seth whispered, unnecessarily pointing in her direction.

"Yes, I can see."

Unlike Seth's claims, Leah appeared perfectly fine, if a bit bored. She was sprawled across
the porch bench, one arm elbow-deep in a family-sized bag of Lays, watching as kids got
flung off the mechanical bull with a dark sort of amusement.

"Hey, Leah! Look who made it!" Seth called when we reached the base of the porch steps,
holding up my hand.

"Um, hey," I said lamely.

"Oh. You made it," Leah noted and chomped on a handful of chips.

"You didn't give me much of a choice…"

Leah shrugged.

"Well...have fun you two!" Seth said and scampered off.

I huffed. "I hope you realize I'm not the problem here," I grumbled, stepping up onto the
porch and taking a seat beside her.

"You mean the part where Seth thinks he's sneaky and tries to play double agent?" she said
flatly. "Yeah, I got the gist of it when I realized he wanted you to come for my sake, not
yours," she rolled her eyes. Despite the annoyance on her face, Leah couldn't completely
conceal the fondness in her tone.

"It's his first day as a teenager. Give him a break," I snickered and lifted the burger to my
mouth.

"Yeah well, he's got plenty to learn."

We sat in a semi-companionable silence while I ate my food and Leah worked her way
through her bag of Lays. I tried to come up with a few reasonable ways I could "cheer" her
up, as Seth had requested, but truthfully, I knew nothing about Leah. At least, nothing before
she phased into a wolf. So far, all I knew was that she was quite the aggressive girl. But I
couldn't tell if that was a result of her breakup and Sam's subsequent relationship with Emily.
Maybe she'd been more mellow before all that?

"So...you want to vent?" I settled on, setting my plate aside. Really, I couldn't offer much
more than a sympathetic ear. I wasn't her friend.
Leah snorted. "Uh, no."

"Now Seth can't say I didn't try."

Unexpectedly, this elicited an abrupt laugh from her. "Sure. Thanks for your award-winning
attempt, Swan."

"I offer nothing less."

"Oh, look, here come the Stooge brothers."

I followed her gaze to Jacob and Quil making their way towards the house, Embry
conspicuously missing from their group.

"Huh. Looks like they're missing a limb."

Leah snickered.

"Isabella! I didn't know you'd be here today!" Jacob called cheerfully, bounding up the porch
steps, Quil at his heels.

"Hey guys," I waved. I'd briefly met all of them at the Super Bowl party, but I hadn't made
much of an impression. I couldn't imagine where Jacob's enthusiasm regarding me came
from.

"Hi Isabella!" Quil grinned, leaning beside Jacob on the porch rail, across from us.

Leah scowled. "You guys are blocking the show."

Jacob rolled his eyes. "Trust me, you're not missing out on anything. It's just Embry getting
his ass tossed around by that damn machine."

Leah nudged me with her elbow and muttered, "Guess that explains where the third limb
went."

My lip twitched as I tried to hold back a laugh.

"We're too late, Jake. Leah's already corrupted her," Quil groaned.

Leah sneered, "It's not like either of you two knuckleheads had a chance with her."

I wrinkled my nose. "Um, one, I already have a boyfriend. Two, I'd rather die than ever date
Quil."

Leah erupted into raucous laughter while Quil buried his face into his hands. Jacob clasped a
sympathetic hand to his shoulder and shot me a glare. "That's a bit harsh."

"Oh. I guess you guys also didn't know?" I shrugged. "Apparently, Quil and I are cousins."

"Wait, what?!"
Before I knew it, I'd been lifted from my seat and into Quil's arms. "Why didn't you tell me?"
he demanded.

"Quil, put me down!" He may not have gone all furry yet, but even at fifteen, Quil already
towered over me.

"Sorry, sorry," he laughed, setting me back on my feet, before shooting Jacob a glare. "No
way you're allowed to date my little cousin, Jake."

"What did I do?"

"Um, actually, you're my little cousin."

"Quil, quit fucking around," Leah scowled, grabbing my arm and yanking me back down
beside her.

"You're just jealous because I have dibs on her now, Leah!"

"Seriously, Quil, what the fuck?"

"I'm still wondering what I did to deserve your rejection, Quil," Jacob grumbled.

"Dude, you're my cousin, not my keeper. Chill out," I said, but not even my words could
dampen his grin.

"Whatever you say, cuz," he shrugged. "Just remember blood is thicker and all that. And
maybe try staying away from Leah? She's a mean one."

"What did you say?!" Leah suddenly shot up to her feet and the duo scrambled back.

"Um, yeah, call me, Isabella! Shit―" Quil cursed as Jacob dragged him down the stairs and
away from Leah's terrifying visage.

"I'm totally going to regret revealing that piece of information, aren't I?" I sighed.

Leah slumped back down beside me. "Most definitely. What a bunch of morons."

We shared a look that conveyed our deep aggravation before bursting into laughter.

"Alright, Swan. Now that you've proven that you're not the bland, skinny white girl I believed
you to be, let me pour out my heart to you."

"You really know how to flatter a girl," I said flatly and then snatched the half-empty bag of
Lays from her. "Also, I'm going to need these."

I sat back and listened as Leah spilled the tea about Sam and Emily―how terrified she'd been
when he'd suddenly disappeared for two weeks during their junior year, the resulting
degradation of their relationship, and then, Emily's entrance into the picture, and how she
accepted Sam's pursuit of her not long after she was mauled by a "bear."
  Despite the aggressive way in which Leah conveyed the story, there was an underlying hurt
  in her voice she couldn't completely mask.

  "...And you don't seem at all surprised by any of this." Leah looked to me with a small scowl.

  I grimaced. "Let's just say I'm more informed than you realize."

  "Well if you can tell me why the fuck Sam started a cult that my dad seems to be in on,
  dropped out of school, and is now dating my cousin―please, enlighten me," she glared.

  I held her gaze steadily, until she finally realized I wasn't joking.

  "Shit. Are you for real?"

  I sat back and set the bag of chips aside. This is for you, Seth. "So, you want to know why
  Sam fucked off with Emily? I'll tell you why."



Chapter End Notes



    So, what do ya'll think of this blossoming new friendship? x)

    Also! The beautiful and totally amazing AnnySakuraRuiz went ahead and translated this
    whole story to Spanish! Check out it out here.

    Until next time! :)
                            Chapter 24: Remains of Dead Dreams
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Leah stared me down, arms crossed and expression flat.

   I leaned back on the rotting log, its sharp, ridged edges digging into my palms. Despite the
   whisper of music and laughter in the distance, there was something crushing about the silence
   that had settled between us.

   I began to second-guess bringing her out here. She looked like she was about to kill someone,
   and unfortunately I was the only one within a fifty meter radius.

   And then, for the first time since I'd revealed the truth of her tribe's legends, Leah spoke.

   "So…Emily is his soulmate?" She folded in on herself, like the world was too heavy around
   her.

   "I…yeah. She is," I said, hating myself for it. I stood to my feet and stepped close,
   momentarily hovering a hand over her shoulder, before ultimately pulling back, afraid she
   would crumble like a house of cards if I so much as touched her.

   "That's…" Leah barked out an incredulous laugh and scrubbed furiously at her eyes. "That's
   bullshit," she whispered.

   "I know."

   "Do you?" Leah lowered her arm and glowered at me. "Tell me, Isabella. How do you know
   any of this?"

   Whatever I meant to say next was cut short by the ringing of my cellphone. I fished it out of
   my back pocket and flipped it open, pressing it against my ear.

   "Isabella!" Alice's soprano voice rang. "What did you do?"

   "Um, that depends," I hedged, "What did you see?" Telling Leah the truth had been an
   impromptu decision. I couldn't imagine Alice had seen much of it.

   Alice sniffed, "You tell me. All I know is that whatever you're up to leads you to canceling on
   me, and I won't stand for it!"

   "Oh," I blinked, taken aback by her dramatic proclamation. "I won't cancel. In fact, I'll just
   head over now. How does that sound?"

   Alice was quiet for a moment, and then she heaved a loud sigh. "I'm not totally clear as to
   why the Quileute girl insists on accompanying you, but I suppose it's the better alternative.
   I'll see you in exactly 33 minutes."
I blinked. "Wait. What?"

But it was too late. Alice had already disconnected the call. I frowned down at my cellphone
before snapping it close and pocketing it.

Leah arched an eyebrow. "Who was that?"

I met her eyes. "Alice Cullen."

Leah's brow furrowed. "…Cullen? Wait. Aren't they…?!"

"Vampires? Yep," I shrugged, dusting off my hands against my jeans.

"…And your friends with them?" she gaped.

Whoa. Wait until she finds out I date one of them. It'll totally blow her mind. "Basically.
Yeah." I pursed my lips in thought. As much as I hated lying, I knew it was the best way to
get Leah off my back. "Look, Leah. No one told me the Cullens were vampires the same way
no one told me Sam and his lackeys are teenage werewolves. I just know things. Always
have."

Leah snorted. "What? Like it's some superpower?"

"Sure. Think of it that way. Edward Cullen can read minds, and Alice Cullen can see the
future. I'm human, so I'm still not the weirdest one of the lot," I shrugged again, heading off
back in the direction of the party.

Leah hurried after me, "Wait! Now I know you're pulling my leg, Swan! There's just no
way!"

"I'd tell you to come see for yourself, but it wouldn't be safe."

"What," she scowled, "As if it's any safer for you."

I stopped and turned to her. "That's not what I meant. It's the proximity to vampires that
activates the wolf gene. And you Leah, will be the first female shifter."

Her complexion paled and turned a little green. "You can't be serious."

"Remember what I said about the wolves sharing a telepathic connection?" I reminded her.
"Do you really want to share a headspace with Sam at the moment?"

"No!" she spat instantly, and then hesitated. "…How long before…?"

I frowned. "About a year."

Her shoulders dropped in relief. "Oh. So, if I see that Cullen girl now, I won't explode into a
giant furball?"
I crossed my arms. "Hard to say. If, for some strange reason, they decided to attack you, then
yes, you would. Otherwise, no. But it would likely speed up the process."

"I'm going with you," Leah decided. "I just…I need to see for myself."

I eyed the stubborn set of her jaw. "Suit yourself." Leah appeared surprised by my lack of
protest. "What? It's no skin off my back. If you want to chance it, I won't stop you."

She flashed me a cocky grin. "Good!" Quieter, she asked as we began heading back, "Is there
really no way to stop it?"

"Like I said, it's the proximity to vampires that's causing the change. Your best chance would
be getting away from here, although I can't guarantee you wouldn't run into some other
vampire. Otherwise, the only thing you can really do is slow down the process."

"How's that?"

I shot her a grin. "Control your temper."

"Seriously?!"

"You've seen Paul?"

She snorted. "Yeah. He looks a breath away from spontaneously combusting."

"Bingo."

"That definitely explains that," Leah grumbled and came to stop beside me once we reached
the tree line. "Oh look, your old man is here. Follow my lead."

"What? Why?" I hurried after her.

"You think my parents are just going to let me visit the Cullen girl's house?"

"Ohh. Point taken."

Leah rolled her eyes. "Hurry up, Swan."

"Yes, ma'am."


When we pulled up to the Cullen mansion, Alice already stood on the steps, lit under the
porch lights and awaiting our arrival.

"Um. What the hell is she wearing?"

I parked the car before giving Alice a once over. "She's just wearing pajamas, Leah."
Granted, they looked like something straight from Regina George's closet. The tank top and
shorts were black silk patterned with pink polka dots. Her black silk robe, fuzzy pink
slippers, and white sleeping mask perched atop her head only served to complete her
ensemble.

"Whatever you say," Leah muttered, before exiting the truck.

I switched off the ignition and hurried after her. "Hey, Alice!"

"Isabella!" Alice flashed a grin in my direction, before eyeing Leah curiously. "Who's your
friend?"

"What? Aren't you supposed to be psychic or something," Leah huffed.

Alice frowned. "Let's head inside." She didn't wait for our reply, and turned to skip back
through the door.

I lead Leah into the front, sprawling room, where Alice waited. Near the staircase, Rosalie
and Esme stood. Whatever exchange they were having came to a halt as soon as I shut the
door behind us.

"Isabella," Rosalie said icily, "Mind informing us why this girl knows about Alice's
abilities?"

I met Rosalie's glare calmly and nodded. "Because of her current situation, I decided to let
Leah in on the secret early. She's meant to become the first female wolf shifter in her tribe."

Rosalie paused, likely caught off guard by my explanation.

Esme moved to my side and took my hand. "Hello, sweetheart," she smiled and then turned
to Leah, "It's lovely to meet you. I'm Esme. If you don't mind me asking, what is your
situation, Leah?"

Despite her obvious apprehension, Leah answered stonily, "My ex-fiancé started acting like a
lunatic, dumped me, and has now moved on with my cousin."

"In other words, Sam became the first wolf shifter in decades, which resulted in him
imprinting on Emily, Leah's cousin," I elaborated.

Esme nodded sympathetically, and even Rosalie's expression had softened.

"You all already understand how the telepathic connection works within the pack. I figured
I'd rather break the news now than have her find out when there's a bunch of guys in her
head," I said with a wrinkle of my nose.

"Huh. Good call," Alice easily agreed.

"…You guys are really vampires?" Leah eyed them warily.

Alice disappeared in a blur, and then reappeared with a parchment bag hanging from her
hand. "Yes," she chirped in Leah's direction before thrusting the bag into my arms. "This is
for you and Rosalie!"
"Rosalie's joining us?"

"I am not wearing that ridiculous outfit, Alice!"

We spoke simultaneously and then exchanged an apprehensive glance.

"She's only joining us if she agrees to the dress code!" Alice grinned. "What about you,
Leah?"

"Not a chance." Despite her blasé response and stony expression, I noticed the sudden pallor
of her skin.

Alice pouted.

"Don't mind her, Alice," I cut in while peeking into the bag. "She shouldn't have come here to
begin with. The longer she is around you guys, the closer the wolf surfaces. No sense in
quickening the transformation."

"She's right," Leah seized onto my excuse like a lifeline. "I should go. But this conversation
isn't over, Swan."

"Sure," I shrugged, and tossed her my keys. "What? You didn't think I'd actually drive you all
the way back to La Push?"

Leah smirked and tossed her long hair back over her shoulder. "Yeah, yeah. I'll see you later,"
she said, giving everyone a quick wave over her shoulder before flouncing through the
doorway.

The door had barely shut behind Leah, when Rosalie complained, "Alice, you can't be
serious."

Alice wagged her finger up at the blonde. "You want to have your chat with Isabella, you
have to wear pajamas!"

"Alice, we don't even sleep."

I pulled out a cute black tank with white polka dots. "Shhh, Rosalie. It's for the aesthetic."

"What she said," Alice grinned.

"Fine," Rosalie bit out, and snatched the bag from my hand, before turning and stalking her
way up the staircase. "Well? Aren't you coming?"

I felt it was safest not to argue with her, but I couldn't help but ask, "You want to chat with
me?"

Rosalie shot me a side glance. "Later."

"Okay," I shrugged. Rosalie was as prickly as they came. I'd already antagonized her enough
in the past. And if she was reaching out despite Alice's ridiculous stipulations, perhaps it was
time to give her a chance.

Once we reached the landing to the second floor, Rosalie dug through the bag and handed me
my pajamas before splitting off to her room.

I did my best to quickly change in the bathroom, but by the time I returned downstairs,
Rosalie was already waiting, and the room had been completely transformed.

Why did I expect anything less? I wondered, gazing at the pink streamers, balloons, and fairy
lights lining the walls, the piles of pillows and blankets artfully folded across the sofas and
carpet, and the candles lit throughout the room, while Avril Lavigne played in the
background. But as soon as I met Alice's hopeful gaze, I knew I couldn't be anything less
than enthusiastic.

"Wow, Alice! This is fabulous!" I grinned, adjusting the pink sleeping mask atop my head
and plodding over to one of the sofas.

"Thank you! And I must say, you look so adorable, Isabella!" she squealed, skipping to my
side and adjusting my hair to frame my face. "Mooom! Can you come take some pictures of
us?"

"In a second, sweetheart," Esme called, loud enough for me to hear her from wherever she
was in the house.

"Isabella, you need to sit like this," Alice directed me to the long sofa situated across the flat
screen, and had me tuck my legs underneath me, before adjusting the pink fuzzy pillows
around me. "Rosalie, come sit on this side!"

To my surprise, Rosalie didn't deign to complain, but instead, complied with Alice's
demands. Then again, she probably didn't mind the chance of being captured on film.

As soon as Alice had adjusted her golden curls to her liking, Esme made an appearance,
carrying a white metal four-tier cupcake stand filled with all sorts of colorful baked goodies.

I gaped. "Esme, you didn't!"

"I hope you'll enjoy them," she offered me a sweet smile and set the stand on one side of the
coffee table.

"Ugh, I can't wait to try them," I sighed, but kept my hands folded on my lap lest I face
Alice's wrath.

"Here, angle it like this!" Alice instructed Esme, leaving the camera in her hands and
bouncing over to my other side.

Once Esme snapped about a dozen shots, she disappeared back in the direction of the kitchen,
and Alice turned to me, gesturing towards the coffee table, "So? What do you want to do
first?"
I eyed the rows of nail polish, makeup pallets, and hair products and meant to wave her off
and let her decide, until I came to the realization that more than anything, Alice wanted me to
engage with her. I shot the tower of goodies a brief glance and suggested, "Pedicure?"

Alice pouted. "You just want to stuff your face."

"Sue me," I grinned, and reached over for the lemon-raspberry muffin perched near the top.

"Have it your way," Alice said, reaching for the polish and dragging my feet onto her lap.
"Rosalie! Can you do lavender for me?"

Behind me, Rosalie rose to her feet, and I took the opportunity to stack the pillows behind me
before leaning back comfortably.

"I'm doing pink for you!" Alice said while scrubbing the chipped indigo polish from my
toenails.

"Fine by me," I said around a mouthful of muffin. "This is really delicious by the way! Thank
you, Esme!" I called, tilting my head back.

"It was my pleasure, darling!" Esme called back from somewhere in the kitchen.

"So what is everyone else getting up to?"

"Emmett left with Edward to Mount Rainier for the night," Rosalie said while she settled
herself cross-legged between the table and couch, pulling Alice's tiny feet onto her lap.

"Carlisle is taking the night shift at the hospital and Jasper is upstairs in his study," Alice
answered as well.

"Jasper didn't go with them?" I asked and chewed thoughtfully on another fluffy bite.

"No, he stayed so he could come hunt with me after they had already left. I wanted to be fully
prepared for tonight," Alice flashed me a grin.

I smiled. "That was sweet of him."

"All done!" Alice exclaimed.

"What? Already?" I wiggled my toes and realized every nailbed had been coated a pale,
shimmery pink.

"Yes! Now put your muffin down so I can do your manicure!"

I pouted and set my half-eaten muffin on the table, before sitting up and relinquishing my
hands to Alice.

"Hey, Rosalie," I said, peeking down. "What's that under the table?"
Rosalie capped the lavender nail polish and set it back on the table, before pushing out the
case into view.

I blinked and stared down at the bracelet making kit. It was the same set Jessica owned. Even
now, through the clear casing, I could pick out some of the faux leather strips and beads I'd
used to make Edward's bracelet.

"Alice…" I turned to her and pulled my hands carefully back once I realized she'd finished
painting them pink. "Have you been spying on Jessica and I's girl nights?" It wouldn't just
explain the kit, but the choice in music and the arrays of nail polish neatly arranged on the
coffee table.

"…Maybe?" For the first time since I'd met her, Alice appeared embarrassed.

"You know, I do these things with Jessica because she enjoys them," I explained gently. "It's
not a human script to follow. Jessica is basically in love with Avril Lavigne, and she's
obsessive compulsive enough to change her nail polish as soon as one nail chips."

Her eyes lit with realization. "Oh…I see."

"What I'm trying to say is, if there's something else you'd rather have us doing, you should
say something."

"Why don't you have Isabella help you with the dress?" Rosalie suggested, pushing back her
hair before coating her nails a bright, crimson red.

Alice pouted. "Rosalie! That was supposed to be a surprise!" she whined.

Rosalie rolled her eyes. "You keep asking me if Isabella would prefer this or that. Why don't
you consult her directly?"

My eyes bounced curiously between them. "What dress?"

Alice shot me a dazzling grin. "I'm designing your prom dress!"

I blinked. "Wow. That's…so sweet of you," I smiled, "You're a darling."

"I assume you won't be needing these then?" Esme called as she made her way over to us, a
tray balanced in her hands.

"No, probably not," Alice admitted with an abashed grin.

I watched as Esme set the tray on the edge of the coffee table and eyed the brushes and little
bowls filled with colorful paste. "What is all that?"

"I asked Esme if she could mix up some face mask recipes I found online," Alice explained.

"Aw! I can't let these go to waste! But, why so many?" I didn't imagine their stone skin
required any sort of skin care.
"They're for different parts of your face," Alice eagerly explained, and began pointing them
out, "That one would be for your cheeks, and that one would be for your nose and forehead,
and that one would be for your chin."

"Alice, why don't you go ahead and help Isabella apply them," Esme suggested. "I'll start
setting up your materials in the dining room. Rose, come give me a hand?"

Rosalie agreed with a silent nod and flew to her feet, before disappearing after Esme up the
winding staircase.

I turned back and allowed Alice to adjust my sleeping mask so that it would firmly hold my
hair back from my face, before she took up a brush and bowl in her hands.

"You really went all out on this, huh?" I mentioned, while she brushed gentle strokes of cool
clay across my forehead.

She smiled sadly. "You're my first human friend. I wanted it to be perfect."

"It is," I assured her. "Not that we need any of this to have a good time, but I'm certainly
enjoying all the pampering!"

"Oh! This is nothing," Alice laughed and leaned over to switch bowls. "Just wait until I take
you shopping!"

"I'm sure that'll be an experience," I matched her grin. "But I hope you're aware I don't have
much closet space."

Alice giggled. "I may or may not be willing to share some of my closet space with you."

I rolled my eyes. "You would."

"Alright, stop talking so I can do your chin," she chided.

I huffed but did as told.

"Okay, I'm done," Alice set the brush aside and shot to her feet. "Come on Isabella, let me
show you what I have so far!"

I took her offered hand and padded after her, in the direction of the dining room. Esme and
Rosalie were already inside, perusing through a massive sketchbook splayed open across the
dining table. Rolls of fabric, cases of sewing needles, pincushions, cutting shears, chalk, and
a sewing machine crowded around it, and to the side stood a headless white mannequin
draped in the beginnings of a dress. I slipped my hand from Alice's grip and stepped closer to
it, allowing my fingers to glide down the dark sheer fabric that made up the long sleeves. At
the bottom, the fabric folded in layers that were meant to gather at the wrists.

"Is this supposed to be see-through?" I asked, skimming a finger along the sweetheart
neckline. Although only half the bodice was pinned to the mannequin, all of it was sheer
fabric that matched the sleeves in a deep indigo shade.
"Yes!" Alice said, skipping over to one of the dining chairs to pick up a deep blue garment.
"This corset will go underneath."

"Is this your final design?" Esme asked, gesturing towards one of the sketchbook sheets.

I joined her side and ran my eyes down the wide pencil strokes detailing an elegant, floor-
length dress, layered in long, flowing ruffles, with the fabric cinched to the left side of the
waist.

"No," Alice said, eyes glazed over. "The final design is unclear, but…" She skipped over, and
Esme gently pulled me aside while Alice took a pencil to hand. Eyes still glassy, she flipped
the page and allowed the tip of her pencil to fly, graphite smudging gracefully beneath her
artful strokes.

My eyes lit up as the dress began to take shape.

While the top remained fairly the same with its long, layered sleeves, the bottom widened
from a tight fit to a billowing skirt. The front was shortened dramatically to knee-length,
while the train remained floor-length, and the ruffles were drawn wider and curlier.

"Was this what you were imagining?" Alice's lips widened into a dazzling grin, eyes once
again focused on me.

I gaped. "It's…wow! Alice, this is incredible!"

"I'm sure it will look lovely on you," Esme squeezed my hand.

"I…thank you," I smiled, eyes bouncing between Esme's sweet smile and Alice's boisterous
grin. "Really, Alice. You are beyond talented."

"We're not done yet!" Alice said and gestured towards the rolls of fabric lined across the
dining table. "What do you think?"

I ran my fingers along their different textures. Most were in darker and lighter shades of
indigo. There was sheer, satin, and silk. "I like all of them…except that one," I pointed to the
only roll of fabric that was not indigo. It was a print flower design that reminded me of my
abuelita's bedsheets.

"Aw, I liked the flowers," Alice pouted.

Instead of making a disparaging comment regarding its old-fashioned
appearance―something I was sure would've been more Bella's style, I said, "It's not to my
taste."

"What about these?" Esme suggested, directing me to a glass case on one corner of the table.
Its subsections held beads and sequins in all sorts of styles. One section specifically
contained little yellow and white flowers in varying sizes.

"Like the meadow," I grinned and turned back to the sketchbook. "What a perfect idea, Esme!
We could sew them along here," I said, skimming my finger along the sketched neckline of
the dress.

Alice clapped her hands and bounced to my side. "Like this," she said, pencil back in hand.
Within seconds, the flowers had been drawn, gathered thickly across the sweetheart neckline
and the top of the shoulderless sleeves, before tapering off into lone petals across the chest
and down the sleeves.

"It's beautiful, Alice. Thank you."

"No, Isabella. Thank you! I'm so eager to get started on this," Alice eyed her materials
wistfully. "But it's your turn to choose something for us to do!"

"Oh, um," I blinked, caught off guard by her suggestion. "We could watch a chick flick?"

"Ooh! I read that's a good slumber party activity," Alice nodded approvingly. "Pick any you
like! We most likely own it."

"Okay―"

"Not that one," Alice cut me short. "It won't be released for another year."

"Oh," I scrambled to think of another option. "How about―"

"I can't even see when that one will be released," Alice pouted.

I huffed and went for a 90's option. "Clueless?"

"Perfect!" Alice clasped her hand eagerly. "Rosalie, can you put in the movie while I clear
out my things?"

I shot Rosalie a startled look, realizing she'd been observing us from the dining room
entrance the entire time. "Sure," she nodded and disappeared.

"Come along, Isabella," Esme steered me in the direction of the kitchen. "I hear popcorn is a
customary snack for movie-watching. Would you like to make some?"

I nodded, eager. "I'd love to!"


My chest was a crater, collapsing in on itself like a crumbling building. My nostrils and throat
burned with the scraping of saltwater and the sound of water currents roaring in my ears
drowned everything else out.

"―calm down."

The blind panic gave away to a dull sense of shock, and then, a soothing peace.

I breathed. And then breathed again.

"…Jasper?"
"Don't stop. Breathe for me, Isabella," he murmured, and I realized his hands were resting on
my shoulders.

"I'm fine," I muttered, sitting up on the couch and shrugging off his hands, squinting around
the dark, candlelit room. "It was just a nightmare."

Jasper arched an eyebrow. "Are you certain about that?"

I narrowed my eyes. "What is that supposed to mean?"

And suddenly, that sickening feeling returned. My breaths shortened, until my sternum caved
in and there was no air in my lungs and tears blurred my vision. My nails scraped uselessly
against my chest and―

"Jasper! Stop!"

―and I could breathe again.

I gasped, scrambling back away from Jasper. "What are you doing to me?!"

Jasper frowned. "I was showing you you're not 'fine.' You're only calm because I'm
manipulating the hormonal balance within your body to keep you from having a panic
attack."

"Not the way to approach this, Jasper," Rosalie snapped from beside me.

"Isabella! I'm so sorry!" Alice hurried over to stand beside Jasper. "Edward told me to not let
you fall asleep without taking your medication, but I didn't notice you fall asleep during the
movie, and then you seemed so peaceful and I didn't see this happening until it was already
too late."

"Alice, why don't you go call Edward. I'm sure Isabella would prefer his company right now,"
Rosalie calmly suggested beside me, carefully placing an arm around my shoulders. "Isn't
that right, Isabella?"

I nodded mutely.

"O-okay," Alice agreed glumly and disappeared from the room.

"Jasper, you're going to slowly lift your influence on Isabella until she can breathe on her
own," she directed him.

He nodded once, expression pensive. "Understood."

"Isabella, look at me." I met Rosalie's warm eyes and felt her raise my hand until my palm
was flat against her chest. "Can you feel as my chest lifts and compresses? Focus on that, and
do as I do."

I nodded and began to breathe alongside her, following the same rhythm. Slowly, the panic
began to creep in, and my breath stuttered, but there was a disconnect between myself and
this body that prevented me from completely going under.

"Good, that's good," Rosalie murmured.

Later, when she allowed my hand to drop back to my lap, I realized I'd shut my eyes. I
opened them and noticed Jasper was gone, along with his influence. I was breathing on my
own.

"How did you know to do that?" I wondered, remembering when Edward had done the same
for me in my living room.

"Before I had Emmett, Edward used to do the same for me," Rosalie confessed with a sad
smile. "You know my story. It's not a happy ending."

"But…you don't need to…"

"I don't need to breathe?" Rosalie shrugged. "It was just something to focus on. To pull me
back from the dark place."

"I see," I murmured, pulling my legs up and tucking my knees under my chin. "Where's
Esme?"

"She's visiting Carlisle during his break. Would you like me to call her?"

"No. I was just curious," I mumbled and tilted my head in her direction. "What did you want
to chat about? Earlier, I mean."

Rosalie pursed her lips. "I don't think this is the best time for that conversation."

"I need to be distracted, and you need to get something off your chest," I said. "I say it's a
win-win."

"I suppose this is the most privacy we'll get," she conceded.

I shrugged. "Probably."

"Why do I get the feeling you already know exactly what I want to say?" Rosalie sighed.

"Maybe because I do?" I said. "You haven't been discrete when it comes to your disapproval
of me. And I know you better than I mean to. I know a lot of you better than I mean to."

"Then I suppose you know my grievances with you?" she murmured, leaning back against the
cushions beside me, legs folded underneath her.

"I suppose I do," I agreed. "If this goes sideways, I've put your family in a bad spot. If it
doesn't, I put my humanity at risk. I'm endangering everything you care and stand for."

Rosalie scowled down at the pillow clutched in her lap. "Tell me, Isabella. Do you want to
join my family?"
"No. But that's not the point."

Her head snapped in my direction, almost as though she hadn't expected my answer. "…Then
what is the point?"

Despite knowing she would approve of my answer, I had thought about how to approach this
conversation. Because even if I had no interest in becoming a vampire, my proximity to their
family put my humanity at risk.

And I'd been ready to go on the defensive. To tell her not everyone wanted what she wanted.
To tell Rosalie to quit projecting her broken dreams onto me. I wasn't some vessel meant to
fulfill every longing she had.

But then I realized―

"Rosalie," I turned to her. "You're living in a fantasy world."

Her eyes narrowed. In the dim light, her eyes gleamed an eerie gold.

"You're angry that Carlisle turned you, but for what? Even if you hadn't been engaged to that
monster, he came from money. You would've likely been engaged to someone similar. You
would've never had the life Vera had," I said gently.

Rosalie broke her gaze from mine. "I know," she whispered.

"Then why hate this existence? Why glorify motherhood?" I wondered, and thought about
my own family. Of about a dozen cousins, I'd been the oldest. I'd watched as one tia struggled
with her ADHD kid, as another watched her child die from cancer, and even as another
struggled to have kids at all. "You expect I'll grow up and have kids and everything will be
dandy fine? It's not a fairytale. Barrenness, miscarriages, kids get sick, kids die―it's not the
fairytale you want it to be."

For a long, somber moment, the silence stretched.

And then Rosalie looked to me with drowning eyes. "I suppose it's easier―to live in a
fantasy world. To imagine it was the life stolen from me, rather than the one I was never
meant to have."

I gripped her hand in my own, as I thought of the life that was stolen from me. "I don't
pretend to know your pain or trauma. All I know is that facing a harsh truth can wreck you in
ways you might not be ready for. But clinging to this lie―it's a disservice to everything
Carlisle and Emmett have done for you."

Rosalie pressed a palm to her eyes. When she didn't shift from her position, I tentatively
wrapped an arm around her shoulders, and she suddenly leaned her heavy, stone weight
against me. But I held her all the same as she cried quiet, wretched sobs unaccompanied by
tears. And I grit my teeth, as a sudden ache rose in my chest.

It wasn't fair. None of it was―not for Rosalie, not for me. And for better or worse, all we
could do was learn to bear the pain.
  Bitterness flooded my mouth. I swallowed it back and wished I were anywhere but here.



Chapter End Notes



    Wow. I did not intend for that conversation to take the turn it did. That was intense.

    Shoutout to brainless19 who made me get off my butt to write this!

    Let me know your thoughts! :)
                  Chapter 25: After All This, Hell Should be Easy
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   My fingers curled tightly around the bedsheets, and I hunched forward, sweat beading on my
   forehead, the tendons in my body taut like coiled springs. But in the midst of my strain, my
   shield gradually amplified into an invisible dome around me, until it encompassed the
   mattress, and then the bed frame.

   I held it for one second, two―

   Snap!

   "Shit," I hissed, collapsing back and clutching my head. The backlash had been sharp and a
   headache had instantly set it in, a blunted dagger digging into my skull.

   "…Isabella?"

   I pushed myself up with one arm and squinted at the tall figure peeking into the darkened
   room, a shadow backed by a long shaft of light.

   "Hey, Edward," I said weakly, my other hand still clutching my head. "Come in."

   The door shut behind him with a quiet click, darkness engulfing us once more. In the next
   second, he sat beside me, gently threading cool fingers through my hair and pressing them
   against my pounding head.

   "Is that better?" he murmured.

   He didn't ask why I wasn't resting. Didn't ask why the glass of water and sleeping medication
   lay abandoned on the nightstand.

   "Yes," I heaved a small sigh of relief as his frigid temperature reduced the pulsing of my
   headache.

   He readjusted his hands, so that his cold palms rested flatly on each side of my skull. "If I
   may ask, what exactly have you been up to?"

   "I…didn't want to go back to sleep," I admitted. "I was working on controlling my shield."

   "…I see. Have you made any progress?"

   "I have." I was surprised to find I wasn't as excited as I should've been. Mostly, I was
   exhausted. My eyes burned with the need to shut them close, and my limbs felt heavy with
   the weight of my fatigue. "How is Rosalie?"
"At the moment? I couldn't say. She and Emmett departed a while ago." He paused, and then
said, "I must confess, I haven't seen her this torn up since before Emmett entered her life.
What did you…?"

"I don't know. I guess…I noticed her complacency," I admitted. "There's no way for her to
become human. So she's comfortable carrying out the human charade, all the while clinging
to a fantasy that was never truly within her grasp. I pointed out her offense is nothing based
on reality, but…" I shrugged and met his bright eyes for the first time. "Maybe it's easier to
allow those ugly wounds to fester rather than to confront them. Or maybe…clinging to her
dreams is all she is capable of."

"I don't believe that." Edward disentangled his fingers from my hair, gently tucking the
strands behind my ear. "Rosalie was hurt in the most gruesome way possible, and yet, despite
the loss of her humanity and every dream congruent to that, she took everything Carlisle
offered her to create a worthwhile existence. She has an unyielding tenacity. I'm inclined to
agree with your first assessment…some wounds are too grim, even for the strongest of us."

I cast my gaze down. "I'm sorry."

Edward pressed his cool lips against my hairline, just above where my baby hairs curled
beside my ear. "Don't be," he whispered. "Rosalie doesn't have to choose to change. You've
merely presented her with the opportunity."

I leaned against him, accepting his words without protest. "Okay."

He held me for a long while after, and though it was easier to believe him―to believe that
Rosalie's choices were not mine to bear―I couldn't help but feel responsible. Rosalie had
walked through this existence with a chip on her shoulder, and in many ways, she was
justified. Who was I to call her out and remind her of her woundedness? I could barely
function myself. I had no room to talk.

I could only hope I hadn't made a mistake.

"Will you get some rest now? It's nearly five in the morning."

I blinked my eyes open slowly, and realized I was already falling asleep.

"Right. Pass me my medication?"

Less than a minute after Edward had helped me take my medicine, I collapsed into a much
more peaceful slumber.


"Isabella, hold still! I'm almost done!" Alice scolded me.

I grinned. "Sorry, sorry. You're being a little rough with that brush, though."

"I'll try to be more gentle," she rolled her eyes.
Despite her exasperation, Alice did sweep the brush across my eyelids a lot more softly. I
held as still as possible, even when the bristles tickled my face.

I felt bad that the sleepover had ended the way it had. Although my conversation with
Rosalie had been inevitable, falling asleep without taking my medication had been my own
fault, and as a result, my panic attack had set the tone for the remainder of the night.

But when Alice reminded me that she wanted to dress me up for tonight's double date, I
figured it was the least I could do. It had certainly brightened up her day.

At last, Alice set her last brush down and trilled, "Perfect! Take a look!"

My eyes fluttered open, and it took me a second to register the face in the handheld mirror as
my reflection. Rosy cheeks, doe eyes emphasized by shadows blended into the creases of her
eyes, mascara lengthening her lashes, and petal pink lips―all combined to make a rather
pretty face.

I dropped my eyes from the mirror and turned to Alice. "Thank you."

Alice's enthusiasm abruptly withered and died. "Isabella…why don't you like your face? It's
lovely."

I offered her a weak smile. "It's not that. It's just…not the face I'm accustomed to."

Her brow puckered into a confused frown. "I don't understand."

I shrugged, helpless.

When I didn't offer anything more, Alice clasped her hands around mine and tugged me to
my feet. "Alright, all that's left is for you to get dressed! I've got a cute outfit set aside for
you. If you can't appreciate your features, you can at least appreciate my style!"

She disappeared in a blur, returning less than a second later, a set of clothes and shoes in her
arms. Carefully, she arranged them on the long marble counter. "Go ahead. Edward will be
waiting downstairs."

I flashed her a grin. "Thanks again, Alice!"

"No, Isabella. Thank you," she shot me a wink, kissed my cheek, and skipped away, shutting
her bathroom door with a silent click.

I unfolded the clothes, careful to keep my eyes locked on the fabric, lest I accidentally meet
the eyes of the stranger reflected in the large mirror above the counter. Like most of the
Cullens' style, the clothes were in neutral colors, simple, but of high quality―a soft,
cashmere sweater, white bootcut jeans, thin-heeled boots, and a warm brown peacoat. Despite
its appeal, I had to hold back a laugh. Weeks later, and 2000s fashion was still a sore sight.

I quickly dressed, careful not to disturb the neat, curly ponytail Alice had styled my hair into.
And once I was confident I remembered how to walk in heels, I clicked-clacked my way out
of Alice's room, through the hall, and down the spiraling staircase.
And at the base was Edward. "Hey!" I grinned. "Ready to go?"

"Of course," Edward turned and smiled, taking my hand.

Esme stepped into view from behind Edward, a camera in her hands. "Isabella, you look
radiant," she beamed. "Edward, won't you compliment her?"

Edward shook his head, eyes piercing my own. "No, mom. Isabella doesn't appreciate
compliments regarding her exterior."

Esme's befuddled expression was soon replaced by an indulgent smile. "Very well. But I hope
you won't mind posing for a picture or two?"

When Edward didn't answer, I realized he was waiting for my initiative. "Anything for you,
Esme."

"Thank you, dear," Esme smiled, and then directed us to stand on one side of the staircase.
She clicked through a couple different shots before setting the camera down and pulling me
into a brief embrace. "Have fun you two," she said, pecking Edward on the cheek, before
waving us out the door.

"Thanks, Esme!" I called as Edward lead me down the porch steps. As we crossed the lawn
towards his car, I turned to him, "What's the evening look like for tonight?"

Edward grinned. "You want to cheat?"

"It's not just us―Angie and Ben will be there too. I'd rather be prepared, especially for
anything concerning your secret."

"I suppose you have a point," Edward conceded as he helped me into the passenger seat of
the car. He disappeared and reappeared beside me in the driver's side. "If you could eat some
of my food during dinner, I would be in your debt."

I laughed. "I guess I could take on a few extra calories for you. But if I get fat, don't wonder
why."

Edward rolled his eyes and reversed out of the driveway. "Don't be absurd."

"I'll be as absurd as I want."

He chuckled, but beyond that, didn't react to my taunting.

We settled into a comfortable silence while we drove to Angela's. The conversations from the
previous night already felt like a far off dream. And though I couldn't help but wonder about
Rosalie, I was all too relieved to shelf those thoughts for a later time. I was tired of being sad.

Angela was already standing in her driveway when we pulled up.

"Hey Angie!" I twisted in my seat to grin at her while she settled in the backseat behind
Edward. "Nervous?"
"Like you wouldn't believe," she laughed breathlessly as she buckled herself in. "Hi, Edward.
Thank you for offering to drive."

"Hello, Angela," Edward flashed her a charming grin over his shoulder before merging back
onto the road. "Don't mention it. I'm more than happy to drive."

I rolled my eyes and whispered over my shoulder, "Trust me, Angie, it's more for his benefit.
He gets all pouty when he can't drive."

Angela released a startled laugh and Edward huffed, "And Isabella gets all pouty when she
has to drive."

I nodded. "He's right."

"You two are funny," Angela grinned, "But it is a long drive. At least allow me to pitch in for
gas."

"That's unnecessary."

Edward said this at the same time I said, "No can do, Ange. Edward's footing the bill on this
one."

"Isabella," Angela sighed with exasperation.

I grinned. "I'm kidding," I winked. "Dr. Cullen is actually the one footing the bill. God knows
Edward doesn't have a job."

Angela was scandalized. "Isabella!"

Edward rolled his eyes. "It's alright, Angela. Isabella thinks she's clever."

"Well I can't make any jokes at Angela's expense. She's too pure," I shrugged.

"How about not making jokes at anyone's expense," Angie suggested.

"That's no fun," I pouted. "But for your sake, I'll try to be nice."

"Oh, please do," Angela muttered, eyes glued to the window as we pulled up to Ben's house.

"Here he comes," I grinned, watching Ben as slowly jogged across the driveway, before
sliding into the seat directly behind me.

"Hey guys," Ben greeted us cheerfully, and then turned a little more shyly towards Angela,
"Hi Ange."

"Hi Ben," she said, just as shyly.

Oh my gosh, they are precious! Edward and I locked eyes, and for a moment, it was as
though our thoughts had synced.

Before the silence could become awkward, I piped up, "So do we know where we're eating?"
Fortunately, that got the conversation rolling as we started the drive. We discussed the few
restaurants in Port Angeles, before we settled on the small Italian place I had eaten at the last
time I'd driven out there with Jessica. It was mostly due to my own insistence. I figured soup
would be easier for Edward to pretend to eat than pizza or burgers.

And after we settled on watching a movie afterwards, Angela pulled a folded sheet of paper
from her purse. "Jess printed out the showtimes using her printer," she said, unfolding it
across her lap. I turned back again and listened as she listed out the movies playing tonight,
along with a brief synopsis for each, starting with the chick flicks Jessica had highlighted on
her behalf.

Ben's eyes remained glued to her, attention fully captured by her soft voice.

I, on the other hand, nearly snorted when Angela made a passing mention of the one vampire
film currently in theaters. Edward shot me a deadpan look.

"―oh, and Jess mentioned you wanted to watch Constantine, Isabella?" Angela glanced up
and met my eyes.

Besider her, Ben perked up. "Yeah, didn't that just come out yesterday?"

"It did," I grinned. "It's a horror-fantasy film based on the Hellblazer comics, so I'm not sure
it'd be your cup of tea, Angie."

She shot Ben a discreet glance, before meeting my eyes once more. "I'd be willing to try
something new. What do you think, Edward?"

Edward smirked. "I would've taken Isabella to watch it regardless. I won't squander the
opportunity."

I beamed. "Then it's settled."


"―and of course, because I can never quite pin down what Isabella will do at any given
moment, I realized too late that she would be capable of actually launching herself at the
man," Edward heaved a wary sigh. Across the table from us, Ben snickered and Angela, who
had already heard the accurate version of the story from me, merely shook her head in defeat.

"In my defense, I wanted my money back," I shrugged unrepentantly while munching on my
breadstick. I swallowed and added, "How was I supposed to know the thief wouldn't swim
away with my purse?"

"Perhaps because it's the middle of winter and the water is ice cold?" Edward suggested,
pushing his drink towards me when he realized I'd already emptied mine.

"What can I say? I panicked," I laughed.

"How on earth did you not take a dive if you were already near the end of the pier?" Ben
wondered, snatching another breadstick.
"Oh, I did," I assured him and jabbed a thumb towards Edward, "Fortunately for me, this guy
caught me. The other guy wasn't so lucky."

"You know, I heard a bunch of different versions of this story," Ben admitted, "But none of
them fully live up to the original."

"They don't," Angela agreed, exchanging a smile with Ben. "Which makes me relieved that
Edward is around. I've noticed Isabella has a penchant for getting caught up in trouble."

"Angie, please don't call me out like that," I sniffed.

Edward chuckled beside me. "Someone should."

"Hush, babe. That food has arrived!"

Edward rolled his eyes, but chose not to argue. Meanwhile, I scooted back as the server
placed a steaming plate of chicken and shrimp carbonara before me, and a warm bowl of
chicken and gnocchi soup in front of Edward. Per Angela's request, we spoke a brief prayer
over our food, before we dug in―with the exception of Edward, who pretended to sip at his
soup.

"Hey Angie," I piped up, setting my fork down, "Do you mind asking the hostess for the
time? I left my cellphone in the car." The brilliance of this era was that not everyone carried
cellphones so casually, and from what I could see, neither Angela nor Ben wore a watch.

Helpful as always, Angela agreed with a smile, "Of course, Isabella."

As soon as she'd gotten up and stepped away, I turned to Ben, "You should go with her, Ben."

"I should?" he blinked, appearing a little baffled by my suggestion. When I didn't budge, he
stood to his feet. "Sure I guess."

As soon as his back was to the table, I turned to Edward and whispered, "Quick, pour it into
the cup."

Edward didn't need to be told twice. Swiftly, he snatched my tall empty glass and poured
nearly half his soup into it. "Eh, good enough," I shrugged, before carefully balancing the full
glass between my hands and hurrying to the bathroom, where I dumped it down the sink.

I had barely stepped back out, when I nearly ran into someone. "Angela!" I squeaked, hiding
the cup behind my back. "Are you alright?"

Angie fiddled with a strand of light brown hair, curled into a perfect ringlet. "Yes? I'm not
sure. Do you think the date is going okay?"

My expression instantly softened. "Of course! Ange, he adores you!" I assured her, hooking
my free arm through hers and steering her in the direction of the tables. "I'm sure by the end
of the night you two will be comfortable enough to do this solo!"

Angela smiled, relieved, "You really think so?"
"I know so," I replied distractedly, as I casually abandoned the glass at an empty table
without pausing in my step. "You two are perfect together."

"Thank you, Isabella," she grinned. "By the way, it's only 5:30. We have plenty of time before
the movie starts!"

"Huh?"

"You wanted to know the time?" she reminded me. "I thought because you didn't want to be
late for the showing?"

"Oh, right! You're right, Angie," I hurried to agree. "That's a relief to hear!"

Angela shook her head with fond exasperation. "Of course it is."


Perhaps I should've remembered exactly what Constantine was about, before insisting we
watch it. In the midst of my nostalgia for the movie, I'd forgotten John was a character
damned to hell, trying to buy his way into heaven. That premise was a bit too familiar for
comfort.

And I myself regretted choosing to rewatch it near the end, when the character Angela was
possessed. Watching the demon press and push up against her stomach had me suddenly
remembering Bella's hybrid daughter and the birth from hell. I grazed a hand against my
belly. Yeah, not in this lifetime.

The movie wasn't quite over when Edward quietly excused himself from beside me. I
checked on Angela, whose hand was clasped in Ben's, before I silently followed after him.

Once I reached the dim lit hall, I called, "Edward, where are you going?"

"Hell, most likely."

I snorted. "Yeah, no. I meant like, right now."

He chuckled and turned to face me. "I apologize for my sudden escape. I just needed a
moment."

"…Are you okay?" I dropped my amused expression for one of concern.

Edward crossed his arms and heaved a sudden, pained sigh. "I suppose I was just wondering
if the same could be possible for Carlisle. I could think of no one more deserving."

It took me a moment to realize he was referring to John's redemption at the end of the film,
when his self-sacrifice allowed him entry into heaven.

And then I thought of my own encounter with death. Like the Cullens, I hadn't been biblically
prepared for any of it. "I'm sure it's possible," I said, not to placate him, but because at this
point, I believed anything was possible. "I know him better than I mean to. I can't imagine
Carlisle going any other way." And although I didn't have a close relationship with Carlisle,
reading about him through Edward's perspective had certainly given me a biased view of
him. "Do you remember that book you let me borrow? About the man who made the journey
from hell to heaven?"

"Yes, I remember the one."

"After reading every encounter that took place in that story…I can only come to the
conclusion that heaven is a choice," I said. "Even being what you are, you all have free will.
And making the choices that you all make―I believe it counts for a lot."

Edward gazed at me, eyes soft, and then he wondered, "Would it be strange to say you
remind me of Carlisle?"

My eyebrows shot up high and I coughed a laugh into my fist. "Yes. Very strange. I can't
imagine how you made that comparison."

"It's the hope in your eyes," he smiled sweetly, tucking one of the curls framing my face
behind my ear. "It is Carlisle's hope that has always made this existence a little easier to bear.
Seeing the same light of conviction in your eyes fills me with courage to face the things yet
to be seen. Whether that is heaven…or hell."

I faltered. Knowing that Edward believed he was damned was one thing. Confronting it? I
wasn't so sure I was ready to unpack every grievance that came with believing one didn't
have a soul. And I believed Edward had a soul. But to show him that? I didn't know where to
begin.

An abrupt murmur of voices erupted around the hall as the auditorium emptied beside us.

Before we could be interrupted, I clasped a hand around his and said, "It's a wonder I have
any conviction left. I've lost a lot, Edward, and I've become a stranger. But…I'm learning to
live around the gaping hole of absence that is in me. Because if I don't, I will die right
alongside everything I've lost."

I had hope because it was my final lifeline. And if Edward could find hope in me, then maybe
he could find a shared grief as well. Some things were too painful to bear alone.

Edward hummed in thought, tugging me closer and dropping a kiss atop my head. "In my
ceaseless effort to understand you, I don't believe I've come as close as I have now."

I smiled. "What's the verdict?"

"I'd like to save my answer for a more appropriate time," he winked, reaching into his pocket
and pulling out his buzzing phone. "Alice, what is it?" he answered, tucking me under his
arm while Alice spoke on the other end.

I swept my eyes across the dim hall, littered in popcorn crumbs and sparse of people, Ben
and Angela nowhere in sight. I wrapped my arms around Edward's torso and leaned against
him while I waited. He hardly said a word on his end, and I wondered what was going on in
the Cullen household if Alice had so much to say.
When he finally snapped his phone shut, I glanced up and asked, "What's going on?"

"Later," he whispered, nodding his head towards where Ben and Angela were finally exiting
the auditorium, hands still clasped together.

I grinned. "What took so long?"

"Aw man, you missed it!"

As we headed out the exit doors, I listened to Ben as he told us about the post-credits scene
we had missed. All these years, and I'd never even realized there was a post-credits scene.

"So, what did you think, Angela?" I asked as we buckled ourselves inside Edward's car.

"Ah, it was…interesting," she said. "Although, I couldn't help but compare everything to
biblical canon."

"Right?" I agreed with a startled laugh as we exited the parking lot and Edward merged into
traffic. "It's nothing I ever learned in Sunday School. Was it anything similar to the comics,
Ben?"

"Um, no, not really actually," Ben admitted, scratching his cheek. "In the comics, John lives
up to his conman nature and sells his soul to a bunch of demon lords in order to force them to
go to war over him. So his cancer is cured by them, but obviously not for the same reasons as
in the film."

"That sounds more in character for him actually," I nodded. "He's not very nice."

"He really wasn't," Angela agreed. "It's too bad his change of heart isn't true to the original
story."

"Most of it wasn't true to the original story," Ben shrugged.

"How so?"

Edward's question had Ben launching into an animated retelling of the story the movie had
been loosely based off of. Beside him, Angela listened aptly, appearing charmed by Ben's
enthusiasm. I listened with half an ear, distracted by Edward's pensive expression.

Despite my curiosity regarding Alice's phone call, I knew there was no sense in asking while
in the company of Angie and Ben. Fortunately, Edward's heavy-footed driving ensured we
arrived back in Forks in nearly half the time it would normally take.

"This is your stop, Ben," I interrupted them with a small twinge of regret.

"Oh," Angela blinked, face dropping with disappointment. "I guess I'll see you at school?"

"Of course!" Ben agreed eagerly. "Bye, guys! …Bye, Ange."

"Goodnight, Ben," she waved as he slid from his seat and out of the car.
  Once he'd made it across the driveway and inside his house, Edward took off. I turned, ready
  to chat with Angela, until I realized she was gazing out the window, expression dazed. I
  turned forward again, allowing her her space. Jessica would grill her later enough for the both
  of us.

  Once we dropped her off and bid her goodnight, I shot Edward an expectant look.

  He heaved a resigned sigh. "Our cousins are visiting. They want to meet you," he explained
  shortly. "Certainly, you're allowed to decline."

  I paused and then asked, "You're allowing me to choose?" I didn't think Edward would be
  willing to allow me near others of his kind. Not that I blamed him. After everything, I wasn't
  eager to put myself in any further danger.

  Edward grimaced. "It's not ideal, but Alice is certain everything will work out fine. And she's
  eager."

  "Eager, huh? Is there something you aren't telling me?" I arched an eyebrow.

  "Yes, but only because they haven't told me either," he grumbled.

  I laughed. "Then I guess we have no choice, but to find out."

  "If you're sure," Edward said in a resigned tone, and turned at the next light, driving towards
  the outskirts of town in the direction of his house.

  I wasn't totally, but I was curious enough to shrug off his petulant tone. "Step on it," I
  grinned.



Chapter End Notes



    And we finally get to meet the Denali Coven! Who's excited? x)

    Anyway, please share your thoughts on the chapter! I'm eager to know what y'all think!
    :)
          Chapter 26: The Bigger the Family, the Bigger the Pain
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   For once, the vast room at the entrance of the Cullen home felt full with its addition of six
   more bodies.

   "Isabella, welcome," Carlisle moved forward to greet me with a fond smile. "If you'd allow
   me to introduce you to our extended family?"

   "Sure," I agreed, eyeing the three blondes and the two brunettes who had risen from the
   sitting area to step closer, a myriad of curious expressions amongst them. Beside me, Edward
   tightened his hold on my hip.

   "Did you not say the human was gifted?" said the one with the strawberry blonde curls in a
   distinct accent. "She must already know."

   I rolled my eyes. "Tanya, I presume."

   "Ah, so her tricks do work," she chuckled. "Unless Edward has previously mentioned me?"

   "Uh, no. I was able to pinpoint you based on your charming personality," I said flatly.

   Behind them, Emmett erupted into uproarious laughter. "She's got you there, Tanya!"

   Tanya didn't appear at all put out. "So I see."

   "Tanya, don't be rude," her sister―the one with the waist-length, pale blonde hair―chided
   her. She then turned to me with a brilliant grin, "Isabella! It is truly wonderful to meet you."
   Like Tanya, her voice carried a noticeable accent. Her 'wonderful' sounded more like
   'vanderfal' and her r's and l's devoured every other consonant.

   "Likewise," I answered, while trying to remember what country her and her sisters originated
   from. Russia? Hungary? Slovakia? "Kate, was it?"

   "I see Garrett was not exaggerating your abilities," she chuckled.

   "I guess not," I shrugged as Garrett joined Kate, draping a casual arm across her shoulders.
   They made a lovely couple―although what vampire pair didn't? He shot me a cheerful grin
   and I smiled in return, "Hey Garrett. I see you didn't waste a second."

   Before he could reply, Tanya scoffed and muttered, "The understatement of the millennia."

   The smallest of the blondes pressed a hand to her shoulder. "Compose yourself, sister. That
   discussion is no longer up for debate," she reminded her quietly and turned to face me. I was
   struck with a flood of emotions as I faced Irina. She was not at all what I had imagined―and
   how could she be? I had once read about a woman full of grief for a man who'd hardly cared
for her in the same way; a woman who incidentally betrayed her family and met death as a
result.

The reality? She was a girl―smaller than even myself in this body, with smooth, chin-length
locks that added to her youth, and a sweet smile. "Hello. We have heard so much about
Edward's beloved. It is a pleasure to finally meet you, Isabella."

"The pleasure is mine, Irina," I said, while I smothered my guilt. I didn't believe Laurent to be
deserving of her, but who was I to decide that?

I was unable to maintain contact with her warm, honey eyes and inadvertently met Carmen's
eager expression instead. The brief moment was all the encouragement she needed to step
closer. "Escucho que hablas mi idioma nativo?" she asked, her accent distinctively Spaniard.
I hear you speak my native language?

I grinned. "Escuchaste correctamente. Es un placer conocerte, Carmen," I greeted her with
my own accented Spanish. You heard correctly. It's a pleasure to meet you, Carmen.

"Ese acento! De dónde se origina?" her eyes lit up with curiosity. That accent! Where does it
originate from?

I wasn't too caught off guard by her question. Knowing the type of bloodshed that was
common amongst their kind in the south, I doubted many vampires casually traversed
through Mexican territory. It's likely Jasper would be the only one here familiar with my
accent.

Before I could answer Carmen's question, Eleazar cut in, "I'm sure you'll have plenty of time
to converse with Isabella, dear." He then turned to me. "Buenas noches, Isabella. I have had
some interesting conversations with Carlisle, regarding your warnings about the Volturi. I
would like to reassure you that, so long as we remain complicit to the law, there is nothing to
worry about. You are correct in assuming Aro is an ambitious man, but he is also a fair one.
We would not be able to live the way we do if it were not for his rule."

I tilted my head in thought. He wasn't wrong. In the context of being a vampire, someone like
Aro was necessary. What rubbed me the wrong way was how much like a politician Eleazar
sounded. He had freely admitted to Aro's ambitions―like the annihilation of Heidi and
Victoria's coven was nothing more than an inconvenience. Not that Eleazar had even been
alive at the time of their slaughter. But I didn't doubt he'd been present for similar
circumstances.

It left me wondering if Eleazar truly believed that there was nothing wrong with Aro's
ambitious nature, or if Chelsea's influence was really so far-reaching.

In the end, I shrugged. "We'll agree to disagree."

His resulting expression of befuddlement was comical.

Garrett snickered. "Eleazar, don't be such a stick in the mud. We're here to celebrate, not talk
politics!"
Eleazar's shoulders slumped. "My apologies," he offered, while Carmen patted his arm in
comfort.

"Celebrate?" I asked instead, eyeing Alice, Rosalie, and Esme who remained seated around
the coffee table, a pile of magazines between them. "Edward did say you had something to
ask me." I tilted my head back and caught a glimpse of his pleasant smile.

"Congratulations," he said in the direction of Kate and Garrett.

My eyebrows arched and my eyes darted across the beautiful faces around me while I waited
for someone to explain what the hell was happening.

Fortunately, Kate took pity on me. "Isabella, we do have something to ask of you. If you are
uncomfortable, do not feel obliged, but…you lead Garrett to me. I am eternally grateful, and
so…I was wondering if you would like to, alongside my sisters, be one of my bridesmaids."

"Wait. You're getting married?" I stared, stupefied while they nodded eagerly. "But…you met
like a week ago."

"At last!" Tanya threw her hands up in an exasperated gesture. "Someone who speaks sense."

Going by their expressions of long-suffering, this likely wasn't the first of her complaints.

Garrett directed her with a deadpan look. "Tanya, you're the one who insisted we do this."

Tanya rubbed at her temple, as though warring off a headache. "You two would have been on
the other side of the continent by now if it were not for that. Forgive me if I was not so eager
to have you steal my sister in such short order."

Kate smiled fondly. "Sister, we simply wanted privacy to get to know each other better. If this
ceremony is what you require for us to receive your blessing, then so be it. Please do not
despair. I will not disappear for all time."

Tanya smiled weakly in return. "No, I should hope not. This is all just very sudden."

"I'll say," I muttered in agreement.

Kate grinned. "When you know, you know."

"So? What do you say, kid?" Garrett asked.

"Depends," I said. "When's the ceremony?"

"We were hoping to have everything ready by this weekend," Kate said eagerly.

"Oh. I'm sorry," I offered sincerely. "I'll be out of town this weekend." I didn't offer any
explanations beyond that. Portland was already complicated enough without having to
explain it to the Cullen's extended family.
To my shock, Tanya shot me a toothy grin. "Perfect. We will simply extend it by another
week."

I eyed Kate's pout and Garrett's eye roll with trepidation. "Please don't do that on account of
me."

"Oh, but we insist," she said while eyeing the happy couple with a disgruntled frown. "The
more time we have with our beloved sister, the better. She will wait."

"It wouldn't be the worst idea. Having an extra week to arrange this would make things easier
on our end," Alice piped up from where she sat on the couch, her sketchbook on her lap.

"Oh, very well," Kate agreed, much to Tanya's satisfaction.

Tanya then turned and strutted to my side. "If you would relinquish your darling girlfriend
Edward, we have much to discuss with her."

Above me, Edward rolled his eyes, and instead of releasing his hold on me, he guided me to
where the rest of the woman had converged, only dropping his hold on me once I sat snuggly
between Alice and Rosalie on the white sofa.

"Don't get too comfortable," he warned me. "I'll need to drop you off at home within the
hour."

"No worries. Esme will soften Charlie up if I'm even a little late," I winked and then looked
to Esme, "Charlie can't say no to you." It was because of her that I hadn't heard a single
complaint from him in the midst of my absence from home this entire weekend.

"I'm simply grateful he's been so willing to share you with us, sweetheart," Esme beamed.

Edward strode off to properly greet Eleazar and Garrett, and Jasper and Emmett vacated the
area to make room for the rest of the women. I accepted the magazine Alice dropped into my
hands, and realized it was one compiling different types of flower arrangements when I began
flipping through it.

"Place a tab on that one," Rosalie suggested before I could flip to the next page, and handed
me a set of sticky tabs. I eyed the display of red marigolds and white gardenias, dotted with
gold hyacinths.

I stuck a tab at the top and asked, "Is this the color scheme we're going for?"

"Yes. Mainly the red and white, but gold is also acceptable," she murmured while flipping
through her own magazine.

Going by the lack of scathing glares directed towards me, I assumed Rosalie and I had
reached neutral territory.

I relaxed against the cushions and flipped through the next few pages, a little more confident
now that I knew what to look for.
Beside me, Alice tilted her sketchbook in my direction, "What do you think so far, Isabella?"

"Um, shouldn't that be a question for the bride?" I asked, but nonetheless ran my eyes across
the knee-length dress Alice had drawn and colored.

It was white and poofy at the shoulders, with elaborate patterns on the hem of the elbow-
length sleeves, the waistline, and the fringe of the skirt. Over it was a crimson vest with
patterns consisting of roses. It was coupled with a pair of black boots and atop the head of the
faceless model was an elaborate crown of red flowers, dotted with holly, gold and scarlet
ribbons trailing from each side.

"These are the bridesmaid dresses," Alice explained. "Your opinion counts!"

"Oh. It's…foreign," I said, for lack of anything else. It was hard to criticize Alice's work
when I was unfamiliar with the sisters' culture.

"Yes, we decided on a traditional Slovakian ceremony," Tanya said, glancing up from where
she sat in between her sisters. Rather than occupy the couch across from Esme and Carmen,
the trio kneeled on the thick carpet, crowding the coffee table. "Let me see what you have
there, Alice."

With a chipper grin, Alice flipped the sketchbook in their direction. The sisters ooh'd and
ah'd.

"That is simply divine, Alice!" Irina grinned. "I cannot wait to wear it myself."

"You have outdone yourself once again," Tanya smirked. "Have you begun the design for
Kate's dress?"

"Of course," Alice sniffed. "It's actually completed. All that's left is to design her flower
wreath. And then I can get started on the men."

"I am positive it will exceed all our expectations, Alice," Kate said blithely, like the most
unconcerned bride I'd ever had the fortune of seeing.

"It will," Alice chirped, and placed the sketchbook back on her lap, flipping over to a
different page where she had composed a white, floor-length, sleeveless dress with dramatic
ruffles splayed across the shoulders and bodice, paired with a long, white shawl with red
patterns just above the tassels, matching the red patterns on the hem of the dress.

It was just as foreign as the bridesmaid dresses, but beautiful regardless.

"Are we making the flower wreaths by hand, or ordering them?" Rosalie wondered.

Alice pursed her lips. "They'd have to be made the day of, if we want the flowers to be fresh."

"I'm sure Esme and I can take care of that, mija," Carmen offered.

"That's perfect. Thank you, Carmen," Alice beamed.
"It would be simpler if we assigned roles now," Irina suggested. "Alice is already busy
making the dresses. How about I make a list of everything that needs to be ordered?"

"I want to order the shoes myself, but everything else Esme or Rosalie can take care of,"
Alice allowed.

"Okay, we will certainly need some lights―maybe fairy lights? Or candles? Or both," Irina
decided with a firm nod, jotting it down on a sticky note. "Some gossamer. Maybe an arch for
the ceremony…"

"Allow me," Tanya cut in. "I'll design the layout of the scene and tell you exactly what we
need."

The two leaned over a blank piece of paper and began a rough sketch.

"I'll choose the florist," Rosalie added belatedly.

"…I feel like I should somehow be contributing to this," Kate said idly, leaning back on her
palms and watching her sisters.

"You could start thinking about your vows," I suggested while watching Alice color in the
flower wreath she'd just designed for Kate. "Or make a playlist for the reception."

She sat up and shot me a grin. "I knew I asked you to be my bridesmaid for a reason," she
winked, picking up a pencil.

"I'm honored," I laughed. "Really, this is the last thing I expected when Edward said his
cousins were visiting."

She glanced up and leaned a cheek against her palm, "Funny. When Garrett dropped in on us,
your involvement with our dear cousins was the last thing we expected. Cousin Edward is a
little odd, but I was more surprised knowing Carlisle had allowed it. From what he has
shared, he was once very close with Aro."

"I'm aware," I agreed, "But Edward never exposed your secret. He wouldn't endanger his
family so casually."

"Right," Tanya cut in, "Garrett shared with us that you have a strange gift of knowing."

"Something like that."

"And you could not have waited another century to send him our way?" Tanya asked. And
although her tone suggested she was joking, the resigned look in her eyes said otherwise.

I shrugged, "I didn't realize it would cause your coven so much grief."

"Do not mind her, Isabella," Kate laughed, "She is simply being dramatic."

"I am not. I have every right to be concerned," Tanya muttered.
Kate rolled her eyes. "Enough about that. Tell us, how did you charm Edward? God knows
Tanya has been trying for decades."

Tanya huffed but did not dispute her.

I glanced over, but realized the men had disappeared. Although it was unlikely they had gone
far, seeing as Edward was my ride home.

I pursed my lips and admitted, "Between you and me, I think it was the mystery aspect."

"Oh, you bet it was," Alice trilled, "He hardly ever shut up about you. I mean, I was as
curious as the next person, but he tends to get a tad obsessive."

"I believe you," I snickered.

"See? I told you you were coming on too strong," Kate chided her sister.

Tanya flipped her curls over her shoulder with an expression of unrepentance. "Hard to keep
an air of mystery when the boy can read your every thought."

"I guess I do have that advantage," I conceded.

"Two gifts! And while she is still human. Only Edward could have such impossible
standards."

"I do not think it is as complicated as that," Irina refuted her, and then glanced towards me,
"He is different―happier. It is likely that is simply it―you make him happy, Isabella."

I blinked and smiled softly. "Yes, I hope so."

"Es verdad," Carmen tittered. It's true.

"Yes. If Edward had allowed it, we could have had fun together. But…I doubt it would have
been anything more than that. I have never seen the boy look so relaxed," Tanya shook her
head in disbelief. "You are it for him, Isabella."

I nodded, at a loss for words. Tanya's approval was unneeded, but unexpected.

Above her magazine Esme shot me a fond grin. I returned it and was relieved when the
conversation turned to what kind of music should be played at the reception.

"Perhaps, we should stick to folk. It would feel more authentic," Tanya suggested.

"Aw, come on. We can afford to be a little modern. No―Tanya, do not cross that off! I like
Britney Spears!"

Before I could wrap my head around the fact that Irina was a fan of Britney Spears, Edward
popped by, hair and coat slick with rain.

"Time to go," he said.
"Alright," I reluctantly agreed, setting my magazine down.

"Don't worry, Isabella. We're kidnapping you after school tomorrow," Alice reassured me.

I laughed and followed after Edward. "I'm counting on that. I'll see you all tomorrow!"

The girls gave me their own variations of a goodnight, until I finally made it through the front
door.

"What have you been up to?" I asked Edward, eyeing the water clinging to his skin.

"We were out back," he said, and I understood once I was no longer under the cover of the
porch and was hit with the light patter of rain. We hurried over to his car.

Once we were settled inside, Edward started the car and continued, "Eleazar was showing us
some of the fighting styles traditional to the Volturi. Garrett wanted to compare it to the style
of fighting from the Southern Wars."

"Well. That's one way to welcome Garrett into the family."

"He's a veteran. I don't believe there was any other way," he laughed. Edward then said, "You
certainly made an impression on Eleazar."

"What? You mean when he gave me his little speech and I completely shot him down?" In
retrospect, I could've been more polite about that.

Edward smirked. "That was hilarious. But no, I meant regarding your gift. Although Garrett
had already made him aware of your mental shield, he was taken aback by the strength of it.
He said it was beyond the realm of what he believed to be possible."

I blinked. "That sounds a bit theatrical."

Edward shook his head in disagreement. "You have to understand, he was comparing it to the
gifts of vampires. Gifts, that unlike yours, have already been enhanced by the venom."

"Oh. Okay. I see how that could leave an impression," I admitted.

"More specifically," he continued, "He was comparing it to Renata's gift. She is Aro's
personal guard, and although her shield is physical, not mental, he deduced that yours was
likely a hundred times more potent."

I nodded. "That makes sense."

Edward shot me a look. "You're not surprised."

"Renata is only able to push out her shield at max, a couple meters. Although I don't know
the full extent of my shield's potential, I know it's capable of covering much more ground
than that."

"That's…incredible."
I smiled. "Tell me that once I'm actually able to do it."

"I have no doubt you will," Edward said with a grin.

Knowing how irritatingly slow my progress was at the moment, his vote of confidence was
nice. My smile softened. "Thanks."


I waited for Charlie to take the first bite of his chicken quesadilla, before asking, "So, would
it be cool if I spent the weekend at the Cullen's again?"

Mouth full of food, Charlie was unable to immediately shoot me down. When he finally
swallowed, he asked, "Will Edward be there?"

I shrugged. "We can kick him out."

Charlie arched a skeptical eyebrow. "…I don't know. You've been spending a lot of time there
this week. Don't you think you might be overstaying your welcome?"

"That's unlikely," I snorted and quickly backtracked in the face of his stern expression. If I
wanted to go to Portland without him being the wiser, I needed to convince him of this.
"They love me," I assured him. "…Alright, there actually is something going on. I've been
sworn to secrecy, but if you think you can handle a secret, I am willing to share."

Charlie rolled his eyes at my dramatics. "Bells, I think I know how to be discreet."

"Really?" It was my turn to eye him skeptically. "Then why did I hear from Leah, who
apparently heard from Harry, who must've heard it from you, that I'm so lousy at driving, a
monkey could park better than me."

Charlie's face turned red. "I did not say that! I mean…I didn't phrase it like that! I said a
monkey might have better luck―…I'm digging myself into a hole, aren't I?"

"It's okay. Go ahead. I'm curious to see how deep you can dig."

"Point taken!"

"Look, chief. I just want to be sure that as soon as you hang out with Billy and Harry, you
won't start gossiping like the old women you are."

"Hey! No need to be disrespectful."

It was hard to take him seriously when I could see his lip twitching. "I'm sorry. I just need
you to understand where I'm coming from."

Charlie heaved a sigh. "I won't say a word. Scout's honor. Now, out with it."

I grinned and leaned closer, whispering, "So, a couple of Edward's cousins are actually in
town. One of them―her name is Kate―is getting married. It's just going to be something
quick, so we're all in a frenzy, trying to put everything together. And get this―she asked me
to be a bridesmaid!"

"That explains why you keep asking my opinion on flower arrangements," he whispered
back.

"Why are you whispering?"

"…Because you were whispering!"

"Sure. Blame it on me."

Charlie directed me with a sharp look and I snickered.

"Anyway, Alice is actually making our dresses. The last of her materials just came in, so that's
the plan for this weekend." Not a lie. I just wouldn't be around to see her work her magic.

"And these cousins? Are they girls?" Charlie asked.

"Yep. Except one of them brought her husband. And obviously the groom is around," I
shrugged. "The guys really aren't much help with most of this, so they're hardly around even
when I am over there. By now, Edward is sure I like his family better than him," I snickered
again.

He chortled, "And is it true?"

"Of course I like Edward best! Just don't tell him that."

"Another secret? That might be too much," Charlie sighed.

"That's not even funny," I pouted. I could really do without Charlie spilling the beans on the
Cullens while at the rez. I was surprised the peace had lasted as long as it did, but I was sure
sooner or later Billy Black would be at my doorstep with a stern face and a lecture on the tip
of his tongue. "Regardless, you're usually off fishing on weekends, so you'll hardly miss me."

Charlie's expression grew contrite. "I'm sorry, Bells. I leave you alone too much. Maybe
you'd like to come with me, next time?"

I paused and cast my gaze down. "Actually, I don't like the water much. I had an accident not
too long ago and I don't think I'm ready to go back."

"Bells? What happened?"

"Um, I'm just not the best swimmer and the current was rough. It's fine, I'm fine. Obviously,
as you can see, but it's not an experience I'm eager to repeat." I wasn't totally sure why I was
sharing this with him, but I think it had to do with the hope in his eyes when he'd asked me to
join him on one of his fishing trips. I didn't want to let him down. Spending time with him
wasn't a chore. But getting on a boat wasn't something I could do any more. At least, not yet.

"…Alright," he relented. "You need to be more careful, Bella. But I'm relieved you're safe."
My voice was small when I said, "Yeah, me too."


Friday afternoon found me back at the Cullen household, as it had most of the week. The
only difference was that I had a packed bag of clothes stored in Edward's car, and he was
currently booking a hotel not too far from where I planned on staying. We intended to leave
within the hour.

For the moment, I was enduring Alice and her measuring tape, while Irina and Tanya awaited
their turn.

"Right, all done," Alice finally murmured. "Irina! You're up next!"

"Can you not just eyeball it?" she pouted, but stood from the sofa regardless.

"You cannot eyeball perfection," Alice sniffed. "Think of it this way. Once it's your turn to be
married, I won't need to do this again seeing as I'll have your numbers memorized."

"Hm, I am not sure I want to do all this when my time comes."

"Why ever not, sister?" Tanya glanced up from where she was perusing Alice's sketchbook.
"It does not have to be something so traditional. Alice can design you a modern gown and
you can dance to Britney Spears all you like."

Irina rolled her eyes. "That is not my issue. I just meant, we are immortal―how is all this of
any consequence?"

Tanya shrugged. "It is fun and it keeps our sister around a little longer."

"Well, when I meet my beloved," Irina began, "I think we shall simply elope before Tanya is
even aware he exists."

Tanya laughed, "Yes, we shall see about that, Irina."

Alice glanced up from where she was measuring Irina's bust and called after me, "Isabella,
where are you off to?"

"Just getting some fresh air," I said in my best light-hearted tone, before sliding the glass door
open and heading out back.

Outside, the dreary clouds hovered, threatening to unleash a torrent at any second. For now, it
remained blissfully dry.

"Isabella."

To my surprise, it was Jasper who'd called my name, strolling casually in my direction.

"Hey," I said. "Did Alice send you my way?"
  "Not at all," he shook his head. "I've just noticed you've been feeling funny lately." To my
  relief, he didn't put a name to the emotion. "Anything I can help with?"

  I pursed my lips, before mouthing soundlessly, "They can hear us."

  He smiled in understanding. "An easy solution to that." He crouched down. When I simply
  stared at him, he said, "Well, go on. We ain't got all day."

  I belatedly realized he meant for me to hop onto his back. I hesitated for another second,
  before I caught on to the fact that Edward knew exactly what was going on. His trust in
  Jasper was surprising, but encouraging.

  Once I'd clambered onto his back and secured a hold on him, he didn't waste a second. In a
  flash, we were off.



Chapter End Notes



    Yay! We finally get a scene with Jasper! And it only took 26 chapters x)

    If anyone is interested in seeing the dresses that Alice designed, you can take a look at
    the bridesmaid dresses here and here. And the wedding dress here.

    And don't forget to drop a review before you go on your way! :D
                  Chapter 27: A Drunk Girl with a Sensitive Nose
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   "You can open your eyes now," Jasper called.

   I lifted my face from where I'd tucked it against his shoulder. (After the ordeal with James'
   coven, I was not eager to get windburned again.)

   With Jasper's help, I landed safely back down, boots sinking into the damp soil. Beside us,
   the river roared, cutting around smooth stones in white foam ribbons. Although it looked to
   be the same one that ran near his house, he'd likely taken us a couple miles upstream.

   "No one can hear us?" I double checked.

   "No ma'am," he assured me with a soft grin. "With the exception of Edward. He requested I
   remain within range of his telepathy."

   "Oh that's fine," I shrugged and strode closer to the river, filling my lungs with the fresh scent
   of water and wet earth. After careful consideration, I clambered atop one of the boulders,
   until I reached a flat surface jutting out from one of its sides and sat down, legs dangling
   above the rushing water.

   Jasper leaned against the boulder beside me, in a facade of human ease.

   Despite my trust in Edward's judgement, I couldn't help but wonder, "I'm not making you
   uncomfortable?"

   Jasper shook his head and glanced at me with a rueful smile, eyes shining a pale gold. "You're
   around so often, I've grown accustomed to your scent. More so than any of the humans in
   Forks. As long as I stay on guard, you'll remain safe."

   And that had been the supposed issue in New Moon, hadn't it? Bella's blood had caught him
   off guard. It's not as though the students in Forks High were immune to paper cuts or the
   occasional scrape. While Alice was helpful in telling him what areas around campus he might
   need to avoid, I doubted an accident within his vicinity hadn't occurred before.

   "Alright," I conceded, and wondered what my easy agreement with being around a vampire
   with a history of poor control said about me. Nothing good, I presumed. But it was difficult
   to be on edge, when even Edward, who had a tendency of being overprotective, was willing
   to go along with it.

   Instead of dwelling on the thought any longer, I took advantage of our privacy and turned to
   him. In a tone short of demanding, I asked, "Jasper, what do you know about soulmates?"

   Jasper blinked, features slackening into a flabbergasted expression. "Pardon?"
I huffed and repeated, "Soulmates? The bond you have with Alice? Ring a bell?"

"Isabella," he began, after a moment of silent contemplation, "While I'm impressed with the
level of knowledge your gift has allowed you, I think it's led you astray. What I have with
Alice is special, but there's no such thing as soulmates."

It was my turn to stare at him in utter bewilderment.

"…I don't understand."

"I'm not sure there is anything to understand," he answered carefully, brow furrowed in
worry.

"Right," I muttered to myself, and then said to him, "Imagine if any of you were to split up.
Would it be possible to move on and fall in love again?"

"Absolutely not," Jasper's answer was near instantaneous, his expression twisted into
something fierce―likely imagining himself and Alice in this scenario. After another drawn
out moment of thought, he admitted, "But I can see how you might've reached the conclusion
that soulmates exist."

I shifted, turning to face him more fully. "Care to elaborate?"

It wasn't long before he gathered his thoughts. "As you well know, vampires are permanent
creatures. Although we're able to grow and expand our knowledge and outlook of the world
around us, our characteristics―what you might call a personality―as well as our needs and
interests remain the same," he explained, and met my gaze long enough to gain a nod of
agreement from me. It all sounded standard enough. "But falling in love is one of the few
ways we can permanently change, even after the venom. It's not that we have predestined
soulmates―it's that once we fall in love, that love bonds us for eternity. And because it never
fades, there's no such thing as recovering from the loss of a mate."

I tilted my head. "Oh. So…you mate for life. Like beavers."

"Sure, Isabella. Exactly like beavers."

I ignored his look of exasperation and flashed him a grin. "That's a relief!"

"Does this have anything to do with the guilt and regret you've been experiencing every time
you look at Irina?"

I smiled weakly. "Perceptive as always, Major."

"It's not the first time," Jasper admitted. "Sometimes, when you look at us, you exhibit
peculiar emotions. It's always caught my attention. With Irina especially. What could you
possibly have to feel guilty for?"

I gazed down at the frothing currents below my feet with a small grimace. "It's just…there
was a vampire she was meant to be with. But he's dead now because of me, and this wedding
has her talking about falling in love, but I thought she might not have that chance…"
"…Because you believed them to be soulmates?" Jasper guessed. Rather than being amused
by my mistake, he seemed worried.

"Right," I said and heaved a sigh. "Knowing that's not the case…I'm so relieved."

Despite my smile, his expression remained pensive. "Isabella, how do you know this vampire
is dead?"

"Oh. I guess you weren't here," I recalled. "It was one of the nomads who attacked Edward
and I a few weeks ago. You were in Biloxi."

"Irina was going to fall in love with one of the vampires who attacked our family," he said
flatly.

"That's a bit unfair," I admitted, smile sheepish. "In the timeline that I know, he never attacks
us, and Carlisle suggests that he visit your cousins to learn more about your lifestyle."

Jasper gazed at me in disbelief. "I was told you and Edward were alone when they attacked. I
suppose lack of numbers didn't give him a change of heart?"

I scowled, recalling how I'd reached a similar conclusion myself. "That's right. He was a
coward. And a traitor."

"…Sounds to me like you saved Irina a lot of trouble."

"That's not…" I trailed off and shook my head. "Jasper, I don't want to play God. It's not for
me to decide…I know Laurent didn't feel as strongly for Irina, but then he was killed by the
wolves. Perhaps if he'd been given more time, he could've changed for the better. But then
they were attacking Edward and I, and everything was happening so fast, and I never said
anything…"

My head shot up at the cool feeling of Jasper's hand gently gripping my wrist. His eyes
burned fiercely. "Isabella. Recall what you told us about this future. Why was Laurent killed
by the wolves?"

I swallowed thickly, the sour taste of revulsion coating my tongue. "Because he would've
killed me otherwise."

"Precisely," he seethed. "Even when given a chance by Carlisle, he remained dishonorable.
Falling in love with Irina wouldn't have changed that."

I frowned. "You really think so?"

"I don't think, I know," Jasper glowered. "You made the right call. Don't doubt that for a
second. Your safety, and the safety of our family, should always be our top priority. Do you
understand?"

I was so touched by his use of 'our family' that I could only nod silently in agreement, throat
thick with emotion.
His features softened. "Don't get all tore up about it, Izzy. Irina never even met the damn fool.
She'll be alright."

I cleared my throat. The nickname was a surprise, although not an unwelcomed one. "Okay.
Thanks, Jazz."

"It's no fuss. You ready to head back?"

"Yeah," I said, accepting his hand as he helped me slide off the boulder and back onto solid
ground. "Just, one thing."

Jasper arched an eyebrow. "What is it?"

"Um, I just wanted to say sorry. For, you know, spreading that rumor that you were a serial
killer," I mumbled sheepishly.

He barked a sharp laugh. "Don't think you're so clever."

I scrunched my nose. "What? Does that happen often?"

"Sure," he said, much to my surprise. "Although it's usually on account of Emmett."

"Now that doesn't surprise me," I snickered.

"Alright, hop on. You're wasting daylight."

"Yes sir!"


The five hour drive down to Portland was cut nearly in half due to Edward driving at
breakneck speeds. Although I hardly complained when we sped past the coast. It was the
closest I'd been to the ocean since my death, and the sight from my peripherals created a sick
feeling within me, a ripple of hysteria gushing beneath my skin. Edward, sensing my
discomfort, somehow went even faster.

Later, when we were close to our destination, I wondered, "Are you going to look for it?" We
were exiting the city now and approaching what looked like a series of suburban
neighborhoods.

Emerging from whatever thought held him captive, Edward shot me a startled glance. "Look
for what?"

I shrugged. "For whatever weird thing Alice saw in Portland." He hadn't shared with me
exactly what she'd seen, and for once, I was left at a loss.

"Right," he recalled with a grimace. "That was about the only concrete plan I had. You'll keep
in contact?"

"Of course," I assured him. We'd agreed that I would keep him updated via text. I wasn't
eager to face another dangerous situation on my own.
A moment later, we entered one of the neighborhoods, and then his car slowed to a halt.
"We're here."

I peeked through the dark tinted window and across the green lawn, to a lovely single story
house with expansive windows and a peaked roof framed between two sycamore trees.

Edward gripped my hand. "Promise me you'll stay safe?"

I flashed him my best reassuring grin, "Definitely. And you, don't get into any trouble."

"I could never," he smirked briefly, before softening his expression and pressing a kiss
against my temple. "I'll see you soon. Call me if you need anything."

"I will," I assured him again, shooting him another smile before slipping out of the car,
backpack in hand.

Unfortunately, it was only partly cloudy, and the threat of sunlight kept Edward from being
able to walk me to the front door. Instead, he lingered in the car, as I made my way up the
stone pathway.

Once I rang the bell, I shifted on my feet, nerves ablaze. It wasn't a mere book that had lead
me here, but Azmon himself. I wasn't sure I would get any more answers than he had already
provided, but until I talked to this woman, I knew I couldn't let it go. Not yet.

When the door finally flew open, I was surprised to meet the startled brown eyes of a boy not
much older than me in my current body. He was tall and handsome, blond hair sweeping
stylishly across his forehead.

For a moment, I feared I'd been given the wrong address.

"I'm sorry, is this by chance the residence of Zaire White?"

To my relief, his eyes lit up in recognition. "Oh! You must be the guest that Aunt Zee
mentioned…although I thought you'd be older."

I could see how a teenager visiting an adult that wasn't a relative might be perceived as weird.
"That's me," I shrugged helplessly.

"Come in," he offered, standing to the side.

"Thanks," I said, stepping into the dimly lit hall. As I set my bag down and slipped out of my
coat, I introduced myself, "It's nice to meet you. I'm Isabella Swan."

"Riley Biers, at your service," he smiled goofily, shutting the door behind me.

When all I could do was stare at him in bewilderment, he laughed nervously and turned to
lead me further into the house. I quickly hung my coat on the rack, and hurried after him,
thoughts racing.

"You want anything to drink?" he called over his shoulder once we entered the kitchen.
Somehow, I found my voice, "Water?"

"Sure."

As I watched him pull out a jug of water and a can of coke for himself, I kept reminding
myself that Victoria was dead. Riley Biers wouldn't be another casualty in her newborn army
from hell. He was just a kid who would be attending college soon. He'd be fine.

"So, do you live with your aunt?" I wondered as I took a seat at the kitchen table.

"Nah. I live down in Santa Fe. I just flew out here for the weekend," he said, setting a glass
down on the table and pouring water into it, before sliding it in my direction and taking a seat
across from me.

My eyebrows shot up. "Why fly out for only a weekend?"

His grin turned abashed. "I got a little excited. I recently received my acceptance letter into
OSU. I came up here to check out the campus."

"Wow! Congratulations," I smiled around a sip of water.

Riley's expression brightened. "Thanks!" He leaned back and opened his soda can with a
crack and a hiss and took a gulp. "How do you and Aunt Zee know each other, anyway?"

"Oh, um, I'm a fan of her work."

"…Her work?"

"Yes, her book…"

"Oh! Right. I remember now," he nodded. "She finally got it published!"

"Finally? Did she have trouble finding a publisher for her work?"

"Not at all. She didn't even want to find one. I guess she was just writing it for herself, and
then Uncle Ron found it, and insisted that she at least try getting it published," he explained
with a small shrug. "I haven't read it myself, but mom said it was brilliant."

My smile turned sad. "Yes, it was very compelling."

"So that's it? She invited a fan of her book to stay over for the weekend?"

"I just sent her a letter," I admitted. "And then she wanted to meet me. So here I am."

"Huh. Strange," Riley said, eyes once again straying towards the kitchen exit, as they had
during our entire conversation.

"I'm sorry, am I keeping you?"

His cheeks flushed with embarrassment. "Oh. Kind of. I was about to head out, just before
you got here. Aunt Zee wasn't expecting you for another couple hours, so she's out running
errands with Uncle Ron."

Of course she hadn't. If Edward didn't drive the way he did, I wouldn't have arrived for
another few hours. "Were you going to head down to visit the campus?"

Riley nodded. "Yeah, that's it."

"How about I just go with you?" I suggested, standing from my seat.

"Wait? Seriously?" he scrambled to follow after me.

"Yep! Let's make it an adventure," I shot him a grin over my shoulder. The only other option
would be sticking it out alone, and I could easily imagine I'd drive myself mental. There was
no way I'd keep Riley stuck here with me. So, going with him it was.

"Sweet!" Riley hurried to put his coat on alongside me and then lead me outside. "Let's go!"


"Somehow, I'm not surprised this is what you meant by exploring the campus," I shouted.
The house pulsed in tune with the force of bodies within it, music gushing out in throbbing
waves.

Admittedly, we had toured a few of the buildings, and even spoken with a couple of students
and professors, but then it got late enough, and we'd somehow gotten invited to a frat house
party on the very edge of campus.

"Are you kidding me? This is insane!" Riley whooped.

I rolled my eyes, but didn't bother trying to be heard over the music. And within minutes, we
lost sight of each other.

Shoving my way through the thrum of bodies, I eventually stumbled my way into the kitchen.
I ignored the crowd converging around the kitchen island playing what looked like beer pong,
and instead ducked into the pantry.

"Jack pot!" I cheered, ducking down and pulling out a sealed water bottle from a pack stored
at the bottom. I wasn't all too eager to get piss drunk without someone to watch my back, but
the house was so congested with people, I could feel the sweat beading along my neck.

Before stepping back out, I made the split decision of stealing the lone box of pop tarts stored
in the sparse pantry. Dinner had been skipped in favor of crashing the party, and my stomach
grumbled in protest.

I cradled the water and food like it was found treasure and finally exited the turbulent house,
in favor of the backyard, where a cool breeze nipped at my face.

Even out here it wasn't safe from drunk partygoers, and after a quick once-over, I decided that
the cute bench nearly hidden beneath the branches of a weeping willow was the safest spot
for me to eat my pop tarts in peace.
Hopping down the back porch steps, I ducked around small clusters of people and edged
carefully around the pool deck, before strolling across the lawn and dropping down onto the
bench with a satisfied hum. I'd only taken a single bite of my fudge pop tart when―

"You happen to have any more of those?"

"Shit!" I hissed, spitting out my barely-chewed bite and jumping to my feet. But a frantic
search around me revealed I was alone.

"Down here."

"Oh," I mumbled, peeking behind the bench to find a girl sprawled across the lush grass.
"Hi."

She squinted up at me and then sat up with a groan, a cascade of loose black curls sticking
out oddly from one side. "Hey."

"You know, the hangover isn't usually supposed to come until morning," I pointed out and
held another package of pop tarts in front of her.

"Thanks," she grumbled, accepting them. "But I'm not hungover. I have a pretty high
tolerance for alcohol."

"If you say so," I shrugged, watching as she stumbled to her feet and dropped onto the bench
beside me.

Despite the lack of light, I could tell she was really pretty. The type of pretty that crushed
your self esteem with a single glance at her delicate features. Which was saying something
considering she was currently flushed red from the alcohol and looked a little disheveled.

"Are you alright?" I couldn't help but ask as I studied her listless expression.

"Not at all," she admitted freely, finally tearing open the bag of pop tarts with her teeth and
taking a bite out of one. "Hm. Are these fudge? They're the best!"

"Oh yeah. They're alright," I shrugged, unable to completely subdue the flare of jealousy.
Before, they had been the most delicious thing ever created. In Bella's body, they were only
alright.

"I'm Isabella," I introduced myself belatedly, watching her enjoy her pop tart with no small
amount of disgruntlement.

"Serena," she said between bites, and then noted, "I don't think I've seen you around before."

I shrugged. "It's a pretty big campus."

"Sure, but, attend enough of these parties, and faces start repeating themselves."

I didn't bother explaining I was still a high school student. I doubted I'd ever see her again.
"Well, enjoy the view while it lasts."
  She snickered and met my gaze. I was startled to notice her eyes glittered a pale, mint green.
  "Huh. You're not even drunk," she realized. "What's up with that?"

  "Designated driver," I said. Not that it had been discussed, but I was pretty sure Riley had
  already had a few drinks too many.

  "Drive?" her nose scrunched in confusion. "You don't live on campus?"

  I took a bite of my pop tart and replied around a mouthful, "Nope."

  She suddenly leaned closer and―

  What the fuck? Did she just sniff me?!

  "Hey, what's the big idea?" I scowled, scooting away from her.

  But her gaze had suddenly sobered, and she stared at me, features twisted in an odd
  expression.

  I shifted awkwardly. "What?"

  "…Why do you smell like vampire?"



Chapter End Notes



    I hope the scene with Jasper was everything y'all were expecting! :3 (If not, go take it up
    with my lawyer.)

    But seriously, let me know how much you liked the chapter! ^.^ I'll try my best to
    update soon!
   Chapter 28: The Petunias Would like to File a Complaint with
                     the Owner of the House
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I'd never been the type of girl who could easily lie or pretend. Which had made this whole
   fictional situation hell to begin with. So, when this rando girl who'd probably consumed too
   much alcohol and was still chewing her way through her last bite of pop tart asked me why I
   'smelled like vampire,' well, the best reaction I could muster was a bewildered expression and
   an eloquent, "Huh?"

   But I suppose it didn't matter, because she continued talking as though I hadn't even uttered a
   sound. "I'd know that smell anywhere, so no sense in lying," she said and finally swallowed.
   "I'm more amazed by the fact that you're not dead. What's your secret? Don't tell me you
   snatched yourself a vampire beau as well."

   "As well?!" I spluttered.

   Serena shrugged and fished out her second pop tart. "Ours is more of an on-again off-again
   thing, but don't let that fool you. Angelo has had the bad habit of getting himself into trouble
   since the day I met him."

   I stared. "…Angelo?"

   "Um, yeah. We're talking vampire boyfriends. Keep up," she sneered and promptly took
   another bite. "So, what's your story?"

   I couldn't summon a response to the absurdity that was this conversation.

   Fortunately, it was cut short by the appearance of Riley.

   "Isabella, there you are," he jogged over to us. "Listen, we gotta go. My aunt called, and she's
   not too happy I stole you."

   "Oh. Right. It's getting late regardless," I said, abandoning my pop tarts on the bench and
   rising to my feet.

   "Hold up! You seriously have to go?" Serena complained.

   "Yep. It was nice meeting you," I muttered, all too ready to head off. This girl was weird, and
   there was no sense in getting sucked deeper into the supernatural world than I already was.
   She could be a witch for all I knew!

   But before I could escape, she snatched me by the wrist and shoved my sleeve up to my
   elbow. "Cut that out!" I hissed, but was unable to escape her abnormally tight grip.
"Hang on a second," she muttered, magicking a sharpie out of nowhere and removing the cap
with her mouth. The cool ink bled into the skin of my inner forearm as she scribbled across it.
Around the cap, she said, "I can't talk to just anyone about these predicaments. Be sure to
give me a call, Izzy!"

It had been fine when Jasper had called me Izzy. Now, the feeling wasn't the same. "Don't call
me that."

Serena rolled her eyes, but didn't seem all that put off by my sharp tone. Instead, she pulled
the cap out of her mouth and conceded. "Alright. Isabella, then. Seriously, call me. I could
use a friend." Her eyes glittered with earnesty.

"I have to go."

This time, she allowed me to escape her grip, and I quickly pulled Riley along before she
could insist on prolonging the conversation.

"Who was that?" Riley mumbled, craning his head over his shoulder

I wrinkled my nose. Boys.

"I'll spare you the details." Instead of attempting to wade back through the house, we ducked
around and exited through the side gate. "Was your aunt really mad?"

"Nah," Riley assured, shooting me an easy grin. "She was just worried. But I know she'll call
my mom if I get up to any trouble, so I'd rather she didn't know about this."

I rolled my eyes. "My lips are zipped."

"Aw, thanks," Riley cheered, throwing a friendly arm around my shoulders.

I shoved him off and held out my palm. "Keys."

"…Fine."

"Thanks," I chirped as we reached the car. I slid into the driver's seat. "And try not to puke in
your aunt's car."


"…What the fuck," I hissed, scrambling to sit up and blearily blinking up at the strange
woman sitting by my bedside.

Whoever she was, she didn't glance up from the newspaper folded across her lap as she
asked, "What major scale uses five black keys on a piano?"

I blinked and stared. "…Shit, I don't know. G flat?"

She clicked her pen and scribbled across the page. "Huh. It fits."
"Congratulations," I muttered, rubbing the crud from my eyes and taking stock of the room I
was in. It looked much different in the daylight. We'd gotten home so late, Riley's aunt and
uncle were already in bed, and he'd shown me to their only guest bedroom, volunteering to
take the couch himself. "Shit. You're her. You're Zaire."

She wasn't exactly what I'd imagined. Initially, I assumed she'd be young. Maybe a couple
years my senior. And then, when I realized that out of all people, she was Riley's aunt, I
imagined someone older, round and soft with age. In reality, Zaire White was all sharp edges
and slender limbs. Her skin was dark, almost like Leah's, and her black hair tumbled past her
shoulder, streaked with gray. Her face was mostly smooth with the exception of crows feet
and laugh lines―which was odd, considering her currently bland expression.

"A keen eye you've got there," she murmured, eyes still laser focused on her crossword
puzzle.

I scrunched my nose. "I'm sure this would be more pleasant if I hadn't just caught you
watching me sleep." Damn, I kept one vampire from spying on me while I got some shuteye,
only to get this crazy lady.

"I wasn't watching you sleep. I was working on this while I waited for you to wake up," she
said in such a reasonable tone, I was almost inclined to agree with her.

"…And you had to do this at my bedside, why?"

"I didn't want my nephew getting any more foolish ideas. How's the hangover?"

My eyebrows shot up. "I didn't drink."

Finally, she ripped her gaze away from the newspaper. "Hm. I see. If that's the case, get up
and get dressed. Ron should almost be done with breakfast."

"Alright," I agreed, all too relieved to have her leave my space. I got that this was her house,
but sheesh, what did a girl have to do to get some privacy around here?

I didn't waste much time getting dressed and brushing out the tangles in my hair, before
striding down the hall, following the savory smell of breakfast all the way to the kitchen.

"Good morning," I said, slipping into a seat at the kitchen table beside Zaire.

"Ah! You must be Zee's little reincarnation buddy," a man at the stove called, flashing me a
cheery grin over his shoulder. Much like Riley, he was tall and blond, though not as fit, and
with a receding hairline.

"Um," I shifted uncomfortably in my seat. "Is that like an open family secret?"

"God no," Zaire snorted. "Just Ron. Riley's still zonked out on the couch and probably will be
for the rest of the morning, so you're more than welcome to speak freely."

"Ah. Okay," I agreed meekly and accepted a plate from Ron with a small smile. "Thank you."
The sudden air of honesty was such a relief, I almost didn't know what to do with myself.
"Thanks, hon," Zaire similarly received a plate piled high with scrambled eggs, bacon strips,
and toast.

"Isabella, correct?" Ron checked. At my nod, he asked, "Coffee or juice?"

"Juice please!"

"Coming right up!"

It was surreal, eating breakfast with this couple. They knew what I was, but likely never
became entrenched in the rest of the supernatural nonsense this world had to offer. And for a
moment, I wondered what it would've been like if I'd woken up to this family instead.
Normal, but not normal. My type of normal.

"So, I'm curious, kid. How'd you know Zee's story wasn't just another piece of fiction?" Ron
asked above the rim of his coffee cup.

I set my fork down. "I was looking for answers. And then Azmon showed up." I turned to the
woman beside me. "You've met him, right?"

Zaire frowned. "The name doesn't ring a bell."

My face dropped. "Did no one speak with you about what had happened to you?"

"Oh!" she snapped a finger, eyes lighting up in realization. "Are you referring to that odd
fellow with the purple eyes?"

'Odd fellow' would not be my first choice of words to describe Azmon. More like 'ominous'
and 'foreboding.' Then again, I was starting to notice that Zaire wasn't exactly what you
would call conventional.

"Yes. Tall, dark skin, curly hair?" I checked.

"Hm. Yes, I believe we must've met the same guy," she hummed with an air of nonchalance.

"Well, when I met him, he was flipping through your book. And he said it might comfort me,
but that it wouldn't give me the answers I was looking for," I shrugged. "I took that to assume
that there might be some truth to the story you wrote. And then I read it, and it was too
accurate not to be."

"Fascinating," Ron exclaimed. "We always wondered how common Zee's situation was. I
never imagined her book would actually bring another one to our doorstep."

I tilted my head. "You sound very charmed by the idea."

Ron's smile turned abashed. It was near identical to Riley's. "Ah. I'm sorry. Am I being too
insensitive?"

I shook my head. "No. I guess I'm just curious as to how you initially reacted when Zaire
shared this with you."
"She mentioned that too. That there's a boy involved?" At my nod, he continued, "I'm not
sure how similar the situation might be with your boy, but I was already with Zaire, before
Zee came along,"

That's when it clicked. Zaire was to Zee, as Bella was to Isabella.

I peeked at her from my peripherals. "Sorry. You prefer Zee?"

She smiled softly. "I do."

"Okay," I nodded and glanced back to Ron. "How on earth did that work?"

Ron's grin remained sheepish. "Like the girl in her story, Zee pretended to have amnesia.
Despite the horrifying circumstances, I assumed it would be like one of those romantic
movies where I had to get her to fall in love with me all over again. Imagine my surprise
when she said she wanted nothing to do with me!"

I giggled. "I imagine it wasn't romantic at all."

"It really wasn't. Her family especially struggled with her sudden change in personality. It
was a right mess, but I refused to give up," he smiled fondly at his wife. "I loved Zaire. But
by the time she had confessed to me about the reality of her situation, I'd already fallen for
Zee. The truth only served to fill in the gaps I'd been missing."

I smiled. "Now that's romantic."

"Isn't it?! Yet she refused to include it in the book!" he huffed without any real heat.

Zee shook her head. "The book was packed as it was. Perhaps I'll consider it for the sequel."

"Only if you convey just how dashing I was," Ron winked.

"At sixteen? Hardly."

I grinned, watching silently as they bantered back and forth. Zee may not have been who I'd
been expecting, but I was happy for it.

"So, that's it, kid," Ron grinned. "Make sure your boy is in love with you, and you shouldn't
have any problems."

I swallowed thickly. "Right."

"But that's not the issue Isabella is struggling with," Zaire noted. Had I included that in my
letter? I couldn't remember anymore.

"What's the problem, then?" Ron asked.

"Actually being able to talk about how I…died," I whispered, gaze trained on the table,
before turning to Zee. "How were you able to do it?"
"I didn't," she said simply. At my shocked gaze, she asked, "This Azmon fellow―he showed
you, didn't he?"

My voice was small when I said, "Yeah. He…he didn't show you?"

She shook her head. "He offered, but I turned him down. I wanted to know, so I asked him to
tell me. But I didn't want to remember."

I smiled weakly and said, "Smart."

Zee shrugged. "Maybe. Maybe not. I'll always wonder whether I'll regret not knowing more
than knowing. But it is what it is."

"Right."

"Either way kid, if anyone can help you through this, it's Zee," Ron assured me.

I averted my gaze and blinked back a few tears. "Thank you."


After breakfast, Ron went to rouse Riley so they could head down to the college for the day,
while Zee invited me out back to help her with her garden.

I put on a sun hat and tugged on the gloves she gave me while saying, "I'm warning you
now―I know nothing about gardening."

"Hm. It's not ideal," she said, dumping a trowel into one of my gloved hands. "But I already
prepared the garden bed yesterday. We're just planting these today." Into my other hand, she
carefully deposited a pot of what looked like pink petunias that had yet to fully bloom.

After carefully picking up an additional two pots with budding yellow and purple petunias,
Zee led the way out of the garden shed and back to the flowers that lined below the rail of the
back porch like a dotted rainbow. We kneeled beside an empty gap of loose soil, where she
showed me where and how deep to dig.

I asked her questions while we worked. But the more I asked, the more I realized how little
she knew. In fact, I was beginning to realize how much more I knew in comparison. For one,
Azmon had only visited her once, and nearly a year after she'd already woken up in this life.
By then, she didn't care to know more than to confirm the fact that she really had died.

I stared at her. "That's it? You didn't want to find a way back?"

Zee carefully lowered the patch of yellow buds into the hole she'd finished digging, before
meeting my wide-eyed gaze. "A year can be a long time. By then, I had gone through so
many therapy appointments and had been mostly accepted by this body's family. I guess you
could say I'd adjusted. Azmon merely explained what I already knew to be true. That I had
died and couldn't return."

Although I remained baffled, I finally understood the difference between Zee and I. She'd had
a support system. I hadn't. While they believed she'd been struggling with amnesia and
personality change rather than reincarnation, they'd still understood that something was
extremely wrong and had helped her through what must've been the most difficult transition
of her life.

Perhaps knowing all about Bella Swan hadn't really been an advantage at all.

And I began to wonder if coming here had been a waste of time. Because there was no way
back. And although even before this, I had already begun to accept that, Zee's words were
like the final nail in the coffin. Words that punctured my lungs and lodged in my throat and
made it difficult to breathe.

By the time I finished digging, Zee was already depositing the second patch of flowers into
the ground. She then helped me with removing the pink buds from the pot, carefully lowering
them into the hole I'd dug.

It was once the flowers had been fully planted, that Zee spoke up again, "Have you taken the
time to grieve?"

I blinked, eyes glued to the clusters of petunias. My voice was hoarse when I repeated, "…
Grieve?"

"Of course. You died and lost a whole life. Just because you have a new one doesn't make the
last one any less worth grieving over."

I swallowed thickly. "How…how do I do that?"

"I suppose it's different for every person, but giving yourself time to accept the truth is a start.
Intentional time. And tears―they're a good release. It's best not to let it build and fester."

I inhaled deeply, reminding myself I could still breathe, and said, "I've already done that."

"Have you?"

I finally met her steady gaze and shrugged. "I mean, yeah, after nightmares or panic attacks.
They suck."

She hummed, "I imagine so. But I meant tears of grief, not of panic or fear."

"…I'm tired of crying." But even as I said that, I could feel tears welling along my lashes,
throat closing up once again.

More gentle than I imagined her capable of, Zee curled an arm around my shoulders and held
me close. "Cry, Isabella. And tell me about your loss. And then maybe cry some more."

I gasped, hot tears spilling over my cheeks. I'm not sure how long I sat there, crying without
even meaning to, shoulders quivering and expression contorted. But it was like purging
something I didn't know had been building at the base of my throat. And suddenly, the weight
of grief settled on my shoulders, and all I could do was bend forward under its crushing
force. A high, keening sound escaped my throat, and the hole in my chest became a yawning
chasm of ragged edges. It was unbearable. I could only continue to sob in response.
"God, I can't believe I'm crying over fucking petunias," I bubblered, scrubbing at my face
with my sleeves.

Zee laughed and squeezed my shoulder. "Good thing we haven't gotten around to watering
them."

I snorted, and wiped at my nose. But then the joke died, and all that was left was the
miserable truth.

Before I could even get the words out, I was crying again. There was a serrated knife lodged
in my throat that made it hard to swallow, air stolen from my lungs, but I forced out the
words regardless, "I…died. I fucking…drowned." I laughed sharply. "Can you believe it?
What a stupid ass way to go."

"Yes," Zee hummed softly, "Very stupid."

I'd said it. Finally. The words that had been choking me up and suffocating me had finally
been exposed. And I no longer felt like crying. I was suddenly calm. It was mostly fueled by
the hollowness that rang inside my chest.

"So stupid," I repeated quietly. "Practically laughable."

I sniffled and roughly wiped away the stray tears, distantly thinking about that night. Before
the rough currents had violently seized me―when it had just been my cousins and I, out late,
the luminous moon high and the waters darker than black. Even then I'd known it was a
stupid idea to take my tia's old yacht out for a joy ride. But in the midst of the pandemic, all
we'd wanted was to escape the cruelty of life. Instead, I'd made it crueler―for my family; for
my brother. If I had one last regret, it was allowing him to join us that night.

Zee gently cut through my thoughts. "Why don't we head inside? You can tell me more over
sandwiches and lemonade. You like lemonade?"

"God, yes," I laughed. "One of the few things I still love. Everything tastes shit."

"Tell me about it," she laughed alongside me, pulling me to my feet and leading me back
inside the kitchen, arm still tight around me until I'd settled back into my chair. "I threw the
tantrum of the century when I discovered this body was allergic to strawberries," Zee was
telling me, removing her gloves and washing her hands, before pulling out glasses and a
pitcher of lemonade.

"That's so tragic," I lamented with her. "Did you know, I used to hate oranges? This body
can't get enough of them! It's ridiculous."

And that's how we spent the rest of the afternoon. Instead of talking about my family, or my
old job, or my old friends, Zee and I complained about everything from shitty tastebuds to the
subpar technology currently available. It was somehow therapeutic, like I hadn't known I'd
been suppressing all these thoughts until they began pouring out like word vomit.

It was the ringing of my phone that finally cut into our conversation.
  "Sorry, you mind if I take this?"

  "Go ahead. I should get started on dinner anyway," Zee shrugged, pushing herself to her feet.

  I flashed her a quick grin before ducking out into the hall and answering the phone. "Hey.
  Something wrong?" Unlike yesterday, I hadn't really kept in contact with Edward, seeing as
  I'd stayed safely in the house all day.

  "Do you have a minute? I'm outside." The urgency in his tone made it difficult to disagree.

  "Of course," I murmured, heading further down until I reached the front door and stepped
  outside. I spotted him leaning against his car, below the shade of the sycamore tree. Although
  it was nearly dusk, the cloud cover wasn't as trustworthy here as it was in Forks.

  "What's going on?" I asked as soon as I'd reached his side.

  Rather than answering right away, Edward looked me over, as though making sure I remained
  unhurt. He then pulled me close, tucking my head under his chin and wrapping his arms
  around me. Despite the tension lining his shoulders, I allowed the embrace, sinking further
  into him and curling my arms around his torso. His familiar, sweet scent was comforting and
  my heart squeezed painfully with an emotion I refused to identify.

  When he finally loosened his hold, I pulled back far enough to meet his gaze and reached a
  hand up, fingertips brushing against his jaw. "Talk to me, Edward."

  His tawny eyes burned with despair. "Isabella, we have to go."

  "Not until you tell me what's going on," I said firmly.

  For a brief moment, he closed his eyes, features twisted into a miserable expression. And
  then, finally, he confessed, words that numbed me over in disbelief. "Alice, she…she saw
  your future vanish and shift. Unless something changes, you'll be a vampire before spring's
  end."



Chapter End Notes



    Let me know your thoughts! :)
                               Chapter 29: Nothing but the Truth
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   By the time I reentered the kitchen, the savory aroma of garlic and tomato sauce was thick in
   the air. I would've found it mouthwatering, if my stomach wasn't already churning and if the
   rancid taste of bile didn't cling to the back of my throat.

   "Zee…"

   As soon as she caught sight of my pale face, she twisted the burner control until the flames
   had shrunk and turned fully to me. "Isabella, what's the matter?"

   I adjusted the strap of my backpack on my shoulder. "I have to go."

   Zee arched an eyebrow and crossed her arms. "Is it life or death?"

   "Something like that," I admitted, voice barely above a whisper.

   She hummed. "You know, when you mentioned your second meeting with Azmon earlier, I
   got the feeling there was more to you than you were willing to share." Before I could say
   anything, she shook her head and continued, "I won't ask. But before you go, may I give you
   one last piece of advice?"

   I nodded. "Of course."

   "Don't try to heal from this on your own," she said with conviction. "Tell that boy, or
   someone else you trust. Let them take care of you. Let them cut you open and drain you of all
   your sorrows." She strode closer, until she was standing before me, a warm palm pressed
   against where my heart beat. "Just like you, I understand we are not easily mended. So take it
   from me―don't do it alone. It's miserable."

   I offered her a small, tired smile. "Okay, I'll try my best."

   "I expect nothing less," she smirked, and pulled me into a tight, but brief embrace, where she
   dropped a kiss at the top of my head. "Go on, sweet girl. I expect a call from you."

   I reluctantly stepped away. "I'll be sure to do that. Thank you for everything. Send my regards
   to Ron and Riley."

   "You got it," she said, waving me off and turning back to the stove.

   I quickly exited her home and rejoined Edward in his car.

   For a long while, we didn't exchange words. Although the silence was a bit stifling, I ignored
   it in favor of kicking off my boots and pulling my knees up to my chest, settling in for the
   long drive back to Forks.
Edward's words had filled me with unimaginable dread, but I would be lying if I said I was
completely surprised. The thing about my life in this universe was that fate kept adhering to
the plot, rather than my choices. Just because there would be no newborn armies, or silly love
triangles, or a fancy wedding, didn't mean I wasn't being dragged to its inevitable conclusion.
So, it seemed rather than wait for me to make decisions I would never make, it was skipping
right to the ending.

An ending in which I spent eternity as a vampire with Edward.

I suppose there could be worse things in life.

"…Did you already foresee this happening?" Edward suddenly asked, voice pained and oddly
resigned.

"I already told you," I said, tilting my head in his direction, "I've only seen one future. And
this one isn't it."

"But didn't you say you were…one of us, in the future you had seen?"

"Yes. But a year and a half from now. Not within the next four months," I pointed out,
tucking my chin against my knees. "And it's not a choice I was planning on conforming to.
But I guess that never mattered."

"Never mattered?" Edward bit out. "Of course it matters. Alice's visions aren't set in stone. If
you don't want this, then I'll make sure it never comes to pass."

Although I was deeply touched by his desire to protect me, I knew it was for naught. "Don't
you see, Edward?" I asked gently. "I keep making different choices, and while they have
caused changes, for better or for worse, it still leads to the same ending."

Edward shook his head, refusing to concede. "You don't know that."

I grimaced. "I know that when we met, our conversations and interactions completely
differed, and yet you still pursued me. I know that I went to Port Angeles on a completely
different day and month, and still ran into trouble―trouble which you saved me from. I know
that I planned to never meet James and his coven, and yet, they still found us. I know that I
currently have no desire of becoming a vampire, and yet, Alice still foresees I will become
one." I huffed a small sigh. "Do you see the pattern?"

Edward looked to me, eyes deeply troubled. "Are you saying we have no free will?"

I shrugged. "I know we have free will. Otherwise, we'd be dealing with newborn armies, the
Volturi, and a heartbroken Irina. What I'm saying is, maybe some things are just inevitable."

"So, that's it? You're surrendering?"

"Not exactly," I sat up with a small frown. "We don't have much information to go on. But
when it comes down to it, I know I'd rather be a vampire than be dead." The again went
unsaid. I'd already learned my lesson with Tyler's van. No matter the heartache and trauma, I
refused to continue to squander my second chance. Zee was right. Grieving was okay, but I
had to learn to move on with my life.

"Very well," Edward acquiesced, "But I promise you this―I'll do everything in my power to
make sure you remain human for as long as you possibly can."

I smiled softly, "I know you will."

His expression softened into something sad. "And if I fail, just know, my family and I―we'll
take care of you."

I reached over and weaved my fingers through his, relieved to know he had my back, no
matter the outcome.


I woke up to the gentle hand of Edward shaking my shoulder.

"We're home," he murmured.

I uncurled and sat up with a jaw-cracking yawn and rubbed my eyes, before leaning down
and sliding on my boots. By the time I finished zipping them up, Edward was already
opening my door and helping me step out onto the dark driveway.

I wasn't totally sure what I expected to find when I walked into the house―maybe Irina and
Tanya modeling the bridesmaid dresses Alice had to have completed by now, or Esme and
Rosalie unpacking all the materials they'd ordered earlier in the week. Instead, the vast room
was empty and the lights dimmed.

My eyebrows shot up. "Where is everyone?"

"Garrett and Eleazar are out hunting. Carmen and the sisters are driving up to Alaska to pick
up some things they'll need before the ceremony," Edward explained, leading me further into
the eerily silent house.

"What about everyone else…?"

My question was answered as soon as we entered the dining room.

Jasper loomed in one corner, Alice by his side. Emmett and Rosalie stood near where Carlisle
and Esme sat at the head of the table.

"Isabella, welcome back," Carlisle greeted me.

Watching them shift to attention was strange, like marble statues suddenly coming to life.

"Hi," I said shortly, feeling subdued by the somber atmosphere.

"Alice," Edward said sharply. "What are you hiding?"

"You mean there's more?" Rosalie huffed quietly, with a hint of frustration.
"No, I told you everything I saw," Alice crossed her arms, lower lip jutting out in a small
pout. "I'm only hiding my thoughts because there's something Isabella wants to share as well.
But I don't think she's ready for Edward to know at this very second."

"Wait. I'm not sure I got the memo," I cut in.

Alice shot me a fond smile. "You'll figure it out."

"…Right."

"Alice, sweetheart, you want to share with Isabella your other vision?" Esme suggested,
voice solemn.

Unlike the rest of her family, Alice seemed at ease as she explained, "I confess, it's not the
first time I've had this vision. The first time, it was when Jazz and I were on the flight back
from Biloxi. After James' coven had been destroyed."

Admittedly, I was surprised. Canonically, Alice revealed this vision about Bella after the
incident with Tyler's van. It was nice to know that at least, at one point, my choice had
mattered.

Alice continued, "Back then, I saw two paths. In one, you joined our family. In another, you
remained human and grew up. I can't see the second second path anymore. And I don't check
it on a regular basis, so I can't even pinpoint when it disappeared."

I frowned. "And you see nothing leading up to this?"

At this, her features contorted with vexation. "No! I have no idea what causes it!"

Silence fell, and I could feel the weight of everyone's gaze settle on me.

I had no idea what they expected me to say. There was literally nothing I could do and no
way to circumvent it. So, I simply said, "Okay."

They exchanged glances, and it was Rosalie who bit out, "That's all you have to say?"

I blinked. "I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you expect me to say or do that will change the
situation."

Rosalie shrugged off Emmett's arm around her shoulders and took a step forward.
Fortunately, the dining table stood as a barrier. "Nothing of the sort. But you hardly seemed
bothered. Was it a lie, then?"

I shifted, comforted by the weight of Edward's hand on my hip. "What was a lie?"

"When you told me point blank that you didn't want to be a vampire," she reminded me, the
full weight of her ire burning in her soft golden eyes.

"No, I wasn't lying." I could see why my easy acceptance of the situation might give her that
impression, but what did she want me to do? Throw a tantrum? Cry? Blame Alice?
Ridiculous.

She scoffed under her breath, gaze cast aside, and muttered, "Yeah. Right."

If there was something I hated being called, it was a liar.

And maybe now, with all the lies and half-truths, I no longer had that right. But it didn't keep
a rising indignation from burning in my chest.

I mirrored Rosalie and stepped forward, away from Edward's grip. "I'm not a liar, Rosalie.
You're just being selfish."

Her eyes flashed hotly back in my direction. "Excuse me?"

"You're making this about yourself," I gestured sharply towards her. "I know if you had any
other choice, this wouldn't be it. Well, newsflash, Rosalie. I don't have a choice either."

Although she dropped her gaze, a scowl still twisted her features. "Maybe. Maybe not." And
then her eyes bored into me again, lips curling into a near snarl, "But Alice's visions are
decision-based. If you truly don't want this, walk away."

"She's made it clear that it's going to happen whether I like it or not," I snapped, patience
wearing thin.

She sneered. "So that's it? You're going to give up. Pathetic."

I fell silent. I knew she was goading me. In her own, twisted way, Rosalie was trying to help
me.

But Rosalie didn't know what I knew.

For a moment, offense curdled in my gut and resentment blinded me. I wanted to throw in her
face everything I'd been carrying since the day I'd met Azmon. Make her eat her words.

But…the shame that hit me at the thought was nearly as staggering. Because in some ways…
I was luckier than them.

Esme―who was abused, who watched her child die, who committed suicide.

Rosalie―raped and beaten and left for dead.

And Alice―she couldn't even remember the torture she'd endured in the asylum.

How could I look them in the eyes, knowing what I knew, and act like I was any more broken
than them?

So, I took a deep breath and remembered how the words tasted on my tongue. Already, I'd
spoken the truth. Now, I would do it again. I'd already told Zee I would. I couldn't allow the
woundedness in my heart to fester any longer.
  "I already died," I confessed, voice catching as my throat closed up around something sharp,
  making it hard to swallow or breathe. After a brief pause, I continued hoarsely, "My chance
  at a normal human life ended the moment I drowned to death. I'm not Isabella Swan―I never
  have been. I've just been playing puppet with her body for the past few weeks."

  The subsequent silence was so chilling, my lungs turned to ice in my chest.

  "This isn't my body," I croaked, gesturing weakly towards myself. "It's my grave."

  It was Carlisle who asked, voice wary, "Where is the real Isabella?"

  "Bella," I corrected, eyes downcast and thick with unshed tears. "She went by Bella."

  And finally, I understood the words Azmon had told me all those weeks ago.

  "But," I said, lifting my eyes and meeting Carlisle's guarded eyes. I had to swallow the sick
  feeling at the back of my throat, before I could scrape the words off my tongue, "There is no
  Bella Swan. Not anymore."

  I couldn't meet anyone's gaze under the weight of the crushing silence that followed my
  words.

  I nearly stumbled, when I heard Jasper mutter, "They're back."

  "…Sorry, bad time?"

  I quickly wiped my face. "Nope, perfect timing, Garrett," I mumbled, turning around and
  ducking around him.

  I ignored whatever else was said and headed for the door.



Chapter End Notes



    You know, from the Cullen's point of view, this sounds like a horror story.

    But I'm excited I finally got to publish this! I actually wrote a good chunk of this back
    when I first started the story! And I know it's short, but at least you got another quick
    update :)

    Be sure to drop a comment please! :3
 Chapter 30: No Need to be Self-Conscious When You’re Joining
  a Family with a History of Accidental and Intentional Murder
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I sat on the white bench situated on the front porch, knees tucked under my chin, wondering
   if I'd made a mistake. Despite revealing the horror of the truth, I couldn't help but want what
   Zee had had―a family who cared for and supported her.

   Then again…her family hadn't actually known the truth, had they? And they still didn't know:
   their daughter was a stranger.

   "Mind if I join you?"

   I glanced up to find Jasper already taking a seat to my right.

   "Oh, hey," I mumbled. "Did uh, Garrett and Eleazar happen to hear any of that?"

   "Not at all," Jasper assured me. "In fact, they're already gone again. Emmett muttered
   something about how having one sibling for a serial killer was bad enough, and wondering
   what he was going to do with two, before dragging the two off to help him pick trees."

   I stared blankly at him, and decided I didn't want to know.

   "Serial killer, huh?" I scrunched my nose. "I don't think one death is enough to warrant that
   label."

   "That's too bad," he lamented. "Imagine what we could've been. Jazz and Izzy: Partners in
   Homicide."

   Despite my best efforts not to, I smiled. And then I whispered, "It wasn't on purpose. I didn't
   even get a choice."

   "I know, darlin'. You don't exactly strike us as the soul-killing, body-snatching type of gal…
   despite your best efforts to paint it that way."

   I heaved a sigh. "It's the guilt talking." I peered up at him from the corner of my eye. "So, no
   one is too horrified?"

   "Izzy," he deadpanned, "You could wipe out the entire town of Forks, and Alice would be
   more concerned with if you ruined your manicure or not."

   I suppressed a smile. "That's Alice." Her disregard for humanity would normally be
   concerning. At this moment, I found it comforting.
"And believe it or not," he began, before gesturing for me to lean in closer. Once I did, he
mock-whispered, "Beneath all her bluster, Rose actually felt a smidge of guilt. Can you
believe that?"

I lifted an eyebrow. "You're pulling my leg."

"Hardly," he smirked. "Right, Rose?"

Behind him, Rosalie stepped out from the front door and onto the porch, scowling at the back
of his head. "I would appreciate it if you wouldn't advertise my emotions," she bit out, arms
crossed tightly below her bust, and then she met my eyes with a grimace. "I still think you're
giving in too easily, but I'll drop it."

My shoulders relaxed. "Thanks, Rosalie."

She nodded and swept back inside without another word.

This time, I was unable to suppress a smile.

"Also," Jasper continued, "I hope you're hungry. Esme is cooking up a storm in the kitchen."

My smile widened. "Is she really?" I'd missed dinner and I was starving.

"We heard your stomach rumbling and she wouldn't stand for it. But beware of Carlisle," he
suddenly cautioned me. "He's forgiven enough of our screwups, that he's already moved past
what you told him. But now he's bursting with questions. I'd steer clear, if I were you."

I clamped down a laugh. "Don't be rude," I chided him.

He shrugged. "Don't say I didn't warn you."

"…And Edward?"

Jasper wrinkled his nose. "I wouldn't touch that boy's emotions with a ten-foot pole."

I rolled my eyes and stood to my feet. "You're ridiculous."

"Glad you're feeling better, Izzy."

I smiled. "I am," I realized. "Thanks, Jazz."

"Anytime, sweet cheeks." He flew to his feet and gestured towards the forest behind me.
"Now, I'm going to go see if Emmett needs help picking trees."

My eyebrows arched. "…Right. Good luck with that."

"I'll be seeing you then," he waved, and like a ghost, he vanished.

Once I headed back inside, I followed the tantalizing smell of cooking steak. It sounded a bit
heavy for the late hour, but I was too hungry to care.
As soon as I stepped into the kitchen, Esme shot me a sweet smile over her shoulder. "I hope
you're hungry, Isabella."

"Starved," I assured her as I took a seat on one of the stools lining the kitchen island. "Thanks
Esme, I really appreciate it."

"Any time," she called cheerfully. "You know I enjoy taking care of you."

"…Even after everything I've said?"

Esme paused and turned to face me for a brief moment, as she said, "Sweetheart, I once killed
a man for accidentally scraping his palm. I'm certainly not one to judge or condemn."

"…Thanks." I relaxed, leaning my forearms against the marble countertop.

She turned back to the stove. "And it's as you told Jasper. You didn't get a choice. We all
know too well what that's like."

I nodded, unable to voice another word, my chest thick with a storm of emotions I couldn't
quite pin down.

Esme pulled out a baked potato from the oven, and prepared it, before sliding it onto a plate
beside the cut of steak. She then gently pushed the plate across the kitchen island, along with
a fork and knife. "Now, eat up before your stomach devours itself," she tsked. "Anything
you'd like to drink?"

"Do you have lemonade?"

She smiled. "Always."

I ate with quiet gratitude, accepting the cold glass from Esme with a small grin. To my relief,
she slipped onto the stool beside me and kept me company, flipping through a small
sketchbook, pencil in hand.

I chewed thoughtfully while I gazed at the elaborate, half-circle balcony she was designing.

Once I swallowed my bite, I asked, "Is that for a client?"

"Oh, not at all," Esme flashed me a sweet smile before returning her gaze to the sketch. "This
is going to be part of our next home. We've already purchased a plot of land a couple miles
northwest of Calgary. I'm hoping it'll be complete before summer."

Summer, I thought, and then recalled Edward's words. Before the end of spring.

"…Is it because of what Alice saw?"

"For the most part," Esme agreed. "Regardless, we do need to start planning where we'll go in
a few years. And if Alice's vision does come to pass, this will be a good, remote area to spend
your newborn years in."
For a second, my vision blurred with tears, and then it was engulfed in darkness as Esme
embraced me, gently pressing my face against her shoulder. "No matter the outcome, we're
your family, Isabella. Never forget that."

"I won't," I promised, pulling back and scrubbing my eyes dry. "What else have you
designed?"

As I ate, Esme flipped back through a couple pages. One sketch depicted two circular
staircases mirroring each other and joining at the second level, meant to face the front
entrance. Another was a round, two-story library with a wraparound balcony and a glass
ceiling. The least elaborate sketch consisted of a cozy window seat situated below a large bay
window.

"Could I have that in my room?" I requested, tracing the lines of stacked pillows and folded
blankets drawn along the window seat.

"Absolutely. Any other requests?"

"No. I'm sure you'll design something beautiful either way," I grinned.

"Thank you, sweetheart," Esme smiled and flipped the sketchbook close. "Now, why don't I
draw a bath for you? You need to get some rest."

"A bath sounds great," I decided. It would be another thing to stall a confrontation with
Edward. I had avoided looking anywhere near him after I'd confessed earlier, and though his
family seemed to easily forgive the harsh way I'd revealed the truth, I wasn't sure if it was the
same for him.

I followed Esme up to the third floor, where she lead me down the hall towards the bathroom.

"You can go ahead and go through the cabinets," Esme suggested as she twisted the faucet to
the tub, water crashing against porcelain. "I stored some clothes in there for you."

"Thank you," I said, heart swelling with gratitude, and did as told. I picked through the neat
stacks of folded clothes and decided on a blue pair of sweatpants that were fuzzy on the
inside, along with a gray tee and a soft pair of socks.

When I turned back around, the tub was nearly full and frothy with soap bubbles.

Esme pulled me into a brief, but tender embrace. "Always remember, we love you, Isabella."

I blinked back another wave of tears that threatened to overwhelm me. "I love you too," I
whispered.

Esme pecked me on the cheek and wished me a good night, before allowing me some
privacy.

As I stripped myself of my clothes, I was startled to notice the stark black writing against my
skin that had remained hidden under my long sleeves from the previous night. Already,
meeting Serena felt like a lifetime ago.
I curiously traced the numbers looping across my inner forearm, recalling her earnest gaze as
she asked me to call her. To be her friend.

I climbed into the bathtub, but not before grabbing my cellphone. I still wasn't sure about this
girl, but I couldn't help but be curious. So, I programmed her number into my phone, before I
scrubbed away the ink.

Perhaps I'd ask Alice about her.

I took my time in the bath as I replayed the words I'd said earlier. What did Edward think?
Hopefully nothing condemning, but…did he wonder about Bella? If it weren't for my
presence, he would've fallen in love with her instead. Had he realized that? Were his thoughts
full of what-ifs and could've-beens?

Too soon, the water grew cold, and I couldn't wash myself cleaner if I'd tried.

Drying off, getting dressed, brushing my teeth, and combing out my wet tangles of hair didn't
seem to take long. And I knew if I stalled for much longer, it'd become obvious, so I finally
switched the lights off and stepped back out into the hall.

I padded down to the last door at the end of the hall and cautiously peered inside. Although
the ceiling lights were off, the tall lamp in the corner casted a dim glow. The wrought iron
bed that Alice had purchased and replaced the black couch with, in anticipation for our
sleepover, was still there. The expanse of the gray duvet creased under where Edward sat, at
the end of the bed.

As soon as he met my gaze, his face melted with what looked like relief. In the same
moment, Edward flew to his feet and hurried to my side, gently pulling me inside and
shutting the door behind me with a click, before engulfing me in his embrace.

For a split second, I didn't react. I guess I'd expected a couple different reactions―questions,
confusion, and maybe even that wary gaze that Carlisle had first worn when I'd exposed my
truth. But then I was hit by a wave of my own relief, so much so that I didn't bother dwelling
on those doubts any longer, and I became soft, wrapping my own arms around him and
pressing my forehead against his chest.

We stayed that way for a long time.

It was when my arms began to tire, that Edward murmured against the top of my head, "I'm
so sorry. For everything you've lost. I didn't understand before―didn't understand the depths
of your ruin. But I see now. You're not really much different from the rest of us."

Once more, my eyes welled with tears. But this time, I allowed them to fall.

I thought grieving once, beside Zee, had been enough.

I had thought wrong.


I awoke to a gentle hand shaking my shoulder.
"Isabella," sang a sweet, soprano voice, "Wake up! You have to see this!"

I scrubbed my eyes and blinked up at the image of Irina's beaming face. "Good morning to
you too," I grumbled, reluctantly pushing myself up as I shoved back a lock of hair from my
face.

"Come, get on your feet," she urged, pulling back the duvet. "Alice just finished the last of
the details on our dresses!"

That caught my attention. "Okay, okay," I agreed, sliding my legs out until they hung over the
edge of the bed. "Just give me a moment to be human."

Irina followed after me, until we reached the bathroom. "This is my stop," I said, holding a
hand up to keep her from shadowing me any further. "I'll be a few minutes."

"I will wait right here," Irina promised.

"Suit yourself," I muttered, and shut the door behind me.

Unfortunately, Irina's presence outside the door kept me from taking my sweet time, and so I
rushed through using the toilet, washing my hands and face, and brushing my teeth. As
promised, Irina was right where I'd left her.

"Where's Edward?" I asked her as I followed her down the stairs to the second floor landing.
And then, I heard a violent screeching sound that caused goosebumps to erupt along my
arms. "And what was that?!"

"It appears Edward and Emmett are finally putting that chainsaw to good use," Irina
shrugged. "And God help Edward. Emmett can be so theatrical sometimes."

My face twisted with disbelief. "…Right."

For the first time since I'd been at the Cullens, I stepped into Alice's bedroom―though it was
built more like a studio. A long white table took up one side of the room, swamped with folds
of fabric, stacks of sketch pads, color pencils, cases of needles and thread, pincushions, and
two sewing machines. One wall had long rods installed, where dozens of rolls of fabric were
suspended, while another had an enormous cork board hung up and pinned on it were
colorful sketches, fabric swatches, ribbons, and the odd feather or two.

Alice turned from where she stood in a corner opposite her work table, adjusting a dress from
one of the three mannequins that stood in line. "Take a seat, ladies," she gestured towards the
sleek white settee before her, where Tanya already lounged on one corner.

Irina gracefully hurried and dropped beside her sister, and I took the last spot while eyeing
the mannequin that stood on the adjacent corner of the room. On it hung my half-finished
prom dress, its billowing skirt nearly completed.

"So, any final thoughts, Isabella?" Alice reeled back my attention.
I ran my eyes across the white and red knee-length dresses that were a near replica of the
sketches she'd shared with me. "Nope," I grinned. "They're flawless!"

Alice preened. "Thank you! Now, for the final fitting, who would like to try theirs on first?"

Beside me, Irina eagerly shot her hand up, while I said, "I'd love to."

In a flash near invisible to my eyes, Alice removed the red vests, unbuttoned all three dresses,
and peeled them off the mannequins. "Undress please," she requested, vests in one arm,
dresses in the other.

Within minutes, I had removed my sweatpants and tee, and slipped on the white dress. Alice
buttoned up the back on my behalf, before I was able to slip on the vest. As I hooked the clips
at the front, Alice adjusted the shoulders of the sleeves so that they remained perfectly puffy.

"Let me know how these fit," Alice said and dug out a pair of tall leather boots from a long
shoebox, before handing them over to me, along with a pair of socks.

As expected, they were a perfect fit, and the heels were modest and comfortable.

I peered into the full-length mirror propped up nearby, and smiled. Although I didn't hold a
candle to women like Irina and Tanya, it was still a fun outfit to dress in. Wearing something
so foreign reminded me of the cultural festivals we used to have, back when I attended
primary school in Mexico.

"It's a perfect fit, Alice," I congratulated her.

"It really is!" Irina agreed and spun in an elegant twirl. "I love it!"

Tanya smiled as she smoothed down the fabric of her skirt. "As expected of Alice."

Alice beamed. "Thank you! Now, please hang them on the rack over there. My next client is
due in five minutes."

I snorted. "Next client?"

Tanya rolled her eyes. "She is referring to Kate."

"Aw, but I would like to see her dress," Irina pouted.

Alice handed out a set of hangers. "Sorry, ladies. But it will remain a surprise until the day
of."

I took a hanger. "I thought the surprise was only meant for the groom."

"In this case, it's intended for everyone,'' she grinned.

"Very well. I suppose we can use the time to teach Isabella one of our traditional dances,"
Tanya decided.
"Actually, I was hoping to do that."

We turned to Edward, who stood at Alice's doorway.

"Um, babe. You have a little something…" I gestured towards his hair.

Edward dragged his fingers through his locks, dislodging a couple of wood chips, and
muttered something that sounded like, "Damn you, Emmett." He then flashed me a sheepish
smile. "I'll go get cleaned up. Meet me in my room in a few?"

"You can count on it," I laughed.

He shot me a wink and disappeared.

"Pity," Tanya murmured beside me. "I was hoping to get to know my new cousin-in-law
better."

"Why don't you try getting to know your new brother-in-law better, first?" I pointed out.

Tanya's face dropped into a sullen look and Irina burst into snickers, "Why not indeed,
sister?"

"We have an eternity for that," Tanya sniffed and turned around to change out of her
bridesmaid dress.

Alice tittered, "Better you get over it sooner rather than later." She then turned to me, "Here,
Isabella, you can change into this dress instead. And keep the boots on so you can properly
break them in."

"Okay," I agreed, accepting a more modern green dress. Like the bridesmaid dresses, it had a
billowy, knee-length skirt. And although the shoulders weren't puffy, the sleeves were
similarly elbow-length.

After changing out and slipping my new boots back on, I meant to grab the clothes I'd slept
in, but Alice beat me to it. "It's okay, I'll throw these into the laundry basket. You go ahead.
Edward is already done."

"Thanks," I grinned, and waved to the other girls, before heading out and up the stairs once
more.

In his room, Edward stood, dressed in a fresh set of clothes, hair damp and wood chip free, as
he fiddled with his stereo.

"So," I said as I slipped into the room and shut the door. "Do I want to know why Emmett's
been prancing about the Olympic forest picking trees like one would wildflowers?"

Edward turned to me and gave me an exasperated roll of his eyes. "Emmett realized he
wanted to contribute more, and decided he would carve an elaborate bench and a set of chairs
for the ceremony."
I joined him beside the stereo, where his collection of CDs were shelved. "Um, wow. That's
sweet of him. And the chainsaw?"

"Necessary to cut the torn trunks into planks of wood," Edward explained, features twisting
with distaste. "It was a bit messier than expected. But Emmett insisted that he wanted fresh
red cedars, and refused to go out and purchase ready-made planks. He's impossible."

I laughed. "Sounds like a good time."

"Hardly," he grumbled.

I grinned and reached up to pat his wet hair. "Well, at least it's over. For now. You said you
were going to teach me the traditional dances?"

"Just one," Edward said. "They're a tad complex, and you only have a week to get it down."

"Fair enough," I shrugged. "Dance was never really my area of expertise. Do you happen to
have any traditional Slovakian music CDs on hand?"

"As matter of fact I do," Edward smirked. "The sisters picked up a couple last night. Along
with the chainsaw." Here, he scowled.

"Okay, I really think you need to let this chainsaw-thing go," I snickered, taking his hand and
leading him to the middle of his room. "Walk me through the steps?"

His expression softened. "It would be my pleasure."

Edward really understated the complexity of the dance. After an hour of elaborate footwork,
twirling, and jumping around, I was absolutely worn out. We never even got around to
playing the music.

We drew to an abrupt halt when my stomach complained. Loudly.

Edward looked stricken as he realized, "You didn't even have breakfast."

"It's okay," I huffed a small laugh. "I don't always eat in the morning, you know. But it does
sound like it's time for an early lunch."

"Esme is currently out," Edward mentioned as he lead me out of his room, my hand curved
into the crook of his elbow. "But I can make you something. What would you like?"

I arched an eyebrow. "You can cook?"

"Well…I can try."

I grinned. "Sure. I guess we can start with something simple."

Teaching Edward how to make a sandwich was hilariously adorable. He was intently focused
and followed my instructions to a T.
And then, I took a bite.

Edward sat beside me on the kitchen island, eyeing me nervously. "…What's the verdict?"

I stalled for another second as I chewed slowly and then swallowed.

I shot Edward my most serious gaze. "It's delicious."

His shoulders relaxed from their taut line. "Oh. Good," he smiled in relief.

I suppressed a laugh. "Congratulations," I said instead, "Now you can make me sandwiches
all the time."

He nodded, "Of course."

I grinned and took another bite.

Edward fiddled with my hair while I ate and I realized how nice it was being with him, just
the two of us alone. With the craze of planning a wedding all of last week, and then the trip to
Portland, along with Alice's vision and my confession of truth, we hadn't had much privacy.
Any time we had spent alone had been full of secrets (the drive to Portland), full of tense
silence (the drive back to Forks), or I'd mostly cried (last night).

At a glance, I noticed Edward's furrowed brow.

I refrained from taking another bite and asked, "Is something wrong?"

He met my gaze and softened his features. "Not at all. It's just…I have so many questions."

My face dimmed into something sad. "Of course you do."

"But, not until you're ready," he tacked on.

"I'm more ready than you realize," I admitted. It would be nice, to be honest for once. "I
know there's not much time, with everything that's going on, but why don't we make it a
date?"

His face brightened. "We'll make time," he assured me.

When I finished the last of my sandwich, I suggested, "Let's get in some more practice, and
then you can take me back to Charlie's before he gets home from the rez."

Edward smirked. "Was the dance a little more difficult than you foresaw?"

I rolled my eyes. "No need to rub it in."


After Edward stayed at my house long enough to help me finish the homework I'd ignored all
weekend, I was left on my own to cook dinner.
The chicken boiled in the pot, and I was carefully chopping up carrots on the cutting board,
while my cellphone was tucked between my ear and shoulder.

On the other end of the line, Zee remained in shocked silence for a few seconds longer,
before saying, "…You know, when I suggested you tell him the truth, I didn't mean him and
his whole family."

I held back a laugh. "Well, you weren't necessarily wrong when you assumed there was more
to my story. I can't say, since it involves other secrets than just ours, but they didn't find my
story too hard to believe."

"Huh. How curious," Zee said. "At the very least, I'm relieved to know you followed my
advice. I know it couldn't have been easy."

"It really wasn't," I said, as I moved on to chopping the potatoes. "In fact, telling him and his
whole family was a dumpster-fire of a conversation. There were a lot of high emotions going
around, and I can't say I was being very levelheaded. I'm just glad I finally got that out of the
way. It was eating me up."

"I know all too well what you mean," Zee agreed. "But don't kid yourself. Opening up the first
time is just the start. The trick is to actually keep doing it. Clamming up now will be two steps
back, so be sure you don't isolate yourself."

"Gee, thanks for the vote of confidence." I cut up the last of the gourd, and swiped the
chopped veggies into the pot.

"Just telling it like it is, sweet pea," she said.

I jumped slightly, at the sound of loud thumping against the front door.

"Someone's at the door," I told her. "I'll call you later."

"I expect so."

I flipped my cellphone shut as I walked out into the front hall and opened the door, only to be
nearly knocked over by Leah barging into my house. "Um, an 'excuse me' would have
sufficed."

But I went ignored as Leah scoured the living room and then the kitchen.

"Smells good in here," she called.

I followed after her with a roll of my eyes.

As soon as I returned to the stove, she wrinkled her nose, and said, "Let me rephrase that: the
food smells good. You? Not so much. What? Is bleach the new Chergui?"

I paled. "No," I hissed, "That's you being able to smell the scent of vampire."

"Oh, shit. Is it happening?!" she demanded. "Am I starting to smell like a dog?!"
"Human nose, remember?" I pointed to my nose and then turned to stir the soup. Technically,
Jacob had also been able to smell the scent of vampire in the first book. "But there's no need
to get hysterical, Leah. It's just a sign that you need to leave as soon as you're able."

"Not a chance," Leah shook her head and leaned back against the counter, arms crossed
tightly. "As inconvenient as this is, I can't just leave Seth on his own to deal with all this
bullshit."

Inconvenient? The word rippled through my mind like an echo, and my heart turned to ice, as
I recalled exactly how her and Seth had shifted. I have to warn her about Harry.

"Leah―"

"Anyway, you're lucky I got here when I did. I have bad news, and I want you to know
now―it was definitely not my fault," Leah glared.

"Leah, I think what I have to say is more important―"

"Okay, it might have been slightly my fault. But how was I supposed to know Quil would
spill the beans to Billy?!"

"Hold up―Quil did what now?"

"So, it turns out that this whole time Billy was under the impression that you were dating
some kid named Edwin. Unfortunately, Quil dissuaded him of this, and revealed that it's
actually Edward Cullen―you know, the vampire―who's been wooing you. And now, he's on
his way here with Charlie."

"Fuck! What am I going to do? What am I going to say?!"

Leah took my spot and picked up the ladle I'd dropped. "Swan, what the fuck? Where are the
noodles? Is this rice?!"

"Yes, it's rice! That's how I make my chicken soup."

"Why the fuck would you want to eat soggy rice―" Leah paused long enough to try some.
"Shit. Never mind. That's delicious."

"As much as I appreciate your approval, that's not really my current dilemma."

Leah set the ladle to the side. "Duh. Why do you think I'm here? If I stick to your side, then
there's no way Billy can say anything without endangering any secrets. Which is complete
bullshit, considering I'm going to be a fucking werewolf in a year. But yeah, I'll help you out.
No need to thank me."

"I'm grateful, Leah. Really, I am. But there is something more important we need to discuss,"
I said, voice grave.

"Fine, out with it," she huffed.
  I paused, unsure of how to phrase something so delicate, but then Leah turned to the kitchen
  entrance. "It's too late, they're here. We can talk later."

  "What are you on about―"

  And then, I heard the twist of the keys unlocking the front door.

  Soon, Charlie, along with Billy and Jacob were joining us in the kitchen.

  "Oh, hello Leah," Charlie greeted her.

  "Hiya, chief," she saluted him.

  "Sorry, you wouldn't mind if Leah stayed over for dinner?" I asked.

  He chuckled. "As long as you don't mind feeding Billy and Jacob as well."

  I barely held back a grimace. "Plenty to go around. Hello, Billy. Hi, Jacob."

  "Good evening, Isabella," Billy greeted me, eyes crinkled with concern.

  "Why don't you all go ahead and watch the game? Dinner will be ready in a bit," I said. In
  reality, I needed a moment to breathe.

  "You're the best," Charlie grinned, and gestured for Billy to follow him into the living room.

  As soon as they disappeared, Jacob shot Leah and accusatory glare. "Did Quil tell you I was
  coming? It was bad enough I had to fend him off!"

  Leah sneered, "Get real, Jakey. Isabella's taken. You don't stand a chance." In a clear
  dismissal, Leah turned her back to him and whispered, "Everything is going as planned. We
  can postpone our other conversation for later. Hopefully, they don't linger."

  Jacob joined my other side. "You're not being as quiet as you think you are."

  "Or maybe you just have the ears of an attention-starved dog."

  I scowled.

  This was going to be the longest, most awkward dinner I'd ever had. I just knew it.



Chapter End Notes



    Hope you enjoyed this mess of a chapter. I didn't edit, so theres probably some mistakes.
    (Now I understand why writers have betas. Editing is exhausting.)

    Anyway, be sure to drop a comment! :)
      Chapter 31: The Trees are Feeling so Attacked in this Story
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The good news was, my chicken soup was a hit with everyone. It was definitely the kind of
   weather that called for it, and I couldn't help but remember all those summers growing up in
   the desert when my mom would make soup hotter than the boiling temperatures outside.

   The bad news was, an awkward tension, which not even a good meal could abate, hung over
   the table. Billy's eyes kept straying in my direction, Jacob kept shooting glares at Leah, and
   Leah in turn, kept kicking him under the table.

   In retrospect, I shouldn't have sat between them.

   Only Charlie remained oblivious.

   "That was my shin," I hissed to Leah, when she shot out her foot once more.

   "Ugh, sorry. This is all Jacob's fault," she muttered, meeting Jacob's narrowed eyes long
   enough to scowl. "All things considered, there's no way Billy invited him along."

   Across the table, Charlie chatted about the exhibition game they'd watched earlier, while
   Billy listened with half an ear.

   "What's that supposed to mean?" Jacob whispered back harshly.

   "Leah, just drop it," I muttered. If Jacob's senses were already enhanced, there's no way he'd
   miss anything we said, no matter how low our voices dropped. "Jacob, quit fighting with
   Leah. You're both being annoying."

   "I'm just trying to help," Leah grumbled.

   My expression softened. "Yeah, I know. But instigating a fight with Jacob isn't making this
   any easier."

   She scowled mulishly but let it go.

   Jacob, on the other hand, refused to. Fortunately, he turned to me instead of picking another
   fight with Leah―verbal or otherwise. "I know you two are hiding something."

   That threw me for the loop. "…Excuse me?"

   When he didn't answer, I set my spoon down and turned to Charlie. "Hey, chief, you mind if
   we go hang out in the yard?"

   Charlie, who'd I interrupted mid-spiel, paused long enough to process my request, and then
   looked at me oddly, as though asking for permission were unnecessary. "Sure, Bells. You kids
go ahead."

"Thanks," I flashed him a quick grin before jumping to my feet. I dumped my bowl and
spoon in the sink, and swept out of the kitchen, Leah at my heels.

As soon as we stepped out into the backyard, I turned to her.

"What is going on? What did you tell Jacob?" I couldn't imagine there was any other reason
he was suspicious. I'd talked to the guy a total of two times.

"Hey, I didn't tell him squat," Leah crossed her arms. "…But I may have asked him what he
remembered about those old legends we'd listened to as kids."

I groaned, "Leah!"

"What?! There's no way I was going to ask my dad!" she defended. "We haven't exactly been
getting along great."

My face dropped.

"Leah spending time with me out of her own free will was freaky enough," Jacob cut in,
joining us outside under the dim porch light and shutting the door behind him. "Then my dad
loses it when he finds out Isabella is dating Edward Cullen and invites himself right over.
And surprise surprise, Leah is already here. Being a pain in the ass is typical, but the
protective streak is new."

Jacob darted his gaze between us. I buried my face into my hands.

"And?" Leah demanded. "We're not friends, Jakey. Isabella and I are. So what if I want to
keep her from dealing with Billy's superstitious tales?"

Jacob's eyebrows arched. "Superstitious tales? If they're so superstitious, why were you so
keen on listening to them not even a few days ago?"

She sneered, "Don't tell me you believe those ridiculous stories."

He faltered. "…No, obviously not. But I'm not stupid. You've been acting strange, Leah.
Hanging around, Quil, Embry, and I? That's not normal."

I dropped my hands and turned to Leah.

"…You remember our last phone conversation?" she suddenly asked.

"Sure." With all the time I'd been spending at the Cullens in the last week, I hadn't had the
chance to meet up with Leah. And when she'd called to ask questions, I'd mostly had to
repeat myself. The only new information I'd offered her was…the names of the other
candidates.

My expression smoothed over in realization. "You want to tell them."
"Well, they're not being fair," she spat. "We all deserve to know! After all the shit they put me
through? I deserved to know. It shouldn't have had to come from you. And Embry…"

Embry―who no one knew was half-brother to either Jacob, Quil, or Sam. Not until he
shifted, and his true bloodline was exposed.

"You don't need to make your case to me," I said. "I'm not a tribe member and these are tribal
concerns. It's your call."

"True," she conceded. "But I wanted your help. I doubt those imbeciles would take me at my
word."

"What is it you're trying to tell us?"

"Not tonight," I cut in, gaze boring into Jacob's. "We can sit around, have tea, and gossip
about tribal secrets another time. There are still things I haven't discussed with Leah which
concern her."

"It can't wait?" he asked, expression stubborn.

"No," I snapped, patience wearing thin. "It's a matter of life and death. But, since you'll be
joining the club soon, you can do us a favor and get your dad home. I really could do without
him butting in, all good intentions aside."

Jacob scowled. "Anyone ever tell you you're bossy?"

"No, but thank you."

"Wasn't a compliment," he muttered.

"I know." Hopefully, an up close and personal look at my dazzling personality had violently
crushed all the beginnings of puppy love. "Seriously, I need to speak with Leah."

His features softened under my imploring gaze. "Sure, sure. I'll get him out of your hair. See
ya."

"Thanks, Jacob."

He waved me off and headed back inside.

I dropped down onto the back porch steps, gesturing for Leah to join me. She did so, eyeing
me warily.

"A matter of life and death?" she repeated. "Please tell me you were lying to get lover-boy off
our backs."

I shook my head. "Let me know when they leave."

Leah suddenly glowered, "That dumbass! He told Billy I'm crying and you can't come say
goodbye because you're so busy comforting me! I'm going to strangle him!"
I smothered a laugh. "In his defense, he did do as I requested."

"Fuck that and fuck him," she hissed. "He's dead."

He's not the only one who's going to be dead if we don't find a way to resolve this.

"Leah."

She held up a finger. "Hold onto that thought a little longer."

I fell silent and wondered how I was supposed to break the news. Leah was already
temperamental on the best of days. What if this sent her over the edge?

"They're gone," she suddenly announced and then shot me an expectant look.

I ripped my gaze away and instead stared down at the lush grass. "You haven't been getting
along with your dad?"

"…No. But you're already aware of that, little miss know-it-all. After Sam pulled all his
bullshit with me, dad hardly treated him any different. Instead, he hired him along with the
other tribe elders."

"And now you know why."

"Duh," she sneered. "Doesn't change the fact that they all lied to me."

"…How's his health?"

Leah paused. "Not the best. Mom's been on him about eating healthier ever since his blood
cholesterol tested high. Why?"

"When I said this was a matter of life and death…"

"Oh." For a moment, Leah didn't react. And then she whispered, "He dies?"

"It's a little more complicated than that," I admitted, and unable to keep still any longer, I
jumped to my feet and paced in front of her, boots sinking into the damp grass. "Leading up
to your transformation, you were arguing a lot."

"We argue plenty now," she scoffed. But it came out weak and breathless.

I stopped and looked at her as I said, "It needs to stop. His heart won't be able to take it."

"He dies because of me?" her voice broke on the last word.

"You were arguing and at the height of your temper, you shifted into a wolf. His heart
couldn't take the shock of seeing that," I explained quietly. "And then, after seeing his dad
die, Seth shifted as well."

Quite abruptly, Leah shot to her feet, the wooden post of the porch splintering under her fist.
"Typical," she spat. "It's not enough that my boyfriend turns into a fucking werewolf. It's not
enough that he dumps me for my cousin because of some mystical bullshit magic. It's not
even enough that I'm lined up for the same fate and will be forced to share a mind space with
him. No. Now, it turns out that my dad dies because of me, and my brother suffers for it.
What utter fucking garbage."

She stomped down the porch steps, right past me and screamed into the gloom of the forest,
"Well, universe?! Anything else you wanna fucking throw at me?! Maybe kill me and bring
me back as a ghost so you can have a good laugh?! Or just astral project me straight into
hell?! At least then I'd get a break from all your bullshit!"

Leah caught her breath and regained enough momentum for one last shout. "…Nothing?!
Well then, piss off!"

I grimaced. But dealing with angry-Leah was a surprising relief. I wasn't too sure what I
would've done if she'd cried.

"…Are you done waking up all the forest critters?"

"For now," she huffed, spinning back to face me. "Listen up, Swan. Because you are the
single worst fortune teller ever, and there is no way I'm allowing the rest of your rotten story
to happen."

"I'm listening."

"Here's what we're going to do…"


"―and then Charlie kicked her out because it was a school night, and said that he would call
Harry the next time she started shouting at the poor trees," I snickered. Leah had taken
Charlie's awkward lecture surprisingly well, but that could be attributed to the fact that after
our conversation, she'd been emotionally spent.

"Sounds like you had an interesting night," Edward admitted. We neared the door to my first
class, our hands clasped together, and paused by the neighboring lockers. "More interesting
than mine, at any rate."

I looked up at him. "Really? Weren't you supposed to finish helping Emmett with slicing up
the last of the wood?"

"I would say that was more unpleasant than interesting," he frowned. "Esme had us up all
night cleaning the yard. I don't believe you saw it, but it was an unequivocal mess. Branches,
leaves, slabs of bark―I'm not even sure I got all the wood chips out of my hair this time."

I snickered. "Fortunately, you're too tall for most people to notice."

"Small mercies, I suppose."

"Well, don't let me find any splinters when I come over today. Those things are sharp, and it
would put a damper on things if I stabbed myself."
Edward rolled his eyes at the lack of concern in my tone and then said, "About that…perhaps
you should take a break."

I tilted my head. "A break? I guess I've been over at yours quite a lot. Already tired of my
presence?" I teased.

Edward scoffed. "Hardly. But, I noticed," here, he tapped a finger against his temple, "That
you've been neglecting your human friends."

It took me a second to catch on. "Oh. You mean Jess." All of last week, I'd declined her
invitations to hang out. And since the Cullens weren't advertising their visiting family, I
hadn't mentioned my reasons for being unavailable. "She must be upset," I realized.

"A bit," he admitted. "But I'm sure you'll work your magic."

I released a startled laugh. "What magic?"

"That uncommon ability you have of bulldozing your way past conversations others may
consider awkward."

I shrugged. "Uncommon in high school, I would guess, but as you understand now, I've
already been through it. I don't really tolerate those sorts of insecurities any more."

Edward smiled. "Even beyond these walls, it's not as common as you would think. But I have
to ask…how old were you, before…?"

The bell rang.

I grinned. "Looks like you'll have to save that question for our date."

"I regret to find you're correct," Edward heaved an unnecessary sigh. He dropped a kiss on
my cheek, before heading off with an, "I'll see you after class."

"Bye," I laughed and followed my classmates inside.


I didn't see Jessica until trig. And I was glad Edward had said something, otherwise I might
not have noticed myself. Jess carried on with her typical bubbly demeanor and didn't seem
too put out when I offered to help her with her study guide.

"Ooh, I get it now," she nodded, jotting down the corrections I'd given her.

"That's good!" I said, and seeing this was as good an opportunity as any, I went ahead and
apologized, "Hey, I'm sorry for blowing you off all last week."

Jessica's smile dimmed as she looked at me in surprise. "Right. You did," she agreed. "It's
okay though. Lauren always does that whenever she gets together with Tyler."

"It isn't actually." God, I can't believe she just compared me to Lauren. "It wasn't very
considerate of me. And contrary to popular belief, I hardly saw Edward."
  At this admission, she swept her gaze across the room, taking note that no one seemed to be
  paying us any mind. "Interesting," she smiled. "So, what exactly have you been up to?"

  "I've been sworn to secrecy. But if you're up for it, I can make an exception for you," I
  grinned. I figured I could give her the same spiel I'd given Charlie. Plus, Jessica was a huge
  romantic. Telling her about the wedding was the least I could do to make it up to her.

  "I am totally up for it!" she whispered, "Scouts honor!"

  "Alright," I laughed. "But not here. Do you want to hang out at your place after school?"

  Her eyes brightened. "Really? Are you done with…whatever it is you've been doing?"

  "No," I said. "But I can take a break."

  "Awesome," she squealed. "And I don't have practice today, so we can leave right after!"

  "Sounds like a plan."

  "By the way," Jess mentioned before I could turn back to my next math problem. "Are you
  sure you don't want to come with us to First Beach this Saturday? Mike's been planning the
  trip for ages. We'll be sad if you don't come."

  I tensed at the reminder. "…I don't think so. I don't…have good memories of the ocean."

  "Oh." Jessica paused and then said, "I'm sorry. But maybe…"

  "Maybe what?" I asked, eyeing her curiously.

  "Maybe," she repeated, fiddling with her pencil, "You can make good memories. You know,
  with us."

  I smiled and relaxed my shoulders. "Maybe," I agreed. "Let me think about it?"

  "For sure." Jessica grinned, appearing relieved that I hadn't immediately shot her down.

  "Thanks. I'll let you know."



Chapter End Notes



    I actually missed Jessica. Hope everyone else is happy to have her back! x) And who
    else is looking forward to getting some more wolfy content? Knowing Leah, it should be
    all sorts of fun. In fact, knowing the dumb trio that is Jacob, Quil, and Embry, it will
    probably be chaos. But let me know what you'd like to see!

    Also, I might stick to writing shorter chapters again. Unlike this update, the last one kind
    of drained me.
Until next time! :3
                         Chapter 32: She’s got Beauty and Brains
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   After school, I found myself sprawled on a picnic blanket, gazing up at the dim, overcast sky
   intercepted by the rustling branches above me. My feet were tucked into Jessica's lap as she
   redid the polish on my toenails. The pedicure Alice had given me over a week ago had begun
   to chip, and Jess would not stand for it.

   As expected, Jessica was delighted by all the wedding plans I'd been telling her about. "That
   is so romantic," she sighed and then wondered, "What are Edward's cousins like?"

   I smirked. "Well…the resemblance is uncanny."

   "So they're drop dead gorgeous? Ugh, some people have all the luck in the world," she
   lamented.

   "Looks aren't everything, Jess."

   "Says the girl with Edward Cullen as her boyfriend!"

   I belted a sharp laugh. "Touché."

   "Okay, so they're beautiful," she continued, "If they're anything like Rosalie Hale, I guess
   there's not a whole lot more to say."

   "They're not. And Rosalie has a lot of walls up―I'm not sure we'll ever actually be friends."

   "…You talked to her?"

   "I did," I sighed, shoving aside a strand of hair fluttering against my face. "She's complicated
   in the way that results from trauma. I don't know that she'll ever heal from it, but at least
   we're not at each other's throats any more."

   Jessica hummed. "I guess being a foster kid isn't all it's cracked up to be."

   "Not at all. As for their cousins…I like them. I think you'd get along with Irina. She's very
   bubbly and as much of a romantic as you," I snickered.

   "Oh, I bet she loves all this then! I can't wait for each of us to get married," she cheered.
   "You'll definitely be my maid of honor!"

   My smile dimmed. Fortunately, she was too focused on my toes to notice. "Ditto."

   "What about the bride?"
"Oh. Kate?" I snorted. "She's just doing this for the sake of her older sister, Tanya. If it were
up to her, she would've eloped with Garrett and been out of the country by now. She's being a
good sport about it though."

"What? That's lame," Jess stuck out her tongue. "How can a girl not want a big, extravagant
wedding?"

"Beats me," I shrugged. "I definitely want one of those cascading bouquets―"

"―and a big puffy dress―"

"―and lots of flowers everywhere―"

"―and a tiara―"

"―and a big chocolate cake," I grinned.

"Ooh, what kind of cake are you guys having?"

The wild animal kind? "I have no idea about the food," I fibbed. "Esme is in charge of all
that."

"You better save me a slice!"

"Don't get your hopes up," I rolled my eyes.

"It's fine," she sniffed. "It's not like you bailed on me for a whole week. Why would I expect
even a slice of cake as atonement? I'm obviously asking for too much."

I propped myself up on my elbows. "Oh, I'm sorry, your highness. Did you nearly die from
the lack of attention?"

"Obviously! Look at my complexion, Isabella. I'm so pasty, I could pass for a corpse!"

I snorted. "Not nearly. And where was Mike this whole week?"

"Track season is starting in a few weeks, so he was mostly at tryouts," she said.

"Oh. How is everything with him?" I was surprised she hadn't started gushing at the mention
of his name.

"…It's the same," her smile turned sad. "I don't know, there was so much drama sophomore
year, and I thought this was finally our year. But I'm the same, and he's the same, and it's
okay. But it's not what I wanted."

That threw me for the loop. "Sophomore year?" I wiggled my toes. The once shimmery pink
nail beds were now a sparkly sky blue.

"Here, can you do my nails?"

I sat up, taking the brush in one hand, and Jessica's hand in the other.
"Sorry, sometimes it feels like you've been here since forever," she laughed sheepishly. "But
Mike and I were on and off all of sophomore year. Mostly off, if I'm being realistic.
Especially when Lauren was dating him."

"Lauren dated him? Why?" It was hard to imagine. Unlike Tyler, Mike seemed too laidback
to keep up with someone as demanding as Lauren. Sometimes, I thought Tyler liked playing
games even more than her.

"Because she could."

I wrinkled my nose. "Remind me, Jess―why are you friends with her?"

"Habit," she admitted. "After I moved out here from Texas, Lauren was the first to talk to me.
She was my first friend."

"Huh."

I swiped the brush across her thumbnail with one last coat, before picking up her other hand.
"Are you going to break up with him, then?"

"What? No way," she said. "The dance is in less than two weeks. That would be terrible
timing."

"It's not like there aren't other guys who wouldn't say yes to you," I pointed out, shooting her
an exasperated look.

"Have you seen the amount of guys in our grade?" Jessica shook her head. "Slim pickings,
Isabella. No way am I going with an underclassman, and senior girls have dibs on the guys in
their grade."

"You could always go solo?"

Jess shot me a look of disgust. "Over my dead body."

I laughed. "It's not so bad, going places by yourself and being comfortable with it. It's
actually very liberating."

She arched an accusing eyebrow. "Isabella. Everyone―including the Cullens of all
people―has been vying for your attention since the moment you got here. I'm not sure you
can relate."

I guess that's what comes with being the protagonist of my own storybook. "It wasn't always
like that."

Jessica didn't look like she believed me. But before I could elaborate, my cellphone rang.

"Hold up," I said, capping the bottle of nail polish and setting it to the side, before digging
out the small device from my back pocket and flipping it open. "Hello?"

"Isabella! It is you! How are you, pop tart girl?"
I blanched. "How the hell did you get my number?!"

"I had the good luck of running into your cute friend Riley, yesterday. I didn't know you two
were still high school students! It's a shame. I would've loved to meet up with you in person."

"Well, you can't," I replied flatly, mentally cursing Riley. "What do you want?"

Serena giggled, "To compare notes with my fellow vamp gal! Now, where should we start?
Admittedly, I haven't seen Angelo in a while. I think what I miss most about him, is his cold
embrace. Isn't there something that's so uniquely comforting about it?"

I eyed Jessica's curious expression and then replied, "Look, Serena. Now is really not a good
time."

"Oops. Did I interrupt? Sorry, Izzy! I'll call you at a better time!"

Before I could tell her I didn't want her calling me at all, the line went dead.

I lowered my phone and scowled, wishing I'd thought to check the caller ID before
answering. I already had enough on my plate without adding even more supernatural
characters into my life. Especially ones that weren't canon to the story.

As expected, it didn't take long for Jessica to pounce. "Who is Serena?! You so did not look
happy! What's the story?"

I rolled my eyes. "Let me finish up your nails," I reminded her instead.

Jessica lifted her hand back up, but bore her gaze into me, as though trying to compel me to
spill the beans.

"You do realize," I said, as I swiped polish across the nail of her middle finger. "You cannot
tell anyone about this. Charlie would…well, I don't know what he'd actually do. But my
social life would be over as I know it." Charlie wasn't very strict or nosy about what I got up
to, unless I wasn't coming home for the night. It made my relationship with him easier. But
I'm not sure how I would react the moment he started treating me like a kid on a more
permanent basis.

Jessica's blue eyes sparkled. "I swear it on my life!"

"You better," I sighed. "Because as far as he knows, I was having a sleepover with Alice and
her cousins this weekend. In reality, I was in Oregon, visiting some friends."

"Oregon?!" Jess practically shrieked. "You drove all the way to Oregon?!"

"Hush up, before your mom comes out here," I grumbled. "And I didn't. Edward gave me a
ride. You actually think my truck would survive the journey?"

"You visited another state with Edward?! That's so cool! But your dad would totally kill you
if he found out!" she said with a gleeful grin.
"Yes, exactly my point, Jess," I huffed. "Anyway, nothing scandalous happened. He just
dropped me off, and then came to pick me back up. But when I was hanging out at a college
party with my friend Riley, we met this girl, Serena."

"You're friends with a college girl? Who you met at a college party?" she gasped. "Could
your life be any more charmed? Ugh, I'm so jealous!"

Try being on the vampire hit list first, and then tell me how charmed my life is. "She insists on
being friends," I wrinkled my nose. "Honestly, I thought it was the alcohol talking. But then
she tracked Riley down so she could get my number. She's so weird."

Apparently, Jessica disagreed. "You must've made a good impression, Isabella! Most people
can't help but like you!"

"If you say so," I reluctantly agreed. It was hard to argue, when it was Bella's face that
attracted so much attention in this backwater town. And it was impossible to explain that it
wasn't me who'd made the impression, but Edward's scent on me.

"You have to take advantage!" Jess continued enthusiastically. "She's in college. I bet she'll
have loads of advice!"

"I'll think about it," I stalled.

"Ooh, did you tour the campus? What was it like?"

I did my best to describe the campus and what I learned on the impromptu tour Riley and I
had taken. Jessica squeezed every detail from me as though I were a lemon, and even more
so, when I told her what the college party was like. Apparently, it wasn't too different from
the types of parties Tyler occasionally hosted.

It was when I'd finished painting a clear top coat on her nails, that my phone pinged with a
text notification.

"Ugh, I hope it isn't her," I muttered, but when I flipped the phone open, it was to find a
nonsensical text from Edward.

If you'd prefer, tell him I've invited you to dinner.

I blinked.

And then, my phone rang―a call from the police station.

"Whoa. She's calling back already? I thought college students were supposed to be more busy
than this," Jessica snarked and blew gently on her nails.

"It's not Serena," I said, and then answered the call. "Chief?"

"Isabella," Charlie's voice echoed cheerfully from the other end. "The Clearwater's invited us
and the Black's over for dinner, so don't bother preparing anything for tonight."
"Oh, how nice of them." Great. Probably another ploy by Billy to corner me.

"You'll be able to make it by six?"

"Actually…" And then, I realized the purpose behind Edward's text. "Edward invited me out
to dinner. I know it's a bit last minute, but would that be alright?"

"Oh," Charlie paused for a second. "I guess that's fine. But don't stay out late. It's a school
night."

I smirked. "Wouldn't dream of it, chief."

As soon as I ended the call, Jess pointed an accusing finger at me.

"You never said anything about going on a date with Edward tonight!"

"He literally just texted me about it like two seconds ago," I laughed and glanced down when
my phone pinged again.

May I pick you up in five minutes?

Yes. Can't wait :)


After Edward picked me up, we began the drive out to Port Angeles.

I chatted a little about hanging out with Jess, but when I noticed his distracted nods, I said
instead, "Alright, out with it. Just what are you dying to know?"

Edward smirked. "Everything."

"Could you be any more ambiguous?" I rolled my eyes. "Let's see―what was it you asked
earlier? How old I was?"

He drummed his fingers against the steering wheel. "I have a theory about that, actually."

My eyebrows shot up. "…Let's hear it then."

Edward peeked at me from the corner of his eyes. "At the very least, you're twenty-five?"

My jaw dropped.

"May I assume I'm correct?"

"Well…well yeah," I stammered. "How on earth did you guess?"

Edward frowned. "…I hope you won't be upset. There's a lot that I also haven't shared with
you."

I shifted in my seat, turning more fully to face him. "How can I be? It took me this long to
even tell you the truth." It had been foolish of me to assume his side of the story had followed
Midnight Sun beyond the first chapter or two. I'd made a complete mess of the plot. It would
only follow that Edward now had a different story to tell.

"Do you recall when you were in the hospital and you had those CT scans taken?"

"Of course." That was the protocol for any sort of brain injury. Fortunately, Edward's
interference had ensured that I'd only gotten a mere bump on the head, instead of being
crushed grotesquely underneath Tyler's van.

Edward hesitated, before confessing, "Carlisle lied. There was nothing normal about those x-
rays."

"…What do you mean?"

"At a first glance, parts of your brain were abnormal," he explained, "And our initial thought
was that you might have some sort of neurodegenerative disease."

"Neurodegenerative?" I repeated slowly, "Like Alzheimer's or Parkinson's?"

"Yes," he said. "But that didn't make any sense. Those parts of your brain were actually more
mature than they should have been. And the parts that weren't would've pointed to a
neurodegenerative disease in an older person."

"…What did it mean in my case?"

"It meant areas of your brain were maturing at an accelerated rate," he explained. "If we
weren't positive that I hadn't endangered our secret, it's likely Carlisle would've taken you in
for further testing. Those parts of your brain pointed to near full maturity. At the time, it was
unprecedented."

I blinked and tried to wrap my head around what he'd just revealed. "…Wow. There was
never any real hope, was there?"

"Any hope for what?"

"Avoiding attention," I shrugged. "I've always been lousy at keeping secrets, but this
definitely takes the cake. My own brain scans gave me away."

"I suppose you're right," Edward chuckled.

"Is that why you kept asking me so many questions the rest of that week?" At the time, I had
assumed it was because he was confident I wasn't a danger to their secret. Instead, he must
have been curious about what I was hiding.

"Yes. Although you weren't easy to talk to at the time," he admitted. "I'm hoping we can
remedy that now."

I smiled. "Ask away."
Chapter End Notes



    Happy anniversary, guys! That's right, a year and over a 100K later, and I'm still
    working on this story. That's mostly thanks to you guys. Seriously, thank you to all my
    new and old readers. I wouldn't still be sticking it out if it weren't for you :3

    In celebration, I shall provide a gift! Pick one of the options listed below, and I will
    write the winner for you as soon as possible:

    1. For my readers of The Sea in Between, I will write a follow-up chapter of the latest
    segment, in which the Cullens react to Edward sneaking into Isabella's room :0 (Idea
    credited to AnimeLover229)

    2. For my readers of Whirlpools and Sinking Skeletons, I will finally write chapter 2 of
    Edward's POV.

    3. Mystery! (Clue: A fun scene that will be included in the main story.)

    I, of course, will eventually get around to writing the first two options (maybe). But I'll
    prioritize whichever y'all pick!

    Anyway, let me know what y'all thought of the chapter, and your vote, and I will update
    soonish! :)
                                       Chapter 33: Seas the Day
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   We were a few minutes outside of Port Angeles when Edward replied, "I suppose…I just
   want to know who you are."

   "I wouldn't even know where to begin with that," I smiled sheepishly.

   "I don't imagine it's so difficult," he refuted. "Who were you, before you were Isabella
   Swan?"

   My smile dimmed. "…There is one thing I can't tell you. Not because I don't want to, but
   because it's been wiped from my mind."

   Edward appeared startled by this admission. "They tampered with your memories?"

   "In more ways than one," I frowned. "Azmon said it would be easier to adjust to this new life,
   if I didn't remember my name. If I didn't remember my death. Maybe he was right, about the
   second one, but I can't imagine how having my name stolen would make any of this easier."

   His expression darkened. "And Azmon…he's the one who did this to you?"

   "I don't think so," I said. "From the way he described it, he sounded more like the messenger
   boy."

   "So there's a power higher than him," he deduced, exiting the highway and driving into town.

   "I would guess so," I agreed. "But Azmon was pretty tight-lipped. I hardly got anything from
   him. Then again, considering how well it went the first time I got him to reveal things, it's
   likely for the best."

   "You're referring to your encounter with him in the bookstore," Edward said, voice hesitant.

   "Yes," I whispered, voice becoming slightly choked. I was forced to speak slowly around the
   lump in my throat, lest I start crying. "I didn't just remember. It was like…like I was forced to
   relive that moment. One second, I was sitting down, and then…I was drowning. And then,
   you were there and I was alive again. It was horrific."

   "I know," he murmured, voice dark with something hateful. "You don't need to keep talking
   about this, if you don't want to."

   "No, it's fine," I assured him, "I think I'm getting better at it."

   He slid his car into one of the parking spots in the main shopping street and turned to gaze at
   me gently. "Okay."
"Okay," I agreed.

When he opened the passenger door on my behalf, he asked with a lighter tone, "What would
you like to eat?"

"Let me think about it," I said, grasping his hand and stepping out onto the walkway. "I'm not
hungry just yet."

"I'll let you know when you are," he teased, using his other hand to gesture towards his ear.

"Please don't. That's weird," I laughed as we fell into step beside each other, strolling along
the path.

"Everything about me is weird."

"True," I grinned. "I'm pretty weird as well. Not so much, in the before. I was like, the nice
female version of Mr. Varner."

His eyes lit up with glee. "You were a high school math teacher?"

"Now you know who I truly was," I said with mock sorrow.

"No wonder you act like you've already been through high school," he snickered. "You didn't
just graduate once. You went back of your own volition."

I jabbed him with my elbow. "At least I don't have a dozen high school diplomas. That's just
miserable."

"As a matter of fact, I only have six."

I shot him a look of disbelief.

"Accidents happen, so we don't finish half the time. And we prefer college. Plus, as one of
the oldest, I've had to assist Carlisle with three different newborns. It didn't leave much room
to earn a whole dozen."

"Fair enough," I smirked.

By now, dusk had descended. The shops and restaurants around us brightened invitingly with
a warm glow. Although I wasn't hungry yet, I began wondering what I might be in the mood
for.

"Before," Edward said, pulling me from my thoughts as we rounded a corner, "You
mentioned someone. A brother."

"Oh," I whispered, heart clenching. "Yes. He's the person I miss most."

"He was your most important person?" Edward asked delicately, as though unsure if I would
be willing to answer.
I smiled reassuringly at him. "Yes," I agreed. "My parents―I love them, but…they never
wanted to be parents. I was an accident, and thirteen years after me, so was my brother."

"So you practically raised him," he realized.

"Exactly. People would even assume I was his mom. I took him to everything and attended
all his school events," I explained. "It resulted in a close bond between us that my mom
sometimes resented. But I didn't care. I love that kid."

Edward frowned sadly. "I'm sorry you had to lose him."

"I am too. I just wish I'd gotten some more time with him, before I had to die. He was too
young."

Edward paused long enough to embrace me. My body, having learned to associate his cool
temperature with comfort, pressed closely against him without protest.

When I finally pulled away, I looked up at him and surmised, "So, that's it. I was a full-time
math teacher, and a part-time mom. Do you now have the full picture?"

He laughed. "Not even close, love."

"What more could you possibly want to know?!"

"Everything," he reminded me. "For example, you must've dated."

I wrinkled my nose with distaste. "That's a bit of a sore subject," I admitted as we fell back
into our stroll. "Most dates were forgettable, but I did have one long term relationship. It
ended pretty ugly. Like, restraining order-level ugly."

"…He hurt you?" Edward asked in a low, stilted voice.

"Oh no, not at all," I said, "But he did stalk me."

Edward winced.

"It's not a jab at you," I smirked. "I'm just glad you stopped when you did."

"I am too. I apologize."

"All is forgiven."

"And your ex?"

"Like I said, sore subject," I frowned, rubbing a hand against my chest, as though that would
ease the phantom ache. "It was very toxic. He was my best friend and we had a great time
together. In those moments, it was easy to overlook all the bad things he did―the
manipulation, the lies, the scheming. It was a mess."

"It sounds like a lot to unpack," he agreed carefully.
"And I'd rather not do that on our date."

"Hint taken," Edward smiled. "What about adulthood? Do you miss it?"

"I do and don't. It was stressful sometimes, but absolutely worth it for the freedom.
Nowadays, I can't even stay out past eleven, unless Esme is there to bribe Charlie with a
homemade meal and some baked goods," I snorted.

"I'm aware," he chuckled. "Living with Charlie must be strange."

"It really was at first. He's not so bad. I just feel bad whenever I spend time with him at
home. He thinks he's bonding with his daughter, when in reality, I'm a stranger."

"True. But he doesn't know that. In this case, ignorance really is bliss."

"…I'm worried about him. It won't be long before Alice's vision comes to pass. And then,
where will that leave him?"

Edward frowned sadly. "I suppose, the only thing you really can do is offer him good
memories. It'll be what he cherishes most, when you're gone."

"I guess so," I sighed.

I then slowed to stop, when I realized we'd reached the familiar clapboard steps from long
ago.

"Let's go down to the pier," I suggested.

"Are you sure that's a good idea?" Edward frowned, resisting the tug on his arm.

I turned back to him. "Probably not. But I really want to go to First Beach this weekend with
the girls. I'd rather test out now how I react to being near the water."

Edward sighed and agreed reluctantly, "Very well."

"Thank you," I said, tightening my grip on him. "I wouldn't have the guts to do this on my
own."

"That would be foolish," he pointed out. "It'd be dangerous, if you were to have a panic attack
in such a place."

"That too."

I clomped down the clapboard steps, fingers digging into the sleeve folds of Edward's beige
leather jacket. It felt like a lifetime ago, that I'd stumbled down these same steps. Back when
I didn't have an aversion to the ocean; back when I hoped that this life was only temporary.
The steps remained the same; I did not.

But no one could see that. No one other than myself, and Edward.
As soon as we stepped onto the boardwalk suspended above the black waters, the
concentrated smell of salt water hit me like a freight train.

―dark, cold, wet, Ican'tbreathe―

"…Isabella?"

"I-I think," I stuttered, shakily stepping forward under his guarded gaze, until I sunk onto my
knees right along the edge of the boardwalk. "I think I'm going to be sick," I mumbled, before
leaning over the water and retching.

Cool fingers slid my hair away from my face as I coughed up what little remained in me from
lunch, nausea roiling across the back of my throat and chest.

Finally, I sat back with a weak groan, breathing shallowly through my lips.

"That was gross," I mumbled, swiping my sleeve across my mouth. "Sorry you had to see
that."

For a moment, Edward didn't reply, and then he pushed a plastic water bottle into my hands.

"Thanks," I muttered, and rinsed my mouth out over the edge.

Edward pressed a cool hand against my back. "No one expects you to do this. Why are you
pushing yourself?"

I swallowed a few sips, and admitted while gazing forlornly down at the black, "Because…I
used to love going to the beach. And, this pain that I now associate with it, isn't something I
want to carry into immortality."

"How do you mean?"

"I'm not totally sure how your physiology works…but I know vampires are permanent
creatures. If I carry this memory with me into eternity, will I always dread coming near the
water?" I glanced over and met Edward's concerned gaze.

"I…couldn't say. Everyone is different. When we turn, we lose many of our human
memories. We tend to only keep the ones we cling on to. You might be able to forget, but I
can't guarantee it."

"And that's why I insist on doing this," I said firmly. "I'll go to First Beach on Saturday. And
I'll take medicine to keep the nausea at bay. I'll get better."

When I noticed a frown still marred his face, I asked, "What's the matter?"

"Nothing. I just wish I could go with you," he confessed.

My expression softened. "You're with me now," I reminded him. "Now, come on. My
stomach is empty and I'm definitely getting hungry."
Edward helped me to my feet as he said, "If you're sure you can keep it down, I'll treat you to
anything you want."

"The sea salt smell isn't as potent over by the shops and restaurants. I think I'll be fine," I
assured him.

Even so, he kept an arm curved protectively around my shoulders as he lead me back the way
we'd come.

"Anything in particular you'd like to eat?"

"This body always seems to favor Italian," I muttered with a roll of my eyes. "Pizza sounds
good."

Edward peered down at me curiously. "Not that I'm too familiar with human cuisine, but what
were your preferences before?"

I shrugged. "Mainly spicy foods, I guess."

He sighed. "Those words mean nothing to me."

"Yeah, I figured," I laughed. "You either get the sweet human munchies, or bland animal tofu.
There's not much room for variety."

"There's a little," he argued. "Lion tofu is a hundred times better than elk tofu."

"Yeah, and I'm sure o-positive is a million times better than both," I snorted.

"Don't remind me," he grumbled. "Come on, there's a pizza place this way."

"Ooh, perfect!"


It was the next day after school, when I found myself stuck in the living room between Kate's
pleading eyes and Garrett's amused expression.

"I'm positive, I'm the last person you should be asking for help," I hedged. "Also, is Garrett
even supposed to be listening in on this?"

Kate pouted. "He lingers, because he enjoys teasing me. If he were really brave, he would sit
here, right next to me."

"I've been on the receiving end of those zappy fingers a couple of times already, sweetheart,"
Garrett assured her with a wink. "Besides, this angle provides such a lovely view of your
profile."

Kate snorted, pretending she wasn't flattered. "Coward."

"I'm not so easily intimidated. But you, Kate, are certainly worthy of caution."
I sighed. "I'm warning you, I have no experience in this. You'd likely have better luck with
Rosalie or Carmen."

"No, no," Kate waved me off. "I already spoke with them both. But Rosalie's ideas tend to be
more on the suggestive side, and Carmen wrote all of her's in Spanish, which you would not
think was a problem―until you translate it and realize they are the traditional Christian
vows. I was hoping for something a little more original. It was similar with Esme, and Alice's
were so full of their actual future, I could not draw much inspiration from that."

"…So, I'm actually your last resort," I said dryly.

"Do not feel insulted," Kate patted the back of my shoulder gently. "I was merely
approaching those who have already had the experience of being wed. Since that was of no
use, I hoped that you could offer some insight."

I slumped back against the couch in defeat. "Alright."

"Thank you, Isabella! I knew I could count on you," Kate grinned.

"I guess that's my cue to scram," Garrett jumped to his feet. "Good luck, ladies."

He disappeared in a flash.

I turned to Kate as I made myself more comfortable on the couch. "I think," I began slowly,
pulling a cushion onto my lap, "That the reason you're struggling with writing your vows, is
that you keep going to others to gain inspiration. Vows are meant to be personal and only
specific to your relationship with Garrett."

"Oh. Yes, Alice pointed out a similar thought."

I quirked an eyebrow. "Then what's the problem?"

Her shoulders slumped. "I do not know where to begin."

I smiled. "Maybe, letting him know how much you love him, would be a good start."

Her amber eyes brightened with devotion. "Yes, I suppose that is not a terrible idea."

Kate picked up her notebook from the coffee table and flipped it open, sweeping the tip of
her pen across a fresh page.

The moment she finished jotting down her thoughts, she turned back to me, pen at ready.
"What is next?"

I smothered a laugh. "We're not checking off a list," I said. "But, how about…"

We spent the rest of the hour brainstorming ideas of what she could include in her vows,
when we were interrupted by Alice.
  "Kate!" she called, darting down the stairs and across the room in a blur. "How angry would
  you be if you had a wedding crasher or two?"

  Kate glanced up towards her. "I say, the more, the merrier."

  "Splendid!" Alice clasped her palms together with a cheer.

  "Who's dropping by?" I asked.

  "I'll keep that a surprise," she shot me a wink. "Oh! And don't tell my brother!"

  Before I could point out that there wasn't much to tell, Alice disappeared.

  With a shrug, I turned back and picked up where I'd left off with Kate.



Chapter End Notes



    This chapter was going to be longer, until I realized it's been weeks since I updated x)

    Thank you to everyone who voted on the poll. Options 2 and 3 were basically tied, so I'll
    be updating Edward's POV next, and I'll start drafting a fun scene for y'all. I was
    thinking some nonsense with the human!squad could be entertaining!

    Also, for those who haven't read it, I published an outtake from Leah's POV. If that's of
    any interest to you, feel free to check it out here.

    Until next time! :)
                   Chapter 34: The Red Juice is not for Everyone
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   We were exiting the cafeteria, when Edward said, "I'm not going to biology today."

   At my pointed look, he shrugged. "It's healthy to ditch class now and then."

   The sudden déjà vu I was struck with caused me to stumble to a halt. His gentle grip on my
   arm kept me upright.

   "Isabella?"

   "Oh." I blinked, when the realization hit me. "We're blood typing in biology."

   Edward quirked an eyebrow. "Your gift now reveals surprise classroom activities?"

   I shook my head and muttered, "Just the relevant ones."

   He pulled me aside, so that we would no longer block the walkway, and asked quietly, "Are
   you alright? You appear troubled."

   I pursed my lips. "It's just…this past month-and-a-half not much was meant to happen,
   according to what I knew walking in. And then, I went off script."

   Edward tilted his head. "And now?"

   "I guess…we're back on script?" I smiled nervously. "Blood typing in biology, First Beach on
   Saturday, and…sunny on Monday?"

   "Yes, the sun will be making an appearance on Monday, as well as Tuesday," he confirmed.

   I frowned. I was missing something. Or someone?

   "Well, I guess it can't be helped," I shrugged, shoving aside my worrying thoughts for later.
   "I'll see you after school?"

   "I'll meet you by the gym," he assured me, brushing a brief kiss against my hairline, before
   turning and striding off.

   By now, the walkways were nearly empty, and so I hurried off to class. But it was for
   nothing. Mr. Banner wasn't even inside by the time I arrived.

   I settled at my lab table with a small huff, dumping my backpack on Edward's empty side and
   scooting my stool in.
Mr. Banner came into the room then, a couple of cardboard boxes balanced in his arms.
Dropping them at Mike's table, he asked him to start passing the items out.

"Okay, guys, I want you all to take one piece from each box," he said as he snapped on a pair
of rubber gloves. "The first should be an indicator card." He held up a white card marked
with four squares. "The second is a four-pronged applicator," he continued, lifting something
that looked like a hair pick. "And the third is a sterile micro-lancet." He then showed us a
small piece of blue plastic and split it open.

"I'll be coming around with a dropper of water to prepare your cards, so please don't start
until I get to you."

He began at Mike's table, putting a drop of water in each of the four squares. "I want you to
carefully prick your finger with the lancet." He grabbed Mike's hand and jabbed the spike
into the tip of his middle finger.

"Put a small drop of blood on each of the prongs." He demonstrated, squeezing Mike's finger
until blood flowed. "And then apply it to the card," he finished, holding up the dripping red
card for us to see.

"The Red Cross is having a blood drive in Port Angeles next weekend, so I thought you
should all know your blood type. Those of you who aren't eighteen yet will need a parent's
permission―I have slips at my desk."

That's when the smell hit me.

A metallic scent invaded my nostrils, causing my stomach to flip, nausea trembling down the
back of my throat.

Around me, my classmates began to skewer their fingers and the sharp smell multiplied in
intensity.

"Isabella, are you all right?" Mr. Banner said. It was then that I realized my head had slumped
against the cool tabletop.

"I think I'm gonna be sick," I cried.

Alarmed, he called, "Can someone take Isabella to the nurse, please?" And then, he asked
me, "Can you walk?"

"I think so," I mumbled.

Next thing I knew, Mike was dragging me to my feet, shouldering my right arm and
wrapping his own arm around my torso.

Dizzy with nausea, I stumbled after him out of the classroom and outside the building.
Fortunately, it wasn't raining outside, but the fresh air did wonders for the queasiness in my
stomach.
We had just rounded the cafeteria, when I stopped cooperating. "Just stop for a sec." I
grimaced. "The movement is making it worse."

"You're not going to puke on me, are you?" Mike complained.

"I might."

At my admission, Mike hurriedly sat me down at the edge of the sidewalk. "Just take it easy,"
he suggested nervously, sitting beside me. "You're really green."

I slumped against his arm. "Don't remind me," I cried.

"Isabella?" I suddenly heard Edward call from a distance, voice upset. "What's wrong? Is she
hurt?"

"I don't know! She didn't even prick her finger!"

I felt Edward sitting on my other side, gently pulling me off of Mike. "Can you hear me,
love?"

"I'm alive," I assured him, the words muffled against the shoulder of his leather jacket.

"I was taking her to the nurse," Mike explained. "But she was on the verge of throwing up."

"Thank you, Mike. I'll take her," Edward said. "You can go back to class."

"Alright, man. Hope you feel better, Isabella."

"Thanks," I mumbled, ears still ringing.

As soon as I heard Mike's footsteps fade away, Edward asked, "You faint at the sight of
blood?" Despite the concern in his voice, I didn't miss the hint of amusement.

"No," I explained slowly, breathing in his lovely scent with the hope of quelling the nausea.
"It's this body. I forgot―it can easily smell blood. It made me sick."

"People can't smell blood," he said, sounding bewildered.

"Would you believe me if I puked on your shoes?" I snarked.

"No need," he chuckled, and then pulled me closer, hooking an arm under my knees and
lifting me up as he stood.

"What are you doing?" I moaned, and then pressed my lips tightly together when the rocking
caused my stomach to roil. Contrary to what I'd said, I didn't actually want to vomit on
Edward.

"Doing as I said I would," he reminded me, cradling me gently in his arms. "We'll have the
nurse look you over, and then I'll convince Mrs. Cope to let you go home early."
I nodded against his chest to show my agreement, my mouth still clamped shut. Fortunately,
Edward was gentle with his movements and I was able to avoid disaster.

As soon as we entered the office, I heard Mrs. Cope gasp at the sight of me.

"She fainted in biology," Edward explained.

I peeked and saw Mrs. Cope run ahead to open the nurse's door. Edward strode in and
carefully set me down along the crackly paper covering the brown vinyl mattress on the cot.

"She fainted," he explained to the startled nurse. "They're blood typing in Biology."

"There's always one," the old nurse sighed, and then turned to me. "Just lie down for a
minute, honey. It'll pass."

I didn't answer, focusing on taking deep, shaky breaths.

"I'm going to speak with Mrs. Cope," Edward told me, before slipping back out of the narrow
room.

Once he disappeared, the nurse said, "I'll go get you some ice for your forehead, dear."

She bustled out of the room and I closed my eyes, relieved to have a moment alone.

Confident that I wouldn't immediately puke, I breathed deeply through my nose, urging my
stomach to settle and the spinning to subside. Slowly, but surely, it worked, and my head
cleared up enough for me to berate myself. What's the point of foreknowledge if I'm just
gonna do the same dumb shit as the main character?

By the time the nurse returned, I was feeling relatively normal, if a little exasperated with
myself.

"Here you go, dear," she said, placing the ice pack against my forehead. "You're looking
better," she added.

"I think I'm fine now," I said, slowly sitting up and returning the compress. "But thank you."

I was exiting the nurse's station, just as Mike burst into the front office, half-dragging Lee
Stephens inside. I stepped aside, joining Edward by the counter.

"Mrs. Cope said we're good to go," he grinned, wrapping an arm around my shoulders and
leading me back out.

"That's a relief," I sighed. "I'm not sure I would've made it through gym feeling like this.
Thank you."

"It's my pleasure."

We walked to his car in companionable silence. Mist had begun to settle and the cold felt
cleansing against my sweaty skin.
"You know," he said, as he opened the passenger door on my behalf, "I am confused about
one thing."

"What's that?" I asked, leaning my forearm against the roof of his car.

"Did you not foresee any of this?"

I smiled sheepishly. "I did. But I was never able to smell the scent of blood before. I didn't
imagine I could suddenly do it now, but hindsight is twenty-twenty."

Edward hummed in thought and gestured for me to climb inside once it started raining.

As he pulled out of the parking lot, he mentioned, "The story you follow is sometimes very
strange."

I blinked. "…Story?"

"Yes. I noticed your gift of knowledge is like a story," he explained, shooting me a curious
look from his peripherals. "One we can choose to follow or not, as long as we're aware of
what's written in it. Am I wrong?"

"No," I smiled. "You're closer to the mark than you think."

"How so?" he asked, turning into the highway.

My smile dimmed.

"…You're not ready to explain?"

"No, not really," I admitted. Did I really want to confess that we were all just a bunch of
storybook characters? No. At least, not yet. So I changed the subject, "Does Esme know
we're coming home early?"

Edward allowed the switch in topic without protest. "Yes, I already called her. She's
extremely worried about you."

I shot him an accusing glare. "You told her I actually fainted."

"You just about did," he snickered.

I rolled my eyes. "I'm glad you find my pain so amusing."

Edward shrugged, unrepentant. "It's easier than dwelling on the fact that I nearly murdered
Newton."

"Why? Because you thought he was dragging my dead body off to bury it in the woods?" I
snorted.

"It's like you stole the words right out of my mouth. Literally."

"Sorry, bad habit," I laughed.
"In the decades that I've known her, Alice has never once apologized for it," Edward
reassured me with a wink.

"I'll keep that in mind for next time."

Finally, we turned into the unpaved road that would lead to his house. It was as we broke the
treeline and reached the driveway, that I realized, "Shoot! I forgot my backpack!"

"Don't concern yourself," Edward said, parking the car and vanishing from the driver's seat.
Once he reappeared at my door and opened it, he assured me, "Alice will pick it up once
classes end."

I took his hand and climbed out, wearing an expression of disbelief. "In a room full of
bleeding teenagers?"

He shrugged. "She'll figure out how to best approach it. Alice would never jeopardize our
way of life."

"Alright," I agreed reluctantly, feeling a bit guilty, as I was sure it wouldn't be a comfortable
situation for her.

We were met by Esme at the front door.

"Isabella!" she gasped, pulling me into a gentle embrace and then stepping back to look me
over. "You're so pale. Come and take a seat," she urged, leading me into their vast living
room.

"Edward was exaggerating," I assured her, but followed her regardless. "I didn't totally faint.
I was just a bit sick."

Esme looked towards me with disbelief as I settled on the couch. "None of that, sweetheart.
I'm heating up soup for you right now. Edward, bring her some medicine, would you?"

"On it." He disappeared in a blur, returning at a slower, human gait with a glass of water
balanced in one hand.

Esme brushed back the hair that had stuck to my face and said, "I'll go prepare you a bowl of
soup. Rest up for now."

"Thank you, Esme," I said, knowing there would be no swaying her.

"Anytime, lovely girl," she smiled sweetly and swept gracefully out of the room.

Edward sat beside me and pressed the glass of water between my hands, and then turned to
open the bottle of pills, before handing me one.

"It's for motion sickness," he explained. "It should help settle your stomach."

"You guys just happened to have motion sickness pills?" I asked and popped the pill into my
mouth, swallowing it dry.
Edward arched an eyebrow, but didn't comment. Instead, he explained, "Esme was upset she
didn't have any type of painkillers to offer you after the battle that broke out with the nomads.
We stocked up after that."

"Oh. Thank you," I smiled, warm emotions stirring in my chest.

Esme returned then, balancing a tray of food in her arms, which she placed gently on the
coffee table.

"If you need anything else, let me know, sweetheart. I'll be in my study," Esme said and
pressed a kiss against the top of my head.

"Okay. I appreciate it," I smiled.

She vanished and Edward lifted the bowl of chicken soup to my lap, exchanging it for the
glass of water.

"Hmm," I hummed, after I took a warm spoonful and swallowed. "She followed my recipe."

Edward wrinkled his nose.

"Don't make that face," I laughed and took another sip.

"I apologize, but…it smells repulsive," he admitted.

I rolled my eyes. "Obviously it would for you, Count Dorkula."

"Touché," he grumbled.

I swallowed another mouthful, and asked, "You're free to practice today?" After I'd taken a
break on Monday, Edward and I had gotten back into the swing of things―literally. I'd
become better at the dance he'd been teaching me (when he wasn't assisting Emmett with his
little project.) Today and tomorrow would be my last days to practice, seeing as I'd be gone
on Saturday.

"I am," he said. "In fact, we can start as soon as you're done eating."

I huffed. "Alright, fine. Pass me the bread."

"Don't worry. Take your time," he smirked, doing as requested.

I bit into Esme's homemade bread with a sigh of contentment.

I was nearly done with my late lunch, when Carlisle swept down the winding staircase,
appearing ready to head off to work. "Isabella," he called, veering in our direction. "I hope
you're feeling better?"

"Hey, doc," I smiled. "Yeah, I'm perfectly fine."
"Excellent," he beamed, and then softened his face into something contrite. "And Isabella? In
regards to your past, I wanted to say―"

"Carlisle, I know you have questions, but right now you have guests," I reminded him gently.
Although I hadn't seen them, I knew they were probably hanging about somewhere on their
property. And while I was now growing comfortable with the idea that the Cullens knew my
truth, I wasn't sure I was ready to be so unpleasantly honest with the rest of their family.

"Oh, well yes, I do have questions. But I was actually going to apologize," he admitted. "We
haven't seen much of each other lately, so I know it's a tad late. But I'm sorry, Isabella, if my
reaction to your past made you feel amiss. It was never my intention to hurt you."

I blinked, taking a moment to process his words. Jasper's revelation that Carlisle easily
moved past my confession had been reassuring enough for me. So, I'd completely forgotten
about his initial reaction. "It's okay, Carlisle," I said. "I'm sorry I had to go and make it all
sound as dramatic and as upsetting as possible. I don't hold anything against you."

"That's relieving to know," he said, expression relaxing. "And whenever you're ready to
indulge my curiosity, let me know."

"I will," I snorted.

"Right, well I have to head off. Please try not to break anything while I'm at work."

"We'll be good," Edward promised. "But I don't speak for any of my siblings. Or our
cousins."

"I suppose I'll take what I can get," Carlisle muttered and strode back towards the entrance.

I snickered and exchanged an amused glance with Edward.

"It's a wonder we haven't attracted any attention with over a dozen of us in the house."

Edward's words struck a chord in me. "Oh, that's what I was forgetting," I recalled, with a
snap of my fingers. "Peter and Charlotte."

"Peter and Charlotte?" Edward repeated with a quirk of his eyebrow. "Jasper's family. What
about them?"

"…They're visiting. You didn't know?" I asked. "I think they were supposed to arrive on
Monday, but Alice mentioned someone might be crashing the wedding, so I guess they might
arrive by Sunday night."

Whatever amusement had colored his expression before, instantly vanished from his face.

"…I just got Alice in trouble, didn't I?"

"Yes," he murmured darkly, eyes straying towards the front door. "And just in time for her to
arrive."
  I glared at the vibrating phone shaking my nightstand.

  I'd been ready to go to sleep, but a glance at the caller ID revealed that the night insisted on
  adding a little more drama to my life. As if dealing with Edward and Alice arguing hadn't
  been enough for one day.

  I flipped open the phone and said, "Serena, I am trying to sleep."

  "This early?" she laughed, though it came across slightly shaky. "You're such a kid."

  "I guess. What's wrong? You sound a little off."

  "Oh, the pain meds haven't completely kicked in yet," she confessed. "Angelo finally came
  back."

  I sat up. "…He hurt you."

  "It's just a sprained wrist. It'll heal right up! Angelo tends to forget his own strength,
  especially if I haven't seen him in a while," she said, sounding slightly defensive.

  "Okay…" What was I supposed to say to her? Even if it was an accident just like she'd said,
  she didn't appear eager to walk away from such a dangerous relationship. "I hope you'll feel
  better soon."

  "Thank you," Serena said. "I'm sorry if I woke you up. I'll try not to call so late, next time."

  I was still feeling concerned enough that I didn't bother rebuffing her efforts to be my friend.
  "Alright. Take care of yourself."

  "I will! Goodnight, Isabella."

  The line went dead.

  I flipped my phone close and frowned down at it, unable to completely shake off my worry. I
  imagined, Serena's relationship with Angelo is what Twilight could've been, if it had taken a
  darker turn.

  I swallowed down my sleeping pill and settled into bed, trying not to dwell too deeply on
  those morbid thoughts.



Chapter End Notes



    You know, I was excited to rewrite the blood typing scene, because it was my favorite
    Twilight scene as a kid. But wow. Rereading it made me realize what an asshat Edward
    was, dragging Bella around the parking lot and being a sarcastic little shit.
But I hope y'all enjoyed my rendition! Next chapter will be the fun scene y'all voted for!
:)
               Chapter 35: The Accidental Murder of Mr. Brown
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   "Can you believe him?" Jessica was complaining, shoving her books into her locker with
   more force than necessary. "He seriously had to schedule it for today? On a Friday?!"

   "Hey, just be glad he's allowing you to make up the exam at all," I said, leaning back against
   the neighboring locker. "You got a B- the first go round. A retake is pretty much uncalled
   for."

   "Plus, they'll be finalizing grades for the third quarter soon," Angie reminded her from her
   other side. "Mr. Jefferson will need time to grade retakes before that."

   "Ugh, I guess you guys are right," she admitted, shutting her locker and shouldering her
   school bag. "But it's Friday."

   I patted her shoulder sympathetically.

   "What are you whining about now, Jess?" Lauren demanded, joining our group, sipping
   daintily at her latte.

   "I have to retake my government exam after school―"

   Lauren held up her free hand. "Forget I asked."

   Jessica pouted.

   "Anyway," Lauren continued, tucking a long strand of hair behind her ear, "I was thinking we
   should come over to my place today, after your test or whatever. You can help me choose
   what to wear for tomorrow. And we can pick out a couple of CDs. We have to bring my
   stereo of course and―"

   I glanced up, curious as to what had finally gotten Lauren to shut up.

   And directly across the way, I noticed Tyler at his locker, where a freshman girl was chatting
   him up.

   It shouldn't have been an issue, considering him and Lauren were currently off. But I
   suppose, someone forgot to mention that to Lauren, because she started foaming at the
   mouth, styrofoam cup creasing dangerously beneath her fingertips.

   "Come on, Lor, let's go to class," Jessica suggested, voice coming out as a squeak.

   "In a minute," she hissed, narrowed green eyes following the path of the freshman girl, until
   she disappeared into the girls' bathroom. "First, I have some business to take care of."
Jessica shot me a wide-eyed look. "Isabella! Do something!"

"Why me?"

Lauren could barely stand me on a good day.

"Come on," Angela urged, and so we hurried after her, before she could murder the innocent
freshman.

We reached the bathroom just as another girl scurried out, likely chased off by Lauren, and
rushed inside.

"Lauren, back off," I said, eyeing the small brunette who she'd cornered by the sinks. "I think
you've done enough damage for one day."

"I don't need your help, Isabella," snapped the freshman, startling me. I hadn't realized she
knew my name. Although in a school this small, it wasn't so odd.

I hummed in acknowledgment. "My mistake."

On either side of me, Angela and Jess shifted uncomfortably, likely thrown off by the brash
underclassman.

"As for you, Lauren," she continued, hissing up at the tall blonde, "You don't scare me. Tyler
is so over your games. You're starting to look desperate."

I exchanged a wide-eyed glance with Jessica.

Lauren laughed. "Paige you're, what? Fourteen? Tyler isn't interested in kids."

"I'm fifteen!"

"Could've fooled me," Lauren sneered. "Cake your face with makeup and stuff your bra all
you want. It's not going to hide your baby fat, and it's certainly not going to make you
attractive. Face it, Tyler's never going to look at you as more than that little sixth grader who
wet her sleeping bag on our middle school camping trip."

Paige grew red in the face, looking close to tears.

Beside me, Angela whispered, "Lauren, no…"

I sighed.

"You guys are ridiculous, fighting over a boy," I said, stepping forward and tugging Lauren
back into our group. "Tyler's more concerned with beating out Mike at tryouts, and you're
over here fighting over him, like he actually gives a shit about any of this."

Lauren shook off my grip and smirked. "You're right, Isabella. This is a complete waste of
our time."
Paige angrily wiped at her face. "Then why did you look so threatened by me moments ago?"

"A small case of irrationality, I'm guessing," Lauren snickered. "But you're just a dumb kid."

"And you're a bitch!"

Splash!

"Oops," Lauren said flatly, chucking her empty disposable coffee cup into the trash can.

"Miss Mallory!" Mrs. Goff gasped behind us. "What is the meaning of this?"

I sighed again. I'm too old to be dealing with this shit.


The good news was, the coffee Lauren had poured over Paige had been lukewarm, meaning
no one was physically hurt in the middle of their altercation.

The bad news was, all of us―excluding Paige and the girl who'd run off to grab a
teacher―had to serve detention after school, meaning my time at the Cullen's would be cut
short before I'd have to head home for dinner.

"Why you repeat high school, is something I will never understand," I grumbled, dragging
my feet as Edward walked me to detention.

"We can stay longer in one place―"

"―If you start out younger," I cut in. "Yes, yes, I know the spiel."

Edward grinned. "And generally, we don't become too entrenched in human affairs."

"Understandable," I conceded. "You don't mind, returning to pick me up?"

"Don't be absurd," he rolled his eyes, just as we reached the detention classroom. "Of course I
don't mind. You're not a burden."

I smiled softly. "Just checking."

He leaned down and brushed his lips gently against my cheek. "I'll be back in an hour."

"Alright. Don't miss me too much," I winked.

He laughed. "You know I will."

I slipped my hand away from his and stepped into the class with a grin. Unsurprisingly, I was
the first one there.

I slid into a chair in the second row and dug out another book Edward had let me borrow.

I had barely gotten through the first page, when Jessica showed up in a whirlwind.
I set my book down. "…Are you okay?"

Jessica dumped her binder, notebooks, and textbook atop the desk beside me with a deafening
slam.

"I convinced Mr. Jefferson to come back after our detention, so that I can take the test," she
gasped, slumping down into her chair. "You guys were right. Today is my last chance to
retake this."

"That's good," I smiled. "I'm sorry you'll have to stay so late."

"Don't remind me," she muttered, flipping open her government textbook and leaning
forward with a look of intense concentration.

I refrained from interrupting her study session, and returned to my book.

It was only a few minutes later when Lauren and Angie walked in. Lauren was on her phone,
arguing with what sounded like Samantha, while Angela appeared exasperated.

They sat directly behind us and Lauren finally snapped her phone shut.

"This is so unfair," Lauren hissed. "I'm missing the newest episode of Lost just because little
miss boyfriend-stealer couldn't handle a bit of retaliation."

I set my book down, accepting the fact that I likely wouldn't make much progress. I twisted
in my chair and arched an eyebrow. "She didn't even rat you out. We're only here because
Mrs. Goff caught you mid-coffee dump."

Lauren scowled. "Whose side are you on, Isabella?"

"I'm in detention because of you," I said flatly. "Do the math."

She rolled her eyes so far back, only the whites were visible. "Whatever," she muttered,
flipping her phone back open, thumbs clicking furiously across the number keypad.

I turned back in time to catch Mike entering the room, still dressed in his gym clothes and
feet dragging across the tiled floor.

"What are you in for?" I snorted.

"Hey guys," Mike smiled sheepishly and dropped into the seat on Jessica's other side. "…
Jess, why on earth are you studying?"

"Mr. Jefferson is letting me do the retake after detention," she glanced up and explained,
before shoving her nose back into her book.

"…Alright." Mike shrugged and turned to look at me above her wild curls. "Mr. Varner gave
me detention after I accidentally hit him with a plastic gnome in the hallway. Which really
bites, because now I'm going to be late to tryouts." He scowled at the reminder.
"You've been attending all week," I told him. "I'm sure it won't hurt your chances in the least
bit."

"Tell that to Tyler," he grumbled.

I laughed. "Take it easy, Mike. Tyler's just trying to psych you out."

"I guess so. What about you guys? How'd you end up here?" he grinned abruptly.

I didn't bother with an answer. He knew perfectly well why we were stuck in detention.
Everyone knew. Fork High's small student population had definitely had field day with
Lauren's little stunt this morning. And as usual, the rumors had spiraled out of control. I'd
given up on trying to clarify anything after someone accused me of holding Paige down
while Lauren burned her face off with scalding-hot coffee.

I simply couldn't win.

The last straggler to walk in was Vincent, AKA Fork High's resident asshole. He was being
escorted by Mr. Brown, who would be supervising our detention.

I grimaced, when Vincent made the executive decision to sit on my free side.

He grinned.

"Detention is starting now," Mr. Brown announced, heaving his overweight body into the
chair behind the teacher's desk at the front of the room. "Put away all personal items, or they
will be confiscated."

I hastily tucked Edward's book back into my backpack.

Behind me, I heard Lauren hiss, "Is he for real?!"

"Do as he says," Angela suggested gently. "He'll take away your phone otherwise."

"Unbelievable. Samantha is supposed to be texting me live updates," she grumbled.

Going by Angela's lack of response, I assumed Lauren had done as told.

"Miss Stanley, that includes you as well," Mr. Brown said.

"B-but I have a test after this. I have to study!"

"That is not my concern."

"Mr. Brown, please. This is my last chance―"

Jessica's voice cut off, eyes wide, watching as Mr. Brown heaved himself to his feet and
lumbered over in her direction. "The book, Miss Stanley," he said, holding out a meaty paw,
"Hand it over."

With tears in her eyes, Jessica obeyed.
I scowled, wondering how I could possibly intervene without making the situation worse.

"Wait for it," Vincent muttered beside me.

I turned to him. "For what?"

"Just watch," he smirked, gesturing towards where Mr. Brown had settled back into his chair.

I shrugged and turned to Jessica. Already, Mike was holding her hand, muttering something
too quiet for me to hear.

Reassured that she was being comforted, I settled back in my seat, watching Mr. Brown with
an irritated scowl.

Behind me, Lauren muttered, "Asshole."

For once, I agreed with her.

It was when Mr. Brown leaned his fleshy red face against a fist, that I realized what Vincent
had meant. Already, his eyelids drooped heavily.

Before long, soft snores echoed throughout the gray classroom.

"Is this guy for real?" Mike said, incredulous.

"This happens every time Mr. Brown supervises detention," Vincent snickered.

Lauren leaned around me to eye Vincent up. "So, if I were to make a call, he wouldn't wake
up?"

"Nope," he winked at her.

"Perfect," she grinned, and reached into her pocket.

"…Mike, what the fuck," I said, watching as he jumped to his feet and began stretching.

"I'm missing the first half of today's tryouts for this," he reminded me, bending his forearm
above and behind his head. "I need to get warmed up now if I have any chance of kicking
Tyler's ass today."

"Jess, I don't think that's the best idea."

Jessica and Angela stood at Mr. Brown's desk now. Unfortunately, the elbow of the arm
supporting his fat head, was resting atop Jessica's textbook.

"We can do this, Angie," Jess insisted. "If not, I'm totally screwed!"

Behind me, Lauren cursed and leaped to her feet, "Shit, hold on, Samantha. The reception in
this building stinks!"

I sighed and dug my book back out.
I had only reached the second page, when a finger began prodding at the front cover. "What
are you reading?"

I glared at Vincent. "Can't you read the title?"

"Well duh," he wrinkled his nose and ran his hand across the light brown of his buzz cut.
"But I don't recognize it from class."

"It's not for class."

"No joke?" he snickered. "You read for fun?"

"Yep."

"Why?" Vincent appeared genuinely flabbergasted.

I paused, when I realized he was expecting an answer. Although he didn't pick on me much,
he never had anything nice to say, let alone have interest in any of my hobbies.

I set my book down again. Guess I'm about to learn this kid a thing about reading for the
pure enjoyment of it. "Because it is fun. It's like watching a movie or a TV show; or reading a
comic book or manga. But instead, it's just words. The words paint a picture, which you get
to imagine however you like."

"No shit?" Vincent gestured towards the book on my desk. "Then what's that one about?"

I glanced towards the delicate, first edition cover of the old book. "I only just started it, but
it's basically about a demon writing letters to his nephew, giving him advice on how to best
damn the human he's been assigned to, to hell."

Vincent's eyebrows shot up. "Fuck. That actually does sound interesting. Could I borrow it?"

I shook my head. "This one probably wouldn't be the best place to start. It's old, kind of like
the books we do read in class."

Vincent smirked. "I'm not a complete dumbass, Isabella. I'm sure I can keep up just fine."

I slapped his hand away, when it dove for the book. "It's not mine to lend out. It's Edward's."

"Oh. Right." Vincent rolled his eyes. "I forgot you were dating Creepy Cullen."

"I think you're the only one who has."

"Sometimes, it's better to pretend none of them exist. Jasper Hale isn't the only one who gives
off straight serial killer vibes."

I laughed. "I expect you'll be attending my funeral, then?"

"I expect so," Vincent muttered.
"Lauren, what the hell?" I scowled, hastily sliding my book out of the way as she hopped
from Vincent's desk, to mine, and then to Jessica's abandoned one.

"This spot is perfect," Lauren announced. "Okay, Samantha, hold the phone close to the TV
and describe exactly what's happening!"

Beside her, Mike started to jog in place.

"Careful, Ange! I almost got it," Jessica hissed, sliding the textbook out from beneath where
Angela was cradling Mr. Brown's massive elbow.

"Hurry! His arm is heavy!"

"Got it!"

Unfortunately, Mr. Brown's elbow thumped a little too harshly against the blacktop desk, and
he awoke with a strangled gasp.

Angela and Jessica hurriedly backed away.

"W-wha…?!" he inhaled sharply as he struggled to rise to his feet. "What is the meaning of
this?! Miss Mallory, come back down from up there!"

"Oh, drop dead, you old geezer," Lauren snapped, and turned back to her cellphone.

"Young lady, I will not repeat myself―" Mr. Brown suddenly gripped the edge of his desk
with one hand and clutched his chest with the other, before his rotund body fell and hit the
tiled floor with a heavy thud.

For a split second, a crushing silence reigned, and then―

Jessica screamed.

"Jess, what the fuck―" As soon as Lauren saw Mr. Brown's eerily still body, she mumbled,
"Samantha, I'm going to have to call you back."

By this point, I'd already dialed 911.

"Nine-one-one, what is your emergency?"

"I think…our teacher is dead."


I leaned heavily against Edward's side where I remained safely tucked under his arm,
watching as the ambulance drove away with Mr. Brown's corpse.

Around us, any student or teacher who had stayed after hours, remained gathered, curiously
gossiping about the now-dead teacher. Jessica was sobbing into Mike's shoulder, and Lauren
was attempting to comfort an inconsolable Angela.
  I sighed.

  "You didn't see this one coming," Edward guessed.

  "Definitely not," I grimaced.

  "No offense, but, I get the impression that you don't need supernatural assistance to get
  yourself into trouble."

  "I was perfectly boring and normal, before I came to Forks."

  "Didn't you claim to have nearly fallen off a cliff?"

  "…That actually happened twice. Now that I think about it, I had a few near-death
  experiences, before actually dying."

  It was Edward's turn to sigh. "You really are hopeless. Also, I expect you will elaborate?"

  I smiled sheepishly up at him as he began to lead me away from the crowds and back to his
  car. "Given what just happened, I guess death is the only appropriate topic for today. Let's
  start with the near-fatal car crash that occurred at the beginning of 2020…"



Chapter End Notes



    Here we have some human!squad nonsense that I hope y'all enjoyed. I really do hope
    that was entertaining for everyone. x)

    And next up, we'll have some wolfy content combined with our human friends down at
    First Beach, so that should be interesting! Who else misses Leah?

    Let me know what y'all thought of the chapter please! :3 Until next time~!
                        Chapter 36: A Good Dose of Vitamin Sea
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   "Isabella! You made it," Mike cheered, waving me over as soon as I'd hopped out of the
   truck.

   "Hey," I said, pausing by the hood of my truck when he hurriedly jogged towards me.
   "Where's the fire?"

   "With Jess and Angela," he hissed as soon as he reached my side. "They're still freaked out
   about what happened yesterday and want to bail."

   "Oh. Right. I'll talk to them," I sighed, immediately understanding his urgency.

   "Thanks," he grinned, and eagerly pushed me towards where the girls sat on the curb, behind
   Mike's parked car. We were early, the first to arrive.

   "Jess, Ange, morning," I greeted them, trying to offer my best cheerful grin.

   I was met with red-rimmed eyes, dim smiles, and quiet greetings.

   "I like your hair," Jess added, eyeing the twin dutch braids framing my face.

   Although Jessica would never know it, braiding my hair had been an accomplishment for me.
   It was hard, to gaze at the stranger in the mirror for longer than a couple of moments.

   But time was making it easier. And even though the idea of completely forgetting what my
   own face looked like was frightening, I was beginning to understand Azmon's point of view.

   Some things, were easier left forgotten.

   "Thank you," I said, knowing there were no other words that could convey my appreciation
   for her compliment―not without jeopardizing the secrets I carried around like an anvil on
   my shoulders.

   I crouched down to sit beside her on the curb and twirled one of the ends of my braids around
   my finger. "How are you guys holding up?"

   "Not great," Angela admitted, curling her fingers into a fist and rubbing her eyes. "I didn't get
   a lot of sleep last night."

   "Me either," Jess agreed. "We killed a man. I'm not sure we can ever come back from that."

   "Okay, I know yesterday was traumatic, particularly for you two, but you do realize you two
   didn't kill the guy?" I deadpanned. "Heart disease killed him."
"I know, but―"

"Angela, there are no 'buts.' None of us, not even Lauren, Mike, or Vincent, are to blame. Dr.
Cullen himself told me that the man was a ticking time bomb. Mr. Brown refused to listen to
the advice given to him by his care provider, and that is the reason why he is lounging down
in the Forks Community Hospital morgue."

"He said that?" Jessica gaped.

I backpedaled. "Not in those exact words, no. He was a little more mindful about his
language. I was just paraphrasing."

"Still, it was all pretty awful," Angela mumbled.

I shrugged. "Mike said you guys wanted to bail. If that's the case, I will too."

"What? No," Jessica gasped. "I really wanted you to go."

It was nice to see that she didn't immediately voice my aversion towards the ocean in front of
Angela. Perhaps, she was learning some tact after all.

"We can go another day," I semi-lied. (There was really no telling how soon my clock would
run out.) "I think it might be nice for you guys to get out for a little bit, but if you're not
feeling up for it, I understand."

"You don't have to do that on our account," Angela mumbled.

I smiled. "It wouldn't be the same without you two."

"What up, bitches," Lauren called, strutting up towards us.

A glance around revealed that nearly everyone had arrived by now―Tyler, Eric, Conner, and
Ben were gathered near Tyler's Sentra, while June, Ashley, and Jennifer were huddled not too
far from us. And a couple of others were now pulling up in a minivan―Lee, Samantha,
Austin, and Katie.

"Damn, why do you two look like shit?" Lauren wrinkled her nose, eyeing up Jess and
Angela. At a glance towards me, she snickered, "Cute braids. Very Amanda Thripp."

I rolled my eyes. "She was my inspiration."

"Lor, how are you so composed?" Jessica demanded, pouting.

For a second, Lauren hesitated, before shrugging her off. "You heard the paramedics. The old
man died of a heart attack. I don't see how that has anything to do with me."

"Damn Lor, that is bleak," Samantha snickered, joining our group. "Especially considering
the rumors. One goes that you all tied Mr. Brown to his chair, and spun him around and
around until he choked on his own puke and died."
Jessica pressed her face against her knees. "I am never ever spreading another rumor, ever
again," she cried.

I gently patted her back. "That is what we call good character development."

She glanced up. "Huh?"

"Never mind."

"I'm definitely not going if people are going to be asking us questions about what happened,"
Angela said, looking a little green.

"What? You guys can't bail!" Lauren scowled. "Look, almost everyone here already blames
me for what happened anyway. If anyone starts bugging you, I'll threaten to kill them too."

Angela grimaced. "Please don't do that."

"I'm the one who convinced Isabella to come, so I'm going," Jess decided with a determined
set of her jaw. She turned to Angela. "You can borrow my car though, if you want to go
home."

"I think that would be for the best," Angela agreed.

The strained look on her face kept the rest of our protests at bay.

"So! You girls ready to get going?" Mike joined us as Jess, Ange, and I climbed to our feet.

"I'm going to head home, actually," Angela said, retrieving Jessica's keys. "But thank you for
inviting me, Mike."

"Uh, yeah, don't sweat it…"

We all hugged Angela goodbye, and I watched her trudge towards Jessica's car until she was
intercepted by Ben. They exchanged a few, quiet words, but in the end, Ben let her go.

I wheezed when Jess abruptly elbowed me in the gut.

I glared at her. "Your elbows are sharp," I reminded her, rubbing the tender spot.

"If we're not allowed to look guilty," she said, "You're not allowed to either."

That's where you're wrong.

"You know," I said mildly, as we joined the line to pile into Mike's Suburban, "In a different
world, we wouldn't have been in detention, and Angela would be coming with us."

Jessica shot me a strange look. "Sorry to break it to you, Isabella, but we live in one world.
And this is it."

Her words were ominous, but rang with the unfortunate reality of what I already knew to be
true.
Because Angela wasn't present, Jess and I weren't forced to share the front passenger seat.
Instead, I sat directly behind Mike, right beside Samantha and Lauren.

I ignored them for the most part as they discussed their latest theories on Lost, knowing I'd be
tempted to tell them not to waste their breath. Nothing they came up with would prepare
them for the utter nonsense that was that show. Not that I could recall much, other than polar
bears, smoke monsters, and time travel.

Instead, I tilted my gaze towards the open window, watching the dense, green forests flying
by, suddenly trying not to regret my decision to come. There was no escaping it now.

Before long, we broke away from the thick canopy of the forest and towards the open
coastline of First Beach.

Almost instantly, the powerful smell of sea salt invaded my nostrils and scraped along the
back of my throat. I had to bite my tongue, before I retched over my lap.

I caught a glimpse of dark gray waters, before screwing my eyes shut. But it didn't keep the
sounds of crashing waves from roaring in my ears; it didn't keep the cold, chilling darkness
from seizing me and swallowing me in its gaping maw; it didn't keep the water from
slamming into my mouth and flooding my lungs.

―dark, cold, wet, Ican'tbreathe―

"―sabella!"

I gasped, gulping air straight into my burning lungs.

Jessica sat beside me, expression twisted with fear. We were alone.

"Isabella, please," she begged me quietly, "Tell me how to help you."

I shook my head and mumbled, "Just…keep talking."

I didn't actually believe it would help me, but I didn't want Jessica panicking alongside me as
I struggled to regain my breath.

But somehow…her slightly hysterical prattling kept me grounded.

"―and my mom is actually considering signing me up for therapy! Like, can you believe
her? Sure, I'll carry the burden of what happened yesterday for the rest of my life, but
therapy? Just because we were all a little spooked doesn't make me a headcase! And don't
even get me started on my dad―"

I breathed shallowly through my mouth, trying to elude the strong briny sea smell swirling
around us.

"…Are you feeling better now?"
I wiped away the tears clinging to my lashes.

"Yeah," I whispered hoarsely, gripping the handle and sliding the door open from my side of
the car. I jumped out, boots hitting the wet pavement with a squelch.

"I'm sorry," Jess said, following me out. "When you said you had bad memories of the ocean,
I didn't realize…"

"You didn't realize, because I didn't say anything to make you suspect otherwise," I shrugged,
eyes straying towards the sky. Right now, it was the safest place to look at. Despite the sun's
appearance, the sky was dim and offered no more warmth than usual. On the horizon, clouds
threatened to encroach upon the weak sunlight.

"Still…you don't have to push yourself," Jess said, sliding the door shut.

I smiled. They were an echo of Edward's words.

"If I don't, who will?" I slung an arm around her shoulders in a brief hug. "Where's the rest of
the Breakfast Club at?"

"Down this way," she said, briefly eyeing me with concern, before leading me away from the
small lot. "No one noticed, by the way. That you were panicking. I told them you got car
sick."

I grinned. "I knew I could count on you, Jessie."

Jessica grinned and we picked our way down to the beach until we reached a circle of
driftwood logs arranged around a blazing bonfire. Although it was like none I'd seen before,
with flickering colors ranging from sea green to blue to lavender.

"There you are," Mike called above the gush of voices and laughter, from the other side of the
fire. "Here, I saved you guys a spot!"

"Thanks, Mike," I said, walking around the fire, careful not to trip over anyone's feet, and
plopping down on the log.

Jess pecked him on the cheek, before dropping down beside me.

Mike sat on Jessica's other side. "Are you coming on the hiking trip with us?"

"You bet!" she grinned and turned to me. "What about you, Isabella?"

"Oh, no thanks, I'm better off down here," I said, recalling the tide pools.

I was barely holding it together with the brisk salty wind chafing the back of my throat and
the sound of collapsing waves thundering against the shore behind me. I didn't doubt that I
would utterly lose it if I found myself slipping and falling into the cold, merciless grip of the
ocean.

"Are you sure?" Mike butted in. "Because―"
"It's okay, Mike," Jess waved him off. "I think Isabella is still feeling a bit nauseous."

"That's exactly it." It wasn't a lie.

"…You didn't throw up in my car, did you?"

I rolled my eyes. "No, Mike. I didn't."

"Oh, thank God. My mom would've killed me," he muttered, before jumping to his feet.
"Alright everyone, we're going to hike up to the tide pools. Who's down?"

Most of the girls besides Jessica and Samantha decided to stay on the beach alongside me,
while Tyler and Eric were the only guys to remain with us.

As soon as the hiking group disappeared, a few of the girls zeroed in on me.

"Isabella, we've yet to hear your version of yesterday's detention," June called from the log to
my right.

"I'm not aiding and abetting any more of your conspiracy theories, June."

"Hey! This isn't even a conspiracy! These are cold, hard facts that I am investigating!"

"Yeah, right," Ashley snorted from beside her. "You're just trying to prove to everyone that
Lauren practices witchcraft."

"Ashley, shut up!"

"Whoa, is that true, Lor?" Tyler wondered, sitting across the crackling fire from me, and
looking to his on-again off-again girlfriend with concern.

Lauren grinned and leaned close to whisper something in his ear.

Tyler snickered.

"So, is it true, Isabella?" Jennifer smiled gleefully.

I sighed. "I will not confirm or deny."

June scowled and pointed a finger at me. "If you continue to hold out on me, you will regret
it."

"You're insane."

"She is," Ashley agreed with me. "But harmless. Seriously, June. Cool it with the conspiracy
theories."

June grumbled something inaudible, but didn't protest further.

"Hey, which CD should we listen to?" Lauren asked as she set up her little portable stereo.
Jennifer made her opinion known on every available choice, and in the end, Lauren quietly
blasted Coldplay. Oddly enough, I appreciated it. The warmth of the fire combined with the
music was a good distraction from the tide of water rushing close behind me. If I closed my
eyes and focused on the music, it was almost bearable.

"Isabella!"

I startled, nearly toppling off the log when someone shouted my name across the stretch of
shore.

"Friends of yours?" Lauren snorted.

"Yeah," I grinned, hopping to my feet and waving Leah and the guys over.

Quil was the first to reach me, sweeping me up into a bear hug.

"Quil, knock it off! You're crushing me!" I wheezed.

"Sorry!" He laughed, not sounding sorry at all.

I landed back on my feet with a small stumble, but Jacob grasped my elbow before I could
dive headfirst into the fire.

"Careful there," he snickered.

I huffed and shook off his grip.

"That's my bad," Leah said. "I forgot to leash them before we left the house."

"Enough with the dog jokes, Leah," Jacob scowled at her. "They're getting old."

"Hi, Isabella," Embry piped up from behind them, appearing a little exasperated.

"Hey, Embry," I waved back and eyed the group with a curious smile.

Despite Jacob's annoyance, Leah already appeared at home with their group, using Embry as
an armrest, and lightly kicking Quil aside before he could once again invade my personal
space.

I couldn't imagine how that'd come about, but she seemed to fit right in.

"Isabella, won't you introduce us?" Lauren cut in, scanning the boys in particular.

"Um, sure," I said and shoved a thumb over my shoulder. "This is Leah, Quil, Jacob, and
Embry." I then gestured towards my classmates. "That's June, Ashley, and Jennifer. Eric and
Katie. And Tyler and Lauren."

Eric and Katie appeared pleasantly surprised to know that I knew who they were.

Leah waved and said, "Yeah, yeah. Hate to cut this nice, little integration, but we're actually
here to kidnap Isabella."
  "Wha―" I cut myself off with a shout of surprise when Quil suddenly hooked his arms under
  my own, and Jacob reached for my calves. In one fell swoop, the ground disappeared from
  under my feet.

  "Put me down!" I demanded, as they ran and jostled me between their grips. For one long,
  terrifying second, I was afraid they were going to toss me against the face of the ocean.

  Instead, we reached higher ground, where they slowed and gently set me down between the
  white roots of a driftwood tree. Jacob and Quil plopped down on either side of me, howling
  with laughter as they settled on the tree's jutting roots.

  "That was so uncalled for," I scowled.

  Jacob and Quil were still laughing, and they only paused long enough to high-five above me.

  "Idiots," Leah rolled her eyes, as she and Embry caught up to us.

  "You can say that again," I grumbled, pressing a hand against my heart, as though that would
  help calm its painful slams against my rib cage. The fear of suddenly being dumped into the
  cold, dark waters refused to leave me.

  Embry dropped down beside Jacob, and Leah sat on the ground across from me, effectively
  closing the circle.

  "So," I said, sitting up and glaring up at Jacob and Quil until they shut up. "What are your
  terms for releasing me?"

  "Easy," Jacob cut in, laughter gone from his eyes. "You and Leah tell us the truth."



Chapter End Notes



    And here is the moment of truth! Tell me how you liked the chapter! :)
                           Chapter 37: Our Furry Little Problem
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I leaned back against the trunk of the driftwood tree, eyeing Jacob's pensive features with a
   look of exasperation. "Telling you the truth was always part of the plan," I said. "You don't
   need to hold me hostage for that."

   "We thought it'd be more fun this way," Quil grinned.

   Leah rolled her eyes. "Now that you idiots have had your fun, are you ready to listen or not?"

   "This ought to be good," Embry muttered, and was unable to dodge the punch Leah shot his
   way. "Ouch!"

   Quil snickered.

   "We're listening," Jacob insisted, shoulders dropping from their tense line.

   I met Leah's eyes and arched an eyebrow in question.

   "You do it," she said. "You explain it better."

   I huffed. "It's pretty straightforward."

   "Then go on."

   "Fine," I agreed, and eyed the boys' curious faces surrounding me. "You all know Sam
   Uley?"

   Almost immediately, their expressions twisted with varying levels of distaste. "Yeah, he's all
   buddy-buddy with mine and Leah's dads, and Quil's grandpa," Jacob said, lips twisting into a
   frown. "He's kind of a freak."

   "Kind of?" Quil scoffed. "Try more like, total freak. Not to mention all the drama he caused
   last year! Remember when he went missing last fall? And then he comes back and suddenly
   dumps Leah for her cousin―"

   Quil screeched to a stop and eyed Leah's glower with trepidation. "S-sorry Leah, I
   forgot―ouch!"

   "Not so funny now, is it?" Embry grumbled, still rubbing his sore shoulder.

   "Alright, knock it off," I said with a glare. "The reason you all think Sam Uley is a freak, is
   because he's not exactly human anymore."
"What the hell?" Jacob scoffed. "We may not like the guy, but you expect us to believe he's
some kind of monster?"

"Ooh, I know this one!" Quil shot his hand up, like he was in class. "I heard from some of the
freshmen that they swore they saw a beast roaming the woods. I thought they were full of
shit, but then grandpa started giving me all these spooky warnings. I thought he was trying to
scare the shit out of me, but then―"

"He was," Embry snorted. "Don't be a dumbass, Quil! Bigfoot isn't real!"

"Is so!" Quil scowled. "You saw it too!"

"I didn't see shit."

"Then why did you run?!"

"What?! Where was I when this happened?!" Jacob demanded.

"Would you boneheads shut up?" Leah glared at them. "No, Bigfoot isn't real. And yes, Uley
is a monster now. Just not that kind of monster."

Jacob swiveled his eyes to her, mouth curling into a sneer. "Ooh, I'm sorry Buffy, I should've
thought to bring my monster encyclopedia!"

I rolled my eyes, shifting my legs beneath me before they could fall asleep. "Look. You guys
are the ones who ambushed me. If you don't actually want to know, I can leave."

"Wait, no! I want to know!" Quil pouted.

When Embry and Jacob said nothing to contradict him, I sighed and relented. "Sam is a wolf
shifter―like from your legends."

"He's a what?!"

"That's fucking sick!"

"…I don't believe it…"

Leah and I exchanged a look of exasperation.

"Was I this bad?" she wondered.

I snorted. "No. You were worse―ouch!" I rubbed my bicep, where she'd slugged me,
shooting her a disgruntled scowl.

Once the boys were able to get past their shock, they began bombarding us with questions.

"It's your turn," I said to Leah.

She grumbled, but began the arduous process of explaining everything we knew about Sam
and his pack―the symptoms leading up to the wolf shift, their heightened senses, their
telepathic abilities, etc.

Fortunately, they were so enthralled with the idea of becoming real life werewolves, that they
didn't focus too much on how I played a part in this.

It was the grumbling of our stomachs that finally brought their little Q&A to a halt.

"Let's get some grub," Jacob suggested, and we all pushed ourselves to our feet, dusting off
sand and stretching our stiff limbs.

"I'm starving," Quil sighed in agreement, and then wondered, "Isn't that a symptom? Am I
going to sprout fur?!"

Leah smacked him upside the head. "Don't be an idiot, Quil."

Jacob snickered. "No man, you're just a pig. Maybe you'll sprout a curly tail," he said as we
began trekking through the pebbled sand.

"Hey!" Quil protested and Leah laughed.

I tuned out their bickering, when I noticed Embry's subdued presence at my side.

I frowned. "You okay there, Embry?"

He startled slightly. "Huh? Oh, yeah. Totally."

"Feeling a little left out?" I asked gently.

He flushed, appearing embarrassed. "No! Well…maybe a little," he confessed quietly, as the
three walked ahead of us.

I smiled sympathetically. "Your mom or dad would have to be of the Uley, Black, or Ateara
line in order for you to inherit those abilities."

"Leah said as much," Embry agreed, appearing a little bummed at the reminder.

"So," I continued, "If you did happen to become a werewolf, you know what that would
mean, right?"

Embry's face twisted into a strange expression. "Well, my mom isn't. So, my dad, whoever he
was, would have to be…" He abruptly trailed off and looked ahead towards where Leah and
Jacob were still ragging on Quil. "That would mean…"

"Yeah," I agreed, when he was unable to put the dreaded epiphany into words.

He blew out a sudden sigh. "That would be fucked up."

I nodded, but kept my silence. There had been enough bombs dropped for one afternoon.
Leah and I would tell him soon, but not today.
I was so lost in thought, I didn't notice when Leah stumbled to an unexpected halt. Luckily,
Embry steadied me before I could fall on my ass.

"What the hell, Leah?" Jacob demanded when she cut off whatever insult she'd been about to
spew, her expression suddenly twisting with dismay.

It didn't take long for us to catch on.

Up ahead, amongst the gaggle of my classmates and the rez kids, a couple of older teens
towered above everyone, sticking out like sore thumbs with their bulging muscles and
cropped hair.

Quil and Embry shifted uncomfortably, while I tried to come up with a solution that wouldn't
make Leah feel so vulnerable.

"Leah―"

I cut off when Jacob abruptly slugged Leah across the arm.

Leah stumbled back from the force, and then swiveled blazing eyes in Jacob's direction.
"What the fuck?!" she shouted.

"What'cha gonna do about it?" Jacob taunted her with a smirk.

Leah snarled, "I'm gonna kick your ass!"

With a shout of laughter and a spray of sand, Jacob spun around and raced across the beach,
right past the group of teens, amongst which included Sam's stunned expression as Leah
raced past him.

"You're gonna pay for that!" she shouted, before they disappeared.

When I noticed Quil and Embry remained at my side, I nudged them forward, "Go on. I
doubt Leah will want to come back, taking present company into account."

"Aww, what about food?" Quil complained.

"You can eat somewhere else."

Embry shot me a look of disappointment. "You're not coming?"

I shook my head. "No. I think we're leaving soon anyway. But I'm sure you guys have more
questions for Leah."

"Promise to visit soon?" Quil insisted.

"I promise," I grinned.

Quil enveloped me into a brief hug and Embry waved, before the two raced across the sand,
their long hair fluttering like streaks of black ribbons.
I turned and hiked up to the bonfire, where I could see Jess huddled with some of the others
along the driftwood logs. But before I could make it too far, someone blocked my path.

I staggered to a halt before I could crash into the mammoth of a man.

"You're friends with Leah," Sam stated in a deep baritone.

I frowned. "I don't see how that's any of your business."

Instead of taking a hint, he stuck his hand out. "I'm Sam Uley."

I eyed his hand and then glanced back up, my expression pointedly flat. "I know who you
are," I said. "And I'm not interested in talking to you."

Sam frowned and lowered his hand back to his side. "I just want to know if she's okay."

I couldn't quite contain a laugh of disbelief. "Who? Leah? You're unbelievable."

"Excuse me?"

My laughter twisted into a heated glare. "After all the shit you pulled, you have zero rights to
be concerned, Sam Uley. You lied to her. You cut her off. You're shacking up with her cousin.
And you still think you reserve the right to be concerned for her, when all you've ever done is
cause her pain? Don't you think you've humiliated her enough?!"

My tongue lashing appeared to have attracted some attention. Ignoring the stares, I
sidestepped Sam, but before I could walk away, his hot, heavy hand landed on my shoulder.

"I didn't have a choice," he whispered, eyes pleading.

My features softened into one of pity. "That's the tragedy, Sam. You did have a choice. Plenty
of choices, in fact. And you chose wrong every single time."

"What was I supposed to do?!" he insisted.

I frowned. "You could have been honest."

Sam's expression instantly closed off and he dropped his hand. "No. I couldn't have been."

I shrugged and turned away. "I know a thing or two about lying," I whispered. "And I only
have myself to blame."

I hurried away, ducking around the milling teens, until I reached Jessica's side. I squatted
down, squeezing beside her on the edge of the log.

"Hey, you okay? What was that about?" she asked.

But Jessica was the only one who was genuinely concerned. Everyone else within earshot
appeared hungry for a new bit of gossip. I was suddenly exhausted.

I leaned my head against her shoulder. "I'll tell you later," I mumbled.
By now, she understood my need for privacy, and didn't needle me. "Alright," she agreed
instead. "Do you want a sandwich?"

I perked up. "Yes, please."

I accepted her offering, content to ignore my rowdy classmates for the time being. Even with
the salty air clogging up my lungs, it wasn't so bad.


The following morning, I was up bright and early, rumbling along in Bella's monstrously loud
truck. With the sun out in full view, dim as it was, the risk of the Cullens venturing into town
was too great, so it was one of the rare times I drove out to their place instead.

As soon as I parked the car, Edward ventured outside, waiting within the shade of the porch.

I pushed the driver door open and called out with a grin, "Hey!" Jumping down, I slammed
the door shut, bounding across the lawn and hurrying up the porch steps.

"Good morning," he smiled, tugging me into his cool embrace before pulling back and briefly
looking me over. "How was the beach?"

"It was a doozy," I laughed as we strolled towards the front door. "With a heaping side of
drama and plenty of nonsense to go around."

Edward shot me a look of exasperation. "That's not what I meant," he said pointedly, pausing
before we made our way inside.

"Oh," I smiled sheepishly, when I realized he was more concerned with my mental health.
"I'm fine. It was a little rough at first, but Jess talked me through it."

His features softened with relief. "Good," he murmured, gently squeezing my hand. "Alice is
ready to steal you away, but you can tell me all about it later tonight."

I arched an eyebrow. "It's still morning. Why does she need me now?"

It was then that the front door was jerked wide open, Alice's petite figure standing on the
other side. "You're not the only one I need to get ready! There is plenty of work to be done!
Edward, quit stalling and go help Jasper out."

"Yes, ma'am," Edward said with mock seriousness, before shooting me a wink and
disappearing from sight.

I turned to Alice. "Lead the way."

Alice beamed and skipped ahead. "You and the girls are getting ready in my bathroom," she
explained as we trekked up the staircase. "After that, I'm kicking you all out so I can get Kate
ready. I don't want anyone to see her until it's time!"

I grinned. "I can't wait!"
Once we reached the second landing, I followed Alice into the small bedroom she shared
with Jasper. Unlike her studio, the colors were more subdued, but the decor was tasteful all
the same. To the right, we ducked inside her massive bathroom, where the marble counters
overflowed with colorful arrays of makeup pallets, jewelry, and hair products.

Sitting on a long ottoman were Tanya and Irina, a pile of flowers and ribbons arranged
between the two.

"Morning," I greeted them absentmindedly, my eyes trying and failing to absorb the amount
of color in the room.

"Isabella! Come, take a look," Irina called, gesturing to the flower crown she was braiding on
her lap. "These are the wreaths we will wear!"

I plodded across the tiled floor until I was kneeling at their side, observing the interlaced
stems of bright red flowers dotted with smaller yellow ones and interspersed with holly.

"Wow, these are perfect!"

"Pay close attention," Tanya suggested. "So you will know how to make yours."

I pouted. "Can't one of you make it for me? I'd rather not mess it up."

"That is no fun," Irina tutted. "You should learn!"

"It is a simple pattern," Tanya added, tilting her half-finished wreath in my direction and
slowly demonstrating the pattern as she added more flowers.

"I guess so," I agreed reluctantly, despairing at the thought of wearing a lopsided crown.

Irina laughed. "Do not worry so much, Isabella. We will help."

I nodded. "Where do I start?"

"Not so fast," Alice called from where she stood near the counter, a row of hair tools plugged
in and neatly arranged by the sink. "I'm going to do your hair and makeup first, and then you
can get started."

Offering the sisters a helpless shrug, I jumped back to my feet and made my way over to sit
in the chair facing the mirror.

As Alice began to rake my hair with her fingers, I took a quick glance back towards Tanya
and Irina's already styled hair, which mine would soon resemble.

In anticipation of donning the flower crowns, their hair at the top was smoothly brushed
back, with only a couple of curled strands artfully arranged to frame their faces. The rest of
their hair was gathered at the nape of their necks, elegantly styled in twists of braids and
cascading curls.
  I could only assume Irina's updo must've involved plenty of extensions, seeing as it gave no
  hint to her normally chin-length hair.

  With Alice's gentle prodding, I twisted back until I was facing forward once more. With
  nothing else to occupy my attention, I eyed the array of makeup products on the counter,
  relaxing back into my chair as Alice's cool fingers brushed against my scalp, parting my hair
  to her liking.

  "Those aren't for you," Alice suddenly piped up, when I picked up one of the more brightly
  colored eyeshadow pallets.

  I quirked an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

  In the mirror, I saw the reflection of Alice's impish grin. "Rosalie and I created a lot of these
  products specifically to adhere to our stone-like skin. Human products are meant to blend
  into porous skin, which we don't have. It took us a while to get the chemistry down and you
  need to be careful. It's toxic for humans."

  I gingerly set the pallet back down. "Will do."

  "Don't worry, I have some stuff set aside specifically for you," she winked.

  "Thanks," I laughed. "That's very considerate of you."

  "No, thank you! Rosalie isn't so nearly as generous. It's not often our styles clash, but―"
  Alice suddenly cut herself off and straightened up with a gleeful grin. "They're here!"

  My eyebrows shot up at the non sequitur. "Who?"

  Alice met my gaze through the mirror, her eyes glittering with delight. "Jasper's family! Peter
  and Charlotte."



Chapter End Notes



    Hey, guys. Sorry for the late update. I got sick with COVID for the first time, which
    lasted about a month and a half. Literally, I've never been sick for so long in my life, so
    that was tough :(

    As always, comments are appreciated! :)

    ALSO thank you so much for over 4K kudos!!! You guys are amazing and I appreciate
    y’all sooo much!!! <3
                       Chapter 38: The Corpse Bride and Groom
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I didn't get to immediately meet Jasper's family. Like Alice had said, there was plenty to be
   done.

   So, it was several hours later, when the cloud cover had returned, and everyone was dressed
   to the nines, that I finally caught a glimpse of them, out in the back of the house.

   I was dressed in my little Slovak bridesmaid dress, bright red flowers crowning my head,
   with curls and ribbons framing my made-up face. In comparison, Edward appeared
   considerably more modern, standing at my side in his simple gray tux. Somehow, he was
   even more beautiful. The sharp lines of his suit cut a clean, imposing figure, and his hair was
   neatly styled for once, gleaming like copper-spun wire.

   I reached up and readjusted his already perfect necktie, looking for an excuse to touch him. I
   caught his eye and beamed. "You look so handsome."

   "So you've said," he chuckled, though I could detect the small strain in his voice.

   Out here, with everyone gathered, it was not difficult to make eye contact with a pair of red
   eyes. I imagined that the single human in their vicinity had drawn much of their attention.
   Especially when said human was strictly off the menu.

   "They're interested in meeting you," Edward murmured, though it wasn't like everyone in our
   midst couldn't hear him. Even Kate and Alice, the only ones who remained within the house,
   would be able to listen in.

   I shot him my best, reassuring smile. "Okay."

   Although Edward kept his expression neutral, I knew from the look in his eyes that he was
   not happy about this. Garrett's presence had already had him on edge. The addition of two
   more red-eyes had Edward practically overwrought with nerves, though he refused to show
   it.

   From the corner of my eye, I caught Jasper gesturing towards the new pair to follow him. I
   turned and got my first good look at them.

   Peter could have easily passed off as Jasper's brother. He was the same towering height as
   him, and though his hair was a little shorter and a little paler, the difference was negligible.

   Charlotte had the same, pale blonde hair. She wasn't quite as tiny as Alice, but was still very
   small and petite. Her hair was styled in a cascade of blonde curls pinned to one side, and she
   wore a simple, black gown, with thin straps and a sweetheart neckline.
As soon as they stood across from us, Jasper broke the silence, his stance and expression
notably more relaxed than Edward's rigid presence at my side. "Isabella, this is my family,"
he said, motioning towards them. "This is my brother, Peter, and his mate, Charlotte."

"Hello," I greeted them, unsure of what to make of them. Unlike Garrett, whose easy going
attitude had quickly endeared him to me, this pair didn't seem quite as agreeable. Ultimately,
the curiosity in their gazes made me feel more like a zoo animal than a person. Regardless of
this, I said, "It's nice to meet you."

Fortunately for Edward's frayed nerves, neither of them bothered reaching out to shake my
hand. Instead, Peter nodded, with the perplexed expression of someone who still didn't fully
understand why I was here. "Likewise. We've been hearing much about you from Jasper's
kin. I reckon you must be quite something, to be getting involved in all this gory business."
Like Jasper, his voice carried the same southern twang.

My polite smile turned wry. "I tried my best not to be, but the higher powers wouldn't hear of
it."

He chuckled. "Is that so?"

"Is this higher power you're referring to named Alice?" Charlotte wondered, the cautious
expression on her face relaxing the tiniest bit.

Whether she was cautious because she intended to remain in control of herself, or because
she found my presence lamentable was anyone's guess. (Other than Edward's, I supposed.)

"Partially," I answered with a vague smile. "Although if her meddling is this widely
anticipated, I'm sure posing as a deity wouldn't be too off brand for her."

"Don't give her any ideas," Jasper cut in with a roll of his eyes.

I laughed. "I doubt it matters much. Alice does what she likes."

"I'm afraid I have to agree with her on this one, Jazz," Peter grinned.

To my relief, Peter and Charlotte were both beginning to soften their demeanor.

"So what? Alice has always had our best interest at heart. I say, let her interfere as much as
she pleases," Charlotte was quick to come to her defense.

I snorted. Alice hardly has any boundaries as it is. I would hardly like to cut down on the few
she has, if I can help it.

Charlotte eyed me, curious once more. "What about you, Isabella? I hear you're special as
well."

I shook my head. "Don't listen to any of it. It's all slander."

Jasper scoffed with disbelief. "Might I remind you, darlin', that we're all here, dressed up like
this, on account of your fortune telling."
Edward, who up until now, had remained a silent and guarded observer, burst into quiet
laughter. "It's true. And you are being rather obtuse, if you think anyone in my family would
say a slanderous word about you by this point."

My smile turned sheepish. "I know, I was just kidding. Esme would never."

What I didn't say out loud was that his words were genuinely relieving to hear. It wasn't that
long ago that Rosalie had hated my guts or that Jasper had been planning my murder. Even if
they tolerated me at best, it was still a much desired improvement.

"Do you have a fortune for us?" Charlotte wondered.

I fiddled with one of the red ribbons framing my face. "Ah no, I'm afraid not."

"That's probably for the best," Peter waved me off. "While I'm happy it's worked out for
Garrett, I'm not so sure I'm interested in chasing after a pipe dream myself."

I shrugged. "That's alright. It's not for everyone. Garrett happened to want an adventure, and
it seems I sent him on his biggest one yet."

"I'll say," Peter agreed, glancing over his shoulder towards the groom, who appeared to be
receiving advice from Emmett of all people. "It was mighty nice of you though."

"I guess. It would've happened eventually. With or without me," I pointed out. Sometimes, it
felt as though the Cullens gave me too much credit. Which was a difficult thing to swallow,
when I remembered I was still lying to them.

"Sure. But it's happening now," Charlotte countered, crimson eyes lit up with amusement.

Before I could deliver the retort on the tip of my tongue, Alice exited the back door and
stepped out onto the back porch, garnering everyone's attention. She was outfitted in a
shimmering, pale gold gown, and appeared to be wearing higher heels than usual. For once,
her spiky hair was smoothed down and glossy with product. She was stunning.

Alice stepped forward onto the highest porch step, and announced, "The bride is ready to be
bartered."

My eyes practically bulged. "Bartered?" I hissed, shooting a questioning glance in Edward's
direction.

He grinned. "It's a tradition called odpytovanie, where the groom is supposed to ask the
bride's family for her hand in marriage once more. It's based on a remnant of Slavik
traditions, when there was no wedding, and a man would kidnap the woman he wanted."

I wrinkled my nose. "How barbaric."

"It's the one tradition Tanya truly insisted on. I think she just wants to make Garrett sweat it
out a little longer," Edward snickered.
Tanya sauntered up to take Alice's place on the porch and shot me a wink, before facing
Garrett, who stood confidently below her, still on the lawn.

Alongside Kate and us bridesmaids, Garrett had also chosen traditional attire to appease
Tanya's vision, consisting of black boots, a loose, white tunic and matching white trousers. It
was overlapped with a bulky, leather belt, a colorful red, brown and yellow patterned vest,
and a black, waist-length cloak lined in red. And adorned atop his waves of sandy hair, was a
short-brimmed black hat arrayed with the same flowers Kate was meant to wear in her flower
wreath.

I thought Garrett made a striking figure in the rich and colorful apparel.

Although one would hardly think so, seeing the way Tanya was eyeing him with a gleam of
disdain.

"Tanya," he said solemnly, adjusting the brim of his hat. "As Kate's beloved older sister, I ask
your permission to take her hand in marriage."

"And what is it that you, Garrett, have to offer her?" she countered, equally solemn.

He straightened under her gaze and answered with conviction, "I may not be able to offer
Kate any material possessions, but what I can give her is my love, my devotion, my
friendship, and my eternity."

Tanya eyed him for a second longer. "Is that all?"

Garrett dipped his head. "It's all I have."

A long moment occurred, in which Tanya swept her eyes over Garrett, as though weighing
the validity of his words. It wasn't until she finally broke her silence, that I felt the tension
lift.

"Very well," she acquiesced, and turned back, stepping towards the door and pulling it open
to call Kate into view.

I leaned forward, eyes bright with anticipation, until I realized that no―that wasn't even
Kate.

It was Carmen.

My eyes shot towards where Carmen had stood beside Eleazar not too long ago, only to find
that he now stood on his own.

"Here is your bride, as agreed," Tanya said, gesturing for Carmen to join Garrett.

For a second, Garrett appeared genuinely bewildered, before he caught onto Tanya's game.

"That is not Kate," he deadpanned.
"Oh? It is not? Are you sure?" Tanya played dumb, tapping a finger to her lips, expression
turning thoughtful as she gave Carmen a once-over. "You are not Kate?"

Carmen laughed, sweeping back her long, ebony curls. "No, I do not believe I am."

"Ah, well…my mistake," Tanya shrugged, and waved her forward.

With a giggle, Carmen strutted down the steps and crossed the lawn to join Eleazar once
more.

Garrett heaved a loud, dramatic sigh. "I thought we'd come to an understanding, Tanya.
Please, allow me to see my bride now."

"Yes, yes. Of course," Tanya said blithely, before flouncing back towards the door and
beckoning someone else forward.

As soon as I caught sight of the mammoth figure following Tanya out onto the porch, my
hand flew up to my mouth in a sad attempt to muffle a chortle.

Wearing an easy grin, Emmett sashayed after Tanya.

"Here is your bride," Tanya announced, with a perfectly bland expression.

Garrett rolled his eyes, and this time, he couldn't quite keep the laughter from his voice as he
said, "That is most certainly not my bride."

"Oh no. I am positive it is," Tanya disagreed.

"But babe, I thought we had something special," Emmett protested, pouting. An expression
which quite frankly, looked ridiculous on him.

Garrett heaved another heavy sigh. "I'm sorry, Emmett, but I can't possibly return your
feelings. It's Kate who I love. I refuse to accept you as my bride."

"Way to break up with a dude," Emmett scoffed, stomping down the steps with a false air of
indignation. Once he reached Rosalie's side, he said to her, "You still love me, right Rose?"

Rosalie rolled her eyes.

"That's not a no."

"Tanya, my bride?" Garrett demanded, turning back to face her, crossing his arms and
wearing a mock-serious frown.

Tanya huffed and stepped aside. "Very well, Garrett. If you want your bride so badly, perhaps
you should go and find her yourself."

"Perhaps I should," he grinned, and vanished in a blur.
It wasn't even a second later that they burst through the door. As soon as they did, we erupted
into cheers, claps, and wolf-whistles.

Kate was devastatingly beautiful. The dress Alice had designed for her was even more
impressive in real life. And her flower wreath was the most elaborate one I'd seen. Soft, white
gauze wrapped around her head, covered in white roses, small pink buds, and baby's breath.
And below her intricate updo, flowed trails of thick white ribbons.

Even better than her dress and flowers though, was the radiant grin she wore.

Once Tanya was able to get us to settle down, she turned to Garrett and Kate. "Garrett, I truly
believe you meant everything you said. It is my honor to give you and Kate my blessing to be
wed."

If possible, Kate's grin turned brighter.

Carlisle, who I understood was both the officiant and Garrett's best man, joined the couple on
the porch, standing on Kate's other side. "On behalf of Garrett, I thank you Tanya. He's a very
dear friend of mine, just as you and your sisters are. I promise you, Kate could not have
found a better man."

Tanya's expression noticeably softened. "Thank you, Carlisle."

I blinked a couple of times, when I noticed my lashes growing wet.

"Are you crying?" Edward asked quietly, eyebrows arching.

"No…well, not yet," I smiled, abashed. "It's all very sweet, isn't it?"

Edward gazed at me with soft eyes. "Yes, it is."


It was about another hour later, after the photo shoot had been completed to Alice's
satisfaction, that we began a small procession through the forest, until we reached a small,
round clearing that had been set up for the ceremony.

The wooden arch Kate and Garrett stood below was the main centerpiece, draped in layers of
white fabric, along with a million cascading flowers in colors of red, white, and gold.

As a bridesmaid, I got to sit in the front row, in between Tanya and Irina.

The chairs were made of red cedar wood, and designed by the Emmett, with intricately styled
vines and flowers to make up the backrest and legs. Across the tree branches around us,
layers of gauzy white fabric hung, adorned with waterfalls of flower arrangements, petals
scattered across the thick moss of the forest ground.

It was magical.

And the ceremony was equally beautiful. Using the advice I'd given her, Kate's vows were
unique to her love for Garrett, and her promises to him. My eyes involuntarily teared up once
more.

It was as Carlisle was officiating their vows, that I caught Edward's gaze across the aisle.

He sat on the opposite front row, beside Carmen and Eleazar.

There was something earnest in his eyes, which made it practically impossible to pull my
own eyes away from his. I tilted my head and smiled, wondering about the ocean of thoughts
in his gaze.

But then―

Light. Beams of light shattered against Edward, as though he were being lit on fire.

But the fire wasn't fire. It was fractures of crystal light; a kaleidoscope of jewels on his skin.

Around me, everyone was cheering. It took me another second to realize that my jaw had
slackened. I closed my mouth with a click of my teeth and returned my gaze to Kate and
Garrett.

They were kissing.

It was difficult to suppress a grin. It was so like Alice to time the return of the sun alongside
Kate and Garrett's kiss.

I stood along with everyone, and made my way over to stand beside Edward, as we waited in
line to personally congratulate the newly wedded couple.

Edward was tense at my side.

Gently, I hooked my pinky with his.

"What's the matter?" I whispered, unable to look directly at him, with the sunlight still
striking his face.

"You're not…repulsed?"

I made the effort to meet his luminous eyes, which were crinkled with concern. "No, of
course not."

"Oh."

In front of me, Emmett shot me a look over his shoulder. "Say it ain't so. You mean you're not
frightened by my dazzling appearance?"

I rolled my eyes. "Emmett, you look like a walking disco ball."

"Touché," he grumbled, and turned to follow Rosalie.

Edward snickered. "Disco ball? I don't know why I expected anything less from you."
"Hey, I had already warned you before that I wanted to see you glitter," I huffed.

Edward shot me a (literally) dazzling smile. "Yes, I recall."

I gently bumped my shoulder against his arm. "Then don't take it so hard."

"Yes, love."

Not long after, we reached the arch and I was being drawn into Kate's gentle embrace. For
Edward's peace of mind, Garrett kept his distance, and exchanged words with him first.

"Isabella, thank you," Kate murmured against my flower crown.

"I'm just happy to be here," I laughed. "So thanks for having me."

She pulled back with a big smile, light bouncing off her pearly white teeth. "It was the least I
could offer."

Garrett turned from Edward, his brilliant red eyes landing on me. "You're a strange little
human, Isabella. And it's been entertaining seeing you stir up the dust around here. Thanks
for drawing me into the mix."

A grin split my face. "It's my pleasure, Garrett. And congratulations―to both of you," I said,
sweeping my gaze between the two, radiant vampires. It was almost painful to stare at them
for too long.

"We're very happy for you," Edward added. "Welcome to the family, Garrett."

Garrett barked out a laugh. "Didn't think you'd be saying that when we first met, did you,
Ed?"

Edward wrinkled his nose with distaste, fragments of luminous beams ricocheting. "Don't
push it."

I began to pull Edward away. "He doesn't mean it, Garrett," I called over my shoulder, just
before we were replaced by Alice and Jasper.

"I did," Edward refuted me.

"Yes, well, it's their day," I reminded him, as we began our trek back to his house. "You can
let it go for now."

Edward heaved a long suffering sigh.

"Hey, don't be a grump. I doubt 'Ed' is the worst nickname you've ever been given."

"No, you're right," he said, his tone suddenly agreeable. "If I recall, it wasn't so long ago that
someone called me…what was it? Ed-weirdo? Did I remember that correctly?"

My face flushed red. "Oops."
  "As expected. You don't sound particularly repentant."

  I pressed my lips together in a poor attempt to keep my laughter at bay. "It was funny."

  "So you've said. But, I suppose as long as it amuses you, it's alright," he agreed sarcastically.

  "I'm sorry!"

  Unfortunately, the apology, paired with my laughter, sounded very insincere.

  Edward shot me a look, and I met his luminous face with a sheepish smile and squinty eyes.

  It was then that my stomach took the inopportune moment to utter a demanding growl.

  Edward chuckled. "Come on, it's time for an early dinner."

  I pouted. "But the reception―"

  "Is currently being set up by the river," Edward reminded me. "You can spare fifteen
  minutes."

  "Oh very well," I relented and patted my stomach. "What's for dinner?"



Chapter End Notes



    I currently am, and have been, sleep-deprived. So if you see any weird mistakes, that's
    probably why.

    The reception will be next. The whole thing was meant to be one chapter, but there's no
    way I was going to fit everything I wanted to in just the one. Hopefully my
    characterizations of Peter and Charlotte were alright. They don't have much of a
    presence in canon, and I've never read any fics with them, so I did my own take on
    them.

    Also, one of my awesome readers SladkayApelsinka is currently taking the time to
    translate this story into Russian. It's called Pond and Skeleton. Follow the link to read! :)

    Let me know your thoughts please! :)
                             Chapter 39: Fangs for the Memories
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   In the distance, across the wide expanse of lush grass, stood a tall and elegant white tent
   pitched near the bank of the river. Edward and I leisurely made our approach, and as we grew
   nearer, the faint sound of rushing water swelled into a thunderous roar.

   I stumbled, but was caught, Edward's grip on my arm firm but gentle.

   "Are you alright?" he checked, once I was upright on my feet, appearing slightly bewildered
   by my lack of grace.

   I inhaled a sharp breath and was briefly reassured by the absence of salt in the air. "Uh, yeah.
   You know, clumsy old me."

   It was a little difficult to gauge Edward's expression with rays of light shattering across his
   face, but I got the sense he was eyeing me with skepticism. "In all the time since I've met
   you, I have never once known you to be clumsy."

   "There's a first time for everything," I deflected, and continued our stroll, but came to a
   sudden halt when Edward refused to budge from his position, my hand still trapped in his.

   "No," he disagreed. "What's wrong?"

   I exhaled a gusty sigh and twisted back around. If I knew him, I knew he would refuse to let
   this go. "Just…the sound of the river. It caught me off guard."

   "I see," he realized quietly, voice pained. "I'm sorry, Isabella. I should have realized. But we
   can―"

   "No," I cut him short. "It's okay, Edward. It'll be good for me."

   Below the glimmering jewels of light, his expression remained pensive. "You truly believe
   that?"

   I nodded. "Yes. I guess I haven't told you about it, but going to First Beach yesterday wasn't
   so bad. While it wasn't easy, I think it'll really help me in the long run. You know that." We'd
   already had this conversation, but I wasn't too surprised Edward remained unconvinced. If it
   were up to him, I'd likely never go near the water again.

   For a moment, he didn't reply. But then, "If this is what you want."

   "I do." I attempted to squeeze his stone hand. "Besides, I know you won't let anything
   happen."

   "I won't," he agreed decisively, and at my tug, fell back into step beside me.
Closer now, I swept my gaze across the small, round tables set up near the edges of the tent,
draped in white table cloths and crowned with centerpieces of cascading flowers in red and
gold. The red cedar chairs from the ceremony had been relocated to accompany the tables,
where some of the others already lounged, their chatter barely resounding above the roaring
river like tinkling bells.

The wide space of verdant grass below the center of the canopy remained open, and in one
corner, a larger, similarly outfitted table was adorned with an arrangement of small gifts.
Beside it, Kate and Garrett were perched on the long bench Emmett had built and carved for
them.

"Isabella! Finally," Alice called, turning around and peeking over the top of her professional
camera. "Come on. I need you in some of these pictures!"

"Please hurry! The power of holding the camera is getting to her head!" Garrett added
unhelpfully.

I laughed.

"Duty calls," I said, pressing a quick kiss to the back of Edward's incandescent hand, before
letting go and jogging forward, ducking underneath the shade of the tent. "Alright, where to,
Alice?"

I joined Tanya and Irina, exchanging exasperated smiles with them as Alice began to direct
us to and fro.

The rush of water was easier to ignore, when surrounded by everyone's contagious cheer.


As a bridesmaid, my job had been to arrange a couple of games for the reception. Admittedly,
I'd had a little too much fun with it, and planned everything from trivia games to
athletics―which was a whole different ball game when dealing with supernaturally enhanced
vampires. Sadly, I was also unable to participate in these.

But while those were entertaining, I had to admit that the shoe game was my favorite so far.
Watching Kate and Garrett bicker after every question like they'd already been married for a
couple of centuries was a delight.

I lifted my next notecard. "Who do you think is the most likely to get arrested?"

The purpose of the game was to hold up the shoe of the person you thought fit the answer to
the question best. But even sitting back-to-back, their heightened peripheral vision and acute
hearing made it easy for Kate and Garrett to detect which boot was shot up.

In this case, Garrett had, in one swift blur, lifted up Kate's dainty white boot.

"Excuse you?" Kate sniffed. "You actually have been arrested, Garrett!"

"Exactly," Garrett said with an easy grin, briefly meeting my eyes and shooting me a wink. "I
do believe it's your turn, dear."
I hid a smile behind my small stack of notecards.

"That was not the question, and you know it," she harrumphed.

"I call bullshit," Emmett said from where he was slumped against his chair, an arm thrown
haphazardly across the back of Rosalie's seat. "You've been around, what? A thousand years,
give or take a few decades? There's no way you haven't ever entangled with the local
authorities."

Kate smirked. "Define 'entangle.'"

"Well―"

I cleared my throat. "I do think we've moved beyond the scope of my original question."

"No, no. Allow her to proceed. I would like to hear this," Tanya cut in, leaning forward in her
seat.

"Classy," I deadpanned.

Kate laughed. "Perhaps Isabella is right."

Garrett rolled his eyes, though he hardly appeared bothered by the sudden turn in
conversation.

"Thank you, Kate," I said, and flipped to my next notecard. "Okay…who do you think would
be better at getting away with murder?"

Kate's boots instantly shot up on both their ends.

I quirked an eyebrow. "I hope murder wasn't the reason for your arrest."

"Garrett, you haven't told her the story?" Jasper laughed.

Carlisle's sigh was audible from where he sat.

"No," Garrett said to Jasper, before turning back to me. "I was arrested for breaking and
entering, aggravated assault, and destruction of public property."

Edward grinned. "He means, he got caught breaking into a state prison."

I gaped. "That is so backwards."

"I do not think it is too late to back out, sister," Tanya piped up.

Kate threw Garrett's boot at her, though it was deftly caught. "I love the man. I never said he
was intelligent."

"You should've seen Carlisle's face when he got the call," Emmett said, voice shaking with
laughter.
I took one look at Carlisle's expression of long-suffering and had to suppress a laugh. "I can
imagine…" I said, before glancing back towards my notecards. "And the final question…who
is always right?"

Fortunately, Kate had kept her own boot, which she quickly lifted in concert with Garrett.

"See?" Irina said with a teasing grin, elbowing Tanya. "He is not a total lost cause."

Tanya heaved a sigh. "No, I suppose you are right."

"I appreciate the love, Tanya," Garrett called.

Tanya scowled, although even I could tell she was trying hard not to smile.

"Isabella, what game is next?" Irina asked, jumping to her feet.

I flipped to the next card and grinned. "Vampire foosball!"

"Oh, perfect!" she said. "Everything is already set up. I will referee this one, so you can take
a break if you like. Everyone, follow me!"

"What is vampire foosball?" I heard Emmett ask, as they all began to walk after Irina.

"What do you think?" Rosalie scoffed, a competitive gleam already shining in her eyes.

Unlike the rest, Esme paused at my side and hooked her arm with mine. "I baked a cake, if
you would like some."

I gasped. "Truly? I would love a slice of cake!"

"Oh, perfect," Esme smiled sweetly and lead me over to the larger table swathed in wedding
gifts. In one corner there was a small white cake decorated in red flowers, which I had
previously failed to notice.

Esme grabbed a knife and cut me a slice.

"Thanks, Esme," I said as I took the plate and fork from her hands. "You are the best!"

"It was my pleasure, sweet girl," Esme smiled.

I took a bite of buttercream frosting and lemon cake and nearly cried tears of joy. Once I
chewed and swallowed my first bite, I asked, "I can take the whole thing home, right? Charlie
and Jessica would kill me if I didn't share!"

Esme laughed. "Of course. We certainly have no need for it."

"Great!" I cheered as we began a leisure walk in the direction of the field where the others
had spread out. Fortunately, some cloud cover had returned and I wasn't forced to squint at
their dazzling faces.
In preparation for the game, stark white lines had been painted across the lush grass, denoting
where the players couldn't cross, while bright orange cones represented the goals, and
massive, metal pipes were held between players.

Already, an argument had broken out.

"It doesn't count! He wasn't touching the pipe when he kicked the ball!" Rosalie was saying.

"It was only for like a tenth of a second!" Peter defended himself, standing beside Eleazar as
the offense for their team.

"Exactly! Rule is, you can't let go of the pipe! Otherwise it's not foosball, it's just soccer!"

"I think it counts," Irina shrugged with a grin, where she stood as goalie for Tanya's team, the
pipe ridiculously huge in her tiny arms.

"Esme, we need a new ref! Irina is cheating!" Emmett said with a scowl.

"Settle down children," Esme said, catching the reinforced soccer ball in her hands. "We'll
start the game again."

Irina pouted and Peter rolled his eyes, but neither argued with Esme.

At midfield, Carlisle and Garrett faced off against Tanya and Kate.

Esme launched the ball.

From there, it was a complete blur.

Kate held the pipe up, while Tanya swung on it like an acrobat and kicked the ball with the
intensity of a supersonic boom, far above Carlisle and Garrett's heads.

Only for Rosalie and Charlotte to pull a similar move, with Charlotte holding the pipe and
Rosalie balancing on it upside down just in time to fire the ball to the other side of the field.
Jasper and Carmen jumped in tandem, the pipe still held between them, high enough for
Carmen to launch the ball right back with a sharp kick.

I only belatedly remembered to take another bite of my cake.

My eyes swiveled back and forth, just barely able to keep up with the blurred soccer ball
being shot back and forth in the most outrageous stunts.

Finally, the game came to a screeching halt when Edward rendered a powerful kick and the
ball was immediately launched back by Irina, who used the pipe itself to smash it away from
its intended trajectory.

"Whoa! Timeout!" Garrett called and pointed a finger at Irina's smug face. "She can't do
that!"
An argument broke out over whether it was appropriate to use the metal pipe itself to combat
the ball.

I took another bite.

"I know!" Tanya shouted above the bedlam. "We should ask Isabella. She is the one who
made up the game."

I blinked and swallowed the bite of cake when I realized everyone was staring at me.

"…I think we should save the batting for baseball."

"I knew you were my favorite sister for a reason!" Emmett crowed.

"Hey!" Alice pouted, where she stood alone as the other goalie.

"You're already Edward's favorite sibling! Don't be a brat," Emmett childishly stuck out his
tongue.

Alice beamed. "True!"

"Get ready," Esme warned them, and then catapulted the ball back to midfield.

Garrett was the first to reach the ball this time, and the chaos only devolved from there.

"How did you come up with such a bizarre game?" Esme asked from beside me, eyes
sweeping across the field, following the trajectory of the ball.

I shrugged and swallowed another mouthful. "Summer camp. Although, this is more
authentic. We were never able to swing around the pipe like in actual foosball."

Esme smiled. "No, I imagine not."

And then, Alice made the mistake of taking a second to adjust the massive pipe in her grip.
The single second was all Eleazar needed to launch the ball right past her.

The cheers and screams that broke out across Tanya's team were deafening, their laughter
contagious.

"Point," Esme called needlessly with a grin of her own, disappearing in a blur and then
returning, the ball in her grip.

By the time the game came to a close, Carlisle's team had lost, 0 to 1.

Above all the shit talking, Emmett boomed, "Isabella! What game are we playing next?"

I dug a hand into the pocket of my dress and withdrew my notecards. "Next is…Capture the
Bride! Like capture the flag, but…not."

"I'll ref this one!" Tanya decided with a smirk.
"What? No way!" Emmett protested. "If you ref, then you can't play!"

Tanya huffed. "You are being unreasonable."

"I had forgotten how competitive your family is," Charlotte said to Jasper.

"It's alright, I can ref," Esme gently cut in.

"But you haven't gotten to play!" Alice protested.

A debate broke out over who would referee the next game, despite Esme's insistence that she
wouldn't mind doing it again.

Once it was decided that Eleazar would ref this time around, they began discussing how to
split up into three separate teams.

"I'm going to eat more cake," I said to no one in particular, before turning around and
walking back in the direction of the tent.

Edward fell into step beside me.

"You're not playing?" I asked, surprised. Edward was just as competitive as the rest of them,
and I knew capture the flag (or the bride, as it was in this case) would be a doozy with such a
multifaceted terrain and so many available players.

"I'd rather keep you company," he smiled.

"If you say so," I laughed. "Who do you think is going to win?"

Edward hummed in thought. "Hard to say. Tanya, Rosalie, and Jasper are the ones heading
the teams, so really, it could go any which way."

I winced. "Yeah, I'm happy I get to skip out on all that. You're all very intense."

"That's what makes it so fun," Edward smirked as we ducked beneath the canopy of the tent.

I made a beeline for the cake. "Just watching you play foosball stressed me out. I can't
imagine actually having to play with the lot of you," I laughed, taking my plate and sitting at
one of the tables.

"I get the sense you're just as competitive," Edward countered, taking the seat beside me. "Or
am I wrong?"

I pursed my lips. "I do like winning," I admitted. "But doesn't everyone?"

"Sure, but not everyone will tear off your arm over a game. Literally."

"Oh now this is a story I have to hear."

By the time Edward had finished his retelling of the time Alice tore off Emmett's arm in the
middle of a cutthroat game of football, the gloom had fully set in.
But with it, the twinkling fairy lights hanging from the edges of the canopy and wrapped
around the legs of the tent, lit up brilliantly. And it wasn't until that moment, that I noticed the
centerpieces were intricate vases concealing artificial candles within the flower arrangements.

The additional light was helpful for my human eyes.

And then, music began to play.

I looked up, surprised to see Edward now standing by my seat, his hand held towards me.

"May I have this dance?"

I smiled. "You may."


Charlie had, at the request of Esme, given me permission to stay late, with the condition that I
would return home to attend school in the morning. Regardless of the impending lack of
sleep, I had decided to stay awake until Kate and Garrett's departure.

It was at midnight that the second and final tradition čepčenie was performed. A ceremony
that would transition Kate to that of a married woman.

In the black of night, the array of candles lit across Kate and Garrett's table was the only light
source, casting long shadows across the expanse of grass. Kate was seated at the center,
Tanya and Irina standing on either side of her, each holding a lit candle in their palms.

They sang.

I could not understand the words they were singing, for the lyrics were crooned in their
mother tongue. But their soprano voices drew me in, bewitching me as they sang in perfect
harmony.

The song was long and it was sad. Tanya and Irina's voices stretched on with deep emotion,
hovering on the line of sorrow. It rang of farewell.

When at last, their voices faded into silence, Garrett stepped forward. My eyes nearly bugged
out when I noticed the massive axe resting against his shoulder, steel glinting in the
candlelight.

"I walked along the mountains," he began, voice soft and eerie, "Along the valleys, in the
nooks and crannies of the seashores; in the pastures of the Slovak farms I swept; I walked
along to Trenčín, and here suddenly, on the bank near Váh, I see a beautiful girl, dressed all
in white." He paused, eyes taken by her. "And I ask you, for the first time: Do you want to
take off your wreath, or…do you want me to cut off your head?"

My jaw dropped. I swiveled my gaze over to Kate.

Kate smiled and said, "Cut off my head."
With matching grins, Tanya and Irina briefly broke out into a new song, only pausing long
enough for Garrett to say, "Weigh your words. Consider them well, for I ask you a second
time: Do you want to take off the vine, or do you want me to cut off your head?"

"Cut off my head," Kate repeated.

Tanya and Irina sang again, a longer stanza this time, a little more cheerful than the first one.
And then, Garrett spoke once more. "I am asking you for the last time, for the third.
Therefore, weigh your words well and be careful of how you answer. Do you want to take off
the wreath, or do you want me to cut off your head?"

Kate laughed. "Take off the wreath."

Remembering my queue, I stood and walked to stand behind Kate, and in between Tanya and
Irina as they sang once more. Their high, bell-like voices filled my ears as I began to pull out
the pins holding Kate's flower crown in place. Once I caught every single one, I cautiously
lifted the delicate wreath from her head and took a step back.

In tandem with me, Garrett took a step forward and kneeled before Kate, withdrawing
something small and delicate from the pocket of his trousers.

The song reached a new pitch and Kate's head remained bowed down as Garrett crowned her
with the new piece of fabric, colorful and beaded with red roses. It was a Slovak-styled
bonnet, which resembled a wide headband that encompassed her crown.

As soon as Garrett had tied it off, the song ended and Tanya and Irina simultaneously blew
out their candles.

Instantly, the fairy lights flared back to life and the music shattered the brief silence.

I barely had time to set down Kate's wreath, before I was being swept into Edward's arms.
The chair must've been tossed aside, for Kate and Garrett danced at the center, and we around
them.

It was a blur of lights, loud music, sharp twirls, and high jumps.

I wasn't sure that I kept up as well as Tanya and Carlisle, and Irina and Eleazar, but I had fun
all the same. And Edward had no qualms about tossing me to and fro.

It was over almost as soon as it'd begun, and to my shock, I found that Garrett and Kate had
vanished.

"Did they leave?" I asked Edward above the clapping and whistling, as I tried to catch my
breath.

"No," he grinned. "They went to go get changed."

"Oh," I laughed. "That makes―"
I cut myself off as I scrambled to catch whatever object had hit my chest. A glance down
revealed it to be Kate's flower crown.

I lifted my gaze and met Tanya's smirk. "I do believe that now belongs to you, Isabella."

"Uh, it does?"

"Yes!" Irina giggled. "Now, you will be the next one to marry! Within a year and a day!"

A blush exploded across my face. I carefully did not glance towards Edward.

"That does raise the question," Charlotte said, from where she sat in between Peter and
Jasper. "How soon do you plan on turning her?"

The subsequent silence was loud and rang in my ears.

To my eternal gratitude, Emmett butted in with his lousy sense of humor. "Hopefully, not too
soon! Girl isn't a vampire yet, and she's already got a kill count under her name. Can you
imagine her as a newborn?!"

I scowled at him. "The thing with Mr. Brown was a freak accident! It wasn't my fault!"

"Are you sure about that?" he needled.

Considering there was no mention of it in canon… "…Not entirely."

"Aha!" Emmett crowed. "I knew it!"

Charlotte and Peter appeared only vaguely concerned.

"What did we miss?" Kate laughed.

We turned to the newly wedded couple, who had switched out their traditional regalia for
modern hiking attire.

"Isabella's kill count," Emmett said flippantly. "She's at two, if you were wondering."

Kate's eyebrows arched. "…I see."

"The little human has been holding out on us?" Garrett guffawed.

I grimaced. "Let's please not have this conversation, before you're about to say goodbye."

The reminder was sobering for everyone.

"We will miss you," Tanya said, as she, Irina, Carmen, and Eleazar began to crowd around
them.

"Please return home soon!" Irina said.

"Yes," Carmen agreed. "But do enjoy yourselves and cherish your time alone."
"By all means, do not hurry on our account," Eleazar chuckled. "And take care of her
Garrett."

Garrett laughed. "I don't know about that, Eleazar. I think she'll be taking care of me!"

Kate smirked. "Right he is!"

For a brief moment, they all exchanged hugs, and then Kate said to everyone, "Thank you,
all, for such an incredible day! I can think of no better way to be sent off. It was lovely to
have you with us, Peter and Charlotte. And Isabella, though you are not like us yet, you are
already a part of our family. We will see you all soon!"

"What she said!" Garrett grinned.

And just like that, they were gone.

When I met Edward's soft gaze, I recalled the wreath I still held in my hands. I turned red
once more.

Fortunately, Alice called for my attention.

"Isabella!" she said, skipping to my side and hooking her arm with mine. "I know you have to
leave soon, but is there anything you want to keep?"

"Oh, you're throwing all this out?" I said, visibly disappointed.

"No, no," she assured me, tugging me over to Kate and Garrett's table. "Obviously the chairs
and bench Emmett made were a gift, and anything reusable will be stored in the attic."

"That's good," I smiled. "I wouldn't mind taking home some flowers. Oh, and the cake of
course!"

"Of course," Alice giggled. "Don't forget Kate's―I mean, your wreath."

I held it up. "I don't think I will," I said. "Let me help clean up, though!"

Alice rolled her eyes. "Silly!" she said, pecking me on the cheek. "I'll put together some
flowers for you!"

In a blur of white and gold, she was gone.

I shook my head with a fond smile, and began to sort everything out on Kate and Garrett's
table.

That was when it happened.

I only meant to gather a couple of the flower arrangements for Esme to take back to the
house, when one of the burning candles exploded.

A fiery sensation sliced through my forearm, the hot pain of sharp glass severing skin.
  For a fraction of a second, I locked eyes with a pair of brilliant red irises.

  And then, I was being launched back.

  I slammed into the ground, bones jarring forcibly, forearm slick with blood and screaming in
  pain. The deafening boom of crashing boulders exploded in my ears.

  I scrambled back, stumbling to my feet with a pained hiss, as I took in the calamity that had
  broken out in mere seconds.

  Small fires dotted the black grassland, shattered glass gleaming under the flickering flames,
  chairs and tables scattered and overturned.

  A line of fire blazed down my arm, blood dripping from my fingertips. There was nowhere to
  run. On all sides, vampires snarled and blurred in between assaults, stone striking stone like
  cracks of thunder as they fought to subdue one another, all the while struggling to remain in
  control of their own ravenous bloodthirst.

  The river rushed at my back as I balanced precariously on the slick stones.

  I took a step back.

  Glowing red eyes were the last thing I saw, before the black waters swallowed me whole.



Chapter End Notes



    Oops. My finger slipped again.

    And sorry for the wait. I had general writer's block, but I also got sick again…and then I
    got sick again for the third time. Health-wise, I have not been doing the best.

    Tags have been updated!

    Also, I did a Q&A with some of my readers, which I’m copying and pasting over here
    for anyone who’s interested:

    Did Jasper have to keep both sides calm in the last chapter?
    Yes, he did some damage control behind the scenes. Edward was at least prepared for
    their arrival, but Peter and Charlotte were more blindsided by Isabella's presence.

    Will we see the Denali's again before the ending of this story?
    As of now, I have no plans for that.

    Is Garrett becoming a vegetarian?
    Yes. You'll notice in chapter 29 that he's started hunting with Eleazar.
Will you cover Isabella's newborn stage?
Partially. Currently, I have four chapters set aside for that. I'd have to write a sequel to
cover more, because this story is getting too long for my tastes lol

How is Isabella supposed to change into a vampire?
Spoilers!

Why does Isabella still feel guilty about lying to the Cullens about the Twilight books?
She doesn't feel guilty about the books specifically. She feels guilty because she's
pretending she has this great gift, when that's not the case at all. But now she's in so
deep, she's not sure how to admit that it was all a farce.

Will Fred be making another appearance in either the spinoffs or the main story?
As of now, no. And in the main, I'm already juggling so many characters, I don't have
enough room for him. I'd have to write a sequel in order to bring him into the fold.

What other subplots will be resolved, with Kate and Garrett's departure?
A few! The main one, would be Isabella's impending transformation, for sure. But also
keep in mind that this is heavily slice-of-life!

Has Peter pointed out the threat that Isabella having knowledge of their world poses to
them?
Yes, but you have to remember that the Cullens are part of a human community. Even if
the plan was to turn Isabella themselves, they still have to wait, seeing as they would
need to relocate without suspicion. In the case of the Volturi, it's not urgent. Vampires
view time differently, so it would be a few years before it became an issue. In New
Moon, Aro was fine with letting them go as long as the plan was to turn Bella. Seeing as
Alice's vision appears to be definite, there's no real problem here.

Will Isabella and Edward be getting married?
Not in this story!

Will Garrett be the reason Isabella is turned?
Absolutely not!

If Fred comes back, will he be a love interest?
No, not for Isabella.

Will Isabella's memories fade?
Yes, this will be addressed post-transformation.

Will Isabella gain her own, unique second gift after the transformation?
Originally, no. But I've gotten this request over a dozen times now, so I'm thinking yes
lol

What did Peter and Charlotte think of Isabella?
They thought she was strange lol
Will you be writing outtakes from other perspectives, such as Garrett?
As of now, no.

How long will this story be?
Right now, it's estimated at 62-65 chapters.

I promise to update again soon! Remember, comments are my love language! ;)
                                 Chapter 40: Humans get Stitches
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The biting cold rippled through me like an electric shock.

   I managed one last gasp of air before I was engulfed and ripped away by the violent current.
   It was pitch black and the current was a thunderous roar in my ears, the frigid temperatures
   piercing my skin like a thousand barbed needles.

   Panic shot through me.

   I scrambled to gain control of my body as I was pushed and pulled and plunged by the
   unforgiving waters, sweeping my arms and kicking my legs and desperately trying to break
   past the surface. I was blind, the water a crushing pressure against my chest, hysteria clawing
   up my throat.

   I managed to get another breath in, the wind a sharp slap across my face, before I was
   swallowed once more, still caught within the grasp of the powerful current.

   I kicked harder; reached higher.

   Until a blinding pain raced across my shoulder. I tried to scream, but ice cold water slammed
   into my mouth and up my nose, and then I was being swept away again, smaller boulders
   buffeting against me as I was dragged underneath the surface, choking, drowning―

   But then, something colder than stone gripped me and wrenched me down―no, up!

   The frigid night air struck me with a sudden sting.

   And then I was crashing against a patch of thick moss, limbs heavy, shoulders and arms
   flaring with agony from a combination of lacerations and bruises. My esophagus burned as
   river water scraped and gushed out in one coughing fit, until I was gulping up air, rib cage
   rattling with effort.

   "Easy," Carlisle's soothing voice murmured, hands bracing against my trembling shoulders.
   "You're okay, Isabella."

   I sobbed in relief, tears hot against my frozen skin.

   "Come, let's get you back home," he murmured, gently cradling me in his arms and lifting me
   up.

   I pressed my damp face against the dry collar of his tux in an effort to escape the buffeting
   wind threatening to freeze me into a block of ice. By the time we reached the warm-lit house,
   I was trembling uncontrollably in Carlisle's arms.
Inside, Carlisle carried me upstairs, into a dim room I didn't recognize.

The entirety of the wall across the doorway had ceiling-to-floor length windows, framing a
king-sized bed piled high with pillows in colors of cream and navy blue. Carlisle carried me
to the right side of the room, where a massive fireplace took up most of the wall, and settled
me onto a white velvet settee.

Distantly, I wondered why he would ruin the nice couch. It was now soaked and quickly
becoming stained with my blood.

I grew dizzy with nausea, hissing when the pain along my forearm flared to life.

With a blink, I realized Carlisle was kneeling before me, pressing a small towel across my
arm to stem the bleeding. Further behind him, Rosalie stood, a fire now blazing at her feet.
Involuntarily, a tremor shook my frame as the room began to warm, reminding me of how
cold I was.

I wanted to rush closer, until the fire burned me and melted the last of the ice from my skin.
But I was bleeding.

So I stayed put, feeling oddly sick and trying to keep my teeth from chattering, wishing I
could somehow step out of my wet, clinging dress.

"Isabella."

Rosalie's sharp voice brought me back to the present.

It took me another second to try and remember what she'd been saying, and when the silence
dragged, she asked again, "Can I remove your clothes? All of them? We need to warm you
up."

It was then that I noticed Carlisle was gone and the door to the bedroom was shut. I glanced
down and noticed that it was me who was pressing the towel painfully tight against my arm.
When had I been told to do that?

"Go ahead," I rasped, my windpipe rubbed raw from the onslaught of river water, allowing
her to tug me to my feet.

She was quick, but efficient. All the while, I tried to dredge up the slightest bit of insecurity.
But it was difficult. Sure, I had begun to take ownership of this body, but ultimately, it was
hardly mine. My insecurities didn't apply―I no longer had the stretch marks on my spine
from when I was young and I'd shot up like a weed; the ugly burn scar on my belly from a
bonfire party gone wrong was absent; even my wide hips and pudgy thighs were missing.
Watching Rosalie tear apart my soaked dress and undergarments to peel them away didn't
bother me. It was almost like it wasn't even me that she was undressing and toweling dry, but
some other entity which I could walk away from and abandon.

Instead of dressing me in clothes, Rosalie wrapped me in a warm, fuzzy sleeping robe,
carefully pulling the sleeve over my injured arm and rolling up the fabric, so that I could
continue to stem the blood flow.

I was sitting again, Rosalie removing my boots and peeling away my drenched socks, when
Carlisle hurried back into the room, a medical bag at his side.

"Let's take a look at that, shall we?" he smiled gently, kneeling at my side again and carefully
removing the death grip I had over my injured arm.

I nodded, wondering why my stomach suddenly roiled, the sick feeling intensifying as he
removed the towel and my nose was hit with a sharp metallic scent.

Right. This body gets sick at the smell of blood.

I was forced to breathe shallowly through my mouth, lest I throw up.

Behind me, I felt Rosalie's hands gently pulling my hair apart from its tangled mess of damp
braids, curls, and bobby-pins.

I looked away from the bloody mess just as Carlisle began to rub some sort of cool gel across
the ragged skin. My gaze drifted back to the fireplace. Soon, my arm became numb, and the
skin being pulled and tugged wasn't painful in the slightest. It made it easier to get lost in the
flames.

"Isabella?"

I blinked. Carlisle was gone and Rosalie stood in his place. My arm was no longer bloodied
and cut open, but stitched close and taped up in strips of gauze.

I couldn't help but stare at the red spilled across the white fabric of the couch. Perhaps if it
was washed right away, there was hope of removing the stain? Then again, it might be
different for those with enhanced eyesight. What I believed to be salvageable, might not be so
for the Cullens.

"Let's get you cleaned up," Rosalie suggested, drawing my attention as she offered me her
hand.

Though I dreaded leaving the warmth of the fire, I allowed her cold fingers to curl around my
palm and pull me to my feet. She lead me across the room, to the opposite side, and through
the doorway of a bathroom.

I made the mistake of making eye contact with the girl in the mirror. Her hair was a half-dried
frizzy mess framing a face streaked with black mascara. I didn't have much time to dwell on
my wrecked appearance, before Rosalie was pulling me towards a porcelain bathtub already
filled with fragrant, soapy water.

"Easy," she murmured as she helped me step into the warm water, once my borrowed robe
had been removed. "Don't get your bandages wet."

I rested my injured arm across the lid of the bathtub, wondering how I would bathe with only
one hand, when I felt cool fingers threading through my hair and pulling it back from my
face.

I sat, a frozen statue in the warm water, as Rosalie gently washed my hair.

Eventually, my astonishment waned, and I was able to lean into her touch without fearing that
she would make a snide remark.

Distantly, I wondered what I could have done to earn Rosalie's kindness. Wouldn't it have
made more sense for Esme or Alice to assist me? I was hardly her favorite person.

But as she continued to rinse and lather my hair, I couldn't help but relax the slightest bit.

I was startled back into awareness when Rosalie broke the silence. She was facing me now,
gently rubbing a liquid product across my face; probably some sort of cleanser.

"It's alright to cry, Isabella. I imagine you're still rather shaken."

It was touching, if a bit confusing. She'd never shown so much concern for me before.

Regardless, I didn't want her to think I was ignoring her so I nodded faintly, even though I
didn't really want to cry again. I was tired of crying.

Rosalie sighed. "You're dissociating."

What?

"It's a trauma response," she added, when I stared blankly at her.

I dropped my gaze. "Oh."

Although I had heard of the word before, it was never something I recalled experiencing. I
wasn't sure what to say.

"Close your eyes and mouth," she suddenly instructed. Once I did as told, she gently rinsed
my face, washing away the last of the makeup product caked across my skin. "All done."

"Thanks," I whispered hoarsely, blinking away the drops of water clinging to my lashes.
"Why…why are you doing this?"

Rosalie leaned back, her face lit with curiosity. "Doing what?"

I lowered my eyes and shrugged, wincing when the movement pulled at the bruises across
my shoulders. "Taking care of me."

"Trust me, Esme would be here in a heartbeat, if she were not so frightened of further
endangering you," she smiled. "But I'm the only one with enough control to help you through
this."

"Right," I agreed, feeling stupid for not having already made the connection myself. Of
course no one but Rosalie had enough control to help undress me while I was spilling blood
everywhere.

Belatedly, she tacked on, "And because you're my sister."

My head snapped up and I gaped at her.

She scoffed. "Don't look so surprised. Just because I don't agree with any of it, doesn't mean I
don't understand. I won't make this any harder for you than it has to be. You've been through
enough."

I swallowed past the lump in my throat. "Thank you."

"Don't mention it."

"…And I'm sorry," I added. "I know I haven't been kind to you in the past, and I might've
said some harsh things that I had no business saying."

To my surprise, Rosalie rolled her eyes. "Don't bother. I'm not angry, and I expect that you'll
continue to be brutally honest with me, no matter how much we disagree. I'd be embarrassed
to call you my sister otherwise."

My lips twisted into a weak smile. "Are you sure? I can be rather mean."

"I can assure you, you'll never be as unpleasant as I'm capable of being. Although I'm sure
you're already aware."

"I guess," I conceded with a small, rough laugh. "You're a good sister."

"Yes, I know," she waved me off and began to pull me to my feet to help me rinse and dry
off. Regardless, she was unable to keep the swell of pride from coloring her expression.

Once I'd stepped out of the drained tub and she'd toweled me off, Rosalie helped me dress
into a pair of soft sweatpants, a sweater, and thick socks.

I focused on Rosalie's reflection as she combed through my wet tangles, and asked, "What's
going on out there?"

My conversation with Rosalie had helped clear the fog that had settled along my mind.
Suddenly, everything didn't feel so distant, and fear curled in my chest when I began to
consider the very real consequences that might result from tonight's altercation.

Behind me, Rosalie hummed. "They're cleaning up. Edward is infuriated, as you can
imagine."

"He's not causing any trouble, is he?" I asked weakly. Despite the image of Charlotte's wild,
red eyes imprinted in my memory, I knew I didn't want him going to war on my behalf. Not
when the future was still so obscure. We already had an invisible entity blocking Alice's
visions. Making an enemy of Jasper's family on top of that…it could only serve to make
things worse.
She snorted. "No. But he's furious with Peter and Charlotte. Jasper and Carlisle are doing
their best to mediate, but Edward can hold a grudge like nobody's business. I'm not really
sure any of us blame him, in this case."

I frowned, confused. "Is…is Jasper okay?"

"Of course. Why wouldn't he be…?" Rosalie's eyes suddenly lit up with realization. "Isabella,
Jasper didn't attack you. He protected you."

I gaped. "…He did?"

"Yes," Rosalie said. "Ever since you shared this possible future with us, Jasper has been
extremely cautious. He knew you could be hurt in other ways, so he's been on guard,
maintaining control like we've never seen before."

"Oh," I croaked. "That's…wow." I truly didn't know what to say. That Jasper had gone so far
for my sake, was…incredibly touching. My heart softened and warmed with affection.

"You're surprised," Rosalie noted curiously. "I suppose that means they haven't told you."

"Told me what?"

"I don't believe it's for me to say," she said with a shrug, and then tilted her head, as though
listening to someone outside of the room. "Esme is preparing something warm for you to
drink. Would you like some?"

I smiled. "Yes, please."

"I'll grab it for you. Don't get too comfortable though. Someone will need to take you home
soon," Rosalie said, setting the comb back onto the counter.

"I'll be sure not to," I assured her, before she disappeared in a blur of white.

My gaze drifted back to my reflection for a moment. I looked like a completely different girl
than when I'd first walked in, face and hair freshly washed, dressed in warm comfortable
clothes. The lavender sweater did a fine job of concealing the bruises and bandages. If it
weren't for the pain pulsing across my skin, I could almost pretend I hadn't been hurt.

I turned and wandered back into the bedroom, drifting back towards the warmth of the fire.
This time, I sat on the opposite side of the couch, away from the wet, blood-stained corner,
and folded my legs underneath me, sinking against the cushioned back.

Despite Rosalie's reassurance that everything was well in hand, I couldn't help but despair,
because of course tonight's celebrations had ended this way. I'd been arrogant to assume that
this could only be the result of some hypothetical birthday party.

It made the possibility of newborn vampire armies and the Volturi's involvement that much
more real. Although I imagined the timeline of it all was now botched. Alice was sure I
would be turned prior to summer. How much of all this plot nonsense could be squeezed in,
in the next two months?
No matter which way I wrapped my head around it, the future appeared bleak.

I was still curled up, watching the fire crackle and pop, when I noticed Edward hovering by
the door.

I wasn't sure how much damage his tux had sustained, but he'd changed into a pair of jeans
and a black hoodie. In one hand, he clutched a torn wreath of sodden red flowers, half of their
petals missing, damp ribbons frayed.

I frowned when I noticed he was unable to meet my gaze. Because I recognized the look in
his eyes. The way they shifted and burned with unvoiced desperation―they were the same
eyes I saw whenever I'd met Bella's reflection in the mirror, back when I was still trying to
find my footing in this strange fairytale world.

"You're running again."

I wasn't sure if I'd meant to say the words out loud, but they did a fine job of securing
Edward's attention. And finally, he met my gaze.

"No," he disagreed. But the contrite twist of his expression hadn't fallen away.

I kept my eyes steadily on his. "No. Not right now. But you want to. I know, because we're
the same. We run, when things get hard; when we're afraid."

Even as guilt colored his features, and his shoulders caved in, and his fingers curled into
gray-knuckled fists, splintering my crown in his grip, I kept my gaze steady.

"You have to tell me what you're thinking, Edward," I said, as gently as I could, voice still
raspy.

I needed, with every fiber of my being, to understand if this was meant to be our New Moon.
Because I was slowly coming to the realization that I had, perhaps, given too much of myself
to Edward. I had incorrectly assumed that Alice's vision trumped every other plot point of the
story.

It didn't matter that, if Edward did leave, there was a high probability that he would return to
me.

I needed him now.

(And what I didn't want to acknowledge, what I was too afraid to confess in this precarious
moment, was that I would always need him; forever.)

The longer the silence stretched, the stronger the grip of fear constricted my chest, leaving me
near-breathless, as something painful began to swell in my throat.

"I'm not leaving."

With those simple words, I could breathe again, relief hitting me like a tsunami.
  "Okay," I exhaled a sharp breath. "Okay."

  Finally, he stepped into the room and moved to sit beside me, dropping the broken wreath
  atop the pile of wet, torn clothes, and gently wrapping an arm around me, pulling me close.

  "What do you need?" he murmured into my hair.

  "You," I whispered. "I need you."



Chapter End Notes



    Sorry to everyone who predicted that the ending of the previous chapter would end in
    Isabella's transformation! Trust me when I say, you'll know when we're there.

    Also, I've been asked if I have a sequel planned for this story. Officially, no. While I
    would love to say yes, I would prefer to focus on completing this story before getting
    ahead of myself. But I appreciate the interest! :)

    And thank you for all the best wishes! I am doing better, thank God! :3 Be sure to
    comment and let me know what you all thought of the chapter! :)
                                Chapter 41: Fate’s Middle Finger
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It was Carlisle who drove me home, some time before three in the morning.

   After doing another check-up, he'd determined I showed only mild symptoms of
   hypothermia, and the dull pain in my chest was the worst that had resulted from near-
   drowning. In the case of my stitched up arm, I'd decided we could tell Charlie about the
   incident with the candle. Everything else was avoidable, and I didn't need Charlie mistakenly
   thinking I was as disaster prone as Bella. I'd never be allowed to go anywhere.

   Once we reached the highway, Carlisle broke the silence and said, "We have privacy at the
   moment, if there were any other concerns you wished to share with me."

   I lowered the thermos of hot chocolate in my hand and glanced towards him. "…Edward said
   you guys weren't leaving?"

   I wanted to believe Edward when he said that he would stay. But in moments like these, it
   was difficult to separate reality from fiction.

   In the dim lighting of the dash, Carlisle smiled gently. "No, Isabella, we're not leaving. I can
   assure you as much. The decision is not only up to Edward."

   I blinked. "It's not?"

   "No, not any more," Carlisle said, reaching over and briefly squeezing my hand. "My son is
   not the only one in our family who has come to cherish you. Edward would have to contend
   with many of us, if he were to decide that leaving is the safest option for you. Especially,
   because as things stand, it's not."

   "Alice's vision hasn't changed then," I said.

   Carlisle frowned. "Not entirely."

   I curled both hands around the warm thermos, brow furrowing in concern. "What does that
   mean?"

   "After tonight's incident, and in light of the foreknowledge you've shared with us, Alice
   checked other possible futures," he explained, voice inexplicably soft. "If we were to depart
   now, your future would change. You would not become a vampire, nor would you continue
   your life as a human. You would…die. And we have no idea of the cause. All we know at the
   moment, is that it is our family which stands between you and certain death."

   "…What the hell," I whispered hoarsely.
"I know Edward is upset," Carlisle added, "But don't let that concern you, in regards to our
presence here. We have already accepted you as our family. We will not abandon you."

I swallowed thickly and said, voice shaking, "Thank you."

Carlisle smiled. "There is no need to thank us. But you are most welcome, nonetheless."

I nodded, blinking back tears.

And then, I wondered, "…You don't think it's the wolves, do you?"

Carlisle stayed silent for an uncomfortably long moment. "I think that you would know the
answer to that, better than I."

I reviewed every bit of information I knew of the wolf pack, and then decided, "No. I don't
believe any of them would hurt me, or any human. Not intentionally."

Carlisle hummed in thought. "I'm inclined to agree. I did not know Ephraim well, but he
maintained that protecting humankind was their most sacred duty. Even amongst the new
wolves, I see no reason as to why that should change."

"So then what? Or who?" I huffed, scowling out into the black of night. "Either, it's some
other supernatural creature, who Alice is incapable of seeing. Or…it's someone with the
ability to block out other's gifts."

"Yes, we've come to a similar conclusion," he said, as we pulled into my street. "We have
been on alert, but we haven't come across any unfamiliar scents within our territory. You are
safe. For now."

"For now," I laughed mirthlessly. "Let me know when you discover the identity of my would-
be murderer."

Carlisle offered me a bland smile and slowed the car to a halt in front of the house. "I will do
my best to keep you informed," he said. "Though I feel the need to ask if there's anything else
you wish to share. You once told Rosalie that you knew of other events in our future. That
they were based on decisions that had yet to be made."

"Oh," I blinked. "Um, yes. But trust me, those events are no longer relevant. I have less than
three months left until I'm either dead, or a vampire. Ultimately, it's mine and Edward's
decision to make, but it's not something we have the time for."

Carlisle titled his head, eyes lit with curiosity. "But still, you're unwilling to discuss whatever
this choice may be? If it's Edward's decision, as much as it's yours, perhaps it's him you
should discuss it with."

I grimaced. "I suppose. But…I think I know him well enough, to know his choice in this.
Especially when I'm already decided."

"Perhaps. Though he might surprise you," Carlisle suggested with a small smile.
"Not in this," I assured him as I stepped out of the car.

I couldn't imagine that Edward would ever willingly ask me to go through the process of
birthing a hybrid human-vampire baby. If him wanting to force an abortion on Bella in canon
was any indication, hell would freeze over before he ever asked that of me.

Which was just as well, because I currently had little interest in it myself. Although I was
vaguely disappointed that I would not get to have children of my own, I was alright with
skipping out on the pregnancy from hell.

Carlisle met me on the walkway and followed me up the porch steps to the front door, a mass
of folded blanket in his arms. Even though it was Esme who had insisted on giving me the
heated blanket, it was Carlisle who had enforced this decision under 'doctor's orders.'
Apparently, even mild hypothermia needed to be treated, and I would be stuck sleeping inside
of the toaster blanket all night.

Inside the front hall, the lights were already on, and I could hear the echoes of Charlie's
snores and the muted sound of late night infomercials.

"He must've been waiting for me to return home," I realized.

"It appears so," Carlisle said, gently shutting the door behind him. "He's a good father."

"Yeah, he is," I agreed with a sad smile. "Let me go wake him."

I walked into the living room, where Charlie was sprawled across the cushions, dead asleep.

I reached over the backrest of the couch and gently shook his shoulder. "Hey, chief," I said,
"It's time to wake up. You'll get a crick in your neck, sleeping like that."

"Bella?" he slurred, rubbing his eyes and sitting up with a tired groan. As soon as he noticed
Carlisle standing at my shoulder, he shot up to his feet. "Dr. Cullen! Is everything alright?"

"Yes, sorry to disturb you so late at night, Chief Swan. But as Isabella's father, I'm sure you
would rather be kept informed," Carlisle smiled warmly, and then turned to me, "Isabella,
you can go ahead and get some rest, while I speak with your father."

"Yeah, sure thing, doc," I agreed, shifting the thermos to one hand and accepting the blanket
from him into my stitches-free arm. "Goodnight," I called, as I thumped up the stairs.

Below, I heard Charlie say, "You said there was an incident?"

"Unfortunately, yes," I heard Carlisle begin to explain, before I shut the door to my room,
muting their voices.

I dumped the heated blanket atop my duvet and took another long sip of hot chocolate,
thawing the tremors in the marrow of my bones.

As I got ready for bed, the memory of tonight's events bore down on my bruised shoulders
with a leaden weight and my heart ached with the pain of it.
The moment that tears began to blur my vision, I popped a sleeping pill. Perhaps tomorrow
would be a better day.


The first time I woke up, it was dark and Charlie sat at my bedside. I think he was checking
me over, but mostly, I just remember him ordering me to go back to sleep.

The second time it happened was when I turned over and a sharp, burning pain raced across
my arm. With a curse, I squinted my eyes open and gingerly sat up.

The sun was out and despite my grogginess, I ran the risk of having nightmares if I tried to
sleep in any longer. After everything that had occurred the previous night, I knew better than
to chance it.

Before I could force myself to crawl out of bed, my phone began to buzz violently across my
nightstand.

I blindly grabbed for it and flipped it open.

"Hello?" I said, voice hoarse with sleep, slowly laying back down, trying not to pull on the
bruised skin across my arms and shoulders.

"Isabella," said Edward's voice, sounding relieved. "How are you feeling this morning?"

"Mostly sore," I admitted groggily. "I'll take some pain medication as soon as I find the
motivation to get up."

"I guess that's as well as can be expected," he heaved a sigh.

"Yeah," I grimaced. "What did I miss last night? Is everything alright?"

"It's well in hand," Edward said, though he didn't sound convinced. "But Peter and Charlotte
are still here. They're with Alice and Jasper."

"Oh."

Admittedly, I wasn't sure how to feel. I knew it was irrational to hold a grudge against the
nomadic pair for their actions against me. But…I was no longer willing to be within
proximity of them. Not while I was still human.

Reading Edward's violent thoughts in Midnight Sun was incomparable to being assaulted by
an actual bloodthirsty vampire.

"I'll be keeping an eye out, until they leave," Edward assured me. "And then I'll pick you up
later tonight. Carlisle will need to change your bandages."

"Sounds like a plan," I said, the slightest bit relieved. "I'll just be hanging around my house,
resting for the day, so you know where to find me."

"I do," I could hear the smile in Edward's voice. "Please don't get into any trouble."
I wrinkled my nose. "Don't tell me what to do."

Edward laughed. "My mistake."

"Right. I'll see you later, babe."

"Can't wait."

I ended the call and got ready for the day, taking some painkillers, dressing comfortably, and
eating cereal for breakfast.

After some thought, I took a page out of Bella's book. Gathering a blanket, my mp3 player,
and one of the books I had borrowed from Edward, I made my way out to the backyard and
made camp on the stretch of thick, mossy lawn.

The sun was dim, but a welcomed reprieve from the constant rain.

For a long while, I remained sprawled across the blanket, escaping reality. Music blasted in
my ears, and my mind sunk into the frail pages of the old book.

It wasn't until my phone began to ring, that I was hauled back into the present.

I rolled onto my back, pulling out my earbuds and flipping open my phone.

"Isabella, hey," I heard Zee say, "I wanted to check in. It's been a week since I've heard from
you."

"Yeah, things have been…hectic around here."

"Is that so?" she hummed. "And how well have you been handling that?"

I cringed. "Not great," I admitted. "…I nearly drowned again last night."

Her voice grew frigid. "What happened?"

"I jumped into a river," I said, ignoring the tears sliding across my face and the blurred sky
above me. "My chest hurts, but I avoided the worst of the hypothermia. There was also an
exploding candle. I got stitches for that."

There was a long pause on the other side of the line.

"Isabella, I'm beginning to grow concerned," Zee finally said.

I choked on a laugh. "That makes two of us."

"I'm serious."

I sighed. "I know."

"The strangeness is to be expected, but this is even more than I ever had to contend with,"
Zee huffed. "Why did you jump into a river?"
"It was either that or…well, let's just say that the other option was not great," I settled on.

"…I suppose I'll have to take your word for it," she said. "I'm sorry to hear that. I assume
you're not handling it well."

"No, not really," I sniffed. "I think it hasn't fully hit me though. I don't really want it to."

"I know the feeling all too well, but we've talked about this."

"Yeah, I know."

"Where is that boy of yours?"

"He's going to pick me up later," I said. "His father is a doctor, so he'll be replacing my
bandages later tonight."

"That's good. You shouldn't be alone."

"No, probably not," I sighed. "It feels like shit."

"Unfortunately, that's how it tends to go. You take two, large steps forward, and then life
throws more shit at you, forcing you back a step."

"So is that your advice? Life sucks and then you die?" I laughed, voice wet.

"No, not necessarily," Zee said thoughtfully. "For us, life sucks, you die, and then you wake
up and your new life still continues to suck."

I grinned, wiping the tears off with the back of my hand. "Sounds about right. How's Ron?"

"Oh, don't even get me started on that man…"


"Edward is picking you up?"

"Yeah," I said around a bite of breaded chicken. I finished chewing and swallowed. "Dr.
Cullen needs to change my bandages," I continued, setting my fork down. "So I shouldn't be
gone for too long."

Charlie eyed me with concern from across the table. "Are you sure you don't want to stay
home for another day?"

"Nah," I said, shooting him a smile. "I've already got Jessica ringing in with all sorts of
questions. I'd rather just go before another strange rumor gets started."

"Hah!" Charlie snorted a laugh. "It's probably too late for that. But let me know if you change
your mind."

"Sure thing," I grinned and looked over my shoulder as the doorbell rang. "That'll be Edward.
I'll be back in a little bit."
"Leave that," Charlie said, as soon as I moved to pick up my plate. "I can clean up around
here. Go, and please, don't hurt yourself again."

I scrunched up my nose in mild offense. "The candle was a freak accident. It wasn't my fault."

"Yeah, sure," he agreed unconvincingly.

I rolled my eyes and stalked to the front hall, sliding on my coat. "Later, chief!" I called and
stepped out into the chilly night, slamming the door close behind me. "Hey," I said, my smile
becoming the slightest bit subdued at the sight of Edward.

"Hey," he said just as softly, wrapping my hand in his and drawing my close. He pressed a
cold kiss to the top of my brow, where my baby hairs curled against my forehead. "How are
you?"

"I'm alright, all things considered," I smiled.

"Really?" He appeared doubtful.

I tugged on his hand, until he followed me down the porch steps and across the driveway. "I
had a good crying jag over the phone with Zee earlier, so yes, I'm doing relatively better."

Edward grimaced.

"Come on," I nudged him. "Don't you have a doctor's appointment to drive me to? I wouldn't
want to be late."

"You can't be late to our own house," he muttered, but opened the car door for me all the
same.

The drive to Edward's house was quiet.

I wasn't sure what to say. Mostly, because he was right to be skeptical.

We were still on the highway, when I finally asked, "Which is the part that bothers you the
most?"

Edward blew out a small sigh, fingers flexing against the steering wheel. "It's…knowing that
I can't truly protect you. Not when fate itself is working against us. Against you."

"Oh. Yeah," I agreed with a humorless laugh. "Yeah. That's been difficult to swallow."

"…Do you regret it? Do you regret me?"

"What?" I shot him a startled look. "No, of course not. Do you?"

Edward's features twisted into a strange expression. "Don't be absurd."

"You started it," I teased. "But believe me, I don't regret you, any of you. And I don't truly
believe that fate is against us. I suppose that messing with the order of things has its
consequences."

"What? Like the world is trying to hit the reset button every time you divert from its intended
path?"

"Something like that," I shrugged helplessly. "I don't know much about this any more than
you do."

"No, no, I agree," Edward said. "Alice has had a similar experience."

"How so?"

"As you know, her gift allows her to see flashes of possible futures. Every vision she sees is
dependent upon one decision, and because of that, her sight is generally limited to the
immediate future," he explained. "But, she saw Jasper, she saw us, decades ahead of time.
Being with Jasper, being a Cullen, that was always set into stone. It was a future that was
always meant to happen."

"Yes," I said, vaguely recalling the details. "That makes sense. Like, the small, in-between
choices are negligible, because they will all inevitably lead to the same future."

"Yes, exactly that," he agreed.

I huffed. "Well, that certainly doesn't fill me with much confidence. I was trying to avoid
most of the shit the future had in store for me. Not change it, just to turn around and get the
middle finger."

"I expect none of us could have foreseen that," Edward smiled. And then, he wondered, "Do
you regret it? Going off script?"

I thought about Leah, and how she was taking charge of her future, becoming friends with the
boys years before they would split off into their own pack. I thought about Irina, carefree and
happy, knowing that Laurent would never be a stain in her memory. I thought about how
Jasper had maintained control, how he'd protected me against his own brother and sister.

"No," I said. "I don't."

Finally, we turned into the hidden, unpaved road that would take us to the white mansion.

Inside the house, Edward lead me up to the second floor landing, and down the hall to
Carlisle's office.

"Isabella," he greeted me, as soon as we entered, rising from the leather chair behind his desk
and making his way around, towards us. "How are you feeling?"

"Better than yesterday," I assured him.

"I'm so glad," Carlisle smiled gently, and gestured for us to follow him. "Come, I've set up
everything we need, in here."
We walked through an arched entryway that lead into a much larger, adjoining room, similar
to his office. Bookshelves, reaching all the way to the crown molding, were embedded across
every wall, leaving room in between for only a couple of ceiling-to-floor length windows.

Across from the fireplace was a low table and brown leather sofa. On the table, a pile of
books had been pushed aside to make space for the medical supplies neatly spread across it.

"Take a seat," Carlisle said, gesturing towards the chesterfield couch.

Once I removed my coat and sat as directed, Carlisle kneeled beside me on my right side,
snapping on a pair of gloves, before using one hand to elevate my arm.

I made the mistake of watching as he pulled off the tape and peeled away the gauze
underneath.

It was a gruesome image.

It wasn't a single cut that had severed my forearm, like I had assumed, but multiple, long cuts
had been stitched up across my skin. And in between, the skin shone bright red, blistering
grossly in some areas.

"Second degree burns," Carlisle said, briefly meeting my perturbed gaze. "I imagine you
might not have noticed them, when I first treated you. They'll take a smidge longer to heal
than the lacerations, unfortunately."

"How much longer?" I asked, wincing as he began to gently wipe down my arm with some
sort of antibacterial solution.

"Going by the damage, I predict they'll heal in about two weeks," he said.

Edward squeezed my left hand in assurance, from where he sat on my other side.

"That's not too bad," I said, trying to remain optimistic. I'd never even broken so much as a
finger, let alone been victim to so many grotesque lacerations. I wasn't totally sure what the
right attitude was, but assuming I would face something much worse down the line, I figured
this would be a walk in the park. "Will you need to change my bandages every night?"

"Yes, it's important to prevent an infection from setting in," Carlisle explained, spreading a
cool, antibiotic cream along my scalded red skin. "But it's a quick process."

He then pressed fresh gauze across the length of my forearm, before taping it firmly in place.
"There. All done," he smiled.

"Thank you," I said, as Edward helped pull me to my feet.

"I'll take you home," Edward said, slinging my coat across one arm.

"Wait," I said, ignoring his tug on my hand and remaining in place.
"Is everything alright?" Carlisle asked, rising to his feet alongside me as he peeled off his
gloves.

"Yes. I wanted to know if the Denali's had already made their departure?"

"They left earlier today, after Peter and Charlotte. You don't have to worry about that,"
Edward reassured me.

"That's not why I'm asking," I said, flashing him a quick smile, before turning back to
Carlisle. "If you were still curious about my past, I'm open to discussing it, whenever you'd
like."

Carlisle's expression visibly brightened. "If you're comfortable with it, I would love to know
more."

I ignored any trepidation I felt in my chest. I was on a countdown. There wouldn't be another
chance. Whether that was on account of my potential death or memory loss due to the venom,
was still up for debate.

And Zee was right. I couldn't heal from this on my own. I needed to talk about this, no matter
the pain.

"Just say when."

"I'll be sure to," Carlisle agreed. "In the meantime, return home and get some rest. You have
school in the morning."

"Yes, doc. Goodnight!" I called, following behind Edward as he tugged me along.

"Goodnight, Isabella."

It was as we were descending the last few steps of the staircase, that we saw Esme enter the
house, decked out in business attire.

"Esme!" I called, with a wave of my hand.

"I was hoping to run into you," Esme said sweetly, gently drawing me into a hug at the foot
of the staircase.

"Where've you been?" I asked, pulling back.

"Oh, I've been in Calgary all day," she explained, as Edward pulled her into another, short
embrace. "I was overseeing the construction for our new home. It's coming along
spectacularly," she said, gesturing for us to follow her into the kitchen.

"That's amazing," I grinned. "How long will it be, before it's done?"

"At the rate we're going, it should be about another two months."

The peculiar timing of completion for the house was not lost on me.
  "Are those for me?" I grinned, when my eyes landed on the vase that sat on the kitchen
  island, bursting with familiar red, white, and gold flowers.

  "From Alice," Edward said. "You're lucky I persuaded her not to flood your room with a
  million more flower arrangements."

  I laughed. "That would be just like her."

  "And this, of course."

  From behind the vase, Edward lifted Kate's white flower wreath, and gently placed it on my
  crown.

  "Of course," I repeated, cheeks flushing pink.

  "And this," Esme added, returning with a glass tray balanced on a pedestal, upon which lay a
  freshly frosted cake. "The one from the wedding did not make it, unfortunately. But I baked
  you another one."

  My eyes lit up. "Thank you, Esme! You didn't have to."

  "I wanted to," she said, setting the cake stand beside the flowers, and pressing a brief kiss to
  my brow. "And let me know if you need anything else, sweetheart."

  "I will," I smiled, and then met Edward's soft gaze. "Time to go?"

  He gently swiped his thumb across the apple of my cheek. "Yes," he said reluctantly. "It's
  time to go."



Chapter End Notes



    Hopefully this chapter was a nice breather from the drama :)

    Also, I wanted to thank everyone who is still supporting this story! I would've lost
    interest long ago if it weren't for all the lovely reviews from readers who continue to
    support me. I appreciate you all so much! :)

    Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Let me know your thoughts!
                      Chapter 42: The Monster Club of Monsters
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Tuesday was yet another rare sunny day in Forks, which meant I trundled along in the old,
   red truck by my lonesome. It was rather dull and normal, and it made the past weekend feel
   hazy, almost dream-like.

   I hadn't made it beyond the parking lot, when Jessica was flagging me down and dragging me
   over to one of the picnic tables near the cafeteria.

   "You have to tell me everything," she said with a dopey smile, sliding onto the bench across
   from me.

   I blinked. "You mean the wedding?"

   "Duh! What else would I be talking about?" Jessica grinned.

   "Right. Speaking of which," I remembered, reaching inside of my backpack and withdrawing
   a tupperware container. "Cake. Just as promised."

   "Yay!" she squealed, snatching the container from my grasp, popping off the lid, and
   grabbing the disposable fork I'd included. "Oh my gosh!" she mumbled around a mouthful.
   "That's delicious! Please tell me you have more at home!"

   I laughed. "Yeah, I might be able to bring you another slice. Provided the chief doesn't beat
   you to it."

   "Do you think he'd arrest me if I challenged him over cake rights?"

   "Seeing as that's not illegal, I imagine not."

   Jessica hummed around another bite of cake. "Was it as romantic as we'd hoped?"

   "Yeah," I smiled wistfully, recalling the magic of the wedding ceremony, before it had been
   tainted by blood and water. "It was all that and more. I wish you could've seen it."

   "Aww, me too," she pouted. "Also, I was going to ask if you wanted to go shopping with me
   after school today."

   My eyebrows shot up. "Shopping? What on earth for?"

   Jessica set her fork down with a scowl. "Oh, it is so like you to forget! Did you even ask
   Edward?"

   "Ask him what?" I huffed, trying not to roll my eyes, lest Jessica grow any more incensed
   with me.
Jess made a sound of frustration. "Isabella!" she whined. "Sadie Hawkins is this Saturday!
You mean to tell me you really haven't asked Edward?!"

"Wait, what?! It's this Saturday?!" I gaped. Where had the time gone?

Suddenly, my thoughts were besieged by a host of memories―Bella going to Port Angeles,
dress shopping, book hunting, and then nearly being raped.

I shuddered, growing pale with horror.

"Actually," I said, before Jessica could explode into another lecture. "Can we go tomorrow?
I'd like to invite Alice."

There's no way I'd ever be returning to Port Angeles without backup. Once had been bad
enough.

Plus, Alice would kill me if she discovered I'd planned a shopping trip without including her.

Jessica paused, looking stunned. "Um, yeah no big, we can wait until tomorrow."

"Perfect," I grinned, pushing myself to my feet in time for the bell ring. "Sounds like a plan!"

"Wait!" Jessica said, popping the lid back onto the tupperware container and jumping up.
"There's something else you have to do first!"

I turned back around. "What's that?"

Jessica's face split into a toothy grin. "You have to ask Edward to the dance!"


After a full school day, in which Jessica came up with a list of cute ideas on how to ask
Edward to the dance, a fight that broke out over cake, and being mercifully excused from
gym on account of my injury, I began the long drive over to La Push.

Although it'd only been three days since I'd last seen Leah, it felt like a lifetime.

There were still so many things I hadn't shared with them, and I wondered if I was doing the
right thing. With Leah, it had been so easy to see she'd been wronged and to do something
about it. But I was becoming more entrenched in tribal secrets, and when the elders
inevitably discovered my involvement, I imagined they would despise the idea of an outsider
having a say in any of it.

And while I had avoided being cornered by Billy for this long, I knew sooner or later, I would
have to face him. He wasn't totally wrong to be concerned. Unfortunately, I was sure that
whatever malice the future held for me, he would likely condemn the Cullens. I doubted there
was anything I could say or do to circumvent that.

My thoughts spiraled down a rabbit hole of unease as I drove through the winding
neighborhood. Once I reached Leah's house, I slowed the truck to a shuddering stop.
I'd barely pushed open the driver door when I saw Leah jogging across the mossy lawn.
"Isabella! Finally!"

"I literally just got out of school," I reminded her, jumping out of the truck and slamming the
door shut behind me.

"Oh," she said, wrinkling her nose as she ground to a halt by my side. "I forgot Forks High
gets out later than us. Come on," she said, walking back the way I'd driven. "We're meeting
up in Jacob's garage."

I fell into step with her, as we walked alongside the neighborhood road. "Are you sure you
want to go through with this?"

"Of course!" Leah said, shooting me a sharp look. "I'm not making the same mistakes as
those old codgers. He deserves to know. But…you know I can't do this without you."

"What makes you think they'll take me at my word?"

Leah scoffed loudly. "Are you fucking kidding me? Those idiots practically worship the
ground you walk on!"

I cracked a grin. "I think you're exaggerating."

"Maybe," she shrugged. "But Jacob's puppy dog eyes haven't lost their shine and the novelty
of being Quil's cousin hasn't quite worn off yet."

"Let's hope that's enough," I said with a nervous laugh. "I'm quite tired of having to be the
bearer of bad news."

"No kidding," Leah snorted, features soft with understanding. "But someone has to be. And
you haven't been shot down so far, so you must be doing something right."

"Maybe," I reluctantly agreed. "I know it's the right thing to do, but it's not easy."

"It isn't. But I don't take you for a coward, Swan."

"Thanks," I said, feeling oddly surprised. Leah didn't strike me as the type to readily hand out
compliments, so I took her at her word, even though I didn't feel particularly brave. "You're
pretty fearless yourself. How's everything going on your end?"

Leah snorted, gesturing for me to follow her across the road and through the forest. "As well
as can be expected, I guess."

"Meaning?"

"Meaning, my parents think I'm insane for throwing out all of their alcohol and the book I'm
reading on managing my anger is such bullshit," she groused, kicking a fallen branch out of
our path. "It keeps suggesting garbage like 'think before you speak' and 'forgiveness is
essential.' Like, how are people supposed to know they fucked up if I can't even say what I'm
thinking?! And I'm supposed to spare their feelings or something? Like I said, bullshit."
"You do realize, you can be honest without losing your temper," I pointed out as I carefully
stepped over a wet, thorny bush.

She shot me a disgruntled look. "I guess. I feel like it loses its effectiveness though."

"I'm sure some people deserve the full force of your anger," I agreed. "But with the direction
things are headed in, you can't allow yourself the freedom of expressing that anger whenever
you want. Not unless you want to quicken the shift."

"Yeah, yeah," she grumbled. "I get it. I'm not an idiot. Doesn't mean I have to like it though."

"No, it doesn't," I sighed. "You threw out your parents' alcohol? What's that about?"

Leah turned to me with a feral grin. "They just about lost their shit. Threw out a bunch of
junk food too and told my dad he could have it all back once he's no longer on the verge of
having a heart attack."

I blew out a low whistle. "Gee, I can see why they wouldn't take that well."

"My mom pissed me off though," she said, stomping hard enough to splash mud on my boots.
"She knew I was right, but refused to side with me. Said I was taking things to the extreme.
But I don't give a shit. They don't know what I know."

"True. But, keep in mind that if your dad doesn't want to be helped, you can't force him," I
reminded her gently.

Leah shrugged, appearing unconcerned. "Once your little vampire clan leaves, he can finally
go to the doctors and get a clue. It's been way too long since he last got a check-up, and I can
only assume his health has worsened since then."

I stumbled to a stop. "What?"

Leah turned around, eyeing me curiously. "What is it?"

"What do you mean the Cullens are leaving?"

Leah's eyebrows arched high. "You mean you didn't know? The doctor said he'd already put
in his notice and promised me they'd be out of our hair by June."

I shook my head. "I knew they were making preparations for a new house, but I didn't realize
they'd already set a date to leave."

"That's fucked up. Aren't you supposed to be his son's girlfriend? How has this not come up?"
she demanded.

I frowned in thought. Taking Alice's vision into account, I supposed it made sense that they
would prepare in this way. Their departure couldn't bring suspicion upon them, if it were
announced months before my 'disappearance.'
No wonder Esme was doing a rush job on the construction of the house. Whether I survived
or not, they would be leaving regardless.

"It's fine," I waved her off. "Like I said, I already knew they were getting the new house
ready. Besides, since when have you been friends with Carlisle?"

"Oh, that," she said as she moved to pick her way through the damp brush. I hurried after her.
"Remember, I told you I was going to talk to someone at the hospital regarding my dad's
health."

"Yeah," I said, eyes narrowing. "But I didn't think you'd be interested in talking to the one
doctor who's a vampire."

"Look, Swan," she said, shooting me a look over her shoulder. "I don't care that being near
their kind is quickening the inevitable. I understand the risks and I've accepted the probable
consequences. But keeping my nose out of it won't do me any good, especially when the
elders refuse to step up. I need to see this through."

"Of course, I understand," I sighed. "I guess I just assumed that with Sam's involvement,
you'd want nothing to do with any of this."

Leah barked a sharp, bitter laugh. "Trust me, I don't. But someone has to call them out on
their bullshit."

I nodded in agreement. "True. How much further is it?"

"Just through here," she said, ducking under a low hanging branch, and pointing towards the
tall, wide shed nestled in between a grove of trees some distance away.

"The guys are there already?" I asked, falling back into step beside her.

"They said they would be," she shrugged. "Come on, let's see what those idiots are up to."

She lengthened her steps and I hurried to catch up.

When we walked inside, it was to find Quil and Embry scribbling across a tall, rolling
blackboard, while Jacob was sprawled across the couch with what looked like a thermometer
sticking out of his mouth.

"What the hell. Where did you guys get that?!" Leah demanded, gesturing towards the
blackboard.

"Isabella!" Quil grinned, tossing aside a stick of chalk and hurrying over to pull me into a
bear hug.

"Hey Quil," I said, patting his back before gently pushing him off.

"We borrowed it from one of the classrooms," Embry explained to Leah with a sheepish
smile.
"Borrowed it? Yeah right," she scoffed. "What is all that?"

I followed her to get a closer look as well, Quil at my heels.

Many of the white scribbles were crossed out, and it was such a mess, it was hard to make
sense of it.

"We're trying to come up with a name," Jacob suddenly chimed in, joining us while eyeing
the numbers on the thermometer. "Damn, no change."

"Are you sick?" I asked him.

"Nah," Leah answered on his behalf, eyes still glued to the board. "They're just checking for
werewolf symptoms."

"Huh. Little early for that."

"Try telling them that," she snorted, and then read off the blackboard, "'The Furbidden Club?'
What the fuck?"

"I came up with that one," Embry piped up with a sudden grin. "You know, like Fight Club.
But not."

"Very punny," I said.

"Thanks!"

"Pretty sure that wasn't a compliment," Quil cut in.

"Oh please," Embry scowled. "Like 'Unawarewolves' is any better. It just makes us sound like
idiots."

"I thought it was funny," Quil pouted.

"It's not," Leah told him flatly.

"You should see some of the other shit he came up with," Jacob snickered, and pointed to one
of the names that'd been scratched out.

I squinted my eyes and read, "'Fursonas Anonymous?' Really Quil?"

"I was kidding!" he said, holding his hands up.

"Sure."

Quil glared at Jacob. "Like 'Halloween Rejects' is any more flattering."

"That one actually isn't too bad," Leah said with a thoughtful look.

"Hah!" Jacob grinned triumphantly. "I also came up with Fureign Legion."
"No puns," Leah said with a glower.

Jacob rolled his eyes. "Whatever."

"Which one do you like, Isabella?" Embry asked, turning to me with hopeful eyes.

I shrugged. "No werewolf gene, no opinion."

"What?! No way!" Quil protested. "You're totally a part of this!"

"I guess we got a little carried away with the werewolf references," Jacob grinned. "We'll
come up with something a little more inclusive."

"Um, that's really not necessary," I laughed.

"It totally is," Embry said and tossed me a piece of chalk. "I don't have the werewolf gene
either, so feel free to write some ideas down!"

I rolled the chalk across my palm before setting it down on the blackboard. "Maybe later. I
wanted to have a chat with you all first."

The guys exchanged looks.

"You sound serious," Embry said.

"That's because it is serious," Leah said, moving to fall back onto the couch. "Haven't you
guys ever wondered why Isabella knows about our tribe's secrets?"

"We did speculate," Jacob admitted, leaning against the side of his partially built car. "We just
assumed Isabella helped you figure everything out. Is that not it?"

"Kind of," I admitted and took the other spot on the couch beside Leah, folding my legs
underneath me. "I did help her figure it out, but not because we were conspiring together. I
already knew about all of it."

"Wait, how?" Quil demanded, brow furrowing. "I know we're cousins, but you didn't grow up
around our legends. And even then, why would you think they're true?"

"Because," Leah grinned toothily. "Isabella here isn't a werewolf or a vampire. She's not even
a mermaid. She's a mutant."

Instantly, the boys erupted into a cacophony of loud questions and shrill sounds of glee.

"The X-Men are REAL?!"

"What's your superpower? Please tell me you can shoot lightning out of your hands!"

"Are you here to recruit us?! Because the answer is YES! A thousand times yes!"

"What's your hero name? I bet it's something badass!"
I turned to Leah with a mean scowl, tuning out the rest of their nonsensical demands.

"Seriously?" I said.

Leah snickered and then turned to shout, "HEY!" Once silence reigned, she said, "If you
three would shut the hell up, maybe Isabella could actually answer your dumbass questions."

"They're not dumb," Quil grumbled.

I heaved a loud sigh. "No, the X-Men aren't real. No, I can't shoot lightning out of my hands.
No, I'm not here to recruit you. No, I don't have a hero name, because I'm not a hero. And I
wouldn't exactly call myself a mutant, but I suppose it's not entirely inaccurate."

"Damn, that stinks," Embry muttered.

"Not entirely inaccurate?" Jacob repeated, still looking strangely excited. "What does that
mean?"

"My 'powers' are not as interesting as you guys are probably imagining," I admitted with a
rueful smile. "But one of them is that I tend to know things that I shouldn't. I knew about the
Cullens being vampires, before I ever spoke a word to them. And I knew about the Quileute
wolf shifters before I even visited the reservation. So when Leah told me about what had
happened with Sam, I felt that she deserved to know the truth. And she in turn, felt that you
all deserved to know the truth."

"Whoa," Quil said, wide-eyed. "Is that true, Leah?"

She rolled her eyes. "Yeah, yeah. No need to go all soft on me, Quil."

"That was really cool of you, Leah," Embry grinned.

"I didn't think she had a sweet bone in her body," Jacob snickered.

Leah glared. "Please. Spare me the sentiment."

Above Quil's muffled laughter, Embry said, "Still, superpowers? That's hella cool! You're like
a little fortune cookie!"

Leah guffawed suddenly. "Fortune cookie? I'm gonna have to remember that one!"

"Why don't we get back on track?" I suggested with a small huff.

"Right," Leah agreed, quickly sobering and sweeping her gaze between Embry and I, before
announcing, "Anyway, now that we're all aware of little Miss Know-it-all, it's time to lay
down the facts."

"Which are?" Jacob prodded.

At Leah's gesture, I turned to Embry and said, "You were wrong, about what you said before.
I don't know who your dad is, Embry, but I do know that you carry the werewolf gene. You're
one of the next in line to shift."

Embry froze.

"What?!" Quil exclaimed, features lighting up in excitement. "That's wicked! Now we all get
to be werewolves! Hell yeah!"

"Dumbass," Jacob glared at him. "It means one of us is his brother."

"Oh. Well…you can be mine," Quil shrugged nonchalantly and tossed an arm around
Embry's shoulders. "My old man is dead, so it's not like he's around to defend himself. Just
don't tell my mom I said that."

Jacob looked ready to protest, but shut his mouth with a click of his teeth.

I supposed, if I were him, I wouldn't want to implicate my dad of committing adultery either.

"Thanks," Embry said, almost shy.

"Great!" Leah clapped her hands. "Now that that's settled, what the hell are we supposed to
do with all of that?" she demanded, gesturing towards the blackboard.

Jacob hopped to his feet and joined Quil and Embry by the board, snatching up the chalk
stick. "Nothing else to it. We gotta name our little club. That way, it's official."

"Nerds," Leah scoffed. "Better be something good."

I grinned. "You guys got a chalkboard eraser? I think it's time to come up with a new list."

"I like the way you think," Jacob agreed, tossing the eraser my way. "Got any ideas?"

"Hmm, maybe one or two," I said, pushing myself to my feet. "Come on Leah, I'll need your
help."

"Fine," she bit out, and got up to follow after me.

There was plenty of bickering and plain awful ideas to go around, as my large, looping
handwriting filled the blackboard. But over the following hour, Embry grew more relaxed,
until he was his chipper self once more.

In the end we settled on The Monster Club of Monsters. I had to get my Harry Potter
references in there somewhere. My initial suggestion of: Therapy for our Furry Little
Problems had been shot down. And Leah's idea of: We're Truly Fucked Society (WTF
Society for short) had been vetoed by Quil and I on account of it being too pessimistic.

"Sorry, guys," I said, checking the time on my flip phone. "I have to meet up with Jess in a
bit, so I have to go. But let's do this again soon!"

"Totally! You're welcomed in Jacob's garage at any time!" Quil exclaimed.
I laughed. "Thanks."

"Come on, I'll walk you back to your car," Leah said, grasping me by the sleeve of my coat
before I could be tackled into any more hugs.

"Alright, bye guys," I called, careening after Leah as she dragged me away.

"Bye Isabella!"

"See you later!"

"What did I tell you?" Leah said, as soon as we were some distance away and traipsing
through the forest again. "See? They totally took you at your word."

"Did you really have to make all that fuss by calling me a mutant though?" I huffed a small
laugh.

"Worse than being idiots, they're total nerds," she snorted. "I figured it was the easiest way to
explain it."

"Glad you were so well prepared."

She eyed my deadpan expression with barely concealed laughter. "Don't get so bent out of
shape, Swan. Race you back to my house?"

"Wha―Leah! Wait up!"


No need to pick me up this morning! Meet me in front of the cafeteria?

Edward's text came near instantly.

Alice already warned me. Is everything alright?

I grinned. I knew it wouldn't be much of a surprise, but it was nice that Alice was at least
trying to prolong the suspense. Even if the game would be over as soon as Edward was
within range of Jessica's thoughts.

Yep! See you soon :)

I met up with Jess earlier than usual, just underneath the cafeteria awning to avoid the gentle
drizzle.

"We have everything?" I checked, pushing back my hood and shaking out my hair from
where it was tucked inside of my coat.

"Yeah, I got here just before it started raining, so it's not ruined," Jess reassured me, lifting up
the white poster board in her arms.
Her eyes glittered with anticipation, peeking just above the streaks of green, lavender, and
yellow.

We'd borrowed supplies from the art room and spent all afternoon coming up with a design.
Ultimately, I'd chosen to paint the flowers from the meadow and Jessica found out all about
our secret spot.

"Thank you, Jess! I couldn't have done this without you!"

"What else are best friends for?" she beamed. "When is he coming?"

"Soon, I expect. I trust Alice to make sure of it."

"Okay, then we better set this up quick," she decided, glancing around her, before moving to
balance the poster board on one of the benches, propping it up against the table behind it.
"That good?"

"Looks fine to me," I said.

"Where did you get those flowers?!" she demanded once she turned, eyes landing on the
bouquet in my hands.

"I found a patch of wildflowers near my house," I explained, holding up the mass of brightly
colored flowers. I'd wrapped them with light gold tissue paper and tied them off in a thin
white ribbon I'd taken from a box of old craft supplies I'd found in Bella's room. I assumed it
had been a gift from Renée that she'd never bothered using. "What do you think?"

"They're so pretty!" she said, but then frowned. "But…do boys even like flowers?"

"Of course boys like flowers, Jess," I assured her.

"If you say so," she shrugged, not appearing totally convinced. "Ooh! Here he comes!"

I quickly turned and caught sight of Alice dragging Edward around the corner of the lot and
up the walkway leading to the cafeteria. His hair was dark and slick with rainwater and he
wore an exasperated expression as Alice talked at him, appearing on the verge of laughter.

My heart burst with affection at the sight of him.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Jess hurrying to back away, and I remembered to move
and stand beside the poster board.

As soon as he was near enough, just shy of the awning, I called, "Edward!"

His head shot up, bright eyes meeting mine, before his gaze fell down to the flowers in my
hand, and then over to the board propped up beside me.

In neat lettering, just above the flowers, I'd written: Will you be my date to Sadie Hawkins?

"Well?" I asked, when he didn't immediately respond.
  And then, his face broke out into a breathtakingly pleased smile. "Yes, I would be most
  honored."



Chapter End Notes



    Hey, I just noticed we hit over 3k subs for this story! THANK YOU SO MUCH
    EVERYONE!! :)

    Also, keep in mind that we’ll be boarding the canon train again for the next three or four
    chapters! Let me know your thoughts on the chapter please! :)
                Chapter 43: Get in, Loser, We’re Going Shopping
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Despite the last minute plans I'd made with Jessica to go dress-shopping, everyone else was
   immediately on board. I'd been fully prepared for Alice's enthusiastic agreement, but what I
   hadn't expected, was for Rosalie to accept my invitation, and then for Edward and his
   brothers to chime in that they'd also be tailing us.

   "Isn't this going a little overboard?" I asked, when Edward met me outside of the gym after
   school. Above us, the skies remained a dark, ominous gray, though the rain had let up
   momentarily.

   "Tell me," he said, eyes suddenly grim as he tilted his head down to meet my gaze. "How did
   this go the first time around?"

   I grimaced. "I'm nearly assaulted by a group of men," I confessed honestly, tightening my
   grip on his hand. "And then you find me, before anything awful can happen."

   Edward nodded, not appearing the least bit surprised, though his expression was near
   thunderous. "I know Alice and Rosalie are perfectly capable of protecting you from human
   scum," he assured me. "But we're working within the realm of the unknown here. Alice's
   visions of this afternoon are clear, but that doesn't mean they'll necessarily stay that way. I'd
   rather be nearby, in case that changes. Jasper and Emmett are of a similar mind."

   "I get it. Better safe than sorry."

   "Exactly," he said, expression relaxing by the slightest degree. "If everything goes as planned,
   you won't even see me."

   I nodded, but when I didn't say anything, he pressed a cool palm against my cheek, eyes
   pleading. "You must understand what it would do to me, if something were to happen to
   you."

   I frowned. "You're not going to lose me," I said firmly, with all the determination that I could
   muster. "If we're going to get through this without losing hope, you must hold on to that
   promise."

   For a moment, Edward didn't say anything. But I could see the way the resolve slowly
   cemented in the light of his eyes.

   He drew me into a tight, lingering hug.

   "I'll see you tomorrow?" he mumbled against the top of my head.

   "Yes, you can pick me up this time," I teased, pulling away with a smile.
He leaned down and dropped a brief kiss against my cheek. "I look forward to it."

In the parking lot, Edward and I reluctantly parted ways.

"Hey!" Jessica called as soon as she caught sight of me. She and Angela were waiting near
her car. "Are you ready to go?"

"Yeah," I said, once I reached their side. "Do you guys mind if we take Rosalie's car though?"

They exchanged a startled glance. "Rosalie?" Jessica asked. "I thought you were only inviting
Alice."

"Oh. I guess I did say that. I just didn't think Rosalie would want to come," I admitted with a
helpless shrug. "I hope you don't mind."

"Of course not!" Angela was quick to reassure me. "I'm sure we'll have a great time!"

Although Jessica didn't appear convinced, she nodded in agreement.

"Right," I said, flickering my gaze between them, before adjusting my grip on the strap of my
backpack and gesturing for them to follow me. "Let's go then."

That was how the five of us ended up inside of Rosalie's apple red convertible, speeding
through the highway, on our way to Port Angeles. (Fortunately, the roof was pulled over to
avoid any sporadic rain.)

In the backseat, Jessica and Angela sat on either side of me, shifting nervously. I refrained
from sighing. Despite having made introductions between the four of them, Jess and Angela
seemed doubtful about the whole setup. Not that I could blame them for feeling that way, but
I wasn't willing to jeopardize our safety for the sake of their comfort.

Finally, Alice twisted around, peeking over the side of the front passenger seat. "So! I was
flirting with the idea of wearing a jumpsuit for the dance, instead of a dress. What do you
think?"

To my relief, Jessica actually responded. "You guys are really going to the dance?" she asked.

"Of course!" Alice grinned. "There's no way we're missing out on this one. Are you girls
excited?"

Somehow, that did the trick.

"We are," Angela smiled shyly. "It's my first one with Ben."

"Oh my gosh, it is!" Jessica gasped. "You guys have been together for nearly a month now!"

"It'll be a month on Monday," Angela's smile widened, her eyes crinkling.

"That's even better!" I chimed in. "You get to celebrate during spring break."
"That's right!" Jessica gasped again. "Oh my gosh! What are you guys planning?"

"I'm not sure yet," Angela admitted. "What did you and Mike do, Jess?"

Abruptly, Jessica's smile fell, her features twisting into a pained expression. "Our day kind of
got ruined…"

"What happened?" Alice asked, still kneeling in her seat and gazing at Jessica with wide,
curious eyes.

For a moment, Jessica appeared startled, as though she'd forgotten about Alice's presence.
"Oh, um, you weren't there Alice," she finally said. "But it was the day that we got detention
and Mr. Brown died…"

"Ouch, Jess! Talk about rotten luck," I grimaced sympathetically. "At least you got to spend
time with him at the beach the next day."

"That's true," she said with a fond smile. "I wasn't feeling the best, but he was so sweet!"

"That's wonderful, Jess," Angela beamed, and then shifted her gaze towards me. "What about
you and Edward, Isabella?"

"Oh, um," I said, thinking back to Monday. "Wasn't so great for us either, actually. I did see
him, but that's because he took me over to his dad's so he could check over my stitches and
change my bandages," I explained, gently patting my right arm, where the bandages were
hidden under the layers of my coat and long-sleeved shirt. The ache was dull, but ever
present.

At the very least, everyone had found the exploding candle story entertaining enough. So
much so, that Mrs. Donnelly, the chemistry teacher, had apparently done a whole lecture on
the chemical reaction between water and hot wax.

"Oh, I'm sorry," Angela frowned. "I guess my prospects aren't looking so good…"

"Well…at least there's the dance," Jessica said.

I rolled my eyes. "Very reassuring, Jess."

"What about you, Alice?" Jessica suddenly piped up. "Did you and Jasper do anything
special?"

Alice's bell-like laugh filled the small space. "Not exactly. I was getting Jasper to try a new
diet with me at the time, so he was rather irritable."

Jessica frowned. "A new diet?" she repeated, sounding unimpressed.

"Um, yeah!" Alice said, sounding slightly unsure. "Vegetarianism."

"Oh, interesting."
I elbowed her.

Jessica shot me a glare, but thankfully, Angela cut in.

"Port Angeles only has like one boutique. Do you think you'll find what you're looking for?"

"It is pretty limited," Alice briefly pouted. "I'd rather go to Seattle, but I'll make do. And I
already called ahead of time, so I have a very clear idea as to what their selection looks like!"

"Really? Do you think they'll have something long enough for me?" Angela wondered.
"Their knee-length dresses are always too short on me, and I don't want to wear a prom dress
to the spring dance…"

"Oh, Alice actually designs clothes for fun!" I grinned. "I bet she could totally rehem your
dress for you!"

"Wow! Really?"

"Totally!" Alice chirped. "Jeans and dresses are always way too long on me, so I'm totally ace
at hemming clothes! I could do that for you, if you need me to."

"Thank you, Alice. I'd really appreciate that," Angela smiled sweetly.

"We're here," Rosalie announced, speaking up for the first time since we'd left.

"Already?" Jessica cried. "How fast were you driving?!"

"I'd tell you, but then I'd have to kill you," Rosalie deadpanned as she smoothly pulled into
one of the parking spaces along the main street.

"Uh, right," Jess squeaked.

"She's kidding," I said.

"If you say so," she muttered.

"Come on," I said, sliding across the seat and stepping out of the car after Angela.

Once we'd all gathered on the walkway by the car, I looped my non-injured arm with Jess and
announced, "We're gonna grab something warm to drink real quick! We'll meet you inside the
boutique."

"Sounds good! Come on, Angela, let's see if they have anything length-appropriate already in
stock!"

"Uh, okay," Angela said as Alice grabbed her by the wrist and tugged her in the direction of
the boutique located a few stores down.

"I'll just wait for you out here," Rosalie said, leaning pointedly against the side of her
convertible.
"Sure!" I called back, dragging Jessica with me in the opposite direction, to the coffee shop
one store down. It wasn't very far, so I didn't think Rosalie's presence was necessary, but at
this point I wasn't willing to argue.

Inside, I ordered a hot chocolate for myself and two lattes.

It was as we were waiting for our drinks, that I finally turned to Jessica. "What's your deal
with Alice?" I asked without preamble.

"Oh. That," she frowned.

"Yes, that. Is there something I need to know?"

"Probably. But not from me," she huffed. "Don't you think her whole diet talk was
concerning? Like, I'd heard rumors about her being anorexic, but I'm pretty sure Lauren
started that one in a fit of petty jealousy. I didn't think they might actually be true!"

I blinked. "You're…worried about her."

"You're not?" she demanded.

"Alice isn't anorexic," I said.

"Oh. Then why was she talking about dieting? She's so thin!"

"She's not trying to lose weight," I explained. "She just cares about what goes into her body.
Which doesn't include genetically modified and disease riddled meat produced by the
American meat industry. Ergo, vegetarian."

"Ew!" she said, face twisting in disgust. "That explains why she barely touches her plate at
lunch."

"Yeah, their parents force them to buy lunch every day," I said with a shrug.

For someone who didn't like lying, I was becoming worryingly good at it.

"That makes sense, I guess," she said with a sigh. "Sorry for being so weird. I wanted to say
something, but I don't really know her like that."

"No, you don't," I agreed. "But I'm glad you were just concerned for her. I was worried it
might be something else."

Before Jessica could respond, my name was called by the barista.

"Wait," Jess said, as she picked up her and Angela's lattes. "What about Alice and Rosalie?"

"Alice is allergic to coffee and God knows what Rosalie likes. Unless you want to ask her?"

"No way," Jessica shook her head as we exited the coffee shop.

I laughed. "Thought so!"
"Isabella!" Rosalie called as we drew near to where she was still leaning against her BMW.
"Can I speak with you for a second?"

"Sure!" I said. "You go ahead, Jess. Pick out a dress for me?"

"Sure thing," she said, shooting Rosalie a curious look, before scurrying off, warm drinks in
hand.

"Sorry, should I have picked up a drink for you too?" I teased, coming to a stop beside
Rosalie and leaning against her car.

"Don't be absurd," she scoffed. "I just wanted to say thank you. You surprised me, standing
up for Alice like you did."

I raised an eyebrow. "Why? Because I didn't say something while we were in the car?"

"I would have."

"So why didn't you?"

"Because she's your friend, not mine. And she technically hadn't said anything problematic,
yet," Rosalie explained. "But if she'd kept up that nasty attitude, she would've definitely heard
it from me."

"It was just a misunderstanding," I reminded her.

"It usually isn't," she said with a shrug and pushed herself off of her car. "Come on. And a bit
of warning: Don't expect to try anything on. Alice has got it handled."

I frowned. "But trying on dresses is the best part!" I protested, falling into step with her.

"I know," she shot me a knowing smile. "And I agree. But we need to hurry this along. If we
don't time it right, your friends will want to grab dinner, and I for one, do not plan to choke
down any―what was it you called it? 'Genetically modified and disease riddled meat?'"

I scowled. "I came up with that story on the fly! Excuse me if it was a bit pretentious."

"No," she said, pausing just outside the boutique. "Actually, you did good."

"Oh, um, thank you."

"No need to look so surprised," she huffed, opening the door and leading me inside.

We found the girls in the back, by the fitting rooms.

"What do you think?" Alice grinned, gesturing towards Angela, who was admiring herself in
one of the floor-length mirrors.

She wore a pretty lilac dress made up of layers of tulle. It was off-the-shoulders and flared
out at the waist.
"Angie, you look stunning!" I grinned. The color looked lovely against her shiny, light brown
hair.

"Thank you, Isabella," she smiled shyly, tugging at the hem of the dress. "I just wish it was
longer."

Her 6'1" frame meant that the dress ended mid-thigh, rather than above the knees.

"Don't worry!" Alice assured her. "I have that exact shade of tulle at home, so I can definitely
make the adjustments for you!"

"Thanks, Alice!" Angela beamed. "I'm going to get changed then."

"Rosalie, I already have the perfect dress for you!" Alice said, turning to the blonde at my
side. "Here!"

"Thanks," Rosalie said, amused. "I'll go try it on."

Once she disappeared behind one of the curtained-off rooms, I turned back to Alice. "Did you
find your jumpsuit?"

"Yes," she said, picking up another hanger from the long ottoman bisecting the fitting room
area, and holding up a long black garment with thin straps and a V-shape neckline. "It's much
too long though, so I'll have to rehem it as well."

"That's to be expected," I laughed. "What did you find for me?"

Alice eagerly picked up a different hanger, displaying another dress.

It was form-fitting and a very pale yellow, almost off-white. The whole of the fabric glistened
brightly with sequins and the sleeves were long and poofy―perfect to conceal my bandages
without irritating them.

"It's perfect," I smiled. "I just wish I could try it on now!"

"Patience please!" Alice smirked. "It'll be best to wait until the day of!"

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, whatever you say."

"That's what I like to hear."

"Where's Jess?" I asked, lifting my cup and sipping my hot chocolate now that it'd cooled
down a bit.

"In here!" I heard her call from behind one of the curtains. "I'll be out in a sec!"

"Got it!"

I turned back to Alice and lowered my voice to a whisper. "How soon do we need to finish up
here?"
She followed my lead and murmured, "If we're not out of here within the hour, they'll start to
complain about being hungry."

"That's cutting it a bit close," I winced.

"Don't worry yourself about it," Alice reassured me, setting my dress back down. "I know
exactly what jewelry and which pairs of shoes to pick out for them."

"What do you think?"

I turned back around at the sound of Jessica's voice.

"You look amazing, Jess!" I grinned as she twirled in front of one of the mirrors.

She wore a pale pink halter-style dress, with silver-beaded designs across the top half, the
bottom half falling to her knees in layers of flowing, sheer pink fabric.

"Thanks!" she beamed. "Alice picked it out for me before I even had a chance to browse! It
was exactly what I was looking for!"

"Pink is definitely your color," Alice chimed in. "It brings out your eyes."

Her smile brightened. "Thank you!"

"Looks like we have a winner," I laughed.

"I agree, Jess," Angela said as she joined us, changed into her jeans and sweater, lilac dress
draped across one arm.

"Thanks, Ange!" Jessica said. "I'm really excited now! The dance is―wow! You're
gorgeous!" Jess suddenly cut herself short with a gasp, as Rosalie pulled back the curtain and
stepped out.

Alice had selected a pale, slate blue dress with a plunging neckline and an asymmetrical skirt,
short in the front, and falling down elegantly to the back of her calves. It had floral-patterned
lace climbing up to its thin straps, which tapered off at the top of her skirt.

"Thank you," Rosalie said with a pleased smile, pausing long enough to admire her
reflection. "I like it, Alice."

"I knew you would," Alice said with all the confidence of a natural born psychic.

"What about you, Isabella? Have you had a chance to look around?" Jessica asked, once
Rosalie returned to go change.

"This is the one for me," I said, picking up the radiantly sequined dress. "What do you
think?"

"I love it!" Angela gasped.
"It's so pretty!" Jessica said in agreement. "I can't wait to see you try it on!"

"You'll have to wait until Saturday for that," I said, setting the dress back down.

"What? Why?" she demanded.

"The painkillers are wearing off and I don't want to aggravate my injury by trying clothes
on," I lied with an apologetic expression.

"Aww, that's right! I forgot," Jessica grimaced.

"Don't worry about it. I needed to come out here to buy a dress regardless," I reassured her.

"Did you bring any more pain medication with you?" Angela asked worriedly, spreading her
dress beside mine and picking up her latte.

"She didn't," Alice cut in. "So we might have to hurry this along, if that's okay?"

"Duh! Let me go get changed," Jess said, hurrying back into her fitting room.

"I'm sorry, Isabella," Angela said. "We should've thought to ask before we left."

"Don't worry about it, Ange. I'll be fine," I assured her, pushing down a twinge of guilt.

"Come on," Alice said, suddenly tugging along Angela. "Why don't we start picking out your
shoes and jewelry now?"

"Oh, good idea," Angela agreed.

"I'll watch the dresses," I said, before they disappeared around a few racks, to the other corner
of the small store.

I sat down on the ottoman while I waited, sipping on my hot chocolate. Rosalie was the first
to step back out.

She draped her dress beside the others and took a seat next to me. "In all seriousness," she
said quietly. "How are you feeling?"

"I'm okay. The meds are starting to wear off a bit though," I admitted.

"When did you take your last dose?" she asked.

"At lunch."

Rosalie frowned. "You're due for another soon."

"I'll wait until we get back," I said. "I'd rather not get caught."

She rolled her eyes. "Your friends can be distracted easily enough."

I shook my head. "I'll wait."
"Your funeral," she huffed.

"Where did Angela and Alice go?" Jessica asked, pink dress in hand as she pushed aside the
curtain.

"They're looking at shoes," I said. "I'm just taking a break. I can watch your dress for you?"

"Yes," Jessica said, appearing remorseful. "I promise, Isabella, we'll be quick!"

"It's fine, go on."

She paused long to hand me her dress, before rushing off.

As soon as she disappeared, Rosalie cracked a small grin. "We'll have to take you on a real
shopping trip some time."

"Depends. Will Alice actually let us try on clothes?"

She laughed. "She will. And then turn around and say 'I told you so.' She's insufferable."

"I bet," I laughed with her. "I look forward to it."


When I got back to the house, it was to the smell of warm pizza and the sound of a strike out.

"Bella? You're home?" Charlie called from the living room, above the noise of the blaring
TV.

"Yep," I called back, dropping my backpack and hanging my coat.

"I thought you were supposed to go shopping in Port Angeles?"

"I did. We found everything we needed," I said, joining him in the living room and plopping
down the couch. "So it didn't take as long as we thought."

"Did you already have your banadages changed by Dr. Cullen?" he asked around a sip of his
beer.

I kicked off my boots. "I did. Did you get enough pizza for me too?"

"Of course, kiddo," he said, gesturing towards the pizza box. "I left you a slice."

"Only one?" I laughed, but when I leaned over to open the box, only two slices were missing.
I grabbed myself a paper plate and a slice of pepperoni.

"Oh, by the way, your friend Leah called," Charlie said. "Said something about a furry
emergency?"

"But I just saw her yesterday!" I whined. "…I'll go see what she wants."
  Reluctantly, I abandoned my plate of pizza on the coffee table and got up to pick up the
  phone in the kitchen.

  The phone had only rung once, when Leah answered.

  "I fucked up."

  Despite her admittance, she didn't sound particularly repentant.

  I sighed, thinking about my lone pizza slice. "What did you do now?"

  "…I may have goaded Paul to shifting in front of me. You know, for shits and giggles. But it
  sure as hell pissed some people off."

  I felt my face twist into an expression of horror. "Leah! What the hell!"

  "Anyway," she said. "The boys and I are being officially summoned by the council tomorrow."

  I massaged my temple in a feeble attempt to war off an oncoming headache. "I guess we're
  doing this shit. I'll see you tomorrow."



Chapter End Notes



    Yes, Leah really went there :)

    Be sure to comment! :)
                               Chapter 44: A Stupid Ass Decision
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   About an hour after my disastrous phone call with Leah, I was nearly ready for bed when I
   heard a series of rapid knocks against my window.

   Quickly, I shut my door, before crossing the room and pulling back the curtain.

   "What the hell, Edward?" I hissed, sliding the window open and ushering him inside before
   he was seen by one of the neighbors. As soon as I'd closed the window and slid the curtains
   back into place, I turned around and was met with Edward's frantic expression.

   "What's wrong?" I asked, face instantly softening as I stepped close and took one of his hands
   in mine.

   "Apologies for the intrusion," he said hurriedly. "You weren't answering your cellphone and I
   couldn't wait."

   "Wait for what?" I asked, head craned back to meet his fraught gaze.

   "Tomorrow, your future vanishes," he said, voice tense. "It's only for an hour, but it's the
   exact same as your approaching future. How…?"

   "Tomorrow?" I repeated, with a frown. "…Oh."

   Edward squeezed my hand. "You know what happens tomorrow."

   "I got off the phone with Leah, not too long ago," I explained. "I'm not sure about everything
   that went down, but Leah incited one of the wolves into shifting in front of her. The council
   wants to speak with her, and since Sam is technically a part of the council, I assume he'll be
   in attendance. Alice is blind to the werewolves, so that's likely the cause."

   Edward didn't relax at my admission. "But why are you attending?"

   "My confrontation with Billy has been a long time coming," I confessed. "According to Leah,
   Billy is already aware that the guys know. Jacob easily fessed up, and none of them will
   allow her to face the council on her own. Billy technically doesn't have any proof that I know
   anything about the wolves, but Leah said he strongly suspects."

   "Why prove his suspicions right?" Edward demanded.

   "Because it's inevitable," I said. "One way or another, Billy does plan to confront me about
   my relationship with you. I can't avoid him forever. This way, I can at least do it on my own
   terms."

   Edward frowned. "You're not telling me everything."
I sighed, and tugged him over, until we were sitting at the foot of my bed. "Kind of," I told
him. "Leah won't say so, but when I was talking to her, I got the sense that she wanted me
there. She's confronting the elders, her father, and Sam all at once. Even if she won't say, I
know she needs the support."

"I don't like this," Edward murmured.

I tilted my head in question. "Why? As you said, I only disappear for an hour. I won't be gone
for long."

"You vanish from Alice's vision," Edward repeated, voice strained. "How do you know it's
not the werewolves who will hurt you?"

"I've thought of that," I admitted quietly. "But I don't believe that to be the case. What Alice
sees is a premeditated decision. And she saw it before Billy knew about our relationship.
There's no reason the pack would have had it out for me then. Or even now, when I'm still
only human."

"I see."

"Do you disagree?"

"No. I'm merely frustrated," Edward heaved a sharp sigh. "…I'm sorry, I'll let you get some
rest."

"Do you want to stay?"

For a moment, Edward stared at me, bewildered. "What?"

"You heard me," I teased. "Don't get any ideas though. As soon as I take my sleeping
medication, I'll be out like a light."

Edward didn't smile. "Are you sure?"

"Why wouldn't I be?"

"I know you guard your privacy closely," he said. "I don't wish to intrude."

"I won't force you," I said carefully. "But I would like you to stay."

For a long moment, Edward's eyes flitted over my expression, as though searching for
anything that would contradict my words.

When he found no such thing, his features relaxed and his eyes warmed. "I would like that as
well."

"Perfect," I smiled and moved over to my closet. "Let me set up the heated blanket!"

"I can do that," Edward offered.
"Um, okay, I'll just go brush my teeth real quick," I decided and filed out of the room, being
careful to shut the door behind me.

Downstairs, the TV continued to blare.

That's a relief. We weren't exactly being sneaky.

After I used the bathroom and washed my teeth and face, I returned to my room, to find the
electric blanket spread out. Edward lounged on the side of the bed closest to the window,
leaning against the headboard.

"All done?" he asked quietly, running a hand through his mess of hair and looking a little
self-conscious.

"Almost!" I whispered, briefly turning my back to him and sitting on the other side of the
bed, by my nightstand. Once I'd plugged in my phone and swallowed down my sleeping pill,
I reached over to turn off my bedside lamp, and then turned to settle into bed.

"How long does it take for the medicine to take effect?" Edward murmured, still leaning back
above me.

I hummed happily as he gently ran his fingers through my loose hair. "Usually a few
minutes," I mumbled. "So, if you want to say anything, better be now," I said, lifting my
gaze.

In the dark, I could see the outline of Edward's shoulders shaking with laughter.

"Very well," he whispered.

I closed my eyes again, and had nearly drifted off, when he finally spoke.

"In the future that you know, does anything good happen?"

I frowned. "Good?"

"You're always warning us of impending disasters," he said thoughtfully. "I just wondered if
there were any good moments."

I hummed in thought, struggling to think of any good moments. Canon truly had been one
disaster after the next. And I couldn't think of anything prior to Edward and Bella's marriage
that was good.

Even the engagement had been tainted by Bella's obvious reluctance.

Finally, I mumbled, "Happily ever after."

"What?" Edward asked in disbelief, laughter edging his voice.

I buried the side of my face against my pillow, nearly out. "If Fate is going to be insistent
about everything bad," I mumbled. "Then it better damn well be insistent about everything
good."


Leah was already waiting by the road, when I pulled up to her house.

"Sorry, am I late?" I called, hurrying to shut off the thunderous engine before jumping out of
the cab.

"Nah, you're right on time," Leah waved me over as she began heading back down the street.

"Wait, where are we going?" I asked as I jogged to catch up with her.

"The council is meeting at Billy's house," she explained.

"I could've driven us there!"

"No, we need a moment to get our facts straight," she said, shooting me a pointed look. "I
already briefed the guys earlier, and now it's your turn."

"Oh, right. I'm all ears then."

"First off, I'm going to lay out everything that we will continue to keep secret: Obviously, all
the shit about you having superpowers, or mutant powers, or whatever the guys are calling it
at this point. If you want to share it, that's your business, but I'm not sure how receptive they
would be," she said with a shrug. "The guys at least know not to bring it up."

"That means any information I've provided you with, is off the table," I reminded her.
"Including the likelihood of you and Embry shifting."

"We already talked about it and agreed that's fine," she assured me. "Embry says he'd rather
surprise them, than face their skepticism. Or even worse, their rejection."

I grimaced. "Understandable."

"Yeah and I'm with him there. It's bad enough they've all lied to me. If I have to deal with
their disbelief as well, I might just snap."

"Right, let's not do that with your dad in attendance," I gently reminded her, as we crossed
over to the next street in the twisting neighborhood.

"I'll be fine," she huffed a sharp breath. "Anyway, that also includes you informing me about
the pack in the first place. Right now, Billy thinks it's the Cullens who must've tipped you
off."

I shook my head. "No, they never would have. I already knew."

"Exactly. And we don't need them going to war over that," she said. "Ergo, I'm the leak."

"You want to take the fall?!"
"It's not like they aren't already pissed at me," Leah snorted. "I'll be fine."

I frowned. "If you're sure that's how you want to play this…"

"I am," she said. "Second," she continued, holding up two fingers. "I'll be the spokesperson.
I've already told the guys to keep mum, so we don't get our stories twisted. But, if you feel
the need to say something, I trust you to do so."

"Got it."

"And third," she said, pausing at the corner of the street and turning to face me fully. Her
dark, long-lashed eyes burned with a fiery intensity that fueled me with confidence. "Billy is
still bent on giving you a talking to about the whole boyfriend business. But with all the
elders in attendance, you can expect a whole fucking inquiry to take place. Are you ready?"

I grinned. "As ready as I'll ever be."

Leah thumped me on the back of my shoulder. "That's what I like to hear, Swan! Let's go."

We walked the last street in pensive silence.

I couldn't help but feel relieved that Leah had made the executive decision to keep my secret,
a secret. While I wouldn't have minded being forthcoming with the elders, who knew what
kinds of questions they would've asked.

And if they ever found out about who I really was…

I only needed to remember Utlapa, to know that the tribe was no friend to body thieves.

When we arrived, Leah led me around the side of Billy's house and to the backyard, where
we found them congregated around a smoldering firepit. Old Quil, Billy, Harry, and Sue sat
in lawn chairs, bundled up in coats and blankets to keep the gusty chill at bay.

Standing to the side, Sam and Jared appeared to be making conversation with Jacob, Quil,
and Embry, though from what little I could hear, it seemed they were giving Sam the cold
shoulder. Paul was nowhere in sight.

As soon as Billy caught sight of us, he said flatly, "You're late."

"Sorry, had to pick up a straggler along the way," Leah called with a careless gesture in my
direction as we walked across the mossy lawn to stand across the pit from them.

I waved, smile meek at the sight of their less-than-impressed stares.

"Hello, Isabella," Billy greeted me. "I'm glad we finally have the opportunity to talk."

"Of course," I grimaced. "Hello, Sue, Harry. And you must be Uncle Quil. My dad's
mentioned you."
Though I'd caught a glimpse of Old Quil at Seth's birthday party, Charlie had never officially
introduced us.

"Yes, Charlie talks about you quite a bit," he said, voice a thin tenor. His terracotta brown
skin was deeply wrinkled, contrasting sharply against his white hair.

"I would say it's good to meet you, but under the circumstances…"

He snorted quietly. "Likewise."

"Isabella!" Quil grinned, waving as he walked over to join us, Jacob and Embry at his heels.
"You made it!"

"I said I'd be here."

He squeezed between Leah and I to pull me into a side-hug.

"Ugh! Watch it, dork!" Leah snapped, stepping aside before she could trip.

On her other side, Jacob laughed. "He does it every time. Don't act so surprised."

"It's weird and annoying," she sniffed.

"We're cousins," Quil turned his head to grin at her, arm still wrapped around my shoulders.

"We're all technically cousins, you idiot."

"Yeah, but technically, only Quil is Isabella's cousin," Embry said, popping up on my other
side.

"Hell yeah I am," Quil said, finally removing his heavy arm to high-five Embry above my
head.

The brief, relaxed mood instantly vanished and became tense the moment we caught sight of
Sam and Jared joining the circle, standing on either side of Billy.

"No Paul?" Leah sneered.

"Not after the stunt you pulled," Sam said tightly, eyes narrowed in her direction.

Leah shrugged, unrepentant. "It's not my fault if the amateur can't control his temper."

"You could have died―"

"Enough."

A single word from Sue had them both shutting up.

"We are not here to reprimand Leah for her actions against Paul," she continued, gaze
switching between Sam and Leah. "That will be taken care of at home. Right now, what we
want to know is how Leah knew to provoke him."
Leah gave her a long, exaggerated eye-roll. "I already told you, mom. I was just testing out
my theory. How was I supposed to know he would actually transform into a big, furry
monster?!"

"And why did you feel it necessary to share this theory with so many others?" Billy asked,
eyes sweeping across our little group.

"You guys were the ones acting crazy, telling me to stay away from Jacob and Quil," Leah
scoffed.

"That doesn't explain why Embry needed to be informed. He is not Quileute," Old Quil
pointed out, mistakenly.

Embry shifted uncomfortably beside me.

"Are you kidding me?! The lot of them are pack animals! They don't come in ones," Leah
snapped and then grimaced. "Pun unintended."

Quil had to muffle a snicker and I jabbed him in the side with my elbow.

"Leah, have you shared this information with anyone else?" Harry asked with a concerned
expression.

"No," she said mulishly.

"Leah!" Sue snapped.

"What?!" Leah said, just as sharply. "It's not fair! What if Rachel comes back to the rez, and
one of these blockheads imprints on her?! Does she not deserve to make that choice for
herself?! Or would you force her to be saddled with a drooling, man-child following her
around for the rest of her life?!"

At the mention of the word 'imprint' everyone grew uncomfortably quiet, and Sam cast his
gaze down.

Meanwhile, I shot Leah a look of surprise. I had never outright told her that Rachel would be
imprinted upon. With all the other information I'd shared with her, it had slipped my mind.

She had good instincts. I would have to confirm it for her later.

"The chances of Rachel being imprinted on, are not very high," Billy tried and failed to
reassure her.

"The same thing could've been said about Emily or Kim. And look how that turned out,"
Leah reminded him dully.

For the first time, Jared spoke up. "How do you know about Kim?" he demanded, shoulders
hitched into a tense line.
"Anyone could've deduced that from the disgusting way you two act at school," Leah scoffed.
"Give me a break."

"Oh." Jared looked a little red.

"And if Rachel knows," Sue sighed.

"Then Rebecca knows," Bill finished her thought.

Leah rolled her eyes. "Your daughters knowing tribe secrets isn't the end of the world.
They're tribe."

"And Isabella?" Harry asked. "Do you count her as tribe?"

"No, but I'm sure Quil does," Leah snorted.

"Very true," he cheerfully agreed.

"Besides," Leah continued over Quil. "Someone had to warn her that her boyfriend is an
overgrown mosquito. I couldn't let the poor, innocent white girl fend for herself."

"She couldn't," I agreed solemnly.

"You broke the treaty?!" Sam demanded suddenly, unable to hide the flash of terror in his
eyes.

Leah sneered. "No, dumbass. She already knew. But I had to check in with her despite that."

"I understand," Sam said tersely. "But she has no business knowing about the pack. I
understand why you might've told Embry, but not Isabella." Here, Sam turned furious eyes in
my direction. "Unless, it wasn't Leah who told you about us."

I shook my head. "If you're accusing the Cullens, then no, they never mentioned you. When
Leah confronted me about the Cullens, I thought it was strange that she knew. It all came out
then," I explained, trying not to implicate anybody as I flipped the script between myself and
Leah. "But back then, it was only a theory. Not a secret."

Sam didn't look convinced, but he didn't argue further.

"And? Does this mean you've stopped seeing him?" Billy asked me, leaning forward in his
wheelchair with interest, not appearing as concerned as Sam about the possible breaking of
the treaty.

"You don't think Jake would be all over that if she had?" Embry muttered under his breath.

I dug my heel into his foot. "Shut up."

"Shit. Okay!"
"I haven't stopped," I admitted, loud enough for everyone to hear. "But from what I hear, the
doctor plans on moving his family this summer. So it'll have to end then."

"Yes," Billy said, looking pleased. "He did call to inform us about that. But I would prefer it
if you cut off all contact. It's not safe for you. Or Charlie."

"I understand," I assured him. "But this is my decision to make, Billy. Regardless, I see them
at school every day. Cutting off contact will make no difference."

"I see," he grimaced, leaning back, seeming to understand that I had made up my mind
already.

Huh. So much for an inquisition.

"Is that all then?" Leah huffed, crossing her arms. "You know everything we know," she lied.
"Werewolves, vampires, unwitting imprints. I can give you the report on the cliff side
mermaids next week."

Jared actually let out a snort at that.

"One rule," Billy said, holding up a finger. "Which you have already broken far too many
times already. But no more, Leah. This secret must remain intact!"

For a moment, Leah looked like she was ready to agree with him, just to get him off her back.

But then, her expression twisted oddly and she said to Billy, "Hold on to that thought."

Leah turned to us, gesturing for us to back up. "Huddle up," she hissed, until we were all in a
tight circle. "What do you guys think?" she whispered.

I exchanged a look with Embry.

"You actually want to have this argument with him?" I carefully checked.

"Duh," Leah said. "We're already here. Might as well."

"Alright…"

The guys and I made a few possible suggestions that she could present to Billy, completely
ignoring the fact that Sam and Jared could technically hear everything we were saying.

I was just glad to help. While these were concerns that I personally had, I would never have
presented them before the council so boldly.

Frankly, it was none of my business how they ran things here.

Once we came to a concession, we separated and lined back up.

As the spokesperson, Leah took a step forward.
"We recognize the council has made a decision," Leah said, actually having the nerve to
quote me. "But given that it's a stupid ass decision, we've elected to ignore it."

"Leah, what―"

Leah held up her hand. "I am not talking to you as a daughter, mom. I am talking to you as a
concerned member of this tribe."

"I am interested in hearing what she has to say," Old Quil said, appearing somewhat
entertained. "Please, Leah. Proceed."

"Thank you, Uncle Quil," Leah shot him a sharp grin. "While I understand the importance of
protecting our tribe by way of secrecy, I think it's extremely shitty to both the kids and
parents involved in this nonsense. It's all well and good that you're all on the council, so you
get to know when Jacob, or Quil, or Seth inevitably get caught up in this mess. But what
about Jared's parents? Or Paul's dad? Or Sam's mom?"

Sam appeared shocked to be included.

Leah continued, "You think it was hell on me when Sam disappeared?! Allison was also
flipping out! And I can't speak for Jared or Paul, but I can't imagine their relationships with
their parents are any better."

"Jared, is this true?" Old Quil asked.

"Yes," Jared grimaced. "Sam, Paul, and I take turns missing school so we can patrol, but it's
still hell on my grades."

"I see," Old Quil murmured, appearing to be deep in thought.

"Do you have any other concerns, Leah?" Harry prompted her.

"Yes. The point may be a bit moot, seeing as I already spilled the beans to these nerds," she
said, gesturing towards Quil and Jacob. "But, it has to be said. Waiting until someone has
already transformed to tell them the truth is absolutely fucked and too little too late. If
someone is exhibiting werewolf symptoms, they have the right to know what the hell is going
on."

Harry nodded. "We will discuss your concerns, Leah. And we will inform you of our decision
at the next bonfire."

"I expect so," Leah said with a smug grin.

"Then you are free to go," Billy said. "And Isabella. Please. Be careful."

"I will be," I said.

"Leah―"

"I really, really don't want to hear anything you have to say," Leah bit out, cutting Sam short.
With a frown of a dismay, Sam nodded, and then turned away, gesturing for Jared to follow
him as he disappeared back into the woods.

"Right then," Leah said, turning to us, looking both relieved and satisfied. "I'm going to walk
our resident white girl back to her car."

"What?! You're not gonna stay?" Quil asked, expression twisted in betrayal.

"Didn't you hear?" Embry snickered. "She hasn't broken up with her oversized mosquito
boyfriend just yet."

I sighed. "Please don't call him that."

"Would you prefer leech? Or bat breath?" Jacob sniggered.

I rolled my eyes. "I don't know why I put up with any of you."

"We're all freaks here," Leah reminded me. "Let's go."

"Yeah, yeah," I grumbled and took off after her.

When we were around the other side of the house and back on the street, I turned to Leah
with a startled grin. "That went way better than I expected."

"They didn't have a leg to stand on," Leah scoffed. "We sure showed them!"

Simultaneously, we high-fived.

"We sure did," I laughed.

"Although, we'll see about getting them to agree with any of the things I said," she groused.

"Well, it can't get worse than it already is."

"Yeah? Tell me something I don't know."

Though I knew her comment to be rhetorical, I couldn't help but think about Harry's
hypothetical death. And how, in that version, Sue and Charlie would've found comfort in one
another.

"In a different life, we were supposed to be sisters."

Leah turned to me with a sudden laugh on her lips. "Is that right?" she grinned, likely not
understanding the context I meant it in. She threw an arm around my shoulders. "Well, thank
your lucky stars, Swan. Who knows how long you would've lasted with me bossing you
around!"

I smiled and thought, I'd probably last longer than Alice currently predicts.
Chapter End Notes



    I'm currently recovering from being sick again. I tried my best to edit, but the chapter
    might not be in the best state.

    Let me know your thoughts! :)
                         Chapter 45: That Which Cannot be Seen
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   "That's Alice!" I announced at the ring of the doorbell.

   "You're not even done with your dinner," Charlie protested, briefly muting the TV.

   "It's a sleepover, chief," I reminded him, jumping up and setting my plate of half-eaten
   chicken tenders on the coffee table. Tonight's dinner had been takeout from the diner. "I gotta
   leave room for junk food!"

   Charlie rolled his eyes. "Don't make yourself sick. Are you going to the dance tomorrow?"

   "Yep," I said, picking up my backpack and heading into the front hall to put my coat on. "I'll
   be back tomorrow night, after the dance."

   "Alright," Charlie called. "Don't let me catch you in one of those bonfire after-parties in the
   woods."

   I laughed and finished securing the last button on my coat. "Wouldn't dream of it. Bye!"

   "Stay safe!"

   "You too, chief," I called, swinging the strap of my backpack over my shoulder and pulling
   the front door open.

   "H-hey," I said, startled to see Jasper standing under the warm, hazy light of the porch,
   honey-blond hair darkened with rainwater.

   He lifted a finger to his lips.

   Quickly, I shut the door behind me, before whispering, "Jasper, where's Alice? Is everything
   okay?"

   "Everything is fine," he assured me with a wink. "Alice sent me out to chauffeur you back to
   the house."

   "Oh," I said, as he turned, traipsing down the porch steps and gesturing for me to follow him
   across the driveway. I hurried, a cold drizzle drumming gently against my face and hair.
   When I reached the front passenger seat of the Volvo, he opened the door for me and I
   quickly jumped in.

   Once Jasper was sitting on the driver's side, I asked, "Weren't you supposed to go out on a
   hunting trip with Edward and Emmett?"
"No," he assured me as he merged into the neighborhood street. "We're hunting in pairs at the
moment. And we're staying close to home."

"…Right," I said, contrite. With Alice's looming vision of my disappearance fast
approaching, it made sense they wouldn't set out too far.

Jasper shot me a quizzical look. "What's this?"

I shifted in my seat. "What's what?"

"Remorse," he said. "You're barking up the wrong tree there, Izzy. Whatever inconveniences
you think you're causing, they're not more important than your safety. We protect our own."

"I know," I blew out a heavy sigh. "It's just…grating. The uncertainty, the dread, the waiting."
I had first thought there was nothing else to it. I would become a vampire, as Alice had seen,
and that would be that. But the longer this dragged out, the more I wondered how badly I'd
need to be hurt, to ensure vampirism was my only path to living. "Have you guys found
anything?"

"No, we haven't."

I fell silent, at Jasper's short admission. I'd already gone around in circles when I'd had this
conversation with Carlisle, and I didn't want a repeat.

Then again, what could be worse than Bella's leg snapping under James' foot? My mind
could hardly fathom it.

"How's your arm?" Jasper asked.

"I took my medication before you arrived," I said. "So, currently pain-free until my next
dose."

"Good. And, I wanted to apologize," he said. "On behalf of Peter and Charlotte. They never
intended to hurt or frighten you."

I withheld a sigh and turned to him with a look of understanding. "I know. If their intentions
had been anything less, Edward would've turned them away from the beginning."

"As would I," he assured me. And then, "You don't hold it against them?"

"No, not really," I said. "It was an accident, nothing premeditated. But Edward was right to be
worried. Alice can't predict every little incident, and it's unfair to expect her to."

"I'm…relieved," he admitted. "They visit us every so often. I'd hate for there to be any
conflict between you and them."

I quirked an eyebrow. "I know I'll be joining your family, but Peter and Charlotte are your
siblings. Why do you care what I think?"
Jasper took his eyes off the road and shot me a look of puzzlement. "…Edward didn't tell
you?"

"No?" I frowned. "…Rosalie asked me something similar though, not long after the incident.
What aren't you guys telling me?"

"It was never really meant to be a secret," Jasper assured me. "Especially since you have a
knack for knowing things you shouldn't. But I suppose with everything else that's been going
on, Edward would've hardly wanted to introduce another complication."

"Maybe," I hesitantly agreed. As far as I knew, Edward had never held back information with
malicious intent. "What complication are you referring to?"

"A vision that Alice had, the same day that Edward rescued you from being crushed by
Tyler's van."

"A vision?" I tried to recall what Alice had seen that night from the story. "About me and
Edward?" But that hardly made sense, seeing as it had nothing to do with my opinion
regarding Jasper's extended family. "Or about me and Alice?" Come to think of it, Alice had
never once claimed we'd be best friends.

That's a strange variation.

Not that I minded. Alice had always been Edward's best friend first. There was no sense in
changing that.

"A vision about you and Alice?" Jasper asked, clearly taken aback.

I shook my head. "Ignore me. I was just speculating. What was the vision?"

"It was about you…and I," he said, hesitant. "Alice said that we're meant to be friends."

"You…and I?" I stared out into the black of night, too stunned to form words.

It was a change I hadn't expected.

Alice had never claimed we'd be best friends, because we weren't meant to be. All along, it
had been Jasper.

And suddenly, things began to fall into place, questions I didn't even know I had, now
answered―why Edward had allowed Jasper to take me aside to discuss Irina, despite his
tenuous control; the reason Jasper had been so willing to comfort me after I'd revealed my
truth to their family; why he'd been so open to introducing me to Peter and Charlotte; the way
he'd protected me from his siblings, rather than lose control.

I tried to picture it in my head―Jasper and I, as best friends, and my heart warmed with
affection.

I hadn't known Jasper long, and most of what I knew about him, I'd learned from the books. I
remembered his history with Maria in the south, remembered his first encounter with Alice,
remembered the difficulties he'd faced as he transitioned into a new diet. He was intelligent
and brave and fierce.

But above everything, Jasper was loyal; someone I could trust to have my back and be my
ally.

"That's why you protected me that night," I said, finally breaking the silence. "When Rosalie
told me, I didn't understand why, but…now it makes sense."

"I'll admit," Jasper began, chagrined. "When Alice first told us, I didn't know what to think."

I snorted a laugh. "Now that I can imagine. Up until a few decades ago, humans were food,
not friends."

"It felt beyond me," Jasper admitted quietly. "Even after I left my life in the south behind, I
still struggled not to gorge myself on blood. And then, with Alice, no longer having to hunt
humans was a relief, but my instincts were so deeply embedded I couldn't always think above
it."

I winced, knowing he'd felt the stab of horror in my gut. Abruptly transitioning from feasting
freely on human blood amongst bloodthirsty newborns, to the quiet, solitary life of the north
would be painful for anyone.

I tried to express a bit of sympathy for Jasper, hoping he would accept it for what it was. It's
not as though he'd asked for any of it. But still, I could hardly imagine it.

"I know you trust Alice. But, how could I have made that much of a difference? I'm only one
person." Not to mention, he hardly knew me. Why would he care?

"You underestimate just how cherished you are by our family. I could never hurt you, Iz. And
when you revealed that I would do so regardless…" Jasper scoffed. "I knew then that I
needed to let it go. I used to believe that the damage inflicted by Maria could never be
undone; that I would always struggle with my thirst as a result of my upbringing. But having
you, a human so loved by Alice and the others―it's not a scenario I ever imagined. But it was
the one I needed, to move beyond what I thought I was capable of."

A whirlwind of emotions swelled in my chest―wonderment, respect, affection.

Although I'd never felt entitled to Edward's devotion, and had even battled with the idea that I
was undeserving due to the nature of my appearance in Forks, it had never felt outright
bizarre. Gaining the acceptance, the friendship, from individuals such as Rosalie and Jasper
on the other hand…

It was relieving to realize I was so welcomed by Edward's family. It made the future feel a
little less bleak.

Finally, I said, "That's…incredible." And I hoped that the wave of admiration I felt in that
moment, would be clear to him. "Don't misunderstand, I'm glad I could help you in this way,
idle as it was. But, it was you who did all the work. And I'm happy for you, Jazz."
I felt a wave of gratitude and affection suddenly sweep through me, abrupt and so strong, I
knew it couldn't have been of my own making.

It was gone as quickly as it'd come, but it rendered me speechless.

"Thank you," he added, needlessly.

When we arrived, Jasper lead me up to the second floor and directed me to Carlisle's office.

"Edward's orders," he explained. "He figured you'd best have your injury treated by Carlisle
before Alice got ahold of you."

I snorted. "Smart. Do you know when he'll be back?"

"After the hunt they'll be scouting the surrounding area, so it might be a few more hours."

"Got it. Thank you."

"My pleasure," Jasper said with a charming grin, and vanished.

Inside the office, I found Carlisle standing beside his desk, flipping through wide, dark-tinted
sheets that glistened with bright white imaging.

"Isabella, welcome," he smiled, beckoning me to join him.

"What are you looking at?" I asked, dropping my backpack in one of his armchairs and
moving to stand beside him at his desk.

"These are your CT scans taken on the day of the incident," Carlisle said, gesturing towards a
set of x-rays arranged on his desk, before placing down the other set held in his hands. "And
these are copies of older scans that I had sent over from Phoenix. Can you spot the
difference?"

My gaze flickered between the two sets of brain images. "They look the same to me," I
admitted with a helpless shrug. "Though Edward mentioned otherwise."

Carlisle smiled. "Yes, but even an experienced doctor would have difficulty in distinguishing
every incongruity found between the two. This set here," he said, gesturing towards the older
scans. "These were taken last summer. I assume you were not Isabella then?"

I had to push down the old, familiar grief that surged in my chest, before I could answer. "No.
Like I told you all, it's only been a few weeks. I awoke on the plane flying from Seattle to
Port Angeles on January seventeenth."

"It hasn't even been two months," Carlisle realized.

Today was the eleventh of March.

"No, it hasn't."
His gaze was patient, gentle eyes brimming with compassion. "I apologize," he said. "I was
initially captivated by the strangeness depicted in these scans. I did not mean to cause you
any pain by sharing this with you."

"What's so strange about them, exactly?" I asked. I vaguely recalled the brief explanation
Edward had given me, about how my adult memories had accelerated the aging in Bella's
brain.

Carlisle used his index finger to indicate areas of my brain on the most recent x-ray. "This is
your cerebral cortex," he said. "It's responsible for your brain's higher level
processes―memory, thinking, learning, reasoning, emotion. It's essentially what makes you,
you―your personality."

"And that's where you found the discrepancies?" I asked, my mind latching onto his last
word―personality.

And slowly, I began to come to a realization which I had not reached the first time Edward
had explained this to me.

"Yes. It was the strange focal neural activity that initially caught my attention, because it
resembled cerebral atrophy. Until I realized that the tissue wasn't shrinking―it was evolving."
Carlisle's hand drifted over to the older x-rays. "In comparison, these images show the brain
of a typical adolescent. Which can only mean that the transmigration of your soul caused
real, physical changes."

An emotion I couldn't put a name to, caught in my throat, my eyes still glued to the most
recent scans. I brushed my fingertips against the parts of my brain Carlisle had initially
indicated, trusting that the changes which only his professional and enhanced eyes could see,
were there. "It's me."

In hindsight, it seemed silly to react so strongly. Of course I already knew that Bella was
gone, and that it was me who occupied her body.

But to have the physical evidence before me, demonstrating that my mind really was my
own, eased the grip which crushed the air out of my lungs every time I unexpectedly caught
sight of Bella's reflection―of my reflection.

Because it didn't actually matter what I looked like now. I was still me. And I always would
be.

Carlisle's hand gently gripped my shoulder. "It is you, Isabella. It has been, since the
beginning."

I looked up to him and smiled tremulously. "Thank you for showing this to me, Carlisle."

"You are most welcome," he said kindly. "Come, let's take a look at your arm, before Alice
grows any more impatient."

I huffed a small laugh. "Of course."
"Do those work well with your hair?" I asked Rosalie the next day, while I gazed up at her
through one of her mirrors. Coils of golden hair rested neatly atop her head, pinned around
hot rollers.

We were currently sitting on the thick, lush carpet of her bedroom in a nook that contained
multiple ceiling-to-floor length mirrors, perfect for catching your reflection at every angle.

Initially, I had found it alarming. I'd only closely observed my new features a handful of
times, generally avoiding mirrors. Catching the unexpected sight of my face, no matter which
way I looked, had been too much at first.

But now, I was almost used to it. It helped that Bella's face―my face, was not unpleasant to
look at.

"Alice and I have to tweak the electrical components of most hairstyling tools we purchase,"
Rosalie explained as she continued to gently section and roll my thick hair up into hot rollers.
"Our hair is many times more durable, so it requires more heat to style."

"That makes sense, I think." Though I wouldn't have been surprised to find that Rosalie's hair
was naturally flawless. She was literally that perfect. "Have you ever cut it? I know it doesn't
grow back." I vaguely recalled the newborn with the bald patch from Victoria's army.

"Only one strand," Rosalie admitted, abashed. "I volunteered when we were experimenting,
since Alice already has so little hair. We knew we could reattach it with venom, but
unfortunately, it gleams white where it's been reattached, so we gave it up as a lost cause."

"That's a bummer," I sympathized. "Then again, reattaching each and every single strand, one
by one, when you want your long hair back is mental."

Rosalie lifted her shoulders in a barely-there shrug. "At our speed, it wouldn't necessarily be
inconvenient. The only trick is recalling which hair strand belongs to which."

"I found it!" Alice announced, skipping back into the room in a semi-blur and dropping down
to sit with us. "The perfect shade of white-gold to match your dress!" She wiggled the
shimmery nail polish close to my face for my inspection.

I grinned. "You're right, it is perfect."

"Thank you," Alice preened and then tugged my feet into her lap. "I'll start with your
toenails."

"How much longer until we're ready?" I asked.

Already, I'd spent the morning primping under Alice's insistence, which I normally wouldn't
mind. It had been fun even, applying face masks and hair masks, getting to try on an
arrangement of shoes Alice wanted me to choose from, taking a long, luxurious bath.

But I missed Edward. I'd fallen asleep before he'd returned last night and Alice insisted that
he couldn't see me until I was dressed and fully ready for the dance.
Alice hummed in thought. "Give me one more hour, please!"

"Alright," I relented.

Behind me, Rosalie scoffed. "You need to learn to quit giving in to Alice so easily."

"Hey!" Alice protested with a pout.

"Please," Rosalie sniffed. "If we all submitted to your every wish, you'd be a monster."

"She already is!" I distantly heard someone shout from somewhere in the house.

"Emmett! Shut up!" Alice retorted.

"I'll keep that in mind," I said with a laugh.

Alice gasped. "Traitor!"

"I gave you your hour, didn't I?" I teased.

She huffed and grumbled, "I should've asked for two."

"Maybe quit sulking long enough to ask her what you really want," Rosalie suggested.

My gaze flickered between Alice's pouting face and the reflection of Rosalie's amused
expression in the mirror.

"There's something else?" I asked.

Alice briefly paused in applying the polish to my toes, eyes becoming unfocused.

A few seconds later, she blinked back into awareness with a huff.

"I take it she says no?" Rosalie asked.

"There was no clear answer," Alice admitted and continued painting my toenails.

"Well? Is someone going to clue me in?"

When Alice finished painting my toes, she capped the bottle and met my gaze, eyes wide and
hopeful. "Remember when I proposed that we should go shopping together some time?"

I lifted an eyebrow in question. "Yes?" If I recalled, she'd suggested it after my first trip to
Port Angeles with Jessica.

"Well," Alice continued. "I was wondering if you would take me up on that offer next
weekend. I was thinking, a trip to Seattle?"

I frowned. "Alice…"

"What's wrong?" she whined. "You promised."
"I know, I recall," I said. "But do you really think that's a smart idea with everything that's
going on right now?"

"I've already seen it, down to the last detail," Alice assured me. "Seattle currently has no
blind spots in my vision. I was very thorough."

My brow furrowed in concern. "Just how much land have you covered, trying to find the
blind spot?"

Alice pursed her lips. "It's only the reservation which has yielded results," she admitted
reluctantly. "I've picked through most of Washington. Oregon will be next."

"What?" I gaped. "Washington has a population, of what? Seven million?"

"Close," she chirped. "There's a population of 6,298,816 people. And every single one has
been verified. I'm currently looking through every square mileage of Mount Rainier National
Park."

My eyes nearly bugged out. "That's insane!"

"Maybe," Alice admitted with a shrug, uncapping the nail polish once more and taking one of
my hands in her's. "But it's not nearly as difficult as you'd imagine. Just a little time
consuming, and not very efficient. I'm treating it as a static case, rather than an active one; if
they're on the move, there's a chance I won't catch them."

I knew their brains were wired differently, but still, this was on a whole other level.

"If you say so," I relented. Is this what the Alice of Breaking Dawn had had to do, to find
Nahuel? "And thank you. For looking out for me."

"Anything for our new sister," Alice beamed as she painted my fingernails.

"All done," Rosalie announced as she clipped the last hot roller into place.

"Thanks Rosalie," I said, smiling at her through the mirror.

"So, what will it be?"

I tilted my head in question. "What will what be?"

"Will you go shopping with us in Seattle?" Rosalie asked. "Alice has been looking forward to
it for quite some time."

I laughed. "Weren't you the one who told me to not give in to her so easily?"

"Hey, I'm still here," Alice pouted, setting my right hand down, and switching over to my left.

"We must give in occasionally," Rosalie amended. "Otherwise she'll take matters into her
own hands."
"Well if it's that serious," I said gravely. "Then yes, I will go shopping with you and Alice."

"Oh my gosh, thank you!" Alice squealed, leaning forward and planting a kiss on my cheek.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you! Oh! It'll be so much fun, Isabella, I promise!"

"I'm sure. I look forward to it," I said with a grin.

"I do too!" Alice practically sang and finished painting my fingernails. "Okay, makeup next!
Do you have any specific requests?"

I arched an eyebrow. "I actually get a choice?

Alice nodded, face solemn. "Yes, you've proven you have good taste."

"Thanks, I think," I snorted a laugh.

"Trust us, that's a compliment," Rosalie murmured as she gazed at herself in the mirror,
slipping her hot rollers out and pinning her curls in place to cool down.

"Alright," I said with a shake of my head, and turned my thoughts to what I wanted my
makeup to look like.

Alice's eyes went blank for a moment, and then she blinked back into the present, a perfect
smile splitting her face. "I like it!" she decided.

The rest of the hour passed by quicker than I expected.

Rosalie finished styling both hers and my hair, and Alice was careful but brisk with the
makeup brushes and tools.

"I'm going to touch up your lipstick later tonight," Alice warned me, as she applied the color
to my lips. "Press."

I pressed my lips against the offered tissue to rub off the excess.

"Perfect!" Alice declared.

"Your hair is all done as well," Rosalie said.

"Your dress and heels are on the bed," Alice added as she helped pull me to my feet. "Get
dressed and you're free to go!"

"Thank you, both of you," I said, beaming at Rosalie and Alice.

"You can borrow my room for a few minutes while you change," Rosalie offered.

"Thanks!"

And then they both suddenly vanished, the door gently clicking shut behind them.
Alone, I padded across the carpet towards the bed, where my cream-colored dress was neatly
draped across the expanse of Rosalie's smoky gray duvet. And folded atop it was a delicate
gold chain.

When I lifted it, a small, intricate gold pendant fell and hung from it, appearing to be quite
old. I wondered which of the girls it belonged to.

I clasped the necklace around my neck and changed out of my loungewear, shimming into the
dress, before bending down to slip on a pair of nude, strappy heels.

From where I stood beside the bed, I could see my full reflection across Rosalie's multiple
mirrors.

My hair billowed out in voluminous mahogany curls, framing pink cheeks, dark, glitter-lined
eyes, and full red lips. Long, sparkling sleeves rippled loosely down my arms and fixed tight
at the wrists, with matching sequined fabric stretched taut across my torso and upper thighs in
shimmering, cinched layers.

It felt strange, to think I was beautiful.

Eventually, I ripped my eyes away from my reflection and walked across the room and
through the door. I found my rhythm in my new heels as I steadily clicked-clacked across the
hall and up the staircase, to the third floor.

When I reached the open door to Edward's bedroom, I paused, quietly observing him.

He stood before the glass wall, hands tucked into his black trousers as he gazed pensively out
into the darkening, gloomy forest. In the dim light of his room, his hair glistened like spun
copper, and his long-sleeved button-up shirt hugged his broad shoulders and lean frame in the
most flattering way.

I admired him for a few moments longer, before calling his name.

"Isabella," Edward turned to me with a sigh of relief on his lips. He marched across the room
in quick, long strides, pausing before me and appraising me in a gentle, appreciative manner.
But he made no actual mention of my appearance.

I smiled and pushed aside a few of my curls, asking, "How do I look?"

His eyes widened and he appeared almost unsure. But when I continued to wait, an easy
smile still on my lips, he finally said, almost breathless, "Gorgeous. You always look
gorgeous."

My smile widened, teeth peeking out and eyes crinkling. "I'm happy you think so."

Edward leaned down and pressed a kiss against the corner of my lip, murmuring, "You have
no idea."

My stomach broke out into butterflies. "Are you ready to go?"
  When Edward distanced his lips from mine, I lifted a hand and pressed my thumb against his
  lower lip, where a bit of red had transferred.

  "I'm ready," he said quietly, catching my hand and pressing a kiss against my palm. "Are
  you?"

  My heart squeezed with a familiar feeling I now recognized. "Yes," I said, before I could say
  another set of words.

  Soon. I would tell him soon.



Chapter End Notes



    Y’all can thank my cousin for this update. She showed up out of nowhere a week ago to
    spend the holidays at my house, and the boost of serotonin is exactly what I needed to
    finish this chapter!

    If anyone is interested in seeing Isabella’s dress, check it out here.

    AND THANK YOU FOR 6K KUDOS AND 200K HITS!!! I appreciate you all so so
    much! <3

    I hope y’all enjoyed the chapter and that you’re having a happy holiday season! I’ll see
    you again next year! :)
                           Chapter 46: Missing the Cupid Shuffle
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The school cafeteria practically shook with the whole of Forks High's student body, music
   gushing out from every speaker, interspersed with gleeful shouts and sharp laughter. Rays of
   violet lights were projected throughout the room, bouncing off the shining, laminated floors
   and ricocheting off the sheer curtains and threads of fairy lights concealing the time-worn
   walls

   Edward tilted his lips close to my ear, for once, not having to lean down as much with my
   heels boosting me up several inches. "Do you want to dance?" he asked, sounding oddly
   eager.

   I grinned up at him. "Sure! But a word of warning, I don't actually know how to dance." At
   least, not the type of elaborate dances I was sure he preferred.

   "You did well enough at Kate's wedding," he reminded me, voice shaking with laughter.

   "We had lots of practice prior to that!" Maybe a practice session or two before the spring
   dance wouldn't have been remiss of me.

   "Come on," Edward said, tugging me in the direction of the dance floor.

   I hurried along, heels clicking sharply against the laminate.

   Fortunately, the dance floor was sparsely filled. Many of the students were socializing on the
   sidelines or crowding around tables laden with drinks. On the erected stage, decorated with
   balloons and arrays of metallic silver streamers, Eric stood behind a turntable, DJing.

   "Just follow my lead," Edward said, dropping one of his hands to the dip of my waist and
   lifting my other hand in his.

   "I think I can handle at least that much," I said, placing my free hand against his broad
   shoulder and falling into step with him.

   He started off slow, gentle. But once I grew comfortable, Edward quickened his steps to the
   beat of the music, spinning us across the dance floor with the fluidity of someone who'd done
   this many times before.

   I laughed as I twirled under his arm and spun back into his embrace, heart quickening with
   exertion as he continued to guide me, sure-footed and swift.

   I wondered how strange it must seem, dancing a ballroom dance to the beat of Elton John's
   Are You Ready For Love.
And then, Edward dipped me so far back, the edges of my curls brushed against the floor,
before he pulled me back into the safety of his arms.

"Warn me next time!" I gasped, though the laughter in my voice could hardly be construed as
threatening.

Edward smirked. "Where's the fun in that?"

Before I could make a snarky retort, we were soaring across the dance floor once more and
my annoyance was left behind and forgotten.

The wide, toothy smile that stretched across my face almost hurt, but in this moment,
spinning and dancing and twirling in Edward's arms, I was so deliriously happy, it felt unreal.

Too soon, the song ended and we slowed to a halt. Edward flashed me a blinding grin, violet
lights reflecting off of his pearly teeth and paper white skin in a dazzling effect.

"Do you need a break?" he asked, not a hair out of place.

My heart still fluttered against my ribcage, but I shook my head. I wasn't quite ready to let go
of this moment. "Another song," I insisted as I caught my breath.

"It would be my pleasure," he murmured, and then, we were flying under the hypnotic lights
once more.

The songs blended, one into the next, as I continued to follow Edward's lead. His firm grip on
me was anchoring, as though he were keeping me from floating away in a sea of bliss.

I wished we could dance forever.

But my feet were starting to hurt and my stamina was dwindling.

"I think I need a moment," I gasped, short of breath as I twirled under his arm.

Edward drew me back into his arms. "Are you finally losing steam?"

"Unfortunately," I said with a breathless laugh.

And then, I spun out from Edward's arms, but to my shock, he let me go. And for one,
terrifying moment, I was falling―

"Oof!"

"You okay there?"

"Jasper!" I gasped, clutching his arms as I regained my balance. "Thanks for catching me!"

Jasper grinned sharply. "Glad to be of service, Iz."

My dance with Jasper was much slower, as we both watched Edward and Alice twirling
across the dance floor like a pair of competitive performers.
"What a bunch of show-offs," I scoffed.

"Alice rather enjoys the attention," Jasper chuckled fondly.

"I'm sure Edward does too," I said with a laugh.

Jasper hummed in agreement and then asked, "Should I fetch you a drink? Your heart is still
beating quite fast."

"Oh! Yes, please," I said.

"Wait here."

Jasper disappeared into the throng of students, his presence causing them to part around him
like the red sea.

"Isabella!"

I whirled around at the sound of Leah's voice.

"Leah?" I gaped, rushing to meet her, ducking around a few dancing couples. "What are you
guys doing here?!" I shouted over the music.

At Leah's side, Embry offered me a cheerful wave.

"That girl―"

"Whitney," Embry offered, when it appeared Leah couldn't recall her name.

"Yeah, her," Leah continued with a snap of her fingers. "She wouldn't let us in at first. Not
until we told her we were friends of yours."

"We didn't know you were so popular, Isabella," Embry snickered.

I rolled my eyes. "It's a small school."

"Izzy, everything okay?" Jasper asked, suddenly reappearing at my shoulder. He pressed a red
solo cup into my hands, eyeing Leah and Embry with an air of menace.

"I'm fine. Thanks, Jazz," I said and took a sip. I wrinkled my nose at the sharp taste. Someone
had already spiked the punch.

"Is this your mosquito boyfriend?" Leah asked, eyeing Jasper with a wary eye.

"Pfft. Jasper?" I laughed. "No. Jazz, this is Leah and Embry, my friends from the reservation.
Guys, this is Jasper. He's my friend, and Alice's partner."

"Oh, yeah. I remember her," Leah recalled. "Nice to meet you, I guess?"

"Likewise," Jasper said dryly.
"Shit, there she is now," Embry suddenly said, gesturing towards a group of students standing
in line for the photo booth.

"Who?" I asked.

"Whitney," Leah said with a scoff. "Embry here thinks he's a charmer."

"I didn't say that," Embry protested, cheeks reddening. "I just said I think she might be into
me."

"Whatever," Leah shrugged. "Go on, idiot. I think you might actually have a chance."

"Really? Thanks, Leah!" he beamed and darted off.

"Dumbass," Leah grumbled, sounding reluctantly fond.

"Leah, what's going on?" I asked. "You didn't say you were coming tonight."

"Last minute idea. Embry is super bummed because Jacob and Quil are currently getting
special treatment," Leah said, features twisting with disdain.

For a last minute idea, Leah cleaned up nicely. Her hair shone like a rippling waterfall,
sparkling under the beaming lights. And her white, thin-strapped dress hugged her torso and
waist snuggly, skirt fluttering in loose layers and contrasting sharply against her dark skin.

"Special treatment?" I asked around another sip of the spiked punch. "From the council?"

"From Sam," she spat. "Since they're in the know, Sam decided they're unofficially part of the
pack now. He's 'showing them the ropes' as we speak."

"My understanding was that you're meant to join the pack too, Leah," Jasper said.

Leah snorted. "You didn't tell them?"

"I didn't," I said with a shake of my head, before turning to Jasper. "The council isn't aware of
my abilities. So, they're not aware that Leah will be the first female shifter."

"I see," he said with a surprising look of relief. "It's probably best if they have no information
on you."

"Why's that?" Leah asked, eyes narrowing. While she was no huge fan of the council herself,
it was incredibly doubtful she would take slander from an outsider. Especially one who was
meant to be an enemy.

"I'm not intending to offend you, ma'am," Jasper said diplomatically. "But Isabella has
powerful abilities. If they were to be discovered by the wrong person, one could only imagine
the consequences."

Leah arched an eyebrow. "Have you told her that? Because she easily shared everything she
knows with me and the guys."
Jasper grimaced. "She is rather reckless."

"Uh, I'm still here," I grumbled. "Besides, I trust Leah."

Leah flicked her hair back and shot Jasper a triumphant grin. "Thank you, Isabella."

It was then that Embry popped back at our side.

"I got her number," he said, proudly waving a folded piece of paper. "And she said she was
gonna save me a dance!"

"Good for you, snuffles," Leah said with a huff. "Now, come on. Let's dance."

Embry obediently scurried after her.

"Is something wrong with your drink?" Jasper asked, frowning when he realized I had only
taken a few sips.

"It's spiked with alcohol," I explained. "Did you see if they had any water?"

Jasper nodded. "They do."

This time, I accompanied Jasper to one of the decorated tables, laden with disposable cups
and a variety of glass dispensers.

"Here," Jasper said, picking out a cup for me and topping it off with water.

"Thanks!"

I took a long drink and sighed in relief.

"Jazz, can I ask you a question?"

Jasper eyed me curiously. "I reckon you can."

"There's something I've wondered about," I said, taking another sip. "Back in the
beginning…how exactly did you plan to murder me?"

Jasper suddenly smirked, appearing morbidly amused.

"Why, isn't this ghastly?"

I peeked over my shoulder and grinned. "Alice!"

"Let me see here," Alice said, scooching in between Jasper and I. From out of thin air, she
procured a tube of red lipstick and applied a fresh layer of product across my lips. "Okay,
now pop your lips…perfect!"

"Thanks. I don't know what I'd do without you," I teased.
"If it weren't for Alice, we'd be unable to leave the house," Edward said with a grin, scooping
up my hand and lacing our fingers together.

"You won't be laughing when all your trousers inevitably go missing," Alice harrumphed.
"Now go," she said, swiping my cup out of my hand. "It's a dance! Not a funeral. Honestly,
you two."

Jasper and I snickered.

"So sorry, your highness," I called as Edward pulled me back in the direction of the dance
floor.

This time around, Edward and I kept it simple, merely wrapping our arms around each other
and swaying to the music. We were highly unremarkable compared to the spectacle Rosalie
and Emmett were making, giving Edward and Alice's previous dance a run for their money as
they spun brazenly around the other dancers.

"How are all of you this theatrical?" I laughed.

"It's not theatrics," Edward assured me with an indulgent smile. "We simply don't fit in."

"Hmm," I hummed, resting my cheek against his shoulder. "It must be tough."

"Yes," Edward agreed quietly. "We're too other to fit in with humans, and too human to fit in
with those of our kind."

"Really? It didn't seem like it, at Kate's wedding."

"Our cousins understand us. But even Jasper's family finds us strange," he explained, words
murmured near my ear. "There's always been a disconnect between us and those who drink
human blood, not because of our diet, but we simply…act too human."

"So the charade isn't entirely dropped, even at home?"

"No. When we learn to be human, we pick up habits that are not natural to us―behaving in
ways that are too slow, too limited. In the privacy of our home, we can be ourselves without
restraint, but some mannerisms tend to stick. Though I doubt you would've noticed."

"No," I agreed. "It's all so extraordinary and foreign to me. I guess all the little details get lost
in the unfamiliar. But, at least you have each other."

"There isn't anything any of us wouldn't do to protect our family, our way of life."

And it left me wondering where that could leave us all. Because I wasn't at all confident in a
destined happily ever after.

How far would this unknown entity go to capture me? Alice had never once pointed to any of
the others vanishing in her visions alongside me, but even if she had, I don't believe she
would've told me; surely in a misguided attempt to free me of any guilt.
I clung to Edward a little bit tighter.

There wasn't anything I myself could do to protect any of them. I could only trust in Alice's
one vision, that we would make it through this, even if I had to turn. Because even though I'd
never wished to be a vampire, I could no longer imagine a world in which I walked away
from Edward, or anyone in his family.

I'd lost count of the number of dances we'd swayed to, when Jessica called our attention from
across the dance floor.

"Come on guys! We're about to take pictures!"

I quickly shook off any traces of melancholy and pulled back to smirk at Edward. "Well?" I
asked. "Think you can handle the inevitable bunny fingers?"

Edward rolled his eyes. "I'm sure I'll live."

I pulled him along with a laugh, joining Jessica and the others, where they were grouped by
the photo booth, next in line.

"Isabella, you look gorgeous!" Jess squealed.

"Thanks! So do you," I said. Jessica's hair fell around her face, glossy and smooth, and her
eyelids glittered pink, matching the exact shade of her dress.

Beside me, Edward chatted with Ben.

"By the way," Jess said, abruptly lowering her voice. I had to strain my ears to hear her above
the deafening music. "I wanted to check in on you. I heard Edward's family is leaving Forks.
Is that true?"

"Oh," I said. Had the rumor finally spread? It felt like old news. "Yes, as soon as Edward's
older siblings graduate in June."

Jessica looked devastated. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"I'm sorry, Jess," I said, feeling a twinge of guilt. The real significance behind the
announcement was stressful enough that I'd forgotten how my human friends might react to
it. "But, I'd rather just enjoy my time with Edward for now. No sense in crying about it yet."

"You're a stronger woman than I," Jessica said solemnly. "I'm sorry."

"It'll be okay," I assured her.

"Guys, we're up next," Angela called us.

We all converged behind the camera lense, between the balloon arrangements and backed by
sparkling streamers.
It was a blur of movement and laughter as we took pictures, switching between couples,
friends, and the group as a whole. At one point, Leah and Embry joined us and I went around
and introduced them.

It was once we got kicked out of the photo booth after hogging it for too long, that Mr. Varner
confronted Leah and I.

"Miss Swan," he called, glaring at any student who pushed too close to him. "What is this I
hear of you sneaking in kids from other schools?"

"Oh, shit," Leah mumbled under her breath.

I turned and gazed up innocently at the math teacher. "But Mr. Varner," I said. "Are we only
allowed to bring a date from Forks High?"

He shot Leah a squinty glare. "I thought Mr. Cullen was your date."

I shook my head. "Mr. Varner, have you never heard of a polygamous relationship?"

His eye twitched. "…I don't get paid enough for this."

Leah burst into raucous laughter as soon as Mr. Varner disappeared, swallowed by the gaggle
of students converging closer to the dance floor.

"Isabella, you are my hero!" she howled in laughter.

"Whatever you say," I huffed. "Go on, have fun before you officially get kicked out."

"Yes, sir," she saluted me and flounced off, likely in search of another dance partner. Embry
had been claimed by Whitney not too long ago.

"Isabella!" Jess popped up by my side again and began dragging me by the hand. "Come on,
Eric's about to play it!"

"Huh? Play what?"

Fortunately, Edward found me amongst the bedlam of students scrambling to line up across
the dance floor just as Eric started blasting the song.

"Oh hell," I laughed. "How old is this song?"

"Five years," Edward said, pitching his voice so that I could hear him above the chaos.
"Why?"

"It'll be a keeper," I winked at him as we clapped our hands under the instructions of DJ
Casper.

Edward laughed in disbelief. "For another fifteen years?"

"And maybe even more," I said, nearly crashing into Jessica as we moved to the left.
Dancing the Cha Cha Slide with my friends was a grand time, even with Jessica bumping
into me. But I couldn't help but feel nostalgic, remembering old school dances I'd once
attended, dancing to the same song with my old friends. For the most part, I made an effort
not to think about them, but at the moment it was especially hard.

Still, I tried to focus on Jessica giggling beside me and Angela in front of me, dancing out of
sync. It was a fun time and I refused to get caught up in the past yet again.

But of course, Edward noticed.

"Isabella, is something wrong?" he asked me quietly as the song came to an end.

"I'm okay," I assured him, unwilling to open up that can of worms at this particular moment.
"But the Cha Cha Slide has nothing on the Cupid Shuffle."

Edward arched an eyebrow. "I'm afraid that one hasn't been released yet, love."

"I'm sure it won't be long now."

"Show me?" Edward asked, as students began to drift away from the dance floor.

"It's not as fancy as your ballroom dancing," I warned him.

"That doesn't matter to me," he chuckled.

"Alright, fine, let's do it. Follow along with me," I said and began moving to the right.
Dancing the Cupid Shuffle to the beat of Green Day's American Idiot was an adjustment, but
an enjoyable one, and fortunately the steps were simple enough.

"Now kick," I told Edward, kicking out each of my feet once and then twice. "Think you can
remember that?"

"I'm sure I'll keep up," Edward laughed as we turned and started from the top.

It was as we finished the second rendition and turned again, that I noticed some of my friends
dancing around us, following our steps.

I locked eyes with Edward, but he looked just as bewildered as I did.

"You think this'll break the space-time continuum?" I asked as we turned again and stepped to
the right.

"The world isn't falling apart just yet," Edward said, and then added as we began moving to
the left, "But if anyone remembers this night, I suspect time-traveler will not be their first
conclusion."

I laughed. "No one except for June."

As soon as the song ended, my friends burst into applause around me.
"That was fun, Isabella!" Jessica grinned, bouncing over to my side.

"Oh, uh, thanks. I'm glad you liked it Jess," I smiled nervously. Hopefully, in a few years, it
really would be forgotten.

"Ooh! I love this song! Let's dance!" Jessica insisted as U2's Vertigo blasted around us.

"Okay!" I laughed and we all devolved into a chaotic sort of dance with no rhyme or reason,
simply getting lost in the music.

The song turned into another and another as I danced with Jessica and our group of friends,
having a blast while Eric played one rock song after the next.

It was a lively night, but as soon as I had a moment to breathe, I clasped my hand around
Edward's wrist and hissed, "Come on, follow me!"

Edward was quick on the uptake, paving the way through the crowds, until we reached the
exit doors near the back.

The sudden slap of cold air against my hot skin was a gratifying relief.

"Do you wish to leave?" Edward asked, as the doors slammed shut behind us.

"No, of course not," I said with a smile, moving to lean against the wall of the building. The
high heels were starting to become painful. "I just needed a little break, that's all."

"You should have said so sooner," Edward said, moving close and pressing a cool palm
against my warm cheek. His bright, tawny eyes examined me slowly. "Did you have a
pleasant time?"

My smile softened. "Without a doubt," I assured him, reaching up to curl my fingers around
his wrist. "Did you?"

Edward gently pressed his forehead against mine. "I'm with you, aren't I?"

"So cheesy," I giggled.

Edward's lips split into a crooked smile. "Thank you for inviting me."

"Anytime," I said, pushing myself away from the wall, feeling the sudden urge to be closer to
him.

Edward obliged, snaking his free arm around my waist. Even with my heels, he still needed
to duck his head down as he pressed his mouth against mine.

He kissed me gently, tenderly.

I could feel myself melting against him, heart tap dancing against my ribcage, a whirlwind of
emotions surging in my chest and painfully gripping my heart. Oh, yes, I do love him.
  His lips parted against mine and I inhaled a mouthful of his fragrant aroma, becoming
  incredibly dazed as a result.

  And then, the skies unleashed a torrential downpour.

  Edward and I immediately broke apart, gazing up at the rain showering upon us in disbelief.

  "Alice couldn't have warned us?" I laughed as I quickly became drenched, my hair losing all
  volume and the floating sleeves of my dress clinging to my skin.

  "That little sneak," he scowled, glaring up at the storm through his flattened hair, as though it
  were a personal offense. "Come on, let's get out of here."

  "What? Wait!" I said, before he could distance himself from me. "Just another minute."

  "It's cold and your bandages are wet," Edward argued, nonplussed.

  "A minute. Please?" I cajoled him softly.

  He heaved a sharp, very unnecessary sigh. "If this is the death of you…"

  "It won't be. I'm not that fragile," I assured him, tangling my fingers through his doused hair
  and drawing him close.

  Under the shroud of rain, Edward kissed me earnestly, crushing his lips against mine and
  sweeping his tongue across my lower lip, tasting the rain, tasting me.

  The flavor of his mouth was intoxicating, addicting. I wanted more. But I only got as far as
  capturing his lower lip between my teeth, before Edward pulled back with a groan.

  "Sorry, love," he breathed against my soaked skin. "Sharp teeth."

  "How cruel," I murmured, catching my breath. Still, my heart fluttered in my chest, feeling as
  though it would burst with emotion.

  He chuckled darkly. "I'm aware."

  "So," I asked him instead, still trapped in his arms, trapped in the rain, but unwilling to break
  away just yet. "Is there still a thunderstorm scheduled for tomorrow?"



Chapter End Notes



    A thunderstorm? I think we all know what that means…

    I wrote this chapter while I've been sick, so I blame that for any typos. But I hope y'all
    enjoyed the update. Be sure to drop a comment and let me know your thoughts on the
    chapter! And I promise to update soon! <3
                         Chapter 47: Ballgame Theme Intensifies
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   "How do I look?" I asked, sliding into the kitchen with a grin.

   Charlie glanced up from the stove, where he appeared to be cooking for once. "A baseball
   uniform?" he asked in disbelief.

   "I told you Edward invited me to go play baseball with his family," I reminded him, adjusting
   the baseball cap over my twin french braids.

   Charlie couldn't quite erase the skepticism from his face. "Are you sure that's safe?"

   I wrinkled my nose. "I'll mostly be watching," I assured him, quelling my disappointment.
   Even if I knew I couldn't keep up with the Cullens, Charlie wasn't supposed to think that.

   Except he was, because I was meant to be playing the role of someone else.

   "It's probably your safest bet," he chortled.

   I grimaced.

   "What are you cooking?" I asked him instead, dropping into one of the kitchen chairs,
   pushing down the dread creeping up my gut. This wasn't about me. For the sake of Charlie's
   sanity, I had to keep playing the role of Bella.

   "Nothing. I'm reheating that ground beef you cooked earlier this week. The one with the
   potatoes and veggies."

   "Leftovers? On a Sunday?" I laughed. "Why not order some takeout or go to the diner?"

   Charlie shrugged, using a spatula to shuffle the beef across the pan. "I like your cooking," he
   admitted, sounding almost shy.

   A grin stretched across my face. "Is that so, chief? I should probably do it more often."
   Cooking wasn't my favorite pastime, but for Charlie I could be persuaded. After all, his
   memories with me would be all he'd have left of his daughter.

   "No need to do that on my account, Bells," he assured me. "You focus on being young. Are
   you going to want a plate?"

   I shook my head. "No, Edward will be here any minute."

   As I said this, the doorbell rang.

   "Speak of the devil," Charlie snorted. "Go on, you have fun."
I jumped to my feet, but before I rushed out of the kitchen, I impulsively darted forward and
enveloped Charlie in a sudden hug.

"Bella?" he asked, awkwardly wrapping an arm around me.

"I love you, dad," I mumbled against his shoulder. I appreciated Charlie. So much so, that I
could do this one thing for him.

"I love you too, Bells," he choked out, pressing his face against the top of my cap. And I
wondered how long he'd been needing to hear that.

I lingered for a few seconds longer, before pulling away. "I'll be back later tonight."

"Go on," he said, smiling gently. As I hurried off, he called after me, "And stay away from
the bat! And the ball!"

"Will do, chief," I called with a roll of my eyes, snatching my black parka and exiting the
front door.

Edward was waiting for me on the porch, just outside the reach of the heavy rainstorm, damp
hair tousled and windblown. "Everything alright, love?" he asked, eyeing me with concern,
likely having heard my exchange with Charlie.

"Yep!" I said, shrugging on my parka. "How do I look?"

"Like a true Cullen," he chuckled, tapping the bill of my baseball cap.

"A class act to be sure," I grinned, and then turned a wary eye to the torrential downpour,
across from which I could make out the shadow of Emmett's enormous Jeep parked behind
my truck. "I'm going to make a run for it."

Flicking the hood over my cap, I jogged down the steps and splashed across the slick
driveway. Edward chased after me and beat me to the passenger side. He opened the door for
me, grabbing me by the waist and hauling me up into the seat.

"Thanks, babe!" I called, just before he shut the door.

I pulled off my hood and tried to make sense of the off-roading harness, but didn't have much
luck.

As soon as he was on the driver's side, Edward leaned over me and adjusted the straps of the
harness, buckling me in. His face was mere inches from my own, and I couldn't help but
close the distance, pressing a quick kiss against the corner of his lips.

Edward grinned, pleased, as he secured the last buckle. "What was that for?"

"What?" I pouted. "I can't kiss my own boyfriend?"

"You need only say the word," he murmured, unbelievably close once more, before he pushed
his mouth softly against mine.
I knotted my fingers through his damp hair. His scent was pleasantly dizzying and I angled
my face closer as we kissed, slow and unhurried.

I melted with intense adoration and I wondered how anyone could love another so
profoundly. It felt as though my heart were too big for my chest.

All too soon I grew breathless and Edward pulled away before I could pass out.

My chest heaved as I caught my breath and I relaxed my fingers, slipping them through his
hair and caressing his face. Edward's gaze remained steadfast, red lips stretched into a dopey
grin.

Once I could breathe properly, I said, cheeks still flushed, "We should go."

"I'm almost tempted not to," Edward said, voice low, eyes lingering, before he reluctantly
pulled away.

"I know," I said as the engine roared to life. "But I didn't dress in this cute baseball outfit for
nothing."

"You do realize," he said, as he confidently began driving through the gloomy downpour.
"You are not actually playing baseball tonight."

I stuck out my tongue. "A girl can dream."

"If Emmett had it his way, we would make the right accommodations just for you."

I narrowed my eyes. "And why doesn't he?"

"I don't trust him," was his simple reply.

I released a sharp laugh. "Typical."

"In an ideal world, he could safely include you in his games. But I can throw Emmett a lot
further than I can trust him."

"All this Emmett slander," I tsked disapprovingly. "And he's not even here to defend
himself."

"You'll be hearing from him soon enough," Edward said as he merged the Jeep out of the
highway and onto a steep, mountain path.

"Oh, shit," I cursed, the harness the only thing keeping me in place as the engine revved
thunderously and the wheels crushed the undergrowth, jerking us up and down through the
rugged terrain.

Edward laughed.

Eventually, the path came to an end when we were met with a green wall of towering firs.
The rain had slowed to a barely-there drizzle.

"We'll have to go on foot from here," he said, shutting off the engine.

"How the hell does this thing come off?" I demanded, struggling to loosen the multiple straps
from the off-roading harness.

"Let me," Edward said, gently pushing aside my hands and unclasping the multiple buckles
in quick succession.

And then, his fingers slowly wandered down the length of my neck and along my
collarbones. When his gaze lingered on my mouth for too long, I surged forward and kissed
him again, tasting the seam of his lips.

He cradled my face between his hands and kissed me back, just as eager.

But too soon, he pulled away and began dragging his mouth across the sensitive skin of my
neck and along the hollow at the base of my throat.

I breathed out a sudden moan and Edward abruptly jerked back.

"Let's get out of here before I do something really stupid," he said roughly and vanished from
my arms.

I bit my lip to keep from laughing, amused, but mostly disappointed.

Edward appeared by my side of the car and opened the door. "Are you ready?"

"Of course," I grinned, taking his hand as I jumped out of the Jeep and onto his back.

Once my legs and arms were locked around him, Edward shut the door and warned me,
"Hold on tight."

He forgot to call me spider monkey.

The world became a green blur around us, wind whistling sharply against my ears and drying
my eyes as we flew through the forest like a shot.

It was over in less than a minute.

With Edward's help, I jumped down to my feet, white tennis shoes sinking into thick moss
and damp soil. The drizzle had tapered off into a light fog.

"Where to?" I asked. The trees looked the same in every direction and the gloom had set in,
shadows consuming any path that might be visible to my eyes.

"This way," Edward directed me, clasping his hand with mine.

I threaded my fingers through his and hurried to keep up as he lead me through tall, wet ferns
and draping moss. We edged around the sprawling roots of a hemlock tree and finally broke
out into the massive field cradled between the Olympic peaks.

It felt like a lifetime ago, that I'd last been here. The pile of ashes where James and his coven
had once burned was long washed away.

In the distance, Esme, Emmett, and Rosalie sat on an outcropping of rocks. Much further out,
Jasper and Alice stood across from each other at opposite ends of the field, throwing a
baseball back and forth, though it remained invisible to my eyes. And it appeared as though
Carlisle was moving about marking bases.

As we drew closer, Emmett hopped to his feet.

"You made it!" he said, waving enthusiastically in our direction.

I grinned and called, "What's this I hear about accommodations?"

His face split into a pleased grin. "Edward gave the green light?"

"Not yet," I winked.

"Most certainly not," Edward scoffed as we reached the rock outcropping where Esme and
Rosalie still sat. "I thought it might appease you to know that you had one ally. Emphasis on
one."

"With my talents, one is all you need," Emmett said smugly.

"Do not encourage him, please," Rosalie cut in, shooting me a look of long-suffering. "The
last thing we need is the human going splat."

I gaped. "What exactly did you have in mind, Emmett?!" I demanded. "Because I am not a
fly to be swatted around!"

"You're not a fly, Iz," he assured me. "More like a…baton."

I squinted in disbelief. "This is baseball, not a relay race."

Emmett tilted his head in thought. "It could be both."

"No," Esme said, pushing herself to her feet. "No one is throwing Isabella around like a
baton."

"Boo," Emmett pouted. "And after you came up with something as cool as vampire foosball,
I really thought you'd be down."

"I was a spectator of vampire foosball, not a player," I reminded him, rolling my eyes. "And
just wait until I introduce you to slip-n-slide hockey."

"Oh hell yeah, that sounds sick!" Emmett cheered.

Alice suddenly appeared at his side.
"It's time," she announced, backed by a boom of thunder that shook the forest beyond us and
crashed westward towards town.

"We're picking up this conversation later, Iz," Emmett warned me, before leaping after Alice
and reappearing across the other side of the field. Rosalie gracefully stood to her feet and
flew after them.

"Are you ready for some ball?" Edward asked me, eyes bright with enthusiasm.

"Go kick ass, babe," I cheered, going on my tippy-toes to peck his cheek.

Edward shot me a grin and bounded off after Emmett, Alice, and Rosalie.

"Isabella, how are you, sweet girl?" Esme asked, drawing me into a gentle embrace.

"I've been doing good," I assured her, hugging her tightly, before pulling back. "How's
everything in Calgary?"

Esme kept our arms locked as we strode in the direction of the marked field. "Better than
expected. The boys have been a great help in hurrying things along."

"I'm glad," I said with a smile. "Are they making you referee again tonight?"

"They're not forcing me," she assured me with a sweet laugh. "I prefer to referee. Less
cheating that way."

"Even Carlisle?" I teased.

"Even Carlisle," she said with a solemn expression.

I gasped and laughed at the unexpected revelation. "Unbelievable!"

Another peal of thunder shook the sky as we reached the edge of the field, where everyone
had already taken their place.

Edward was far out in left field, Carlisle stood between the first and second bases, and Alice
held the ball, positioned on the pitcher's mound.

Emmett stood at home plate, nimbly swinging the aluminum bat in his grip, while Jasper
crouched a few feet behind him, catching for Alice's team. I halted a couple of feet to the left
as Esme went ahead and took the position of umpire behind Jasper.

"Alright!" Esme called, her gentle voice carrying easily across the sprawling field. "Batter
up!"

Alice stood straight, deceptively motionless, the ball concealed behind both hands at her
waist.

And then, so quick I nearly missed it, her right hand flicked out and Emmett twisted the bat
in a massive, blurred swing.
The ball smacked into Jasper's hand.

"Strike!" I called, egging Emmett on.

But Emmett didn't rise to the bait. Instead, he took a few more practice swings, before falling
back into ready position.

Jasper hurled the ball back into Alice's waiting hand. She grinned. And then, her hand spun
out again.

This time, Emmett swung the bat in time to smash it against the ball, a crack of thunder
shattering the silence.

The ball shot like a meteor above the field, flying deep into the surrounding forest.

"Holy shit!" I whistled, craning my head and stumbling a step back as I lost complete sight of
the ball.

Emmett was a blur around the bases, Carlisle shadowing him. Edward was missing.

"Out!" Esme cried.

Edward sprang from the fringe of the trees, ball in his upraised hand, a wide grin stretching
across his face.

"Oh, hell yeah!" I jumped and cheered. "Go Team Edward!"

"Don't get so excited, Swan! That was only the first out," Emmett said as Jasper took his
place in the batter's box.

I merely shrugged and grinned.

Rosalie replaced Jasper as catcher while he went to bat and Alice switched up the play.

The changeup wasn't enough to catch Jasper off guard. He caught Alice's pitch off the end of
the bat and drove the ball straight in Carlisle's direction.

The race to first was a close one that resulted in Carlisle crashing against Jasper, the
deafening boom of two boulders colliding.

"Safe!" Esme called.

They switched again, Emmett now acting as catcher and Rosalie standing in the batter's box.

Alice's first curveball sailed straight past Rosalie and into Emmett's hand. Unfortunately, I
wasn't confident enough in my truce with Rosalie to jeer at her, as I had with Emmett.

Rosalie caught Alice's next pitch, a clap of thunder that sailed far into left field.

The race was on.
Alice blurred out of existence, swiping the ball before Edward could get to it and chasing
Jasper down. It was a blot of movement that I could barely make out, but I caught a glimpse
of Alice's half-spin maneuver that allowed her to slide past Jasper and tag him from behind, a
few feet short of home base.

"Out!" Esme called.

Rosalie stood safely at second base with a smug expression.

Emmett's next hit was high, rather than long. Despite Edward catching the third out, Rosalie
flitted quickly to home base, scoring their first point.

It was the fastest end to a half-inning I had ever witnessed. And the most extraordinary.

As Rosalie's team moved out into their field positions, Edward sprinted to my side. "What did
you think?" he asked, eyes glowing with excitement.

"That was incredible," I gushed. "You actually caught Emmett's hit!"

Edward grinned infectiously. "I run the fastest. It's generally how I deal the most outs."

"That's so cool!" I said, bouncing on my feet. "Do you usually team up with Alice and
Carlisle?"

"Not always. But Rosalie got to pick teams this time," he said, rolling his eyes.

"Huh. Interesting." As far as choosing teammates went, Emmett and Jasper seemed to be the
obvious choices. But it was surprising that Rosalie didn't put as much stock in Edward and
Alice's gifts.

"I'm up," he said and headed for the plate, scooping up the tossed bat.

I leaned forward in anticipation, but there was no crack of thunder. Edward bunted Jasper's
pitch and the ball bounced unpredictably across the field. By the time Emmett got his hands
on it, Edward stood safely at second base.

"Whoo!" I cheered. "Nice play!"

"Alice should've got you a cheerleading outfit instead!" Rosalie scoffed, voice carrying all
the way from the outfield.

"I like the way you think, Rosalie!" I grinned and shot her a thumbs up.

Though I couldn't see her well from this distance, I had the sense that she was rolling her
eyes at me.

Carlisle was up to bat next, but his hit against the ball was less thunderous, more explosive.
The trees shuddered in the aftershock as the ball was blasted to kingdom come.

Edward was quick as lightning, reaching home base within moments.
Jasper closed in on the home plate, seconds before Carlisle, hand splayed out. But Carlisle
slid across the base just before the ball could smack into Jasper's hand.

"Safe," Esme said and Carlisle flitted to his feet with an expression of triumph.

"Beautiful!" Alice beamed, reaching up to high-five Edward and Carlisle.

Edward returned to my side, lacing his fingers loosely through mine and ducking down to
press a kiss against my cheek.

"Congratulations!" I said, bumping my shoulder against his arm.

Edward flashed me a glowing smile. "Thank you."

Alice went up to bat next.

Jasper pitched a fastball and Alice drove it towards right field. But he managed to intercept
the ball and tag first base before Alice could even reach it.

"Out!" Esme called.

Edward squeezed my fingers, before he went and took his place at the batter's box.

But Jasper pitched a changeup and the ball lost its momentum, hitting the ground too soon
and offering Edward only enough time to reach first base.

Carlisle smashed the ball straight down against the rocky terrain. Jasper leaped up and
quickly got it back into play, leaving Edward on third and Carlisle on first.

With only Alice in play, Esme crouched down as the temporary catcher for Jasper's team.
And I wondered what would happen if all three were left stranded on the bases. Not having
enough players for a full team seemed irritating to work around.

Alice blasted the ball with an echoing boom straight down the right foul line. Instead of
tagging Alice, Jasper scooped up the ball and launched it into Emmett's waiting hand, who
was blocking Edward's path to home base.

Edward ran for it anyway.

"Esme! He's trying to force an out!" Rosalie called as Emmett caught and tagged him.
"Cheater!"

"Rose is right," Esme said, looking at Edward sternly. "Take the field."

Edward shrugged, not looking particularly repentant, but doing as told.

"I don't understand," I said to Esme. "Why was he trying to force an out?"

"The rule for teams of three is that if the bases are loaded, they automatically have to swap
out," she explained, as Edward and his team returned to their positions across the field.
"Oof, that bites," I lamented. "Do you guys ever play with your cousins in Denali? I'm sure
it's more fun in a bigger team."

Esme hummed in acknowledgment. "Yes, though it gets twice as rowdy."

"Oh, I bet," I said with a huff of laughter. "And the addition of Garrett can only serve to liven
things up."

Esme chuckled and agreed.

Rosalie's team caught up in points, gaining the lead. Both her and Jasper managed to make it
back to home base when Emmett went up to bat. He hit the ball with all the ferocity of a
supersonic boom that flattened the brush around us, though he ended up being the first out.

Alice caught Rosalie's fly ball and Jasper made it to first base, but Edward intercepted
Emmett's line drive before it could even hit the forest, and with Carlisle's help, tagged Jasper
out on his way to third. Still, Rosalie's team was in the lead at 3-2.

But none of the innings lasted more than a handful of minutes and they flew straight past the
ninth inning, Edward's team in the lead then, with no end of the storm in sight. The score
continued to fluctuate, generally settling back into a tie and the insults being hurled across the
field grew more and more creative as time wore on.

It wasn't until much later, when Edward's team had struck out at the bottom of the eighteenth,
that Alice announced, "We have time for one more inning!"

Suddenly, they all became tense, expressions pinched with focus as they settled into their
positions, with Jasper going first to bat.

After fouling the first pitch, Jasper slammed the ball far into left field with a thunderous
strike.

It hit the ground and Jasper made it as far as second for a double, before Carlisle and Edward
could intercept him.

Emmett was up next and he crushed Alice's curveball. Edward raced forward to cut off its
trajectory, launching it into Carlisle's hand in quick succession.

Jasper made it safely to third base, while Emmett was out, returning to replace Rosalie as
catcher.

Alice caught Rosalie's square ball, but Jasper's longer stride allowed him to reach home base
before she could cover the same distance and tag him. Jasper went up to bat again and made
it as far as first base, but Emmett's ground ball landed too close to Carlisle, who tagged
Jasper out between first and second base.

They had only scored a single point, but they were in the lead once again.

Edward briefly returned to my side from the outfield with a look of determination. "This is
it," he said.
I tried to squeeze his stone hand. "Good luck."

Edward nodded distractedly as Alice took her position in the batter's box. But she was
quickly taken out when Emmett caught her pop fly to the right. Carlisle hit a ground ball
between shortstop and third, allowing him enough time to reach first for a single. Edward's
line drive was caught by Rosalie, but allowed Carlisle the opportunity to advance to second
base.

This time, Alice launched the ball alongside the left foul line, and made it as far as first base,
while Carlisle reached third.

And then, Edward went up to bat, with Esme subbing in as catcher. I bounced on the soles of
my feet in anticipation.

It was the bottom of the nineteenth and Rosalie's team was winning at 24-23, with Alice at
first and Carlisle at third, and two outs.

It was up to Edward. A hit, and they either won the game or tied it.

"Come on, Edward," I whispered, knowing well he could hear me. "You can do it."

He took a few practice swings and then took his batting stance.

There was cold determination in Jasper's eyes as he began his wind up.

Edward let the first pitch go by for a ball, and then a second.

My feet shifted as I leaned forward. Edward was a patient hitter. Unless Jasper wanted to
chance the possibility of allowing Edward's team to tie on a walk off, there was no way he
wouldn't pitch a strike.

Jasper's next fastball blurred towards the lower end of the strike zone and Edward took the
swing. But this time, there were no bunts or ground balls. Instead, Edward swung the bat in a
single, powerful thrust, striking the ball with a deafening shatter that overpowered the claps
of thunder booming far above us.

Rosalie shot off into the forest, after the ball like a bloodhound.

But by the time she'd launched the ball into Jasper's waiting hand, both Carlisle and Alice had
touched home base and been ruled safe by Esme.

"Whoo!" I shouted, jumping up and pumping my fists. "Hell yeah! Now that's how you clear
the bases!"

Edward had taken off running as soon as he'd hit the ball, but once Alice and Carlisle bumped
the score up in their favor, he abandoned his trajectory around the diamond and flew back in
my direction. He slowed down long enough for me to catch his intent, before colliding with
me.
  Still, I shouted in surprise, wrapping my arms around his neck as he lifted me up and spun me
  around.

  "I knew you could do it!" I cheered, another peal of laughter escaping me as he spun me
  around yet again.

  Edward's thousand watt grin was the biggest I'd ever seen on him. And for an instant, I
  wished we could stay in this moment, that the rush of giddy joy blazing in my chest could be
  frozen in time.

  Whatever the future held, it couldn't strip me of this memory. It was far too precious.



Chapter End Notes



    If y'all wanna try something fun, reread the baseball scene while listening to
    Supermassive Black Hole. It's so nostalgic!

    And sorry if you guys wanted drama in this chapter. I'm predictable, but I'm not that
    predictable. Anyway, thanks for chugging along the canon train with me. Drama and
    plot await in the next chapter ;)

    Thank you for all the well wishes. I am doing better! :) Let's hope I have a better year
    health-wise. And I hope you all enjoyed the chapter! I had a blast writing it, so let me
    know your thoughts. I'll be sure to update soon! :)
                              Chapter 48: Rook, Line, and Sinker
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It was the aggravating buzzing of my cellphone which finally dragged me out of bed. It was
   spring break―I wasn't supposed to be awake before noon.

   "Hello?" I mumbled into my cellphone, dropping my face against Pepto's pink fuzzy belly.

   "Pop tart girl, you don't sound so good," a familiar voice giggled from the other line.

   "Serena?" I said groggily, sitting up and wiping my eyes with the back of my hand. "Hey,
   what's up?"

   "Ooh, is this a good time to call? I'm so glad! I've been volunteering at this blood drive on
   campus on top of class work and clinicals, so I haven't had much of a break."

   "Sounds like you've been keeping yourself busy," I hummed sleepily, leaning back against the
   pillows piled across my headboard. "How's your wrist?"

   "Oh, don't worry about that. It's all better now. Scouts honor!" she said, keeping her voice
   upbeat.

   My face twisted in disbelief. I'd last spoken with her a little over a week ago. That was hardly
   enough time for a sprained wrist to heal up, as far as I knew. "Really?" I asked skeptically.

   "Yep. There was hardly any damage. I promise, he didn't really mean to hurt me," she
   insisted, a hard edge to her voice.

   "Alright…" I relented, taking a hint. Despite my vehement urge to argue, I didn't think I'd get
   anywhere with Serena. Instead, I asked, "Are you okay?"

   "Well, that's actually what I was calling you about," she admitted, voice subdued. "There's no
   one else I can talk to about this, as you well know."

   I frowned. "What's going on?"

   "It's Angelo. He's been acting…strange."

   "Strange how?"

   "I'm not sure, it's more of a feeling than anything else," she said with a small sigh of
   frustration. "But I think he might be in trouble."

   The warning bells were blaring in my head. "Serena, whatever the hell he's gotten involved
   in, you need to steer clear. His world is dangerous."
"I know, but…I worry about him."

"I promise you, Serena, he can take care of himself," I said firmly, determined to keep her
from doing something foolish. "It's you, you need to watch out for, otherwise you could get
seriously hurt."

"I know he would never intentionally hurt me, but I'm not stupid, Isabella," Serena said,
sounding frustrated. "I know I'm in danger when I'm near him, but…I love him. How far
would you go, for the vampire that you love?"

It was so difficult to even imagine that someone like Edward could face real, legitimate
danger. But the idea caused a mixture of fear and dread to painfully knot up in my chest and
tighten around my lungs.

"I would do anything in my power," I finally said, voice thick, fingers curled and fisted into
the hem of my comforter. "But…do you think Angelo would do the same for you?"

"I'd like to think so," she said weakly. "And what about your vampire? Would he go so far for
you? I forget…what was his name?"

"I never told you his name." Nor did I plan to. The less Serena knew, the better. With the way
she had opened up to me so easily, I had little doubt she would do the same with Angelo.

Serena didn't sound bothered. "Oh. Well, all the same."

"He…he would do everything he could to protect me," I said. Of that, I was sure.

"I hope for both our sakes, that we're right," Serena huffed a tired sigh. "Sorry about all that.
I'm a bit stressed out, but thank you. I know what I need to do now."

"Yeah," I said quietly. "I have to go. But…call me if you need anything."

"I will!" Serena chirped, upbeat once more. "Bye!"

Absentmindedly, I snapped my phone closed and got up to get ready for the day.

I went through the motions―showering, getting dressed, making lunch.

All the while, my thoughts were cagey, restless. I couldn't make sense of it. There was
something wrong. The sickened feeling in the pit of my stomach would not leave me.

When I'd first met Serena, it had been strange. Vampires mating with humans was extremely
uncommon; an anomaly. To meet another human similar to me was a bizarre coincidence.
And in the face of Alice's vision and the mysterious chain of events which would lead to my
transformation, Serena had become a blip in my concerns.

But…what if it hadn't been a coincidence at all? What if meeting Serena had been the
key―the trigger. What if the blind spot was Angelo?

BEEEEP!
I gasped, dropping the ceramic bowl of half-eaten cereal into the sink with a sharp clang and
splatter, as the deafening sound of a car horn blared from outside.

"Shit," I hissed, rinsing my hands of soggy cereal and rushing over to peek through the panels
of the window shutters.

Emmett's Jeep was parked outside. Through his rolled-down windows, he waved at me with a
face-splitting grin.

I stepped back and shook off the fear, the anxiety. I was spending the afternoon at the
Cullen's house today. Surely, they would know what to do.

I walked over to the front hall and slid on my coat, trying to relax my expression into
something more amiable. Today was supposed to be fun. Whether my theories turned out to
be right or not, I wouldn't let them ruin my day. I was alive and breathing, with Emmett of all
vampires waiting outside my door―nothing would go wrong. Not yet.

I took a deep, calming breath and left the house.

When I crossed the driveway and opened the passenger door to his enormous Jeep, Emmett
leaned across the center console and peered down at me. "Need a hand?" he asked.

"Yes, please," I said, balancing one foot on the car doorstep and reaching up to grasp his
hand.

With a single pull, Emmett hauled me inside the car.

I dropped into the seat and closed the door before shooting him a smile. "Thanks! Although
I'm curious―how come you're picking me up?"

"What?" Emmett gasped with a look of righteous indignation. "Jasper gets to pick you up, but
I can't?"

I laughed. "Sure you can. It was just unexpected, is all."

"Jasper may be your new BFF, but I'm your big brother, Iz," he winked at me. "And now, it's
our turn to pull a bit of mischief."

I arched my eyebrows in surprise. "What exactly did you have in mind?"

Bemused, I listened to Emmett's fairly simple scheme.

"Of course," he finished. "It all depends on whether you think you're up for it."

I tilted my head in thought. "I think I can do that. But I'm not sure for how long. You'll need
to tell Jasper to be quick about it."

"Alright!" Emmett cheered, pumping his fist. "Let's do this!"
I laughed and then, with a startled yelp, shot my hands out, clutching the door panel and
center console as Emmett swerved onto the road and took off.

"Cool it with the gas pedal, Emmett!" I snapped, fingers curling into a white-knuckled fist
around the oh-shit handle.

Emmett snickered but slowed down the car. "You can trust me, Iz. No need to throw a fit."

"I wouldn't expect you to understand," I grumbled, folding my arms and slumping back
against the seat in relief.

Fortunately, we made it to the house without incident.

Inside, Emmett lead me over to the sitting area, where Jasper sat on the floor, setting up
several wooden chessboards. It was a lineup of three by three, for a total of nine boards,
amounting to a colossal version of the game. From what I could see, each side still
maintained only one king and queen, but the rooks, bishops, and knights were multiplied on
either side of them.

"Wow, you guys are real serious about your chess," I gaped.

"We're an intense lot," Emmett grinned, plopping down beside Jasper and giving the boards a
critical once-over.

It was then that Edward abruptly emerged at the foot of the staircase. "What's going on?" he
asked, eyes narrowed in the direction of Jasper and Emmett. I wondered how well they were
hiding their thoughts from him.

"Emmett says that you and Jasper are playing chess," I piped up as I went to snatch up a
cushion from one of the couches.

"Did he now?" Edward said, sharp gaze now focused on Emmett.

"Are you gonna let your lady down?" Emmett needled him.

Edward rolled his eyes and turned to me. "Do you really want to watch us play chess?"

I nodded enthusiastically as I dropped the cushion on Jasper's free side and settled down
beside him. "Yes, please."

Edward relented, finally moving away from the staircase with long, fluid steps and dropping
down to sit directly across from Jasper, the various boards laid out neatly between them.

"You always refuse to play against me," Edward accused Jasper, skeptical. "Why the sudden
change of heart?"

Jasper lifted his gaze from the boards and ignored his question. "If I win," he began with a
charming smile, "Emmett and I get to choose which activity we do in Seattle."

Edward frowned. "I'm staying with Isabella."
"You should do something fun," I cut in. It was the only reason I was going along with their
scheme in the first place. "I'll be safe with Alice and Rosalie. Please?"

Edward looked torn.

"Besides," I added. "Do you really trust Emmett and Jasper to not do something stupid if you
leave them to their own devices?"

Jasper gave me the stink eye, but didn't disagree.

"Yeah, do ya?" Emmett badgered him.

After a tense moment of silence, Edward finally rolled his eyes and bit out, "Very well."

Jasper peeked at me from the corner of his eyes and tilted his chin.

Recognizing this as my cue, I got to work. With a small frown of concentration, I pushed and
expanded my shield around me, but for once, I didn't push myself to the limit.

Instead, I extended the barrier far enough for it to only encompass Jasper, who sat right
beside me. I'd found that maintaining it was not as difficult when I kept the range small, but I
hadn't yet tested for how long.

When I lifted my gaze, I locked eyes with Edward, who was gaping at me in shock.

"You're…shielding him," he said, eyes alight with wonder. "That's incredible!"

I beamed. "Thanks, I've been working on it."

"This is why you made the bet," Edward realized with a scoff, shooting Emmett and Jasper an
annoyed glare.

"You already agreed!" Emmett grinned. "There's no backing out now."

"Ooh, I want to watch!" Alice suddenly appeared in the room then, dropping down to kneel
beside Edward.

Emmett pointed an accusing finger across the boards. "No! No helping him. We're playing a
nice, clean game in this house for once!"

"Alright, you don't need to be so rude," Alice grumbled and stuck her tongue out.

Emmett did the same, until they devolved into making faces at each other.

I took a look around and realized nobody else had popped by. "Where's everyone else at?"

"Rosalie accompanied Esme to Calgary for the day," Jasper said.

"And Carlisle's at work, which means I'm in charge," Edward added, critically eyeing his
white men and finally moving one of his pawns.
"Oh, do not go there, little bro!" Emmett finally turned away from Alice and scowled at
Edward. "You may have been with Carlisle the longest, but you're still the baby of this
family!"

"What year were you born again, Emmett?" Edward deadpanned.

"You're both wrong," Jasper cut in while making his own move on the board. "Izzy is the new
baby of the family."

"Excuse you?!" I squawked. "Before all this nonsense, I happened to be twenty-five. You
hear that? I'm the only actual adult in this room!"

"Oh really?" Emmett snickered. "What year were you born in?"

I scowled and mumbled something unintelligible.

Alice tilted her head. "What was that, Isabella?"

I huffed an annoyed sigh and admitted, "I was born in 1995."

Everyone turned to me with varying expressions of horror.

"What the fuck," Emmett nearly shrieked. "You really are a baby! 'Only adult in the room'
my ass!"

"Okay, I know it's a bit weird, but I also time traveled, remember?" I pointedly reminded
them.

"But in your 2005, you were only ten," Edward said, looking a bit spooked.

"I don't know how you're only just realizing this now," I grumbled. "You knew I was from
2020 and you knew I was around twenty-five years old based on my brain scans alone. How
did you not do the math?"

Edward dropped his gaze back to the boards. "I suppose, it never occurred to me to do so."

"Wait! Wait! Then when is like, your real birthday?" Emmett asked excitedly.

"It's August tenth."

"Oh, so you're not even ten yet! You're technically nine!" Emmett howled in laughter.

I glared at him. "That's why you wanted to know my birthday?"

"Well, let's look on the bright side," Alice chirped. "At least we've established who the
youngest in the room really is."

Edward, Emmett, and Jasper looked thoughtful as they nodded in agreement.

"Unbelievable!" I muttered.
Edward and Jasper continued their game. They made moves faster than I could keep up with.
Not that it mattered. I knew nil about chess, though my little brother had been a total nerd
about it.

God, I miss that kid, I thought with a pang of remorse.

But, what surprised me the most was how…happy Edward looked. I knew he was excluded
from many games between his siblings due to his telepathy, but I'd never given much thought
to how it might affect him.

Seeing him bright-eyed and keen about playing chess with Jasper was nothing short of
endearing.

"Hah! Look at that!" Emmett suddenly cheered and shot me a blinding grin. "Jasper actually
has a chance!"

"Real encouraging, Em," Jasper grumbled as he glared at the boards in concentration.

"If you say so," I said to Emmett. "I don't really understand too much of what's going on."

Alice flashed me a startled look. "Isabella, you don't know how to play chess?"

I shrugged. "Nope."

"We can't have that," Emmett tsked disapprovingly. "It's real basic, trust me."

Between Emmett and Alice, I slowly picked up on how each piece was able to move over the
spaces. They pointed out some of the strategies Edward and Jasper were utilizing, but at
some point, I ceased to keep track. If anything, I did play a mean game of checkers.

Despite how quickly they moved, the game lasted over an hour. This was mostly ensured by
the enormity of the game; they each had forty-eight individual pieces to move across
numerous boards.

Throughout the course of the match, I could feel my control over the shield beginning to slip.
It ceased to feel like a second nature and I was forced to be intentional in making sure it
didn't dwindle in size.

Which is why, as soon as Jasper cheekily declared, "Checkmate," I jerked my shield back
into place with a resounding snap.

I cringed, feeling as if, for a moment, a cord had wound itself around my mind and tightened
into a crushing knot.

"Love, how are you feeling?"

I blinked quickly as the pain settled and vanished, leaving only the traces of a pulsing echo.
"I think I'm good," I said, massaging the tips of my fingers against my temple, where a faint
pressure remained. "Just a small headache."
"I'll get you some pain meds," Alice volunteered, flitting to her feet and vanishing from the
room.

"Thank you," I called. "Honestly, I'm surprised I held it for as long as I did."

"You're pretty impressive for a human, Iz," Emmett said with a genuine grin.

"No. She's just impressive," Edward corrected him, smiling at me, eyes tender. Despite
having lost the game, he didn't appear at all miffed.

I laughed. "Thanks."

"Sure, but imagine when she's one of us," Emmett said, lighting up with excitement. "It'll be
way more fun playing games without Eddie here ruining the element of surprise!"

Edward rolled his eyes. "Don't call me that."

"Here," Alice said, reappearing at my side with a bottle of painkillers.

"Thank you!"

"Emmett has a point," Jasper said, eyeing me keenly. "If you're able to exert this amount of
control over your shield already, I can only imagine it'll be many times more versatile once
it's augmented by the venom."

"Yeah, probably," I agreed once I'd swallowed a few ibuprofen. "I should at least be able to
expand it to a larger range without inducing a headache."

"It won't be the shield that'll cause the headache," Edward muttered.

"I sense an insult in there somewhere," Emmett said, narrowing his eyes at Edward, before
turning back to me. "What are you going to call the other one anyway? The gift of being a
know-it-all?" he snickered.

I winced. Emmett had hit a little too close to home.

There was a reason Hermione Granger had been one of my favorite fictional characters
growing up. I liked being right and I liked knowing things. I could never have imagined that
my obsession with Twilight as a teen would ever come in handy.

As I had grown older and matured, I'd also learned how to keep my thoughts in check. Most
people didn't appreciate being corrected, and even less enjoyed listening to my endless
rambles about Harry Potter, Twilight, or Marvel. (The subjects varied depending on which
stage of life I was at, though the response tended to remain the same.)

But here I was, trying to act like my tendency to be a know-it-all would actually result in a
cool superpower.

"Iz, what's with the self-reproach?" Jasper was quick to call me out.
"I'd rather not get into it," I said with a small huff. "But, there is something else I need to talk
to you all about. I…I think I messed up."

"I saw that you wanted to talk with us," Alice said and tilted her head curiously. "Although
you haven't actually decided what you're going to say."

"Isabella, what's wrong?" Edward asked.

I blew out a sharp sigh. "The thing is…back when I was in Portland, I met someone. And she
was strange. She's involved with a vampire."

"And she just…told you this?" Jasper asked, skeptical.

I nodded. "She was sitting near me and got a whiff of me. Said I smelled like vampire."

Jasper and Edward exchanged a look.

"Why the hell did you let some freaky girl smell you?" Emmett demanded, looking thrown
off.

"It just happened," I said with a helpless shrug. "And a lot more has happened since then, so I
didn't really pay her any mind. I'm starting to think that was a mistake. What if the vampire
she's involved with, is the one blocking out Alice's visions?"

Alice eagerly leaned forward. "Do you know their location?"

"Um, the girl, Serena―she's a student at OSU. I think she lives on campus."

Alice's eyes lost focus and glazed over. Jasper vanished from my side.

"Tell us everything you know," Edward said.

"It's not much," I sighed. "She got a hold of my number and has rang me up a few times since
then. Most of the conversations were brief, as I didn't share anything with her. But she called
this morning sounding worried. She says Angelo―the vampire she's involved with―has
been acting strange and that he might be in some sort of trouble. I told her to stay away from
him, but…"

Jasper reappeared at my side then, setting a laptop down in front of him, fingers flying across
the keyboard.

"I don't recognize the name," Edward admitted, expression pensive. "Carlisle might. Do you
have any more information on him?"

I shook my head. "All I know is, he's not all friendly. He hurt her."

Edward's expression was thunderous.

"There's a couple different Serena's that are registered as students at OSU," Jasper said, eyes
scanning the bright screen of his laptop. "Did she give you a surname, or say what she was
studying?"

I shook my head. "No. But she did mention that she's on clinical rotations. Could be a nursing
major or a med technician."

After a few clicks, Jasper said, "I think I've got her, assuming she didn't lie about her first
name. She's registered as a student under the name Serena Black and is majoring in biology,
with a focus on genetics."

"Wait. Black? You don't think…?"

"It's difficult to say," Jasper muttered. "It's a common enough surname. But it is a strange
coincidence."

"Nothing," Alice suddenly hissed. "No blind spots anywhere on the campus or even across
Corvallis. If Angelo is the blind spot, he's long gone."

"Don't you have her number?" Emmett suddenly asked me.

I turned to him. "Yeah, I do."

"Then why don't you ring her up?" he suggested, sounding exasperated. "You guys are
always so eager to kick off the cloak and dagger. Iz could probably just ask her."

"That's assuming she'll answer," Jasper said, voice low with unease.

Before I could ask him what was wrong, Edward picked the information straight out of his
head. "It looks like she's taken a leave of absence, as of this morning," he said. "She's cited
the recent death of her mother as grounds for it."

"Death of her mother?" I gaped. "She never said anything like that."

Jasper waved me off. "She could be lying. Her paper trail is rather scant. I'll have Jenks do a
more thorough check. You were right to bring this to us. There's something strange going on
here."

"Do as Emmett said," Edward suggested. "Call her."

"It's no use," Alice cut in with a shake of her head. "The number's already been
disconnected."

"What? No. I just spoke with her this morning!" I dug out my phone and dialed Serena's
number, disregarding Alice's warning.

"…We're sorry; you have reached a number that has been disconnected or no longer in
service. If you feel you have reached this recording in error, please check your number and
try your call again."

"This is bad," I whispered, closing my phone with a sharp snap and tossing it aside. "She
could be dead. Shit." I buried my face into my hands.
  I seriously fucked this up. Why didn't I say anything sooner?!

  How could so much have changed in so few hours?

  "We don't know that," Edward said, cautious. "Maybe she took your advice and has decided
  to cut ties with this Angelo."

  "Maybe." But I wasn't as hopeful.

  When my cellphone abruptly rang, I scrambled to grab hold of it.

  But the caller ID revealed that it was Charlie.

  I took a deep breath, shoving aside my nerves, and answered the call.

  "Hey, chief. What's up?"

  "Bella," he said, sounding strangely apologetic. "Your mother is here."

  I straightened up in alarm. "Wait, what? Why?"

  "I think you need to come home. Renée is not happy."



Chapter End Notes



    Hope y'all enjoyed the update! Please be sure to drop a comment on your way out! ;)
            Chapter 49: The Stranger Who Lies Behind My Eyes
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It was late by the time I returned to the house. But Charlie must've been on the lookout,
   because when I reached the front door he was already there, waving me inside.

   "She's waiting for you in your room," he said, voice hushed.

   I lowered my voice to match his. "Did she say why she was here?" I asked, removing my coat
   as he shut the door behind me.

   Charlie shook his head. "She showed up out of the blue and wouldn't tell me; just kept asking
   questions about you."

   "Okay…" I frowned and turned to gaze up at the stairway in trepidation. "Wish me luck."

   "I'll order up some pizza."

   "That's probably for the best," I muttered as I crossed the hall and climbed the stairs.

   But when I reached the door to my room, I hesitated.

   A swell of anxiety bloomed in my chest and twisted through my airways. I had run out of
   time to compose myself. If anyone could mark me as an imposter, it would be Renée.

   I pushed open the door.

   "What the hell."

   A suitcase―Bella's suitcase―was thrown open across my bed, half-filled with a disarray of
   clothes.

   A woman stood at my closet, sifting through and removing even more articles of clothing.

   "Bella!" she exclaimed, turning to me with a bright smile. Her hair was the same shade as
   mine, though the ends barely brushed against her shoulders, her eyes were a vivid blue, and
   her face was a near-identical reflection of my own; a bitter reminder of what I'd stolen from
   her.

   "Re―mom," I croaked, unable to even plaster a smile across my face. "What…what are you
   doing?"

   "Oh, Bella! I have wonderful news," she said, tossing one of my blouses into the suitcase and
   hurrying to my side, grasping my hands in her's. "Phil got signed on with the Suns. We're
   settling in Jacksonville, Florida. You're going to love it there―it's sunny all the time and
   we're getting a house right by the beach!"
Renée gazed at me with glowing eyes and an earnest smile.

"But…I don't want to go to Jacksonville."

Like a switch, the joy drained from her gaze and her expression shuttered close. "I don't
understand."

"I'm happy here," I said, gently squeezing her hands. "In Forks."

She ripped her hands out of my grasp. "Forks? You hate Forks, Bella. Don't you remember?"
She sounded desperate.

"I don't anymore," I said. "I have a life here now. Friends, a boyfriend, Charlie."

"And what about me? Am I no longer a part of your life?"

I dropped my gaze with a wince.

"You don't email me. You ignore my calls. God, Bella, when was the last time we even
spoke?!"

I didn't answer her. It was already obvious how badly I'd fucked this up. I didn't know why I'd
thought I could get away with this. Why I thought I could get away with cutting Renée out of
my life.

"Bella?"

"I'm sorry," I whispered.

"Did I do something wrong? You can tell me, baby. I promise, we can fix this."

I shook my head and took a step away from her. "No. There's nothing to fix."

Renée herself had never been the problem. Chatting with her over the phone at first hadn't
been so bad, and perhaps if I hadn't had to play the role of Bella, I could've grown to like her.

But I wasn't Bella. And I didn't want to pretend.

At least with Charlie, who didn't have a close relationship with Bella prior to my arrival, the
sudden change in personality hadn't tipped him off. I could mostly be myself and he might
feel bad, because he didn't know his "daughter" as well as he'd thought he had. But for my
own sake, I would not spare him of those feelings.

Distancing myself from Bella's mom hadn't been intentional. I'd avoided one call, and then
another. Until I could pretend that her existence was no longer my concern.

And then, Renée said the words which I feared most. "You're not Bella."

"What?" I gasped, eyes shooting up to catch her cold, distant gaze. The pressure of anxiety in
my chest surged until it constricted my lungs and narrowed my vision.
"You're not my Bella," she repeated. "I don't know what's happened to you. I knew sending
you here was a mistake, but I won't stand for it any longer. You're coming to Jacksonville
with me and that's final."

I gaped. "You can't…you can't force me to leave with you!"

In the last two months I had lost everything. And yet…I had gained so much. I couldn't lose
that. Not again. The mere thought incited a flood of fear so sickening, I could barely breathe.

"You've left me with no choice, Bella!" Renée snapped. "You won't talk to me. You won't tell
me what's going on. The best thing now would be for you to come home."

I shook my head and took another step back. "The best thing for me? Or the best thing for
you?"

"Bella…" Tears flooded her eyes. "You don't mean that."

"I do," I said, voice shaking. "Otherwise you wouldn't be forcing me to leave Forks. This is
my home now. Not Phoenix, and certainly not Jacksonville. Why can't you understand that?"

Renée's expression twisted into something painful. "Finish packing your things," she said
hoarsely. "We're leaving tomorrow."

She squeezed past me through the doorway and thumped down the stairs.

I pushed the door shut after her and dug my cellphone out of my pocket.

It rang only twice, before the call was answered.

"Hello?"

"Zee," I gasped, sitting at the foot of my bed, the edge of the suitcase digging into my spine.
"I really, really messed up."

"Hold on, take a deep breath," she said. "And slowly, tell me everything."

Downstairs, I could hear Renée shouting something at Charlie.

I took a shuddering breath. "Okay…"

As plainly as I could, I told her about my arrangement with Charlie, about how I'd never
actually met Renée prior to tonight, about how she wanted to take me away.

"I don't want to leave," I finally said in a whisper. "Everything has only recently started to
make sense for me. I can't start again. Not with her." Not when she looked at me with that
pained expression, knowing, plain as day, that I was not Bella.

"No, I don't imagine you would," Zee murmured. "But, Isabella. There's no easy solution to
this. I understand why you tried to cut her out, but that's no longer an option. You have to talk
to her."
"And tell her what?" I demanded. "That her daughter is dead?!"

"Of course not," Zee huffed, not sounding at all put off by my panic. "But there needs to be a
measure of honesty. Tell her about your life in Forks. And give her a reason that she can
understand as to why you've avoided her calls. Until you talk to her, she won't let up. She
loves you."

"She loves Bella," I corrected her glumly.

"So do it for Bella," Zee said. "Renée can never know that her daughter is gone, so give her
at least this: Peace of mind. I know it's not fair to you, or her. But don't just push her away.
It'll only cause more pain."

"Yeah," I whispered. "You're right. It's just…hard."

"Trust me, I understand," Zee said, voice suddenly thick with emotion. And I believed her.
"Now, get some rest. It's getting late. Perhaps it's a conversation best had in the morning."

"Okay, I will," I said. "Thank you."

"Anytime, hon. Goodnight."

"Night," I said and shut my phone close.

I dropped my face into my hands and exhaled a shaky sigh. It was all too much―Serena
vanishing, my own impending disappearance, Renée's unexpected arrival.

But then, maybe this was for the best. Could I leave the Cullens behind, if it meant ensuring
my own safety?

I shot up when a knock against my window alerted me to Edward's presence. Quickly, I
hurried over to let him inside, before throwing myself into his arms.

"Easy," he murmured, wrapping one arm around me, using his free hand to shut the window
behind him. "It's okay."

"Is it?" I whispered against him, fingers curled into the fabric of his shirt. "Is this what I have
to do, Edward? Leave?"

"No," he said firmly, curling his other arm around me and crushing me against him. "You
can't. Whoever this person is, they will follow you."

"Fuck," I breathed.

There was a hard edge to Edward's voice when he said, "I know."

For a long moment, Edward simply held me tightly. The pressure of his arms crushed the
mounting anxiety and fear, reduced it to a mere echo, until I felt safe once more.
And when it felt like I could breathe normally again, I said with a small sigh, "I need to clean
up.".

Edward slowly pulled away, clearly reluctant. "Did she do this?" he asked, eyeing the mess of
clothes behind me with a critical eye.

"Yes," I sighed again.

"I can do it," he assured me. "I'm faster."

"Thank you," I smiled at him. "I'll go get ready for bed. Will you stay?"

"Certainly," he murmured, leaning down to press a gentle kiss against my temple. "Go on."

I turned, but when I opened the top drawer of my dresser, I stared blankly at the empty space.
"My pajamas are gone."

"Here." Edward suddenly appeared at my side, a folded set of sweatpants and a t-shirt in his
hand.

"Thanks." I flashed him a grateful smile, before leaving the room and firmly shutting the door
behind me.

I went through my routine hurriedly, hoping to avoid a run-in with Renée. I would push it to
the morning, like Zee had suggested. I was too spent to be anything short of curt with her
now.

But it was not Renée who stood outside the bathroom door when I was done. It was Charlie.

"Bella," he said, looking to me with a sigh of relief when I stepped out into the hall. "Are you
okay?"

"Not really," I sighed, clutching my day clothes to my chest. "I don't want to leave Forks."

Charlie's gaze softened. "I know. And Renée can't actually force you to leave. You'll always
have a place here. As long as you want it."

"Thank you," I said with a shaky smile.

"And I did order pizza, if you're hungry."

I shook my head. "I'm sorry, I lost my appetite. I'm going to bed, okay?"

"Okay," Charlie said, surprising me when he tugged me close for a brief hug. "Goodnight."

"Goodnight," I mumbled and hurried to my room.

To my relief, it was as I'd left it this morning. There was no mess of clothes and the suitcase
was stored away out of sight. And on top of my bed, the electric blanket had already been set
up by Edward.
"Thanks for doing this," I said to him, dumping my clothes into the hamper, before crossing
the room and pushing myself onto the tips of my toes to peck his cheek.

"It's nothing," Edward assured me gently. He cupped my jaw in his cold palm, tangling his
long fingers through my hair as he leaned down and pressed a soft, lingering kiss against my
mouth. "How are you feeling?"

"Pretty drained," I admitted, though his kiss had left me feeling lighter. "Let's go to bed?"

Edward smiled tenderly. "Let's."


Early the next morning, I was up and ready, sitting on the front porch steps with a mug of
steaming coffee warming my hands.

Edward had returned home after passing along a message from Alice: Leah and the guys
were dropping by for a surprise visit. But I planned on catching them before they could make
the mistake of ringing the doorbell and rousing Renée, who was dead asleep on the couch.

Truthfully, I wasn't in the best mood to entertain company. I hadn't gotten much sleep, I was
on my period, and I was so stressed, I already missed Edward.

But…I wasn't ready to confront Renée just yet.

By the time Quil pulled up in his grandpa's car, the coffee had gone cold. Between the worry
and the fear lumped in my throat, I hadn't quite been able to choke it down.

"Isabella!"

An unexpected smile broke out across my face when the lot of them piled out of the car and
Quil called out a cheerful greeting.

I set my mug aside and hurried down the porch steps and across the driveway to meet them
on the sidewalk.

"Hey guys."

"Whoa, you totally knew we were coming!" Embry accused me as he rounded the car.

"Of course she did. Classic fortune cookie move," Jacob snickered, slamming the back door
shut.

I huffed. "Very funny."

"Bad time?" Leah asked with a discerning eye, leaning back against the front passenger door
and crossing her arms.

I shrugged. Admittedly, I didn't look as put together as usual. My hair was pulled back into a
messy braid and I was dressed in a pair of sweatpants and a hoodie. "I'm surfing the crimson
wave. You know how it is."
"Ugh," Leah said with a wrinkle of her nose. "Yeah I do. We can bail if you're not up for our
rousing company."

"Wait? What's wrong?" Quil demanded, eyes flitting between Leah and I. "What's the
crimson wave?"

"It's a euphemism for being on your period, dumbass," Jacob said.

"Oh, shit," Embry said with a grimace. "That sucks."

"Yeah, well," I said, rocking back on the soles of my feet. "I'd rather hang out with you guys.
My mother dropped in unannounced last night, and if it's all the same to you, I'd rather get
out of here for a bit."

"Huh. Tough luck," Leah snorted. "Alright, back into the car we go."

As soon as I'd squeezed into the backseat between Embry and Jacob, Quil asked, "Where to?"

"Let's go to the diner," I suggested. It was Forks; it wasn't exactly teeming with options.
"Breakfast is on me. Or, technically Charlie." I'd filched some of the money from the grocery
jar. It was supposed to serve as my lunch money too, but since Edward always paid for me, it
had gradually accumulated.

The guys whooped and cheered around me as Quil tore down the road.

"Thanks, Isabella!" Embry beamed.

"Thank Charlie," I snickered.

"I'm sure he'll be real pleased to hear about it," Jacob laughed.

"So? What are you guys doing on this side of town?"

"You're the fortune cookie," Quil quipped. "You tell us."

I rolled my eyes. "Very funny."

"Quil and Jacob refused to update us without your presence," Leah explained with a small
huff.

"Hey, Isabella's part of this club too," Jacob said defensively.

"Yeah, yeah," Leah waved him off as Quil pulled into the parking lot.

Soon, we piled out and crowded through the entrance of the diner. At mid-morning, it was
pretty bare, which meant we were soon seated at a round booth with a stack of menus passed
around.

I had only intended to order some juice, maybe ask for a slice of toast. But all the worries
plaguing my thoughts didn't feel quite as oppressive when surrounded by Quil's obnoxious
jokes, Jacob and Embry's laughter, and Leah's exasperated expression.

I felt lighter and the abrupt hunger in my belly made itself known. So when Cora popped by
to take our orders, I was all too eager to ask for their glazed strawberry pancakes.

"So," Leah said, features tightening with determination as soon as our waitress had left with
our menus and orders. "What exactly did Sam and his lackeys show you?"

"First things first," Quil announced. "They're hosting a bonfire next week on Friday. He said
to pass the message along to you guys, but…Emily will be attending…"

"I'll be there," Leah assured him with a careless wave. "I already laid into Emily and called
her out on her bullshit. She knows where she stands with me."

I gaped. "What? Wait, when did this go down?!"

Leah shrugged, looking a little aggrieved. "Sam went and blabbed to her after our meeting
with the elders. She thought that me knowing the truth could somehow…fix things. She was
wrong. Obviously."

"Wow," I said in disbelief. "That's some nerve. She's clearly delusional."

"You're telling me," Leah scoffed. "But I don't care. I have just as much a right as her to be
there. Probably even more so. But they don't know that yet."

"It's okay, Leah. We'll be there with you," Embry assured her.

Leah gave him a brief nod of acknowledgement, eyes softening, before sweeping her gaze
back towards Quil and Jacob. "What else?"

"He basically gave us the run down on the Cullens," Jacob said, lowering his voice, even
though the diner was sparsely filled. "Now that we know what they actually are, they
reminded us of the treaty specifics and then took us out to show us the boundary line."

"Really?" I leaned forward, curious. "How can you tell where the boundary line is?"

"Mostly by smell," Quil said, gesturing towards his nose. "We still have the original map
where the lines were drawn up, but with all the patrols the guys run along the border, the
scent is pretty distinct."

"Interesting," I hummed. "Was that all?"

"Basically," Jacob snorted. "We covered a lot of ground. Paul and Jared were pissed because
Sam made them carry us back."

"Oh! Oh! It was insane!" Quil gushed. "We were going so fast!"

"You used Paul and Jared like a pair of racing horses?!" Embry busted up laughing.

Leah snickered, "Wish I could've seen that!"
"It was hysterical," Jacob grinned. "Granted, we weren't supposed to mention that part.
Oops."

"As if we wouldn't have!" Quil laughed, reaching across the table to high-five Embry.

"Before I forget," Jacob cut in, shooting Leah a perplexed look. "What does Rachel actually
know? Apparently dad gave her some long-winded lecture, and then she called me back,
demanding to know what the hell he was talking about…"

"Oh, uh, she doesn't actually know anything," Leah admitted sheepishly. "But obviously I'm
going to tell her. I figured they all might as well think I already let the wolf out of the bag,
before they go and try and keep me quiet."

"What's the hold up?" I asked.

"In a second," she said, as Cora and another server arrived with our breakfast.

An assortment of pancakes, waffles, scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast was distributed around
the table, and we thanked Cora before enthusiastically digging in.

It was amazing. This body really, really liked strawberries.

"I don't want to tell Rachel all this over the phone," Leah finally said around a sip of her
orange juice. "It's a conversation best had in person. Problem is figuring out how to get to
Seattle."

I perked up. "We can give you a ride!"

"Huh? Who's we?" Quil asked.

"I'm going shopping with Alice and Rosalie in Seattle on Saturday," I explained. "We could
drop you off at the campus before we hit the mall?"

Leah rubbed her nose. "I'll probably get a headache from being stuck in a car with them, but
I'll take it."

I winced. "Yeah, it's pretty much unavoidable."

"I wonder why Rach didn't visit us," Jacob said with a frown. "She mentioned she would."

"That one's on me," Leah said, cutting into her syrup-soaked waffles. "With all the nonsense
going on around here, I told her to stay in Seattle."

"Speaking of which," I said with a grimace. "I've been meaning to tell you―you were right."

"Sure," Leah snorted. "About what exactly?"

"It's Paul who will imprint on Rachel."

"What the fuck," Jacob hissed.
Embry eyes nearly bugged out. "Shit, no way!"

Quil said something unintelligible around a mouthful of bacon.

"I fucking called it," Leah sneered. "Typical."

"Figured she could use a warning," I said.

"Yeah, no kidding," Jacob scowled. "I don't want that meathead as my brother-in-law!"

Embry winced. "Tough luck, man."

"Wait, wait," Quil said once he'd swallowed. "Does that mean you know who the rest of us
are supposed to imprint on?!"

All of their gazes swiveled towards me, piercing with their expectancy.

"…Only you, Quil," I confessed with a grimace.

"What's with the face?" Quil asked, immediately suspicious. "Is it bad? Why is it bad?!"

I cringed. "Because…she's a baby."

"And just when I thought this couldn't get any more fucked up," Leah hissed. "Quil you better
stay the hell away from that baby!"

"Obviously!" he snapped, nerves frayed.

"Wait, what baby?!" Jacob demanded.

"Claire Young."

Embry gaped. "Isn't that Emily's niece?"

"She is," Leah grimaced. "And she's one."

"Fuck," Quil breathed, dropping his fork against his plate with a clatter. "I think I lost my
appetite."

"Same here," Jacob sighed and patted Quil's back. "It's okay, buddy. Nothing's happened yet."

"And nothing will happen," Leah decided. "We're all going to make sure to keep Quil away
from the baby. Agreed?"

"Agreed," we all chimed.

"Come on," I said. "Let's get out of here."

I dropped enough bills on the table to cover the food and tip, and slid out of the booth after
them.
Outside, we bypassed Quil's grandpa's car and dropped around a picnic table, where we could
speak a little more freely.

"If it makes it better," I added, observing Quil's disturbed expression. "You'll be like her big
brother. But still, you'll be beholden to the whims of a child."

"That sounds horrible," he cried.

"Yeah, I know…"

Leah cut in with a sharp sigh. "Is there anything else that we should know?"

I tilted my head in thought, reviewing my memories of the wolf pack.

Finally, I said, "There is one thing."

They all leaned close with anticipation.

"I know I warned you that your thoughts would be shared amongst the pack," I said. "But…
breaking away from the pack is possible."

"How?!" Leah was quick to demand.

The guys exchanged apprehensive looks.

"I only know of one way," I admitted. "I don't know that you could, Leah. But I know for
certain that Jacob could."

"Wait, me? Why?" Jacob asked, bewildered.

"You're the rightful leader of the pack. It's your birthright," I explained. "If you refuse Sam's
leadership, you could break away, along with anyone who decides to follow you."

Quil whistled. "Wicked."

"Is that…really such a good idea?" Jacob wondered, looking young and unsure.

"You have to," Leah pleaded. "I can't possibly share a headspace with Sam!"

"It's still a while before any of you shift," I reminded them. "It's just something to keep in
mind."

"Whatever," Leah bit out, looking miserable.

"Hey," Quil said. "We told you about having to go sniffing in the woods. Meanwhile, you
guys got to hang out with Isabella at a dance!"

"You definitely missed out," Embry said with a cheeky grin.

That did the trick to break the tension, as Embry, Leah, and I told them about Sadie Hawkins.
Despite all the teasing about missing out, the mood was lighter and we had a good time.
It was when I checked my phone that I realized it was already past noon. "Sorry guys, I have
to get going. Carlisle is removing my stitches today."

"Aw, boo," Quil complained.

"Be grateful she didn't kick us to the curb for showing up unannounced," Leah scolded him.

"Thank you for not kicking us to the curb," Jacob winked teasingly.

"Don't be so sure I won't next time," I huffed as we pushed ourselves to our feet and began
heading for the car.

"Aw, don't be like that," Quil called after me.

I rolled my eyes. "Just take me home, Quil."

The teasing and the quips were just as rampant on the drive back to the house, but it didn't
quite soften the edge of knowing who awaited me there. I stalled long enough to let Leah
know I'd call her when I had the final details about the Seattle trip.

And then, they were gone.

The house was quiet when I drew open the door.

I felt uneasy as I made my way in, Renée's muted presence looming like a bad omen. I had
grown so comfortable in this place, and yet, it had been so easily breached by the only person
who could see me for the stranger that I was.

I found her sitting at the kitchen table, a mug of something hot held between her hands.

"Bella," she said when she saw me standing under the archway. But she no longer seemed
angry; just sad.

This time, I was prepared to say, "Mom."

"Did you have a good time with your friends?" she asked.

"Tell her about your life in Forks." That's what Zee had said. And it had been so much easier,
back when I believed my life here was only temporary; that I could somehow, impossibly,
return home.

But that had been a lie. And so was whatever platitudes I would inevitably give Renée. But
Zee had been right; there was no sense in causing any more unnecessary pain.

"Yeah, I did," I finally answered, edging closer and carefully taking a seat across from her.
"Do you want to hear about it?"

Renée's eyes lit up. "Of course, baby."
  I knew Edward would be here to pick me up soon, but for the moment, I sat with Renée. And
  I told her about Leah, and Quil, and Embry, and Jacob.

  And the gap that had felt insurmountable and impossibly vast between us, seemed to bridge
  the slightest bit closer.



Chapter End Notes



    The Seattle trip will finally be covered in the next chapter! Promise!

    And please feel free to comment! :)
               Chapter 50: Sugar, Spice, and Something Affright
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The girls picked up Leah and I, bright and early on Saturday morning.

   Despite the early hour, I was already in good spirits. Renée would finally be leaving for
   Florida tomorrow, the burns along my arm had fully healed, and I was going to shop at an
   actual mall for the first time since the pandemic struck.

   Today would be a good day.

   The thought was only confirmed when Rosalie pulled up in her gleaming red convertible and
   Esme stepped out from the front passenger seat.

   "Esme!" I squealed, running forward to envelop her in a hug. "You're coming with us?"

   Esme pulled back and flashed me a sweet smile. "The girls insisted."

   "If Carlisle can take a day off to hang out with the boys, then so can you," Alice chirped from
   the back seat.

   Esme laughed as she turned to push her seat forward, allowing us access into the back. "Hello
   again, Leah."

   "Hey," Leah said. "Thanks for letting me hitch a ride."

   "It's our pleasure," Esme assured her as I slid into the backseat next to Alice, Leah after me.

   As soon as Esme was settled again in the front and Rosalie had taken off, Alice declared,
   "Leah, this is for you!"

   Alice reached across me to present Leah with a white face mask, visible through the clear
   packaging.

   "Ah, gee. You shouldn't have," Leah said dryly and took it from her hand.

   "It's so that you don't get a headache from our scent," Alice cheerfully explained.

   "Too bad that won't help the rest of us," Rosalie grumbled.

   "Rose, don't be rude," Esme quietly admonished her, before saying in a clearer voice, "Leah,
   I hope this will make you feel more comfortable."

   Leah ripped open the wrapper and stretched the mask to its full size before carefully winding
   the loops around the backs of her ears.
"Huh, that actually does help a little," Leah said, voice slightly muffled. "You guys aren't
gonna wear one?"

"Since you've yet to transform, your scent isn't nearly as overwhelming. Plus, we don't need
to breathe," Alice explained, her voice serving to draw me out of a sudden bout of déjà vu.

"Um, good for you?"

I cut in before Leah could say anything too insulting. "Thank you again for agreeing to give
Leah a ride to Seattle. I know the whole 'natural enemies' thing isn't exactly ideal."

Alice reached over and squeezed my hand. "Anything for a friend of yours," she assured me
with a genuine smile. "Leah, I'm also letting you borrow this."

Again, Alice reached across me. This time she dropped a small flip phone into Leah's hands.

"What's this for?"

"So we can call you in case plans change," Alice explained.

"Sure," Leah shrugged. "I'll return it after."

"Actually," Alice said. "I need you to keep it a tad longer than that."

Leah rolled her eyes. "Why?"

"You invited Isabella to a bonfire on Friday, correct?"

Of course, with the presence of the pack there, Alice had soon noticed my temporary
disappearance that would result from my attendance. And I'd had to explain about going to
the bonfire in La Push.

"Yeah. What of it?"

"The thing about wolves," Alice confessed. "I can't see them in my visions. If anything
happens to Isabella, call me. Or any of us. All of our numbers are already programmed into
the phone."

Leah scoffed in disbelief. "That's a bit drastic. The worst thing that'll happen is that I might
make Emily cry again. I'm sure we'll be fine."

"Then there's no harm in doing us this favor," Alice said breezily.

Leah arched her eyebrows and shot me a look. "They keep you on a short leash?"

"You saw what happened to Emily," I reminded her quietly. "I don't blame them for
worrying."

"Fuck," Leah said, eyes crinkling in what I assumed was a grimace mostly concealed by her
mask. "Alright, you got it short stuff. I'll keep the phone on me."
Alice beamed. "Thank you!"

"Yeah, yeah."

"Rosalie," Alice said, turning to the front. "Rachel will be waiting in the coffee house on
University Way and 45th."

"Got it," Rosalie said.

"How did you…?" Leah frowned and shook her head. "Never mind."

I bumped my shoulder against her's. "You get used to it," I laughed.

"Do I need to?"

I exchanged a look with Alice. "I mean, you're in a car full of vampires. I imagine it won't be
long before…"

"Before I explode into a massive ball of fur? Yes, I know," Leah deadpanned. "It's going to
happen whether I like it or not. What we don't need is more kids on the reservation having
their lives brought to a stop because you all decided to play house across the street from us."

Rosalie looked over her shoulder without the car deviating a single inch, expression severe.
"We didn't know our presence would cause this. When we met Ephraim, he and his pack were
already active."

"The doctor said as much," Leah said resignedly. "And seriously, thanks for the ride and all,
but the sooner you all leave, the less bullshit magic I have to deal with back at the rez. I don't
make the rules."

Rosalie rolled her eyes and turned back around.

"We understand, Leah," Esme said kindly. "I'm sorry our presence has caused you so much
grief. But for now, all we can promise is that once we leave, we'll keep our distance."

Leah nodded. "I think that's for the best."

"Geeze, this conversation's gotten so gloomy," Alice pouted. "It's Saturday! Let's try to keep
this upbeat, okay?"

Above her mask, Leah's eyes got big and her eyebrows furrowed. "Aren't you like a hundred
year old vampire? Why do you sound like you're from a bad nineties sitcom?"

Alice scowled at her. "Hey! I'm barely a hundred and four this year."

I sighed. "Let's please keep this civil."

Fortunately, the rest of the drive went by quickly, mostly filled with Alice's exuberant chatter
about all clothing items she wanted me to try on. It was a little overwhelming but her
enthusiasm was contagious.
And with Rosalie's mad driving, it wasn't long before we reached the university campus.

"Be sure to call us if anything happens," I told Leah as she slid out of the car.

"I will. Have fun," she said distractedly, pulling off her mask and shoving it into her pocket,
before striding off.

When we were on the road again, I turned to Alice and asked, "Have there been any updates
on Serena?"

Alice shook her head. "Jasper and Edward are paying Jenks a visit today. But as far as I can
see, he won't provide us with much of anything we don't already know."

I frowned. "Oh."

"Isabella, we can worry about that later tonight," Esme reminded me, peeking over her
shoulder, eyes soft with concern. "For now, let's focus on having a pleasant day."

"Right," I said, abashed. "I will."

"I'm glad to hear it," she said with a lovely smile.

"So, where are we going shopping?" I asked. Seattle was huge, so there were plenty of
options to choose from.

"Oh, you'll love it, Isabella," Alice turned to me and beamed. "I promise!"

I giggled. "I believe you."

Within a few minutes, Rosalie drove us across the lake from the university, and pulled into
the parking garage located beside the shops.

"We have to stop by Jimmy Choo first," Alice was saying as we piled out of the convertible
and into the dim lot. "There's this pair of shoes I saw that will go perfect with your prom
dress."

I shot her a look as Esme closed the door behind us. "You think I'll make it to prom?"

Alice tilted her head. "It's a possibility I still see. But as you well know, my visions are
subject to change."

Esme came up beside me and wrapped a comforting arm around my shoulders. "Let's stay
optimistic. Alice has done a brilliant job with your dress."

I perked up. "You finished it?"

"Just about!" Alice grinned.

"I suppose that means we should pick out prom dresses as well," Rosalie said, coming around
the other side of her car, locking it with a deafening beep that bounced between the low roof
and cement walls.

"Oh yes!" Alice nodded as we crossed the lot and headed towards the stairway. "It's been so
long since we last attended a prom!"

"And when was that?" I wondered.

"Back in the eighties," Rosalie said, expression softening. "We rarely participate in high
school activities for obvious reasons, but occasionally Alice will convince us to the contrary.
It was a good night."

"I remember," Esme recalled fondly, as we walked down the concrete steps. "You girls
looked so lovely."

"Did you ever attend prom?" Alice asked me. "You know…before?"

"Yeah. No date though," I admitted sheepishly. "I went with a couple of my friends."

"Oh, but you have Edward now!" Alice squealed.

My cheeks turned pink and I smiled, pleased. "I do."

Outside was a perfectly dry, but overcast day to go shopping in Seattle, just as Alice had
predicted.

Skyscrapers towered on either side of us, metal and glass reflecting gloomy skies and casting
long, weak shadows across the sidewalks and streets. The blaring Saturday morning traffic
and the foul stench of burnt rubber and exhaust fumes reminded me of why I didn't miss
living in the city.

Fortunately, we only had to circle the city block where the parking garage was perched on to
reach the shops.

"This way!" Alice bounded ahead when we arrived to the entryway, marked by a pair of tall
sand-colored pillars. The high-end shopping plaza was a bright and clean utopia buried
beneath hulking towers of concrete and glass, nestled between blacktop city roads and
cramped car lots.

It opened up into a grand courtyard marked with smooth granite tiles, a sparkling fountain at
its center, and dotted with bright plantlife―potted plants and neatly trimmed hedges lined the
square fountain, benches arranged around sprawling planter boxes, and greenery draped
across the second-story balconies.

Brilliant display windows edged the far side, sleek lettering above advertising brands like
Jimmy Choo, Louis Vuitton, and Hermés. The shoppers roaming about the courtyard and the
balconies above were sparse, but unmistakably wealthy.

Having once been on a teacher's salary, it wasn't all that surprising that I felt completely out
of place. It was only Rosalie and Esme's solid presence walking on either side of me that kept
me from bolting.
Alice suddenly reached around Esme and captured my hand, making a beeline for the
escalator on the far left side.

"Wait up," I laughed, careening after her.

"You're too slow," she scolded me.

"And you're too fast!"

When we reached the escalator, she turned to me with a blinding grin. "You'll learn to love
it."

"There's really no other choice," Rosalie said, stepping around us and boarding the escalator.

"Very reassuring," I snarked.

Esme ushered us after Rosalie with a tsk. "Don't go manhandling your sister, Alice. Isabella
isn't as sturdy as the rest of us."

Alice pouted. "I was being careful, I swear!"

"I'll be the judge of that," I grumbled.

"We can argue about it later. We're here!" Alice suddenly cheered when we reached the top,
skipping ahead towards the glass doors of Jimmy Choo.

As I expected, Alice steamrolled straight over the shop's attendant, pouncing directly on the
pair of shoes she'd had in mind and presenting them to me.

It was love at first sight.

"Alice, these are beautiful," I said, plucking one of the open-toed platform heels from her
hands and running a finger along the velvety texture of the suede.

"They'll go perfect with your dress!"

"Yes, they're just the right color," I beamed. The shoes were a bright indigo―the same shade
of fabric Alice had used to make my prom dress.

"Rose, no. You'll find a better pair at Louis Vuitton," Alice suddenly said, towards where
Rosalie and Esme were browsing across the way.

Rosalie returned the shoes onto the display shelf, trusting Alice's judgment implicitly. It was
a glimpse into what the rest of our shopping trip would look like.

Esme and Rosalie never appeared bothered by Alice cutting their browsing short or shooting
down initial opinions. They seemed content to follow her lead.

I soon learned my lesson, after arguing with Alice the first time and then realizing that the
blouse I'd wanted to try on did not flatter me at all. Despite being pale still, the undertones of
my skin were different and unfortunately, the same colors didn't compliment me as they had
before.

The realization was sobering and I decided to comply with Alice. For now.

Time flew, and before I knew it, it was past lunchtime and my stomach was growling.

"You two go on," Rosalie said. "I'll take her to get lunch."

Alice pouted. "Don't take too long!"

"Alice," Esme admonished, shooting her a stern look, before turning to me. "Take your time,
sweetheart."

"Thanks," I said, flashing her a quick smile before turning and hurrying after Rosalie,
shopping bags bouncing against my legs. "Wait up!"

She slowed long enough for me to catch up. "This way."

Rosalie lead me back through the opposite courtyard of the one we'd entered, taking the path
hidden behind the escalator, past the fire pit, all the way to the end, where we entered through
the shining glass doors of an Asian restaurant.

After we were seated, I asked her, "How come you wanted to accompany me to lunch?"

"One of us had to," Rosalie said, pretending to browse the menu. "It'd be stranger for three of
us to watch you eat, rather than only one of us. We'd prefer not to have to choke anything
down."

"Oh, true," I snorted, skimming the items listed on the menu.

"And I could tell you were ready to bite Alice's head off."

"That obvious, huh?"

Rosalie shot me an amused smile. "You learn to trust her at her word."

I set the menu down and crossed my arms along the edge of the table. "It's not that."

"Isn't it?"

I shook my head, glaring down at the silverware. "Before, I could tell at a glance what types
of clothes would look great on me, whether it was the color, the cut, or the pattern. Shopping
for winter clothes in this body wasn't too bad, because I expected most of it to be baggy
anyway, but today…"

Rosalie reached across the table and gently squeezed my forearm. "It's going to happen
again."

I stared up at her. "What do you mean?"
"It won't be as drastic," she amended. "But when you turn, your skin color will change again,
and parts of your body will be enhanced. You'll look different. Clothes won't look the same
on you, as they do right now."

I sighed. "I didn't even think about that."

"Everything will change for you again," she said. "Are you prepared for that?"

I grimaced. "No. Not at all."

"Then at least be aware of it. Not everyone has the luxury of foresight."

I nodded, face grim. "Anything else you'd like to warn me about?"

She eyed me for a moment and said, "You already know this, but we have a dress code. We
dress in ways that are not meant to be attention grabbing. Just…be ready to have limited
options. At least when we're playing human."

"Ugh, you're right," I recalled with a sigh. "That must be frustrating."

She tilted her head in agreement. "It is, but I also enjoy pretending to be human. Even if I
have to stick to the same color palette for a few hours."

I huffed a small laugh. "It won't matter so much. I'm a long ways from that, Rose."

"Meaning you'll be sticking to the cheaper stuff. Newborns aren't typically known for their
delicate touch." She glanced back at the menu. "Alice says you'll like the Thai mushroom
satay the best."

I wrinkled my nose. I wasn't really a mushroom type of girl. Then again, who could forget the
infamous mushroom ravioli?

"I guess if Alice said so," I said with an exasperated smile. "What's her suggestion for the
main course?"

"I think she's left that up to you."

My eyebrows arched in disbelief. "I'm shocked."

Unexpectedly, Rosalie laughed. "She's trying."

"I know," I said, expression softening. "I do appreciate her. Today's just been a little more
overwhelming than usual."

I glanced back towards the menu again and settled on the kung pao chicken. I had no idea if it
would taste as good as before. I could only hope.

After the waiter took my order, Rosalie looked to me with a pensive expression. "I've been
meaning to tell you…you were wrong before. But you were also right."
I frowned. "What are you referring to?"

"About…motherhood."

"Oh." I straightened up in my seat, my attention fully captured. "I won't apologize for
everything I've said regarding the matter, because you asked me not to. But please, share your
thoughts."

Rosalie offered me a wry smile. "I would like that," she said. "You were right, when you said
that motherhood was not the fairytale I wanted it to be, but…"

She paused for a long while, gaze becoming unfocused, so I prompted her, "But what?"

Rosalie's eyes shifted back to mine. "But I cannot change the part of me that believes that."

I withheld a sigh. "Of course not. You're unchanging."

"Unfortunately, yes," she agreed. "But just because I cannot stop believing it, does not mean I
did not need to adjust my attitude. I've hurt both Carlisle and Emmett for a long time. I knew
that and I didn't care."

"I doubt that's true," I said with a shake of my head. "I'm sure there's a part of you that cared,
otherwise we wouldn't be having this conversation."

She gave a slight shrug. "Maybe. But blaming Carlisle, cherishing a dream more than I did
my husband―it was easier, and as cruel as it sounds, it made me feel better. But you know
them. They took it silently, never speaking up in their own defense. Not against me."

I hummed. "You have them wrapped around your fingers."

Rosalie smiled sadly. "I do. That's why my mistreatment of them would've never changed.
Not until you called me out on it."

"They weren't my reason for doing so," I admitted. "You confronted me and I was on the
defensive. And then, it all sort of just came out."

"Of course it did," she huffed delicately. "That seems to be a bad habit of yours."

I laughed sheepishly. "You got me there."

At last, my food arrived and I happily dug in.

The Thai mushroom satay was heavenly. It was only mildly infuriating.

Rosalie shot me a knowing smirk.

I rolled my eyes and then took a bite out of the kung pao chicken. My eyes grew big.

"Is it bad?" Rosalie asked curiously.

I finished chewing and swallowed. "This actually tastes better than before."
  She arched an eyebrow. "Before?"

  "Uh, before, in my other body," I explained awkwardly and waved a hand in my own general
  direction. "New body, new taste buds."

  "Oh," she said, appearing slightly surprised. And then, she peeked over her shoulder.
  "Something's wrong."

  I leaned in my seat to look around her, an uncertain type of dread filling me when I saw Esme
  and Alice.

  They were headed directly for us. In one hand, Esme carried an accumulation of shopping
  bags, while her other hand was clasped firmly around Alice's, who trotted after her like a
  child, eyes lost.

  As soon as they reached our table, Esme said, "We need to go."

  But Rosalie was staring at Alice. "What did you see?"

  Alice cocked her head to the side, eyes glassy as she murmured, "Isabella's gravestone…the
  death date is becoming clearer."



Chapter End Notes



    Sorry for the delay. Writer's block is a nasty plague, but I've finally overcome it! :')

    And thank you to everyone who kindly keeps commenting on this story. It means
    everything!
                             Chapter 51: Sheltered by Your Heart
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Alice's words effectively chased away our good mood and the trip was cut short. We picked
   up Leah in the same spot we'd dropped her off at.

   "How did it go with Rachel?" I asked her, in an effort to distract myself. The image of Alice's
   ominous vision kept flashing across my thoughts, fear crawling through my chest like liquid
   nitrogen and turning my heart to ice.

   But this wasn't something I could share with Leah. And the others, aware of this, remained
   quiet, likely contemplating the family meeting now imminent.

   "As best as I could hope," Leah blew out a muffled sigh behind the fabric of her mask,
   slumping back against her seat. "She believes me, but she warned me that she couldn't stay
   away from La Push for the rest of her life."

   "And she knows about Paul?"

   I wondered how Leah had explained that. Had she told Rachel about my so-called abilities?

   "She does," she said. "Which is the only reason she's willing to keep her distance for at least a
   few years."

   "I suppose having an adult imprint on her is a better deal than some high school kid…"

   Leah shrugged and crossed her arms. "It's really the only thing keeping her away. Rachel is
   just as meddlesome as the rest of us. If it weren't for Paul, she'd be taking the first bus home."

   "Why? There's not much she can do."

   "I know that," Leah huffed quietly. "But she's worried about Jacob and I. And I know all too
   well what it feels like to be left in the dark, so I can understand where she's coming from."

   I dropped my gaze, unable to form a response. How angry would Leah be, if she knew of all
   the things I'd kept from her?

   Somehow, Rosalie drove us back home even faster than I thought possible.

   When we pulled up to my house and Esme stood to let us out from the backseat, I quickly
   climbed out and crossed the driveway after Leah. "Is it okay if you drive yourself back to La
   Push? You can borrow my truck obviously."

   Leah abruptly whirled around, eyeing me closely, before looking over my shoulder, where
   Esme still stood beside the open passenger door, waiting for me to return.
"Isabella, what's going on?" she asked, eyes narrowing in suspicion.

I crossed my arms and cast my gaze aside, unable to keep up any sort of pretense. I was too
on edge, nerves frayed.

Was it wrong of me to keep this from Leah? At this point in our friendship, I knew I could
trust her to believe me; to believe me when I said it wasn't the Cullens who would hurt me.

But Leah was reckless, impulsive; even more so than me. What would she do, if she knew I
was meant to die?

"Hey," she said, the sharp edge suddenly easing from her voice. "Whatever it is, you can tell
me."

"It's…" I trailed off, failing to find the right words.

Leah's face twisted with uncertainty. "I thought we didn't keep secrets from each other."

The unexpected guilt was like a knife to the chest.

"There's so much, Leah," I whispered, eyes lowered. "So much that I haven't told you."

"Why not?" she demanded.

"Because…" I blinked away the sting of tears. "I can't talk about it. It's too painful. I can't
help myself, Leah, but…I thought that maybe I could help you."

"You did," she told me firmly, eyes somber. "…And I think maybe, it's time for me to return
the favor."

I shook my head. "There's nothing you or anyone else can do." No one could return me to my
old life. And according to Alice, no one could keep me from death in this life.

"Says you," Leah scoffed, undeterred. "After the bonfire on Friday, you'll stay over at my
place. You can tell me everything then."

My eyes shot up in surprise. "…It doesn't sound like you're giving me much of a choice," I
said, lips curling into a wry smile.

Leah smirked. "I'm not. Now, where are your keys?"

I huffed quietly in disbelief. "They're inside. Come on."

Once I saw Leah off, I returned to Rosalie's car, where Esme still stood, waiting for me.

"Come here," she murmured, pulling me into a firm hug.

I sunk into her cold embrace, gripping her tightly and pressing my face against her shoulder.

"We'll get through this, sweet girl," she assured me, holding me just as tight. "Together."
"Thank you," I whispered, words muffled.

"Come on, the boys are waiting for us back at the house," she said, pulling back and gently
guiding me into the backseat.

Wordlessly, Alice reached over and gripped my hand in her's, eyes still lost. I curled my
fingers around her icy palm, the shock of cold serving to ground me.

I slowly breathed around the surging panic. Nothing would happen tonight; that much, I
could count on. And if Alice was still lost in her visions, then perhaps there was hope.

Still, the drive back to their place was silent with dread. I could hardly stand it.

When we arrived, Esme had barely stepped out and pushed forward the front seat, before
Edward was there, pulling me out of the car and into his arms.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"I don't know," I admitted.

He squeezed me tightly, before ushering me inside. To my surprise, we gathered in the living
room, rather than the dining room. Edward lead me to sit on the couch, while the others stood
in various spots around the room, faces carved from stone. I leaned against Edward's side as
his cool fingers combed through my hair.

Alice dropped directly onto the floor, hands braced against the coffee table, her eyes staring
at some invisible point on the surface.

"I know Edward here has a damn clear picture of what's going on in that freaky little head of
yours," Emmett spoke first, brow furrowed and arms crossed. "But we could use some
details, Alice."

Her head remained bowed, but she answered him all the same. "It's like this," she began.
"Exactly three weeks ago, a decision was made, and Isabella's future shifted onto a single
path. Events I cannot foresee lead to her near death, but we reach her in time to turn her.
When I devised a different path in which we left Forks, there was no one to save her. Without
our intervention, she dies."

I already knew all this. So what had changed?

"And you said this would all happen before the end of spring," I prompted her.

"Yes. In both futures, a funeral is arranged for you. Either because you die or because we
falsify your death. The date on the gravestone kept flipping between the months of March,
April, May, and June."

I felt like I could barely speak. "And now?"

Alice lifted her head, golden eyes clear and focused. "April."
"Oh," I croaked.

It was too soon. Much too soon.

An unsettling stillness permeated the room, stealing the breath from my lungs.

It was Emmett who broke the silence once more. "Well, what if we left, but took Izzy with
us?"

But already, the others were shaking their heads.

"You know we can't afford to draw that kind of attention," Jasper said, lips pursed in
frustration. "Besides, there's no sense in causing an alarm, only to be condemned by the
Volturi at a later date."

"It doesn't matter," Alice said. "Staying or leaving―whatever is after Isabella, will follow
her."

The icy flood of fear consumed my heart again. Edward had said as much, when Renée had
wanted to take me to Florida. But to think that whomever was after me would still follow me,
even while under the protection of the Cullens, was terrifying.

Rosalie's sudden scoff took me by surprise. We all turned to her and she met each of our
gazes with a severe frown. "I think it's obvious what we need to do. We should just change
her now."

I was unable to hear anything beyond that. April was right around the corner, and that was
horrifying enough. But to change now? Renée hadn't even left. I had school on Monday and
the bonfire on Friday. I still had so much to tell Leah. I didn't want to say goodbye. Not to her
or Jessica or anyone else.

"Well, Isabella?" I heard Rosalie say, snapping me out of my spiraling thoughts. "There's no
sense in endangering you or the rest of the family. If the outcome is you becoming a vampire,
then we can remedy that here and now."

I meant to agree. To say that she was right. It wasn't fair of me to drag this out any longer,
just because I wanted to be human.

What I asked instead was, "Wouldn't it incite a war with the tribe?"

To my surprise, it was Carlisle who shook his head. "Either way, we will be breaking the
treaty. There's no getting around that."

Finally, Edward spoke, voice tight, "I promised Isabella that I would do everything to make
sure she remained human for as long as possible. If she doesn't want to be turned now, then I
won't allow it."

Rosalie glowered at him. "Edward, you absolute moron―"

"Rose," Esme cut in sternly. "Mind your manners."
Rosalie huffed, but backed off, expression displeased.

"Why don't we give Iz a few days to think it over?" Jasper suggested. "We have at least that
much time. Right, Alice?"

Alice nodded sharply. "We do. The numbers are leaning more towards the end of April."

"A week," Rosalie decided. "We'll give you a week to think about it. But beyond that, we
can't afford to waste anymore time."

"I understand," I said, trying to keep my voice steady.

"Isabella."

I looked up and met Carlisle's concerned eyes from across the room. "Am I correct in
thinking you know exactly what the transformation will be like?"

I abruptly withdrew from Edward's arms and stood to my feet. "Yes. But whatever happens,
be sure to pump me up with some morphine, okay doc? I'm going to get some air. Excuse
me."

I turned and hurried from the room, exiting through the glass doors and traipsing down the
porch steps.

I stomped through the thick grass, tears of frustration blurring my vision. It was stupid of me,
but I'd hoped that I could outrun this. That I could escape whatever fate had in store for me,
despite Alice's every warning. Because it hadn't felt real. Not until now. I was a fool.

"Isabella, wait."

I paused and turned around to face Edward. In the falling gloom, all I could see was the pale
glow of his skin.

"Come here."

I rushed forward into his embrace, wrapping my arms securely around his waist. "I'm sorry."

Edward huffed an exasperated laugh. "Sorry? Don't be absurd."

When I didn't say, couldn't say, anything, Edward murmured, "You know you don't have to
do this, right?"

"I know," I said thickly against the fabric of his coat. Alice hadn't warned us that anyone but
me was in danger, but Rosalie was right to be cautious. And I'd already endangered my
family once, long ago. I refused to do the same to my new family. "But I will, because this is
the safer choice. Or would you rather we be caught up in something that even Alice can't
see?"

"What I want," he said. "What I've always wanted is for you to be happy."
I pulled back far enough to gaze up at him. "Humanity makes me happy," I said. "But you
make me happier."

He grinned crookedly. "Thank you."

I reached up and kissed his cheek. "Still," I said. "I'm sorry. You're not the one directly in
danger, so I don't have to worry for you. I don't imagine you find this easy."

"I don't," he acknowledged quietly. "But whatever it is that I have to endure to keep you in
my life, I will do it."

"Thank you," I said, resting my cheek against his shoulder. "I wish I were easier to keep
alive. Sometimes, I wonder what the point of me being here is, when avoiding tragedy feels
so impossible."

"You're here," Edward said. "Because your life was cut short too soon."

"I'm not a special case," I scoffed. "Many die young."

"But not you. You were given a second chance."

"And why do you think that is?"

"Because," Edward murmured and briefly bent his head to press his lips to my crown. "This
world is a much better place with you in it."

"You're being cheesy again," I giggled. But his words flooded my chest with warmth.

"I know," he chuckled. "Come on, it's getting late. We should get you back home."

"I guess so," I agreed reluctantly and sighed.

Despite that, we lingered in each other's arms, where I was safe and my fears eluded me.


Back at the house, Renée was quick to greet me at the door.

"Bella, you're back again!" she beamed. "Wait, where are your shopping bags?"

I halted, startled. "Oh shoot. I left them in Rosalie's convertible."

"Oh no, did they leave already?" she demanded, rushing to the door.

"Don't bother," I said, hanging up my coat. "Edward drove me back, so all the shopping bags
are at their house."

"Bella," she whined, turning to me. "I was curious to see what you bought. You've never
liked shopping before."

I shrugged. "It's fun going with friends."
"Oh."

Renée's presence in the house had been strange. There was nothing to do in Forks, so I'd been
forced to keep her entertained. But even with my efforts, the disconnect between us was
obvious.

She didn't want me. She wanted Bella. For that, I couldn't blame her.

"I'm completely wiped," I said, faking a yawn. "I'm going to bed. You should too. We need to
be up early for your flight."

Renée heaved a sigh. "You're right, of course. Go on then. Goodnight, baby."

Too relieved to not have her argue, I hurried upstairs, calling back, "Goodnight!"

I went through the motions of getting ready for bed, but once I was settled in my room, I
gathered every last journal and notebook I could find.

Rosalie had given me a week and I'd be damned if I allowed the venom to wipe away my
every memory. She'd been right about one thing. Not everyone had the luxury of foresight.

I decided to start off with my knowledge of Twilight. From the plotline, to the vampires, to
the vampire lore, to their government. It would be a less neater version of the Illustrated
Guide, but it would serve me well.

For the next several hours I sat at my desk, scribbling every fact I could remember.

And when my hand began to cramp and my sight began to blur, I set my pen down. I lifted
my notebook and skimmed through the pages I'd filled, making sure it was all coherent, until
I paused at an entry.

To keep Marcus in the coven, Aro murdered his own sister, Didyme, Marcus' mate.

Heart in my throat, I carefully ripped out the bottom of the page where it was written with
trembling fingers.

Some things, were best left forgotten.


I got about an hour of rest, before I was up once more, stuck in the back of the cruiser as
Charlie drove Renée out to the airport in Port Angeles.

I pretended to sleep, lying across the backseat, planning to avoid the awkwardness between
Charlie and Renée. At some point, I must've actually dozed off, because when I came to, they
were quietly talking.

"She's changed so much," Renée was saying.

"She has," Charlie agreed. "But she's happy, so what does it matter?"
"You don't understand," she bit out quietly. "It's like…she's a different person."

"People change, Renée. You didn't expect her to stay our little girl forever, did you?"

"No, but it feels so sudden. There's something wrong. I just can't put my finger on it."

Charlie's voice hardened. "Think what you like."

"I don't know why I expected you to understand," she snapped. "You wouldn't know. You
didn't watch her grow up."

I didn't need to see Charlie's face, to know his hurt.

"Are we almost there?" I asked, voice flat.

Charlie cleared his throat. "Yes, we're about to pull in."

An awkward silence descended.

It wasn't broken until we'd walked Renée all the way to security.

"Bella," she began. "I'll miss you. You'll visit soon, right?"

"Summer's right around the corner," I said, putting aside my irritation and offering her a small
smile. After all, it wasn't her fault that she was right.

And while taking it out on Charlie wasn't okay, right now wasn't the time to come to his
defense. Today would be the last day she'd see the face of her daughter. It would be her last
memory. I could hardly find it in myself to sour that.

Renée pulled me into a tight hug. "I can't wait!"

"Me too," I said. "Goodbye, mom."

"Goodbye, Bella."

Charlie and I lingered until she disappeared and then headed out to the car.

To my surprise, he pulled me into a side hug as we walked. "Not the spring break you were
expecting, huh?"

I let out a startled laugh. "You have no idea."

"Don't be too hard on your mom, kid," he said. "She's just having trouble letting go. You've
grown up so fast."

"I'll try not to hold it against her," I teased.

"By the way, where's your truck?"

I shot him a sheepish smile. "I let Leah borrow it last night."
"Of course you did," Charlie huffed. "Come on, I'll take you to pick it up before Billy gets the
wrong idea."

I laughed. "Alright, whatever you say chief."


Thursday morning, I awoke to the sound of someone knocking on my door.

"Bella?"

I abruptly sat up in bed, staring at Charlie through bleary eyes.

"What time is it?" I mumbled and sought my alarm clock.

9:32 AM

"Aw shit," I hissed, struggling to untangle myself from my blankets. I was over two hours
late to school.

"Are you feeling alright?" Charlie asked, still standing at my door, decked out in his uniform.
"I got a call from Shelly saying that you never showed up to your classes. I thought you'd
ditched with that boyfriend of yours…"

I paused and turned to him with a look of exasperation. "What? Why would you think that?"

"I'm starting to wonder that myself," Charlie huffed, leaning against the doorframe. "What's
going on? It's not like you to sleep through your alarm."

I rubbed the grit from my eyes. "Ugh, I don't know. I haven't been sleeping too well I guess."
What I didn't tell him, was that it was of my own doing. I'd spent the last couple of nights
awake, writing everything down―every memory, every fact, every detail I knew about
myself and about this world. Time was running out and I refused to let a single memory go.

If not for myself, then for Edward.

"It's been a while since that's happened," Charlie said, frowning. "Anything I can do to help?"

I shook my head. "I'm sure it'll sort itself out."

Once I actually go to sleep.

"Hmm. If you're certain," he allowed. "Listen, I have to get back. But feel free to get some
rest. You can go back to school tomorrow."

I smiled. "Thanks, I appreciate that, chief."

"Of course, Bells," he assured me, eyes filled with sincerity. "I'm here for you. Always."

My chest warmed with affection and in that moment, I was so grateful that I'd decided to
make room for him in my heart. "Thank you, dad."
After all, he'd made room for me.

"It's no problem," he said gruffly and turned to leave. "I'll see you later tonight."

"See ya."

And then, he was gone.

For a moment, I stared blankly at the pile of notebooks on my desk.

I was almost done. If I put in the effort, I knew I could be finished by this afternoon.

But as tempting as it was to get started, I knew I needed a break. I was starting to look rough
from losing out on so much sleep.

I started off by taking a long hot shower, scrubbing myself down until my skin was bright
red.

Once I was dressed, I went downstairs to eat a late breakfast, before venturing outside. In my
mad rush to write everything out, I hadn't been out and about much, so I slid on my parka and
took a walk alongside the neighborhood road. As beautiful as the forest trails were, I figured I
didn't need to tempt fate any more than I already had.

I inhaled the cold fresh air, carefully breathing around the soreness in my heart. Writing out
the memories of my life had been more difficult than I'd imagined. It meant I had to
remember all that had been taken from me, everyone and everything I'd lost.

And I'd been forced to grieve in a different way, as I wrote out every little anecdote that made
me who I am. Stories of growing up in Mexico, of bouncing between home and the States, of
helping to raise my brother, of going off to college, of becoming a teacher.

And then, I'd gotten to write about everything I'd gained. Memories of befriending Jessica, of
bringing Leah into the fold, of falling in love with Edward, of finding myself cherished by a
new family.

Despite the heartache, I knew I wouldn't give any of it up. Not for anything.

When I came across the empty neighborhood park, I slowed down. It was barren due to the
gentle rainfall.

I sat on the single bench, feeling strangely cathartic.

"Isabella," Edward's voice suddenly called.

I lifted my gaze and found him standing on the sidewalk, hands tucked into the pockets of his
coat, hair darkened and tousled with rainwater.

My gloomy thoughts seemed to settle at the mere sight of him and I smiled. "You found me."
Edward crossed the distance in a few, long strides and sat at my side, stretching out his long
legs and throwing an arm behind me, across the backrest of the bench. "I've heard Hufflepuffs
are particularly good finders."

A sharp laugh escaped me. "And how would you know that?"

"I read the books of course," Edward said smugly. "It was frustrating being unable to
understand all of your references."

"Babe, that's not a line from the books," I told him with barely concealed laughter. "That's a
line from A Very Potter Musical."

Edward frowned. "Oh. Emmett made an effort to be supportive and kept playing the movies
and God knows what else."

I giggled. "Next you'll be quoting Potter Puppet Pals."

Edward smiled crookedly, looking abashed. "My apologies for the mixup. I simply want to
understand everything about you."

A surge of tenderness for him swelled in my chest, until my heart felt too big, threatening to
collapse my lungs below. I love you.

"Isabella? Love?" Edward murmured, reaching up with his other hand to swipe his thumb
below my eye. "Why are you crying?"

I blinked and hot tears spilled past my lashes, merging with cool drops of rain.

Edward's brow furrowed, molten eyes burning with unease. "Is this about Rosalie's
ultimatum? You already know you don't have to say yes."

I shook my head. "Trust me, I know."

It was the right thing to do. It wouldn't endanger anyone, least of all me, and none of them
would have to worry for my safety.

It certainly wasn't easy. To willingly give up my humanity? To willingly walk away from
Charlie and all my friends, knowing it would hurt them so terribly? It wasn't easy.

But it was the right decision.

Everything had been so much simpler, when I believed I didn't have a choice.

"Whatever you decide," Edward murmured. "You must know that I will always support you. I
will always be on your side."

More tears welled up as I met his sincere gaze and my chest felt sore with the weight of
emotion. "I love you," I whispered hoarsely, vulnerably, feeling as though I'd cut myself wide
open. I burned hotly with the pain of it.
  Edward's soft, golden eyes widened, bright with sudden awe. And very gently, he curved his
  palm along my jaw and ran his cool thumb against my skin.

  My breath caught in my throat as he answered, voice ragged, "I love you, Isabella."

  The words thrummed in my ears and flooded me, engulfing the empty spaces, causing
  permanent and irreparable change. It was incredibly terrifying, how a single person could
  alter the very fabric of my soul.

  Not once in my life, had I ever given myself over to someone so wholly; could never have
  allowed another person this level of power over me. But now, my heart squeezed so tightly,
  so painfully, I knew I'd reached the point of no return.

  Edward leaned impossibly close and I tilted my head up in tandem. Raindrops slid along the
  ends of his hair, pattering against my face and trailing down my skin. The combination of
  love and longing made breathing almost impossible.

  "I love you," he whispered again, reverent.

  I closed the distance, lips colliding against his, releasing the buildup of emotions I'd been
  keeping locked away for far too long.

  He kissed me, just as fervent, repeating the words again and again between every kiss, until I
  feared my heart would explode and hot tears fell once again, mixing gently with the rainfall.



Chapter End Notes



    As always, thank you for reading! I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. If so, let me know
    your thoughts on it :)

    And thank you so much for 7k kudos!!! You guys are AMAZING!!! <3

    I'll be sure to update soon! :)
                          Chapter 52: All Have Been Lead Astray
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   "Isabella, are you serious?"

   I lifted my gaze from my exam and pouted. "It's not that bad!"

   "Another B? In Spanish? You know how unbelievable that is?" Jessica rolled her eyes at me
   as we exited the building and headed for the cafeteria.

   You don't even know the half of it.

   "I'll do better next time," I assured her. "We can form a study group, like you mentioned last
   time."

   "I am holding you to that!"

   I tried to smile. "Great."

   Before we could join the crowd of students entering the lunch room, Jessica pulled me to the
   side of the walkway.

   "Jess, is something wrong?" I asked her, folding up my test and shoving it into the pocket of
   my coat.

   "You tell me," she said, thin eyebrows drawn tightly over her baby-blues. "Are you okay?"

   A little too quickly, I said, "Of course."

   "Is it the Cullens?" she pressed. "Are you sad because Edward will be leaving soon?"

   My rigid expression softened. "Yeah, something like that."

   "I'm sorry," Jess said. "I noticed you've been upset. Do you want to hang out tonight? Maybe
   have a sleepover?"

   I shook my head. It was Friday. "I can hang out for a little bit, but Leah and the guys invited
   me to a bonfire in La Push tonight."

   Jessica pouted. "You're not allowed to bring friends?"

   "I wish," I snorted, in an effort to reassure her that she would be missed. "But no, it's tribal. I
   only managed to get an invite because I'm Quil's cousin."

   "Oh! Okay," Jessica said, thankfully looking appeased. "I didn't know that."
I barked a laugh. "That's surprising. Quil practically screamed it from the rooftops when he
first found out."

Jessica shot me a weird look.

"Yeah, don't ask."

"So, you're good to come over after school then?" she asked instead.

Despite the dread of knowing this might be the last time I got to hang out with her, I beamed.
"You can count on it."


Jessica's suggestion evolved into a full-blown slumber party, when Lauren and Angela caught
wind of it.

The lot of us were spread across Jessica's warm kitchen, radio blasting while Jessica and
Lauren sat at the counter, flipping through magazines. Angela and I stood on the other side of
the island, a mess of bowls and ingredients spread before us, as we mixed what would result
in a concoction of edible chocolate chip cookie dough.

"God, this is bleak," Lauren was saying, gesturing towards her magazine with a look of
disgust. "If Jen can't even keep her man, how is there any hope for the rest of us?!"

I peeked across the counter and caught sight of one of the tabloids announcing Jennifer
Aniston and Brad Pitt's impending divorce.

"It's just so sad," Jessica heaved a despondent sigh. "They were so cute together! Way cuter
than Brad and Angelina!"

"They're celebrities," Angela reminded them gently. "They're not what we would call a prime
example of marriage."

I snorted. "No kidding. Besides, we're not the ones competing with Angelina Jolie. I think
we'll be fine, Lauren."

"You mean you'll be fine," Lauren said snidely. "If my memory serves correctly, you're the
one who brought three dates to the spring dance."

I scowled at her. "Oh, very funny."

Jessica giggled. "She's got you there, Isabella."

"I can't believe you got away with that," Angela tutted as she poured brown sugar into one of
the measuring cups.

"What else was I supposed to do?" I grumbled. "Leah and Embry are the ones who showed
up unannounced. And then they convinced Whitney that it was a good idea to let them
inside."
"You could've let Varner kick them out instead of making everyone believe you're practically
cheating on Edward," Lauren pointed out as she flipped to the next page.

"No one actually believes that Lauren," I huffed as I spooned vanilla extract into my mix of
sugar and butter. "I obviously said that to get Varner off my back."

"No, but everyone does love a good rumor," Jessica said with a sheepish smile. "I heard June
went and asked Edward how he felt about the arrangement."

"What?!" I squawked, face growing hot. "She did not!"

Angela looked scandalized.

"Only June would have the audacity," Lauren snickered. "What a nutcase."

"I'm going to kill her," I decided, fingers tightening around the mixer handle in aggravation.

"If it makes you feel better, Edward didn't sound bothered," Jessica tittered, eyeing me
nervously. "Apparently he told her he was honored to have even a portion of your affections."

"He's so sweet," Angela cooed.

"Blegh," Lauren gagged. "Why does he talk like an old man?"

My cheeks still burned red, but for a different reason this time. "He's very old school," I
mumbled.

"I think it's romantic!" Jessica squealed. "Ah! I can't wait for prom!"

"Oh, yes, we need to go dress shopping like, now," Lauren said, straightening up in her seat.
"We have less than two months and I am not buying some raggedy dress from Port Angeles."

"Ooh! You want to make a trip all the way to Seattle?" Jessica gasped. "But, who's going to
take us?"

"We should ask Angela's mom," Lauren decided. "She's the nicest."

"Maybe," Angela allowed. "I'll ask, but we'd need someone to watch the boys."

"Just have Isabella do it," Lauren said with a careless wave in my direction. "She already
went shopping in Seattle with her new sisters, so it's not like she'll be missing out."

I rolled my eyes and tore open the bag of chocolate chips. "Way harsh, Lor."

"Yeah," Jess agreed with a pout. "Plus, she didn't even buy a prom dress. Right, Isabella?"

I flashed her a sheepish smile. "I don't actually need to. Alice is making my prom dress."

"See?" Lauren huffed.
"Even if she doesn't need one, I still think Isabella should come with us," Angela said,
shooting Lauren a look of disapproval. "It'll be more fun that way."

"Yeah, Lor!" Jessica chirped. "You don't have to be so crabby, just 'cause you're on your
period."

Lauren scowled at her. "Whatever."

"Here," I said, sliding a mug full of chocolate chip cookie dough across the tiled surface of
the counter. "Some chocolate should help."

Lauren perked up and grabbed a spoon.

"Lauren's right though," Jessica said, resting her elbows on the counter and cupping her chin
between her palms. "We need to go soon so that we can color coordinate with the guys. How
soon do you think your mom could take us, Ange?"

Angela pursed her lips as she poured a splash of milk into her bowl. "I'm not sure. I'll have to
get back to you on that."

"Here, Jess," I said, passing on another mug.

"Thank you!" she beamed, and then said around a mouthful, "Oh, this is yummy!"

"Thanks," I laughed. "Do you want some, Ange?"

"No, I'm almost done with this batch," Angela assured me, pouring chocolate chips into her
mixture.

I shrugged and served myself a generous portion.

"Wait," Jessica suddenly gasped, once she'd swallowed a mouthful of cookie dough.
"Isabella, do you know what your dress looks like?!"

I licked a chocolate chip stuck to my spoon and hummed in acknowledgement, before saying,
"Yep."

"Well?" Lauren said, looking a little less irritable. "Don't keep us in suspense."

"It's a deep indigo color, with long sheer sleeves, and off the shoulders," I described and
gestured towards my chest. "With all these little flowers tapered across like constellations.
And it's asymmetrical―knee-length in the front, floor-length in the back."

"Wow," Angela gasped.

"Ooh, what kind of flowers?" Jessica asked. "I love daffodils."

I laughed. "I prefer hydrangeas. But it's nothing so detailed. It's more wildflower types."

"That sounds gorgeous," Jess sighed, eyes glittering. "I can't wait to see it."
I didn't think about the fact that she wouldn't see it; didn't think about the fact that I would
never get to wear that dress. "Me too."

"Speaking of flowers," Lauren cut in. "Tyler better not get me one of those hideous wrist
corsages."

Jessica wrinkled her nose. "Really? I think they're pretty."

I winced. "Sorry Jess, I'm with Lauren here. They look so tacky."

"It's okay," Angela assured her as she served herself a mug of cookie dough. "I want to wear
one too."

Jessica grinned at her. "We'll look so cute with our wrist corsages!"

Lauren and I exchanged a look above our mugs.

"Right…" Lauren said dryly. "Anyway, we need to start brainstorming. This is going to be our
last summer before we can finally move out of this miserable town. And we need to make it
memorable."

"I second that!" Jessica exclaimed. "What should we do?"

We fell silent and all that could be heard was Avril Lavigne's My Happy Ending blaring from
the radio as we stared at each other cluelessly.

"Really, guys?" Lauren scoffed. "Nothing?"

I arched an eyebrow. "Well, have you thought of anything, Lauren?"

She shot me a smug look. "I actually have."

"Ugh, this better not be another rendition of the Maroon 5 concert you tried to make us raise
money for," Jessica sniffed.

Angela looked skeptical. "Yeah, Lauren. I am not spending another summer organizing any
more yard sales."

"Okay, admittedly, that was my bad," Lauren conceded with a small scowl, setting aside her
empty mug and crossing her arms. "But this is different, I swear."

"Fine, we're listening," Jessica said clumsily around another mouthful of cookie dough.

"I think it's time we finally go surfing somewhere other than First Beach," Lauren decided.
"A road trip along the Pacific coast would be perfect."

I grimaced, trying not to imagine going anywhere near the ocean again.

I didn't quite succeed.

"Um, I don't think my parents would let me," Angela admitted.
Jessica heaved a sharp sigh. "Ditto."

"Guys, we're practically adults," Lauren whined, slumping against the back of her chair.

"Maybe we can rope someone into taking us," Jessica suggested, setting her mug down.

Lauren wrinkled her nose. "Like who?"

"Angela's mom?" Jessica suggested with a nervous laugh.

"That's going to be a no," Angela said apologetically. "She's pretty busy in the summer
helping my dad organize church events. Plus, with the boys, she won't have time."

"Would it be better if you got one of the seniors to take you?" I asked instead.

Jessica narrowed her eyes at me. "Why does that sound like you're not coming?"

I pursed my lips and settled on, "I don't know how to surf."

Lauren scoffed. "Neither does Mike, and you don't see that stopping him."

"Hey, he's not that bad," Jessica giggled.

"He's getting better," Angela added.

Lauren scoffed. "Debatable."

"Anyway, you're coming with us," Jessica said, pointing a finger at me. "No excuses!"

I rolled my eyes and inadvertently glanced out the kitchen window. Night had already fallen.
"We can argue about this another time. I have to get going."

"Aw no way," Jessica pouted, but hopped to her feet. "I'll walk you out."

"Thanks. I'll see you guys on Monday."

"See ya," Lauren said with a careless wave, eyes already glued to another glossy picture of
her magazine.

Angela flashed me a smile. "Have fun!"

"I will," I called as Jessica walked me to her front porch. Outside, I turned to her and said,
"Thanks for this, Jessie. I had fun."

Jessica beamed. "You're welcome. Call me if you're free tomorrow!"

I hesitated. Depending on whatever plan Rosalie had concocted, this could very well be the
last time I saw her. And I didn't even know what to say.

"Sure thing," I settled on. "Thanks again."
Jessica eyed me strangely. "Don't you need to get going?"

"Uh, yeah," I said, reluctantly turning and traipsing down the porch steps. Over my shoulder,
I shouted a quick, "Bye!"

By the time I crossed the driveway, Jessica had already disappeared back into the house. I
gazed at the shut door remorsefully, before climbing into the driver side of my truck

Soon, I was on the road, on my way to pick up Leah first. It was a relief, knowing that I
wouldn't be showing up to Emily and Sam's house alone. I didn't imagine Sam was too
thrilled to have an outsider joining in tonight, and I had already thrown in my lot with Leah,
so being friends with Emily didn't exactly appeal to me.

Hopefully, the boys would make a nice buffer and quell the inevitable hostility.

It wasn't long after I'd exited Forks, merging out of the 101 and onto La Push Road, that my
phone buzzed in my pocket.

I answered without glancing at the caller ID, eyes glued to the dark road weaving in front of
me.

"Hello?"

"Isabella," Serena's voice choked out. "Thank God you answered!"

"Serena?!" I gasped, fingers curling tight around the edges of my cellphone in shock. And
then, I realized she was sobbing, gasping. "Hey, slow down. It's a little hard to understand
you. What's going on?"

"It-it's Angelo," she said, "I think he's dead."

I gaped. "Dead? Are you sure?"

"He-he was supposed to come last night," Serena bawled. "He promised. But I know he was
in some kind of trouble. You have to help me! I don't know what to do. What if they're after
me?!"

"Alright, just take a deep breath," I suggested, ignoring the spike of fear that cut through my
own heart.

If Angelo really had been killed, if this had been a result of him breaking the law, then it
could only be the Volturi at work. But then, that meant they would surely kill her as well.

Hoarsely, I asked her, "Where are you right now?"

"On the road. I didn't think it was smart to stick around. I have a friend in Canada who said
she'd let me stay for a while," she explained, hiccuping. "―oh no!"

"What happened?!"
"Fuck," she hissed, voice faint as though she'd lowered her phone. "I think there's something
wrong with my car!"

"Are you near any cities or rest stops?"

"Not since a few hours ago. I'm by a river, near the Bogachiel State Park."

I sighed, knowing I couldn't just leave her stuck out there, especially after dark. Hopefully, no
one was actually after her.

"That's not too far outside of Forks," I admitted. "I'll pick you up."

"R-really?" The relief in her voice was palpable. "Thank you, Isabella. Really. I feel like I'm
losing my mind."

"Of course. Hang tight, I'll be there soon."

I ended the call and slowed the truck to a shuddering halt, then turned back the way I'd come,
heading back towards the freeway.

My mind was a swirl of panic, as I tried to figure out what to do next. Despite my assurances
to Serena, I knew showing up alone would be foolish.

First, I needed to call Edward. And then, Leah.

I ignored the sharp stab of disappointment. I knew I wouldn't be getting another opportunity
to attend a bonfire.

"…Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging system. 206-620-0119 is
not available. At the tone, please record your message. When you've finished recording you
may hang up, or press one for more options."

"Edward," I said. I would have to try Carlisle next. "You remember Serena? She's here. She
thinks her boyfriend is dead, and that whoever killed him might―"

I was flying. The sickening crunch of metal rang against my ears, stomach dropping as my
body slammed between the seat and steering wheel, head knocking sharply against the roof
of the car as it spun.

And then gravity hauled us back down with a nauseating lurch and my body snagged against
the seatbelt, skull colliding against the steering wheel with a sharp crack.

The silence that followed was eerie and suffocating. Something hot slid down my forehead
and into my eye. I tried to move but my head spun and my stomach roiled in protest.

And then I heard the violent sound of ripping metal.

The driver door was gone.

"Isabella?!"
  Serena's pale green eyes glowed strangely in the night.

  I tried to speak, but a wave of black cut off my vision.

  "It's okay," was the last thing I heard, before I lost consciousness. "Everything will be okay."



Chapter End Notes



    Here's the beginning of the end, folks :) Hope you enjoyed!

    As always, comments are love :)
     Chapter 53: The Human, the Dhamphyr, and the Wardrobe
Chapter Notes



      Content Warning: Non-consensual medical procedures and forced pregnancy.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   I don't recall much of what came next.

   Flashes of images―bright, piercing lights that burned my retinas; blotches of darkness; a
   wooden ceiling; curious green eyes.

   Impressions against my skin―cold, metal, piercing, cutting; soft sheets; warm hands and
   fingers prodding, pressing.

   But darkness persisted across my vision, dragging me back under its veil, its grip unending
   and merciless.

   When I finally came to, my throat was parched, tongue dry like my mouth had been stuffed
   with a mound of cotton balls.

   "Here, drink this."

   A straw pressed against my lips and I greedily inhaled its contents.

   Whatever it was, it was soothing to my dry throat; warm and sweet.

   My eyes adjusted to the bright light, and I found Serena sitting at my bedside.

   "Serena?" I croaked, pressing a palm against the patch of soft gauze just above my eyebrow.
   "Where am I? What happened?"

   She didn't answer my questions. "How are you feeling?"

   "Um, shouldn't a doctor be asking me that?"

   My joke fell flat.

   That's when I realized I wasn't even in a hospital. Instead, I was in a bedroom with walls of
   light cedar wood, filled with rustic furniture, where I rested under a pile of soft cotton sheets.
   To my right was the source of bright light―a vast window framed with matching curtains,
   the blinds completely drawn up to welcome in streams of morning sunlight.

   To my left was Serena, sitting in an old chair, a clipboard resting on her lap.
"Think of me as your doctor," she suggested, smiling gently.

I tried to sit up, but a wave of fatigue hit me. Whatever drugs had been pumped into my
system remained, keeping me a prisoner in bed.

"Explain," I hissed, just barely overcoming the wave of black that threatened to engulf my
vision.

Serena's expression softened with sympathy. "I'm sorry, Isabella. There's a lot I haven't told
you. But if it'll be of any comfort to you, I'll explain."

I waited, face frozen into an icy glower.

"I've chosen you to be my next test subject," she stated simply. "You see, my father Joham―"

Something dark clenched painfully in my chest, heartbeat thumping so loud in my ears I
could barely process what she said next.

"―has, in the last few decades, taken an interest in artificial insemination."

Numbly, I realized, "You want to siphon me with his sperm."

Serena appeared startled by my swift conclusion. "Well, yes. In fact, I already have."

The numbness gave over to hysteria, fear choking the breath from my lungs with crushing
intensity. "No," I gasped. "No. No, you can't have―"

"It's okay, Isabella!" Serena prattled, gesturing towards her clipboard. "I've just about
perfected the procedure. Nothing will go wrong. In the end, you will provide me with another
sister. I can practically guarantee it."

"No!" I screamed, stumbling out of bed. "You're fucking insane! Get this thing out of me, or I
swear to God―"

Something thin and cold pierced my arm.

The chair was empty, and Serena now stood on my other side, bearing my weight.

"I like you, Isabella," she admitted frostily, gently pushing me back into bed, "but if you
continue to endanger the health of my sibling, I'm afraid we can no longer be friends."

"You bitch," I mumbled, before darkness swallowed my vision once more.


The next time I awoke, it was nighttime. A tall lamp glowed warmly in one corner of the
room. I was alone.

I pushed myself up with a shaky hand and tried to regain my bearings. My head throbbed, an
acute pressure pounding against my skull. My body felt tender, like it was one giant bruise,
and my mouth was unbearably dry.
I found the lidded cup on the nightstand and reached for it, before recalling that it wasn't
water.

I tried to swallow, but couldn't, remembering its sweet, soothing taste. I wrenched my hand
back, turning away with a look of disgust.

Instead, I stumbled to my feet beside the window. The blinds had been pulled down and the
curtains completely drawn. I pulled them back and peeked outside between the blinds, but all
I found was a void of darkness. I could see nothing.

"We're miles from civilization."

I jumped and shot Serena a glare over my shoulder.

"You could try to run, but it would be of no use," she continued, leaning casually against the
doorframe. An empty one, which contained no door.

I ignored her and turned to the wardrobe across from the bed. Inside, I found old, musty
clothes that hadn't seen the light of day in a long time.

"…I assumed you would have questions," Serena said.

I ground my teeth, nails digging into one of the coats I'd been looking over, eyes suddenly
thick with unshed tears, and the feeling of defeat settling heavy in my chest.

"What does it matter?" I whispered.

Behind me, her voice grew closer. "Because I like you, Isabella. And if I can make this easier
for you, then I would like to. You're a bright girl, so I'm sure you've figured it out. My father's
experiments―they have a hundred percent mortality rate."

"No…" I gasped quietly, suddenly recalling Alice's vision. She had been so sure―I would be
a vampire.

Her blind spots hadn't been caused by the wolves. They had been caused by Serena.

A sudden flare of hope rose quickly in me, pushing back against the weight on my shoulders
and leaving me light on my feet.

Somehow, I would survive this.

"It's true," Serena was saying. "No child bearer has ever survived this procedure."

Quickly, I wiped my eyes and cleared my throat. Refusing to show Serena my sudden change
in composure, I kept my back to her. "How long has it been since you abducted me?"

"It's been four days."

"And how long since you injected me with this parasite?" I grimaced, fingers curling into a
fist against my flat stomach.
"Three days."

"…You're the one who hit my car," I realized. She was half-vampire. For her, it would've
been effortless.

"I did."

"And how did you find me?" Why hadn't Alice seen this?

"It was a coincidence," she admitted. "I was driving, examining the area remotely, when I
passed by you on the road. I wasn't sure how often you saw your vampire, so I took
advantage right then, and called, trying to steer you outside of town. When I realized you
hadn't fallen for my trick, and intended to contact him instead, I got out and knocked you off
the road."

I felt sick. Serena's status as a hybrid combined with her indecisiveness is what had defeated
Alice's foresight in the end.

I blinked back tears as I tried to recall what little I knew about Serena. I'd had a total of four
phone calls with her, none of which revealed much, except for…

"And Angelo?"

"He doesn't exist."

It took me a long moment to process her words.

Angelo…didn't exist?

But why come up with such an elaborate lie? Perhaps in an effort to better relate to me? I
supposed that was one way to earn my trust. Even so, it was a disturbing revelation. I'd been
so easily fooled.

But, no. Her emotions, her fear was too real to have been faked. But who else…?

Finally, I turned around. Serena sat at the foot of the bed, patiently awaiting my next
question. I stared down at her pretty, manicured hands.

"It was Joham who broke your wrist."

Serena's calm facade morphed into an expression of hostility. "I said that was an accident,"
she said stiffly. "My father thinks of me as his equal. He sometimes forgets that I am not."

"I've never heard of a vampire forgetting anything."

Serena momentarily blurred as she flashed to her feet.

"Drink your blood, Isabella," she said frigidly. "It's the only sustenance you'll be receiving."

In a burst of speed, she was gone.
Ignoring my dry, desiccated mouth, I turned back around, and sifted through the last of the
clothes, until I reached the wood of the wardrobe.

For a moment, I couldn't swallow or breathe.

Tears blurred my vision and finally spilled down my cheeks as my fingers traced the tally
marks someone had carved into the wood.

The total count was sixteen.

Serena's last victim had lasted sixteen days.

Although my nails became ragged as a result, I was successful in scraping an additional four
tallies right below the first set.


The cabin was a tiny, one-bedroom structure. Beside the room was a single bathroom, also
without a door, and beyond that, was a small living area combined with an equally small
kitchen.

Serena sat with her back to me at a wide desk swamped with piles of paper. Stacks of
textbooks precariously lined the edge. I could just make out the titles printed across the
spines, revealing subject matters ranging between basic biology, anatomy, and human
genetics.

It looked like she was doing…homework?

"Have you drunk your blood?"

I nearly jumped at the sound of her voice and glared at the back of her head. "Who was
Lisa?"

"…Why do you ask?"

"Because I'm wearing her sweater."

I gazed down at the driver's license I'd found in the pocket and perched on the edge of the
single couch, behind where Serena sat. The picture revealed her to be a pretty redhead.
Although I couldn't be sure how old she'd been when she'd died, she'd be as old as Charlie if
she were still alive.

Serena sighed and twisted in her chair to look at me. "She was a failed experiment from the
80s."

"A failed experiment," I repeated clumsily, my blood turning to ice.

Serena adjusted her position until she was better facing me. "Yes. After my father failed to
find another male vampire to join him in his endeavors, he turned to the latest human
discoveries. He figured that if other vampires couldn't demonstrate the same self-control that
  he had, then perhaps science could help bridge the gap. That's when we began to consider the
  idea of artificial insemination…"

  Numbly, I listened as Serena went on to explain the science, to describe how two different
  victims she'd chosen had died as a result of her tests. It wasn't until after Serena had reported
  the second death, that Joham realized their blood likely hadn't been strong enough to sustain
  his offspring. Centuries ago, he'd noticed that women with more appealing blood were likely
  to conceive quickly and successfully carry the child to term. In order to reaffirm his theory,
  he'd selected a victim of his own choosing and fathered a new daughter, Jennifer.

  And then, having to raise a new sister had set Serena back years from being able to succeed
  in her own experimentations.

  Eventually, she grew short of words, and I allowed the chilling quiet to linger between us.

  "It's okay, Isabella. You're not Lisa. You won't be a failed experiment. Your blood is much
  stronger than hers."

  "No," I agreed in a whisper, still gazing down at the girl with the freckles and the cheerful
  blue eyes. "I won't be."

  Alice had seen that I wouldn't die. Not in any way that counted.

  But Serena didn't know that. She didn't know that I would find a way to escape from this
  cliché of a hellhole. Even if it meant aborting the child from my body.

  "Have you drunk your blood?"

  "Yes," I lied. "I have."



Chapter End Notes



    The hybrid vampires make for such a good horror story subplot :)

    I want to credit silentmayhem, who reached out and shared their ideas with me back
    when I first published this story! The basic premise they came up with was making
    Joham and his daughters the antagonists of the story. I loved it and decided to make
    Serena my main villain. (Victoria's newborn army and the Volturi are overdone, so I was
    excited to try something different!) Thanks again friend! :)

    A special thank you to Raviyoli for beta-reading this chapter! It's a little late in the
    game, but I'm so happy to have found a beta!

    And a shout out to my wonderful commenters! Love you guys! <3
Anywho, it's that time of year again, so I'm off to summer camp! Y'all can expect an
update in July :)

Additional notes:
- The archive warnings and rating have been updated in anticipation of upcoming
chapters.
- The total chapter count has (hopefully) been revised for the final time.
- Story tags have been updated.
                                            Chapter 54: Dark Angel
Chapter Notes



      Content Warning: Non-consensual medical procedures, graphic depictions of violence,
      and body horror.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   My eyes stung with sudden tears, and a strangled gasp caught in my throat as the sharp end of
   a rock sliced through my palm. Blood spilled, brilliant red, and dripped across trembling
   fingers.

   Maybe this wasn't the brightest idea. Maybe I was making things worse. But I was on my
   own. I had nothing left to lose.

   The rock slipped from my grasp and fell with a clatter as I lifted my bloodied hand, pressing
   it against a tree trunk. Loam and flakes of bark caught in the open wound, but I pressed
   onward, hiking through the jade labyrinth.

   Was this not what Bella had done?

   I ignored the black creeping in at the edges of my vision and the nausea swirling in my gut,
   carefully climbing over fallen trunks, edging around brambled shrubs, and navigating the
   slippery soil, pausing at short intervals to press a bloodied palm against the woodland around
   me. This had certainly sent the newborn vampire army into a frenzy. I could only hope that
   Edward and the others would catch my scent.

   When the sun hit its highest point, streaks of light that poured down in shades of filtered
   greens, I stopped to lean against the sturdy trunk of a hemlock tree.

   My time was up.

   Tears spilled down my cheeks.

   "I'm sorry," I whispered. It was no use. No matter how far I separated myself from Serena, it
   was unlikely Alice could see me. Not with what I now carried inside of me.

   "What have you done?!"

   My head remained tilted downward, the side of my face pressed against rough bark, black
   spots dotting my vision.

   Serena's hand wrapped around my wrist, yanking up my limp hand to examine the dirty,
   blood-soaked mess.
"Isabella, you fool," she hissed. "No one is going to find you. Wasting your precious blood is
senseless!"

When I didn't answer, Serena examined me closer and her expression softened.

"Come on, you need to get some rest."

Even if I'd had any sort of strength, I knew I couldn't fight her. Still, I resisted.

Serena hardly seemed to notice. She scooped me up in her arms, and the world around us
blurred into streaks of green and brown. It was the last thing I saw before my vision went
black.


I awoke to the steady pounding of my head and the gritty feeling of having slept for far too
long. My mouth was unbearably dry and every limb ached, the feeling of having remained
frozen throughout the entirety of my slumber. When I peeled back my burning eyes, I was
shocked to be met with darkness.

In the dead quiet of night, the beating of my heart thundered in my ears, every breath far too
loud.

The previous nights had all been the same in that I remembered none of them―only a heavy,
dreamless sleep that was the result of being drugged by Serena. The lack of nightmares had
easily given it away.

I winced as the bed creaked under me. Slowly, I pushed myself up and scooted out of bed,
until my bare feet hit the wooden floorboards. A single source of light emerged from beyond
the empty doorway.

I edged closer and peeked out into the main room. The lamp in the corner of Serena's
crowded desk remained powered on, dimly lighting up the dark cabin.

Serena laid across the couch, dark curls pulled back into an unkempt knot, an open textbook
sprawled across her belly, as though she'd fallen asleep while in the midst of studying―the
classic image of any sleep-deprived college student.

It was no wonder I'd been so easily deceived by her.

I stared down at her, a hot righteous anger twisting in my chest, coating my throat, and
searing my eyes, wishing I could smother the very life out of her.

But I wasn't stupid. With her near-vampiric senses, it wouldn't be long before she awoke and
overpowered me.

I gritted my teeth and took another glance around.

There wasn't much to look at. Opposite her study space was a small kitchen sink and counter.
The only appliances available were the small washing and drying machines, an ancient
microwave, and a padlocked fridge.
My eyes drifted down to the lock chaining the door closed. I fiddled with the bobby pins
inside Lisa's sweater pocket.

What the hell, I decided.

I was by no means an expert in picking locks. But that stupid lock picking kit I'd once bought
for my brother had had its uses.

I bit into the first bobby pin, pulled it apart, and got to work.

Slowly, but surely, the pins inside the lock clicked, one by one. I ignored the fiery burn across
my injured palm, wrapped tightly, ignored the tears pricking my eyes, until, to my surprise,
the lock actually snapped open.

The abrupt sound jolted through me and I glanced back over my shoulder. But Serena made
no indication that she'd woken up.

I quietly pulled apart the chain and set it down. When I drew open the door, I was met with
the sight of rows upon rows of blood bags neatly lining the fridge racks. And beside me,
along the shelf of the fridge door, was a clutter of small white bottles. I leaned closer, but the
words printed across remained foreign to me―long, convoluted words that only someone
with a medical background could decipher. The only recognizable label I found was the one
for morphine.

I shifted my gaze back to the bags of blood and deliberated. Perhaps, for too long.

My first instinct was to take every single blood bag and dump it. Serena couldn't possibly
have any more supply of blood beyond this, right?

But the plastic wouldn't be easily cut open and the tubing was far too small to make quick
work of it. I'd get caught before I made it further than a handful of bags.

This would be my only chance. I had to be smart about this.

I squinted closely at the bags, and in the dim lighting, caught sight of the labels lining the
base of each blood bag. My mouth dropped open.

She's an idiot.

In neat, curly handwriting, each bag was marked by name. The majority were labeled
Isabella, along with an attached date―supposedly the date of consumption. But others were
simply labeled Serena.

My eyes flew back over to the bottles of medicine lined across the topmost shelf of the fridge
door.

I peeked over my shoulder yet again. Across the couch, Serena shifted slightly and huffed out
a small breath.

I froze.
When she made no further movements, I turned back and picked a bottle at random in my
uninjured hand. The medical jargon was an alien language, but amongst the many bottles,
some had to be sedatives. Of that, I had no doubt.

It could work. Maybe. Serena drank blood much more rarely than I did from what little I'd
seen, but if this worked, I had a chance. Because even sleeping, I had no hope against her.
But drugged?

My fingers curled tightly around the bottle for a moment. And then, I got to work.

I turned and reached inside the nearby trash can, quickly digging out a used syringe, tossed
amongst empty blood bags and bottles. After using it to withdraw the liquid drug from the
first bottle I had on hand, I picked out a bag marked with her name, and gently tugged off the
clamp holding the tube close. With shaking, hurting hands, I slowly injected the drug into her
blood bag.

I picked out a different bottle, a different blood bag, and did it again. And again.

It was when I was reaching for the fourth blood bag, that I heard the shifting creak and groan
of the old couch. I froze again, blood roaring in my ears.

I twisted around, from where I was still crouched beside the refrigerator, but Serena remained
sprawled across the couch.

I bit the inside of my lip, refusing to make any noise that might rouse her, and turned to
gently shut the fridge door. Slowly, so as not to rattle the chains, I rehooked the lock,
returning it to the exact position it'd previously been in.

After shoving the syringe back down into the trash, I pushed myself to stand, legs quivering
under me. I moved across the old, creaking floorboards and had just crossed the empty
doorway into my prison cell, when I heard a groggy, "Isabella, is that you?"

"Who else would it be?" I snarked, incurring enough anger to conceal my shaking nerves.

"Right," Serena mumbled. "Go to bed. It's late."

I glowered and curled my trembling fingers into fists, the sharp pain across my palm serving
to ground me. But, unsure if I could continue to maintain a steady voice, I remained silent
and returned to bed.

Three chances, I thought desperately. I've given myself three chances.


Cold like pins and needles pierced my skin, suctioning all warmth and leaving me as a
frostbitten corpse.

Black water lapped at my ankles, numbing them beyond the point of feeling. I had no feet;
simply, masses of frozen flesh that somehow still moved at my command.

For a long time I trudged through the dark, icy waters, in a feeble attempt to regain warmth.
And then, I saw her.

A girl, splayed face down across the rippling water, white limbs floating uselessly on either
side of her.

My deadened feet splashed noisily, until I collapsed to my knees beside her, shoving aside her
mass of wet, tangled brown hair and pushing her over.

"Are you―" My words stuck in my throat.

It was…me?

No. No, this girl wasn't me. She was someone else, before she was me.

She was Bella.

"Bella?" I croaked, pressing a palm against her damp, gray cheek. It was like stone.

I checked for her pulse. But she had none.

She was dead.

"Bella? Bella, I'm sorry," I whispered. "I'm so sorry―"

I awoke with a choked gasp, feebly pushing myself up as I tried to breathe past the grief
surging in my chest and knotting in my throat.

I scrunched my eyes closed and forced back the tears, breaths shuddering through me,
painful, but reminding me that I was still alive; that it was not me who had died, but Bella.

"Isabella? Was it a nightmare?"

Slowly I opened my eyes, blinking, and lifted my head. Morning sunlight streaked through
the open blinds, naturally lighting up the room. Serena stood at my bedside, a cup of fresh
blood held between her hands.

I vaguely recalled sleeping through most of yesterday, being awoken by Serena only long
enough to be fed before losing consciousness once again. Waking up in the middle of the
night almost felt like a dream.

"Yes," I croaked dully.

"Here!" Serena pushed the cup towards me. "Drink. You'll feel much better."

I grasped the cup with trembling hands, wincing when a fiery sting lit across my left palm.
The jagged cut was hidden, neatly swathed in white bandages I had taken little notice of the
previous night.

Serena took a seat at the edge of the bed, watching me with bright, attentive eyes. And for a
moment, fear squeezed the breath from my lungs.
Did she know? Had she seen me dumping cups of blood down the toilet, down the sink, in
the shower? I would rather deny my child blood, deny it life, than let them be taken from me
by Serena and Joham.

Reluctantly, I lifted the straw to my lips and drank, nearly crying in relief.

For the past week, I'd been glutting myself with water from the sink to the point of vomiting,
only drinking blood when Serena kept me within her line of sight. It had left me weak, pale,
and shaky.

Perhaps Serena didn't need to know that I'd been disposing of her blood supply. Maybe it was
the pathetic sight of me that was tipping her off.

"You have to be careful," she said, as though reading my thoughts. "This is a delicate process,
with a history of a high failure rate."

"You said I had the blood for it," I reminded her flatly.

Serena smiled, tucking a stray curl behind her ear. "Yes. That was one of the first things I
noticed about you."

I looked away from her and slowly continued to drink.

"Are you feeling better?" she asked. "What you've been doing to yourself is difficult on your
body. I'm afraid I'll have to start limiting your physical activity soon."

I gritted my teeth and instead demanded, "Where are we?"

From my periphery, I saw her eyes narrow. "Why do you want to know?"

I shrugged. "The trees aren't so different from the ones at home." What I didn't say was that
I'd already exhausted myself and my time exploring the surrounding landscape. I had been
surprised by the loose leash Serena had kept me on.

As it turned out, she had little to worry about.

There really was no one―no town, no roads, no signs that I could find. Whatever vehicle
Serena owned was nowhere to be found. And I could only make it so far before she tracked
me down by scent alone.

There would be no escape. Not on my own.

"You're closer to home than you'd imagine," Serena chuckled, rising to her feet. "Honestly,
don't worry yourself about it. No one is going to find you."

"…You really believe that?"

"Your vampire boyfriend might be angry that I took you before he was done playing with
you, but if he hasn't found you by now, I sincerely doubt he'll continue to look for you."
I flexed my fingers around the cup with a wince. "You're wrong," I said hoarsely.

Serena gazed at me pityingly. "You're not the first girl I've seen lured in by the beauty of
vampires. He would've killed you."

I glared scathingly at her, nostrils flaring. "And thisis somehow better?!"

Serena tilted her head in thought. "Either way, you're a dead girl walking. At least this way,
you serve a bigger purpose than simply being someone's meal."

"Bullshit!" I spat, chucking the half-empty cup to the ground, blood exploding across the
floorboards. "You experiment on living humans. You're using me as a live incubator, and then
stealing away my child. You're worse than any killer, Serena. You're a monster."

The pity in her eyes vanished. "Think what you like," she said coldly. "I'm going to knock a
few more of my assignments out. I'll come find you when it's time for lunch."

When I didn't say anything, Serena turned away sharply and disappeared through the empty
doorway.

Gingerly, I pushed myself out of bed and stood on unsteady legs, waiting for the dizzy spell
to pass. The nausea never quite settled, but once my vision cleared, I edged around the
gruesome blood coating the floor and slid my feet into a pair of sandals. I trudged outdoors,
ignoring the sight of Serena busy at her desk.

The scene outside was picturesque.

The golden sun shone brightly, backed by clear blue skies. The cabin was perched on a small
lake, a pier extending over it, with lush greenery and clusters of towering firs as far as the eye
could see.

"Where did you bury Lisa's body?"

"I never said I buried her."

Sharply, I glanced away from the lake, and turned to walk in the opposite direction,
northwest.

My palm twinged, but I didn't dare unravel the bandages. As loath as I was to admit it, the
half-cup of blood had helped. But even with it, I wasn't completely stable on my feet. I relied
heavily on the vegetation around me to keep myself steady, gripping whatever was closest to
me as I slowly hiked the uneven terrain.

Unfortunately, I didn't make it far before I was forced to sit down.

I collapsed between the sprawling roots of a cedar tree, bark sharply digging into my spine,
head spinning.

"If you can see me, Alice, please come soon," I prayed. "I don't know how much more I can
take."
Birds sang, small creatures scuttled, and insects buzzed somewhere above me. I closed my
eyes and listened to the whistling wind and the rustle of branches above, wishing desperately
for normalcy, for the nightmare to end.

My hopes for escape were dwindling far too quickly. And so far, there was nothing I had
found which could help me contact someone. The cabin was barren of anything I could use to
that end. The only thing I had yet to try was swimming to the other side of the lake, but even
that had no guarantee of leading me anywhere promising.

Far too soon, the sun reached its highest point, and I shakily pushed myself to my feet.

"Sorry, Alice," I whispered. "It's time for me to return to the Bates Motel."

It was either that or have Serena take me back by force. I wasn't sure which was worse.

When I returned to the cabin, Serena didn't even glance in my direction. With her back still to
me, she said, "I refilled your cup. It's in your room."

Wordlessly, I went to the single bedroom and found the cup no longer on the floor. It stood
neat and full on the nightstand. The floorboards were wiped clean.

A mere sip managed to clear my head, but I refused to stomach anymore than that.

I gently set the cup back on the nightstand and drifted over to the wardrobe. Inside, I
scratched the eleventh tally mark with a tattered fingernail. If Serena hadn't lied to me about
how long she'd kept me sedated in the beginning, then today was the fifth of April.

I closed the doors of the wardrobe and pressed my forehead against the cool wood.

They would find me. I knew they would.

I had to believe it, because if I didn't, I would have nothing left.

"Isabella."

I didn't bother turning to face her. "What do you want?" I asked dully.

"I finished up a load of laundry," Serena said. "Here, I'm sure you'll want to clean up soon."

By the time I twisted around, she had already disappeared, leaving behind a towel and a fresh
set of clothes folded atop the bed.

I decided this was as good an opportunity as any.

Balancing the weight of fabric in one arm and lifting the cup in my other hand, I headed into
the neighboring bathroom. I dumped the clothes and towel atop the sink and soon, had the
shower running, water blasting noisily against the tub.

As carefully as I could, I removed the lid and held the cup above the rushing water, slowly
dribbled its contents over the rim. Blood joined the spray, noises blending into one loud din
and washing down the drain. It was one of the ways I'd managed to fool Serena so far. But it
only worked so long as she stood nowhere near the empty doorway.

A part of me wondered if this was a mistake. I knew I wasn't only hurting the thing growing
inside of me. I was also hurting myself.

But…it was the only thing I could do that gave me a sense of control.

When at last the cup was empty, I leaned back and lowered my arm. As I turned, the cup slid
from my hand and clattered onto the floor, Serena's stony gaze on me.

I paled, dread washing over me, but I stood my ground.

"I'm disappointed." Serena didn't even sound angry, and her features only expressed mild
irritation.

My heart thundered more loudly than the crashing of water at my back, but my glare
remained even, features carved from stone. "What do you plan to do? I never consented to
any of this, Serena."

"No," she agreed, voice strangely distant. "You didn't."

A sharp stab of fear suddenly cut through me.

"But the alternative is much worse."


I was choking.

Something was jammed into my mouth, down the length of my esophagus, pulling at the
contracting muscles as I gagged against the foreign entity, trying to swallow, trying to
breathe.

I lifted a hand, intending to rip it out, but my limbs were slow, heavy.

I'd once thought that the worst pain I would endure was drowning. As many times as I'd
suffered it, it was never any easier―the scrape of water invading my throat and flooding my
seizing lungs, the dark cold depriving me of all warmth, the helpless, muted scream for
oxygen.

It was silent and desperate and utterly lonely.

But being forcefully intubated was near exact in its cruelty.

Tears blurred my vision as I tried to breathe around the pain. By the time I touched my face,
fingers weakly grasping at the feeding tube inserted into my mouth, another's hand interfered.

"Don't touch that," a voice admonished me gently, drawing my hand away and returning it to
my side.
Tears spilled past my lashes and trailed down the sides of my face.

"I know it's uncomfortable, but you've given me no other choice, Isabella," Serena continued.
As she spoke, something cold and sharp pierced the inside of my forearm. "Don't worry,
you'll feel nothing soon enough."

Drowsiness pulled at my lids and I quickly succumbed to a heavy slumber.

Time ceased to exist.

I had little awareness, but every conscious moment was filled with pain and discomfort.

The plastic in my throat remained solid, an unmovable object that refused to adjust against
convulsing muscles. And further below, something inside of me grew, pushing up against my
ribs and pelvis and weighing me down.

I was completely and utterly helpless. I could only watch as my stomach rose, swelling up
like a balloon. Something moved, painfully straining against organs and bones, making room
for itself as it grew larger, inch by inch.

I wanted to get up. I wanted to rip the tube out of my throat. I wanted to puke back every
ounce of stolen blood. But the drugs remained stronger than I, continuously dragging me
down like the current of the tide. Every second of awareness was brief and fragile, taken from
me more quickly than I could predict.

And then, one day, the wardrobe at the other end of the room vanished. In its place, a crib.

The fist around my heart tightened, bruising the fragile hope I clung to with all I had left.


The next time I came to, it was to the sight of Serena standing above me, looking down at me
with a sympathetic gaze.

I was in too much pain to properly glare at her.

"Isabella," she began softly. "If you're willing to cooperate with me now, then I'm willing to
remove the tube. I'd hate for this to be how you live your last days…"

Fuck you.

"So, what will it be?" she asked. "Will you comply?"

I nodded feebly.

Anything to be able to breathe painlessly again.

"That's good," Serena said, and went to grip the tube in her hands. "Take a deep breath, and
exhale as I pull it out. Ready?"

I narrowed my eyes in concentration and inhaled a rasping breath.
She pulled―

―the muscles inside my throat screamed in agony, straining apart. I cried out silently, every
noise muffled as I gagged against the tearing and ripping. But the pulling continued without
mercy, ignorant of the torment it caused, choking me, tearing at bloodied flesh. Thick tears
flooded my eyes and spilled down.

And with one final cough, the last of the tube was wrenched sharply out of my mouth.

I collapsed back against the mound of pillows keeping me upright, sobbing around every
grating breath.

Too soon, something pressed against my mouth and I recoiled, hands shooting up to blindly
shove away the unknown object.

"Isabella, you need to drink," Serena said.

I pressed a palm against my mouth, shielding it while I coughed and gasped. Every breath
scraped down the length of my throat, insides torn and rubbed raw.

The bed dipped as she sat at my side. "It'll relieve the pain. Go on."

'No,' I tried to say, but no sound came out.

It wasn't until the sobs quieted and my breathing had evened out, that Serena raised the lidded
cup once more.

"Please, drink," she said. "You promised you would cooperate."

The threat of another forced intubation went unsaid.

Tears continued to dribble steadily down my cheeks as I took the cup between shaky hands
and lowered my mouth over the straw. I squeezed my eyes shut in anticipation before
drawing a small sip.

The pain was not as unbearable as I'd imagined. The sweet blood slid smoothly down my
tattered esophagus, causing only minor discomfort.

Serena watched closely as I drank. "Good," she said. "My father will be pleased by this
development."

I froze. Serena had not mentioned Joham since the first night I'd awoken in this place.

"You're in contact with your father?" The question was a croaked whisper, barely audible to
my ears.

A phone. She has to have a phone!

"Yes," Serena said with a fond smile. "He's very invested in the success of this project."
  The familiar, sick feeling caused my insides to churn and twist. I thought of all the lies she'd
  told me; all the lies I'd foolishly believed. And I couldn't help but wonder: Why even use a
  false name? She had used 'Angelo' to cover up Joham's actions when she'd been hurt by him.
  But if I were normal, if I had no knowledge of this world that coexisted alongside humanity,
  Joham's name would've meant nothing to me.

  Perhaps she was also lying to herself.

  Around another sip of blood, I said hoarsely, "You told me that Angelo didn't exist. Is that
  true?"

  "The story was a lie, yes," she freely admitted, seeming unbothered by the question. "I'm
  sorry for the deception. At the time, it was all very spur of the moment. But I confess," she
  continued, "the alias is one my father sometimes uses. It was bestowed to him many centuries
  ago. The woman who birthed me didn't know his true nature, but she knew he was something
  more. She called him her dark angel."

  "Dark angel," I mumbled, staring down at the rim of the blood-coated straw. And then, it
  clicked. Angelo Black. "Serena Black."

  Serena looked startled. "You looked me up?"

  "You vanished. I was worried." Now, it felt like a sick joke.

  For a moment, Serena didn't appear to know what to do with the information. Her eyes were
  wide with surprise, mouth slightly parted, as though she meant to say something. But in the
  end, she simply murmured, "Finish up."

  All too familiar with the consequences now, I reluctantly did as told. But I drank slowly, the
  pain along my throat flaring up with every gulp I took, causing my eyes to tear up.

  In the silence that followed, Serena cocked her head, ear tilted in the direction of my round
  stomach.

  "Is that…?" She frowned, the color in her cheeks draining, face paling in shock. "This…this
  is impossible."

  "Serena, what is it?" I demanded hoarsely, my own fear threatening to rise up and grip me in
  its familiar chokehold.

  She lifted her head and locked eyes with me, gaze colored with trepidation. "I think there's
  two of them―twins. And you must do everything I say if they're going to survive."



Chapter End Notes



    It's getting uglier, but the fight isn't over yet folks.
'Dark angel' is listed as one of Joham's aliases on his wiki page, so that's where I got that
from.

Thank you to Raviyoli for all your help! :)
                           Chapter 55: The Sinking Girl
Chapter Notes



    Content Warning: Non-consensual medical procedures, graphic depictions of violence,
    body horror, and temporary character death.




  The reality was that there were no tests Serena could administer that could confirm her
  suspicions. Even if she had access to ultrasonic equipment, the amniotic sac was far too
  formidable to allow us a glimpse. All we had to go on was her supernatural ability to hear
  what could not be seen―two individual heartbeats thudding away inside of my uterus.

  "This changes everything," Serena said as she ran a bath. "I will have to do the procedure
  much sooner than I anticipated."

  My grip around the edges of the sink tightened. "How much sooner?" I watched myself ask
  the question as I stared into the mirror. My long hair was flat and oily, lips chapped, and eyes
  dull. Serena had kept me intubated for ten days. I was long overdue for a shower, but with my
  belly as huge as it was, Serena had decided that a bath was the safer alternative.

  Or maybe she just didn't trust me not to purposefully hurt myself. Not that I would. At this
  point it would be a useless endeavor, and would likely result in my immediate death.

  "In three days or so," Serena admitted over the noise of gushing water, frustrated. "At best,
  the full gestation period for a hybrid is thirty days. The closest I can cut it down to is twenty-
  three."

  I frowned. "What is the equivalent to that in a human pregnancy?"

  "Seven months, I would estimate," she said. "It's risky, but I think it's the safest course of
  action. They have only so much room to grow. Either way, I'm not sure if they will survive."

  Her expression was dour. I should've felt smug at the sight of it. Every single one of her plans
  was being ruined, just like that, and in the end she might not even have anything to show for
  it.

  She would fail.

  Isn't that what I'd wanted? Hadn't I tried to deny my child life, rather than allow Serena to
  steal them away? So, why did I feel so grieved?

  My gaze dropped and I stared, bleary-eyed, at the round protrusion of my stomach, hidden
  under the cover of a towel.
Maybe because I knew the little monsters weren't so monstrous. Not really. Renesmée had
proved as much. If they lived, they would be strange, developing far too quickly than any
child should, but they would be alive.

When I was younger, I used to imagine what it would be like to have children of my own.
But not like this. Never like this.

More tears welled up, trailing down my cheeks and dripping onto the towel stretched over my
stomach.

"Serena," I said, my voice still a weak rasp, pushing aside all hopelessness. "Where are we?"

"This again?" she huffed, voice nearly drowned out by the crashing water. "Why does it
matter?"

I bit back the sudden surge of anger and said, "Please?"

"We're in California," she finally admitted, exasperated, and then shut off the water. "Are you
ready?"

I turned away from the mirror and faced the tub, now three-quarters of the way full. "Yes.
You can go now."

"No," she said, rising to her feet. "I will help you get in first."

I clutched at where the edges of my towel were twisted, secured firmly around me, and
scowled at her. "Is that really necessary?" I bit out.

"Yes," she said firmly, and held her hand out.

I gritted my teeth and, with a tug, dropped the towel to the floor. My nude body was hideous,
the expanse of my belly a mess of mottled bruises, shades of black and blue that discolored
my once pale skin.

When I bypassed Serena's gesture completely, she forcefully took my hand in her strong grip,
and refused to relinquish her hold until I was sitting safely inside the tub of water.

"You can go now," I said again, snatching my hand away.

"Very well. But I'll be back in a little while to help you back out," she warned me and in a
sharp breeze, disappeared.

I slid down until I was completely submerged in the clear water, and gazed listlessly up
above.

The warm bath water was soothing against my grimy skin. I closed my eyes and imagined I
was merely bathing in the Cullen household after a particularly long day, ready to crawl into
Edward's bed and sleep away the weariness. It was a nice fantasy.
Too soon, I ran out of breath, chest burning and heart hammering against my ribcage.
Reluctantly, I pushed myself up.

I hissed in pain as something abruptly moved inside me, bruising my ribs.

"Knock that off, you little monsters," I said sharply, trying to adjust myself into a more
comfortable position. "You're hurting me."

To my shock, the movement ceased, and I was able to breathe easier.

"Thanks," I sighed, picking up the bottle of shampoo near me, pouring a generous amount
onto my palm. "If you two keep moving like that, you're bound to shatter my pelvis."

A small nudge caused the skin of my belly to briefly distort.

"You can understand me, huh?" I hummed as I lathered my hair. "That's freaky as hell."

Unexpectedly, I was able to bathe in peace after that. The little monsters were obedient
enough to cause me no further trouble.

For a brief moment, I pretended they'd been created by my own free will.


In the days that followed, I kept a watchful eye on Serena. Maybe it was too late; maybe she
had consumed all three of the drugged blood bags during my forced intubation. But maybe
she hadn't.

So, when she heated up a cup of blood intended for herself, I watched. And I waited.

I situated myself directly behind her, sitting on the couch while she drank and flipped through
one of her many textbooks at her desk, making notes along the margins, occasionally
murmuring quietly to herself.

The change was gradual.

Over time, the speed at which she read slowed considerably until she was pausing on single
pages for far longer than was normal. Serena rubbed at her eyes and drank more blood, trying
to keep herself awake.

When she suddenly lowered and rested her head atop the glossy pages of her textbook, I
froze.

The seconds dragged by, turning into minutes. My heart fluttered in my chest and pounded
against my ears.

I stood on shaking legs and slowly approached her, but she didn't make a single move.

That was when I struck.
Crouching down, I buried my hand into the pocket of her hoodie. I nearly cried right then, as
my fingers curled around a small cellphone. I pulled it out, stumbling away from Serena's
slumped form, and flipped open the phone.

My fingers shook badly as I dialed Edward's number.

"Hello?"

"Edward, I'm in California―"

And then, the phone was flying out of my hand, striking the wall and shattering to pieces.

"What have you done to me?" Serena hissed, struggling to stay upright, eyes bleary.

"You've given me no other choice," I said flatly, cradling my now throbbing hand to my
chest.

Edward knew where I was now. That was all that mattered.

"This ends…now," Serena suddenly spat.

Even drugged, her strength was incomparable.

She knocked me down, my head and spine colliding against the floorboards with a sharp
crack. My vision grayed out, blinding pain radiating across my body in hot waves. I couldn't
breathe, couldn't see, agony shooting through me, consuming me.

"I shouldn't be this kind," I heard somewhere in the distance. "Luckily for you, I already had
this prepared."

Once more, the cold metal of a needle pierced the skin of my arm.

My eyes shot open. (When had I closed them?)

Serena hovered precariously above me, a snarl on her lips.

Gradually, the pain across my body began to numb and my limbs grew heavier than concrete.
But the drugs refused to pull me completely under.

I could do nothing but lay helpless, watching in horror as Serena lifted my shirt with a
quivering hand, dropping her face to my rounded belly, baring a perfect set of gleaming white
teeth.

The wet sound of flesh ripping apart engulfed my ears. My mouth widened in a silent scream.

My body broke open before me, a bright, bloodied sight of torn skin, fat, and muscle, fluids
gushing everywhere. And still, Serena continued, a gruesome sight, mouth coated in blood as
she continued to slice me open with razor sharp teeth.

Soon, she hit the amniotic sac, and with one last sickening tear, severed it open.
For a moment, Serena struggled to straighten up, but when she did, she reached down,
digging through my insides, pushing organs aside, until she scooped out a pair of newborns. I
watched in revulsion as she chewed through each of the umbilical cords and snapped them
off.

Babies secured, Serena turned away, unsteadily rising to her feet and stumbling away,
vanishing into the bedroom.

I remained a broken body, bleeding out, the frail hope I once held dying swiftly, like the final
wavering flicker of a candle flame. But still, my lungs expanded and shrunk, again and again,
air scraping through my paralyzed body, as though there were any hope left to live.

When Serena returned, she was empty-handed, her face still streaked with my blood and
bodily fluids. She reached down with trembling hands and picked me up, gripping me tightly
in her arms.

I tried to speak. I tried to scream. But I couldn't make a sound.

"They're perfect," Serena gasped, blinking heavily as she carried me across the cabin,
movements erratic. "Obviously, I will call the girl Isabella. But the boy, I haven't yet
decided."

I tried to move, to push her away, but I remained a limp doll.

This couldn't be it. This couldn't be the end.

And then, we were outside.

Above me, the skies glowed violet, clouds a pale, fiery pink as twilight consumed the last
rays of sunlight.

Serena's green eyes remained unfocused, lids drooping, her hold around me loosening―

―my heart leaped, breath stolen from me as I fell.

Splash!

The frigid temperature shocked me into momentary awareness, long enough for me to
recognize that this was it; this was truly the end. Alice had been wrong.

The cold, heavy waters dragged me down into a vast and lonely void. My sight blurred and
darkness stretched over me, until the light vanished forever.
               Chapter 56: Echoes of Howls and Gnashing Teeth
Chapter Notes



       Content Warning: Body horror.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   Darkness hovers―soothing, painless.

   I draw nearer to its cool embrace.

   Cold envelopes me.

   The more I drift, the colder it gets, the less pain I feel. I succumb, thoughts slowing,
   dimming, until my mind grows nearly silent.

   .

   .

   .

   But then, death begins to gently slip through my numb fingers.

   .

   .

   .

   My mind resurrects, synapses reconnecting, electricity reigniting, rapid fire signals alighting
   in short bursts of motion.

   ("You could not last longer than three months?")

   Azmon?

   A sudden chill cuts through the memories of the familiar voice, consuming it, blotting it out.

   .

   .

   .
And then, something…hot―a fire―ignites.

It lights up within the hollow of my chest, warm and golden, flickering…curling…
reaching―

―flames explode and lash outward; a violent combustion that cleaves open my soul.

The fire grows brighter and stronger, heat blasting like a furnace on the verge of eruption,
piercing my veins and blazing out across every limb. It scorches every muscle, burns through
every tendon, and sears each bone, until it devours my arms, my legs, my face.

I'm a supernova―white-hot and ancient, ready to collapse.

But I don't erupt. Instead, every nerve ending screams, broiling fire shooting through me like
raw bolts of lightning, red-hot knives slicing me apart and roasting me from the inside out.

I lurch desperately, trying to grab onto something, anything, to escape the flames, but I'm
immovable.

―pleaseno―

The fire rages and swelters, until everything inside of me bubbles over like hot oil.

I'm melting, dissolving inside a vat of acid―skin blistering, bursting and bleeding raw, blood
vessels secreting magma like red-hot pus, bone marrow liquefying, brimstone flooding my
nostrils, lava pooling at the back of my throat.

Breathing is agony.

―makeitstopsomeonepleaseanyone―

Layers of skin melt into layers of tissue melt into layers of fat.

Blood and water and mucus boil and convulse, trapped inside of me. Volcanic ash replaces
the air inside the walls of my lungs.

I choke.

―helpme―

I want to cough up the scalding fire. I want to scream and beg for mercy. I want to die.

But the fire has already dissolved my vocal cords and cauterized my lips shut; melted my
teeth and liquefied my tongue.

I am unable to make a sound.

―Ican'tdothisIcan'tIcan't―

I am no longer human. I am something molten, something foul.
The vicious heat presses and bears down, rending flesh from bone, until it inhales the last of
my pitch black corpse.

I am only worth as much as the fire can consume from me.

―I'lldoANYTHINGanything―

I am a charred husk.

There is nothing left of me but ashes and black bones.

I am cinder and charcoal.

I am nothing.

But somehow, the fire continues to blaze, choking air, burning up nothing and everything.

―damnyouDAMNYOUALL―

It's at the center of my burning dust that I discover the beat of my heart.

It thumps relentlessly in the midst of my decay, wet and lurching, sending forth wave after
wave of boiling blood.

I want to rip it out.

I want to tear every one of its fire-filled arteries out from inside of my blackened cadaver.

I want to scream, but my mouth remains detached from the rest of me.

―letmescreamIneedtoSCREAM―

The charred residue of gray matter writhes in pain and spirals into madness.

What's left of my carcass refuses to thrash in anguish. It lies eerily still, every limb petrified,
even as the hellish flames continue to gnaw and chew and mangle.

The fire flays me down to my bones, flays me down to my soul, flays me down to a single
scream of torment.

Not even insanity can quench the agony.

―killmekillmepleaseGodpleasekillme―

It isn't until my skeleton begins to rearrange itself that I realize I'm more than just ashes and a
flaming heart.

Bones began to unhinge and snap in wet flicks.

My ribcage readjusts with sickening cracks.
My spine breaks, and clicks, and breaks again as it reforms itself piece by harrowing piece.

My pelvis gathers its splintered pieces and melts back together.

―justletmediepleaseLETMEDIE―

Every deranged thought lurches and plummets into incoherent mumbling.

Nonsense.

Delirium.

Rage.

―fuckwhatkillfirenothing―

Liquid iron reforms each limb, each muscle, each tendon.

―youDAMNwillGodIstop―

Sinew knits itself together.

―diediedie―

The flames reel violently and I hear someone scream, a clang of steel scraping against steel; a
tormented sound.

―STOP―

They scream again.

And then again. A harsh ring that reverberates in my ears.

―please―

Was that me?

―KILLsomeonefuck―

Soothing voices chime like bells, in tandem with shrieks of screeching metal.

I ignore them.

Nothing is real to me.

Nothing but the fire.

―Godnowhy―

I am a molten and twisted pool of blackened flesh and bone. Unrecognizable. Until―
―I sharply began to perceive each individual, agonizing flame―a hot poker stabbing every
last cell in my body, piercing the solid beds of my fingernails, the thin skin of my eyelids, the
fleshy roof of my mouth.

There is no escape.

―damnyou―

The screams reach a new octave, clangorous and earsplitting; nails on chalkboard.

―thisisn'tpleasehelp―

Time means nothing.

And yet, I am viscerally aware of it.

―please―

Aware of each prolonged second in which the furnace devours me so wholly, I cannot
understand how there is anything left of me.

―Ican't―

Again.

And again.

And again.

With every lash, I am driven further into madness.

―killme―

And when the flames begin to recede, my mind cannot comprehend it. Cannot fathom the
sudden numbness in my fingertips. Cannot untangle it from every other rabid thought.

―burnyoufucking―

And then, the fire shreds its way up my throat, razing its every cell to dry ash, the flesh
blistering and tearing under the coercive flames, shriveling and withering as I go mad with
thirst.

―deaddeathhell―

That's when the beat of my heart becomes a desperate thing in my chest cavity, fluttering like
a mad bird, furious, urgent.

The fire recedes from my limbs and pools like magma inside of my ribcage.

―firefuckingletGod―
  My chest burns hotter and hotter, unrestrained fire ravaging my throat, until it quivers above
  the precipice of an implosion.

  ―burninghotterHOTTER―

  And with one last violent lurch, my heart jerks to a stop.



Chapter End Notes



    Hope y'all liked my take on the vampire transformation! As always, comments are loved
    and appreciated! :)

    And thank you to Raviyoli for all your help! :)
                                       Chapter 57: Who Are You?
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The abrupt silence rang in my ears and an eerie stillness ensued.

   The second fire was lesser, but nearly as excruciating. It localized across the length of my
   esophagus, tattering the vulnerable muscle into raw strips of bleeding flesh; tissue dried up
   and flaring red-hot with agony. And in the grim absence of a heartbeat, my ears were flooded
   with the sounds of the world around me―rain gently pattering against the roof, winds
   howling and branches shuddering, a distant fluttering of something, and even further out, the
   roar of car engines fading in and out of focus.

   When I opened my eyes, I was met with an endless expanse of blue. Even under the dim light
   of an overcast sky, every detail was so vivid. I could make out the fine width of every last
   thread, feel the smoothness of fabric clenched between my fingers, taste the scent of cotton
   on my tongue.

   And as my eyes climbed up, I realized I was in somebody's arms.

   "Isabella?"

   A beautiful voice chimed in my ears, a divine melody.

   It perfectly matched the exquisite face of the being who held me. I counted the hundreds of
   thick lashes lowered over dark, molten irises; admired the expanse of smooth, luminous skin;
   cataloged the fine hairs that made up flawless eyebrows drawn tight with worry; marveled
   over the millions of shades of red I could distinguish in the gleaming strands of hair tumbling
   over his forehead.

   The lovely curve of his lips moved again. "It's me. It's Edward."

   "Oh." The sound was a small, tinny echo; a voice I didn't recognize; a ring that perfectly
   masked the abrasive pain searing brutally across my throat.

   But I remembered him. I remembered Edward.

   My mind, spacious and quick, registered every sense that had once been imperceptible to me.
   I was no longer human; the hellish fire made that abundantly clear. But memories eluded me,
   like trying to grasp water. They seeped through my fingers before I could make much sense
   of them.

   Edward, though, inspired feelings of warmth and love. The sight of his face alone made me
   inexplicably happy. I knew without a shadow of doubt that I could trust him.

   "How are you feeling?"
Thirsty, was my helpless thought. Despite Edward's presence and the sweet scents that
flooded my nostrils; despite the individual raindrops and the rustling of vegetation that
drummed in my ears; despite every microscopic detail my senses could distinguish, the most
powerful presence of all was the unquenchable fire that scorched and maimed.

Every breath raked down my cracked trachea and uselessly expanded my lungs.

"It hurts," I said, lifting a palm and pressing it against the hollow of my throat as though to
quell the scalding pain. I was both shocked to see the polished white of my skin instead of
something black and charred, and alarmed by the metallic ringing that replaced my voice.

"You need to hunt."

Yes.

My body responded as though it were weightless. In one fluid motion, I launched myself to
my feet, escaping his loose grasp and standing beside a lovely bed of twisting wrought iron
and silken gray sheets. I didn't have to think about it; it was instantaneous.

That's when I saw them. They stood at the other end of the room, blocking the doorway with
a menacing air. One was enormous and the other one―

Violent, jagged lines disfigured his neck, jawline, and forearms, where teeth had pierced,
torn, and mangled. Again and again and again. But every piece of granite flesh was restored,
sealed back together like a cadaverous jigsaw puzzle; a Frankenstein.

I flew back against the wall of glass and dropped into a crouch. The defensive feeling was
strange.

There was no spike of adrenaline, no blood rushing in my ears, no pounding of a heart
against my ribcage, merely a vacant silence and a primal instinct; a deep certainty that the
men before me were dangerous.

I curled my lips and snarled.

"Easy, Isabella," Edward cautioned me, slowly rising to his feet and stepping in between us,
foolishly putting his back to them. But then, he raised his hands towards me, palms open in
surrender, as though I were the danger that needed to be warded off. "It's just Emmett and
Jasper."

The names meant something to me, but I failed to grasp their significance.

"Who?" The demand was a sharp hiss.

Edward's expression startled and then darkened, handsome features carved from stone.

"You don't…remember us?" he asked, hands abruptly dropping to his side. He could not fully
disguise the pain in his voice.

If my heart could, it would've lurched. Instead, I was left with a strange ache in my chest.
"I don't know," I confessed. "I'm trying to."

But it was difficult to concentrate. Everything was so distracting. And the caustic flames,
intolerable.

"Then let's introduce ourselves!" the herculean vampire boomed with a sharp-toothed grin.

I growled, muscles tensing like tightly coiled springs, ready to pounce, but to my
aggravation, he hardly appeared threatened.

"I knew you'd be feisty," he snickered and then gestured towards himself. "I'm offended you
don't remember me though. I'm your big brother, Emmett."

His words brought me up short. I was so stunned, that for a moment I forgot to be irritated
with him.

"My brother…?"

"Yep," he beamed, and then casually threw an arm around the monstrous creature at his side.
"And this is Jazzy, your bestest friend ever."

I stared, nonplussed. "Jazzy?"

"It's Jasper," the mutilated vampire corrected blandly, guarded eyes still watching me closely.

"I want to go next!" a high voice trilled from somewhere behind them.

I crouched further back, glass now pressing against my skin. There were more of them. I was
far outnumbered.

"Is this a good idea?" Edward asked, directed at no one in particular, gaze cast aside. "She
needs to hunt."

The blistering agony blazed even hotter and I winced.

"I agree," Jasper said. "Take her. I'll be with you shortly."

My eyes narrowed. "I hardly think I need a whole entourage," I bit out scathingly.

"I guess you hadn't noticed," Emmett butted in again, far too cheerful. "You're a second away
from tearing somebody's head off, Iz. We're responsible for you, meaning we can't let you
accidentally slaughter the whole town."

I snarled at him.

"See? You're just proving my point!"

"Cut it out," Jasper snapped. "Quit antagonizing her, Em."

"Sorry, sorry," Emmett said, though his wide, dimpled grin could hardly be construed as
apologetic.
Edward carefully walked around me with slow, graceful steps, telegraphing his every move,
and unlatched the pane of glass beside me, pushing it open.

The fragrant perfumes of fresh rain, rich cedar, and wet soil gusted into the room.

"Isabella," he said, extending his hand down towards me. "Let's hunt."

To my bewilderment, Edward no longer appeared uneasy. He smiled boyishly, patiently
awaiting my response, every sharp line of his lithe body relaxed, hand unwavering. I gazed
up into his eyes, colors of melting honey that were both familiar and deeply comforting.

I knew in that moment―I would follow him anywhere.

I flew up, instantaneously straightening out of my crouch, and reached out, placing my palm
against his―

―words exploded across my vision.

I stared, wide-eyed, as a wave of shock rippled through me, keeping me frozen in place.

"Isabella? Is something wrong?"

But I couldn't answer him. I didn't know how; couldn't articulate the words swirling around
him like gales of wind, rising and falling and collapsing completely, to be replaced by new
words. Words that curled into sentences, amalgamated into paragraphs, unfurled into an
entire chronicle, until I knew Edward far better than I knew myself.

For a split second, even the fire ceased to matter.

"You love me." It wasn't a question, but a statement of fact.

Edward's expression softened and his honeyed eyes glowed with wonder. Slowly, he raised
my hand to his lips and pressed a gentle kiss against the curve of my palm. "I do."

Inexplicably, I felt like I could cry. Raw, unfiltered emotions swelled and crested, magnified
to staggering heights, beyond anything I could've ever hoped to once feel.

But the tears never came.

I pulled my hand away, the motion far too abrupt, forcefully shattering the tenderness of the
moment.

"I…need to cover my hands," I said, drawing them close to my chest, fingers curling into
fists, as though it would disguise the power they now wielded.

I was positive that I hadn't been able to do that before, but Edward's knowledge of me said
differently; told me that I had always done this, always known things no one else knew.

"Here!"
It was the same chiming voice from earlier. A tiny, fairy-like girl pushed past Emmett and
Jasper, skipping merrily into the room and holding up a pair of dainty gloves.

Jasper shadowed her footsteps, eyes locked onto me. I tensed and glared at the potential
threat, but this time I didn't fall back, or even hiss in warning. Now, I knew him as Edward
knew him. In the same vein, I recognized the small girl as Edward's Alice; his best friend.

"May I?" she requested.

I broke off my staredown with Jasper as she gestured towards my fisted hands. Knowing I
could trust her, I shoved my hands forward in another split-second motion.

Alice gently took them one at a time, slipping a glove over each. The material was a light
beige synthetic leather that stretched thinly over my diamond skin and secured snugly around
my wrists.

"You might tear them anyway, but don't worry. I have more," she assured me with a bright,
sparkling grin.

I relaxed the tiniest bit. "Thank you, Alice."

"You're kidding me," Emmett huffed, crossing his arms over his broad chest and shooting me
an unimpressed look. "You remember her, but not us?"

Alice turned and stuck her tongue out at him. "Maybe I'm just more memorable than you!"

"Children, enough," a different voice softly admonished.

I stiffened.

But when I looked past Emmett, I was met with a warm pair of golden eyes. And I knew then
he was not an enemy, but another one of Edward's beloved people.

"Carlisle," I said.

"It is good to see you are well, Isabella," he greeted me, more affectionately than I'd
anticipated.

"Seriously? You remember him too?" Emmett grumbled.

I wanted to explain everything to them, about the words, about the story I'd read that did not
belong to me, but belonged to Edward. But razor sharp metal dragged across my throat in
fiery trails, a torturous demand for blood.

I swiveled my gaze back towards Edward and at once, he read the unbearable anguish I could
not put into words. He reclaimed his hold around my now gloved hand, and then, we were
flying.

It was as though the world around me was moving in slow motion. I could see everything.
From the individual raindrops, to the face of a lone leaf a mile away, to the distinct feathers
of a bird perched on a branch, to the single row of ants marching steadily across the craggy
surface of a tree. Everything was so clear and pristine, as though I were truly seeing for the
first time.

We landed lightly on the thick grass below and darted across the field, before launching
ourselves over the width of a roaring river and vanishing into the thick maze of the forest.

(There was something deep-rooted inside of me, an instinct almost, that warned me not to
touch the water.)

The woodland was no match for my newfound strength. Running and scaling the uneven turf
was simple, the earth around me a fragile entity of soft branches, brittle roots, and flimsy
vegetation.

My lungs expanded and compressed rapidly, automatically seeking out the thing I craved
most. Unfortunately, due to Edward's knowledge now swimming in my spacious mind, I
knew what needed to be done. The sweet, ambrosic blood of humankind was barred from me.
I was not allowed to touch it, let alone taste it. Animal blood was the only, sickening
compromise.

But every breath scraped down my throat in acidic agony and brought me closer to the
insanity that had chewed through my mind in the midst of the raging fire. I would do
anything to quench the raw thirst, to smother the violent flames.

So, I listened, breathed sharply, and searched, ignoring every small critter that hid in fear at
our passing, their quickening heartbeats a mere, pathetic flutter. They weren't large enough,
their blood hardly registering as anything but a tiny, repulsive drop, no more appetizing than
the branches I batted aside.

And then I heard it―the large, wet thumping of a heavy heartbeat and the rhythmic rush of
pumping blood. Venom gathered on my tongue, coated my teeth, and dripped from the roof
of my mouth, as a bloodthirsty haze settled over my mind.

I ripped my hand out of Edward's hold and twisted around, shooting like a comet through the
dark green labyrinth. I catapulted over a ditch, landing on the thick bough of a spruce, and
launched myself from branch to branch, until I spotted the gleaming gold fur of an enormous
mountain lion prowling the forest floor.

In the next instant, my body collided against the thickly muscled creature and my teeth ripped
apart fur, hide, and sinew, until its sweet earthy blood flooded my mouth and coated my
esophagus. It roared thunderously, struggling futilely in my arms.

Meanwhile, I gulped mouthful after mouthful without taking a breath, the hot blood taking
the edge off of the acrid fire that torched my throat, until it muted to a gentle burn. It settled
heavy and warm in my stomach. It made it easier to think, easier to focus.

"Better?"

I shoved aside the drained carcass and flew to my feet.
"A little," I responded to Edward, using the long sleeve of my shirt, wet from the light rain, to
wipe away the blood dripping across my lips and jaw. "I'm still thirsty," I admitted, throat dry
and aching. But my mind was clearer now, my body energized, flushed with fresh blood.

Edward sat high above me, along the length of a branch, leaning forward and watching me
with a tender gaze, damp hair sticking against his forehead. "You're young," he said. "It won't
always feel this intense."

That was difficult to imagine.

Again I turned, listened, but flew west this time. A part of my mind noted Edward following
behind me at a distance.

In a single glance I registered the various deer walking leisurely along the edge of a creek. I
dropped in and grabbed one, ignoring its struggles and fleeing brethren.

This time, I mercifully snapped the neck of the creature before sinking my teeth, cutting
through its skin like butter. The bitter, mossy blood gushed into my mouth and I instantly
dropped the dead animal, spitting out its blood.

"That is vile."

"You get used to it."

I turned and glared up at Edward, where he sat on the tip of a rock outcropping this time,
watching me from across the gurgling creek.

But he became the least of my worries when I heard someone else, their steps moving so
swiftly over the terrain, it could only be another one of our kind.

"It's just Jasper," Edward assured me, as I prepared to sink into a crouch.

"What is he doing?" I asked tersely, turning to face the direction he was approaching from.

"He's securing the area," Edward said, though that hardly explained anything.

In the next instant, Jasper appeared at the edge of the tree line. It was easier to see his ravaged
face the second time. Though I didn't immediately fall back into a defensive stance, I
remained cautious.

"Watch the trails on the southeast end," Jasper warned. He eyed the corpse of the deer,
bleeding sluggish across the pebbled creek. "Not a fan of deer, I take it?"

"What's on the southeastern trails?" I demanded.

Jasper and Edward exchanged a loaded glance and I quickly caught on.

Humans.

I hissed in annoyance. "I think I'm done."
"No," Edward disagreed. "You're still thirsty. I know it's unappetizing, but finish the deer.
You'll feel better."

My esophagus flared dryly and I gritted my teeth, but did as told.

At least this time, I was prepared for the grass-like flavor. I sucked and drank the still hot
blood, ignoring its repulsive taste and realizing it didn't matter. It soothed the burning in my
throat regardless.

"How was it?"

I sneered, dropping the carcass, until I realized Jasper's question wasn't directed at me.

"It was remarkable," Edward was saying. "Hunting animals isn't immediately instinctive for
us, but she needed no instruction. She was a natural."

"Hardly," I scoffed, as I wiped my face clean. "I'm aware that animal blood isn't our kind's
conventional diet. It is for us though. That much I knew."

Jasper and Edward exchanged another look.

"How is your gift of knowing manifesting?" Jasper asked. "You refused to talk about it in
detail before, but is it any different now?"

"Couldn't tell you. I don't remember much of anything from before," I admitted with a shrug.
"But when I touched Edward…I knew everything about him."

Edward leaned forward with a curious expression. "You read my thoughts?"

"No, nothing so invasive," I said, touching the edge of my blood-streaked gloves. "But I saw
you; your life up until this point."

I glanced back at Jasper and recalled Edward's irrational jealousy towards him. This
dangerous man was meant to be my best friend, but after my callous behavior, I imagined he
didn't like me so much.

"That's incredible," Edward said softly, not appearing at all bothered by the breach of privacy,
merely looking at me in wonder. Something rigid inside of me softened under the weight of
his gaze.

"It's undoubtedly curious," Jasper agreed more mildly. "How's your thirst?"

I grew dour at the reminder. "It still burns," I admitted sourly, "but I don't think I can drink
any more blood."

I was absolutely glutted, my insides practically sloshing.

"The intensity of the pain will lessen in time," Jasper said. "For now, you'll have to hunt a tad
more frequently than the rest of us."
"Sure, whatever," I grumbled and glanced down at my worn state. The ends of my long hair
were tangled and wet, my jeans had been slashed through by the swipe of sharp branches that
were but feathers against my skin, and the fabric of my shirt was thoroughly soiled with a
mixture of loam, rainwater, and blood. "I need a change of clothes."

Jasper's expression relaxed and his mouth stretched into the first grin I'd seen from him. It
emphasized the brutal scars along his jaw. "Alice can help with that."

"Come on," Edward said, dropping from his perch on the rock and landing on the other side
of the creek. "Let's go home."

At once, we simultaneously launched ourselves through the twisting forest, Edward and
Jasper on either side of me. My first instinct was to break away from the formation, to flee
from them before they could box me in. But my thoughts were clearer this time and I knew
that I trusted them. So, I smothered the instinct and allowed my eyes to wander instead.

It was still bewildering. Every color was intensely bright and the amount of minute detail my
eyes could see was inconceivable. Even speeding through the forest as we were, I could
discern the smallest of features, from the unique patterns of a singular wildflower petal to the
number of raindrops gathered across a lone tree leaf.

I was so mesmerized by it all that when we arced over the river, I was almost disappointed.

As we began approaching the soaring white mansion, I unintendedly slowed my steps, until I
came to an abrupt stop.

Edward and Jasper turned to me.

"Isabella?"

This time, I recognized the fluttering sounds I'd heard when I first came to awareness. A pair
of heartbeats pulsated, quicker than anything I'd yet heard, but unmistakably human.

And Edward's sparse knowledge made more sense. A pair of children resided in the mansion,
cared for by Rosalie. He had not seen them for himself, far too focused on me―on ensuring I
was alive when he found my discarded body alone and cold on the forest ground, on pumping
my heart with venom through the stab of a needle, on making sure I lived long enough to
endure the brutal fire, on holding me as I screamed and begged for mercy.

But I knew, as intimately as I knew the flames of my torment, that those children were mine.

"Where's Alice?" I asked.

Edward seemingly relaxed at my inane question, though Jasper still appeared concerned.

"Up here, Isabella!" Alice cheerfully called, popping into view from the third story balcony
and waving down at me.

"I'll see you later?" I asked Edward.
There was still so much I didn't know about us. But another thing I understood: I loved
Edward. And though I didn't exactly remember what that was like, I desperately wanted to.

"Of course," he assured me sweetly.

I nodded sharply and leapt upward, landing beside Alice with a quiet thud of my feet.

"Isabella, you're a mess," she huffed and whirled around. "Follow me."

It took me a few seconds to match her stride as I followed her inside the house. It was so…
slow. It felt absurd to limit my pace to such an intense degree. Was this really the extent of
normal human speed?

Alice lead me down the hall and into a luxurious bathroom.

"I've already run a bath for you," she said, indicating the porcelain tub. "Get in. I'll be back in
a sec!"

"That's not necessary," I muttered, but she simply skipped off, shutting the door behind her
with a quiet click.

I scowled and turned―

―I flew back, pulling my lips back to bare my teeth at the dangerous creature before me, a
roar building in my chest, until I realized―

I was gazing at my reflection.

I straightened up and stared in morbid curiosity. I was a ghastly sight―hair, a wet gnarled
mess of knots, dirt, and leaves; blood smeared across my face and spilled down my
bedraggled clothes; brilliant red eyes narrowed viciously.

I'd known that I was no longer human. From burning on the pyre, to the unbearable thirst, to
the supernatural strength and abilities that rendered the world around me a frail existence, it
was a simple matter of fact. My alien appearance was merely the final nail in the coffin.

Still, it was unnerving.

I turned and went to remove my clothes, but simple gestures that I knew from before were far
too violent now. The attempt to lift my shirt resulted in the sharp tearing of fabric, and I
ended up peeling the sullied material from my skin in tatters. The jeans, shoes, gloves, and
underclothes fared no better, but I figured they would've been tossed out regardless of
whether or not I could keep them intact.

All too aware of the raw strength I possessed, I cautiously stepped inside the bathtub and sat
down. Around me, rivulets of red and brown tainted the soapy water.

I listened to Alice's approach, a rustling of fabric and rhythmic steps clicking lightly against
the floor. She tapped on the door, needlessly announcing her presence, and stepped inside
before shutting the door again.
She eyed the pile of ruined clothes with pity. "Don't worry, Isabella," she assured me as she
moved to set a new change of clothes on the counter. "You'll soon learn how to control the
strength of your grip."

"I'd like that," I sighed.

Alice approached me and lowered herself to my eye-level, kneeling daintily beside the
bathtub and gesturing towards my hair. "May I? I promise I'll stay within your line of sight."

I frowned. "Why can't I wash my own hair?"

"As a precaution," Alice said, undeterred. "It's beyond tangled and I'd hate for you to
accidentally rip out any strands."

"I wouldn't rip out my own hair!" I hissed.

"Not intentionally, I'm sure," she said, trying to placate me. "But you still don't know your
own strength."

I glared and bit out, "Fine."

"Oh, thank you!" Alice squealed and whipped out a wide-tooth metal comb out of her dress
pocket. "Let's see now…"

Alice hummed happily as she parted my hair and began to gently brush the ends, picking out
twigs and leaves as necessary. At first, she remained in my line of sight, where I could see
what she was doing.

"Ah, there are some knots towards the back of your scalp that I can't reach from this angle,"
she said with a pout. "Do you mind if I…?"

"Go ahead," I grumbled, mildly annoyed, but more at ease in her presence. She was Edward's
best friend and my sister. I could trust her.

Still, I tensed when she kneeled at my back, her hands dangerously close to my neck.

"Just a few here and here," she chatted, working delicately through the lower roots of my
hair. "And…done!"

Alice reappeared at my side and my shoulders dropped from their tense line.

"Okay, we can shampoo it now!"

I felt no embarrassment as Alice assisted me, helping me cleanse my hair and body of all
grime. It felt familiar somehow.

"Have we done this before?" I asked, as she gently wiped the blood staining my face with a
washcloth.

"Hm? No, not with me," she said, expression softening. "You might be thinking of Rosalie."
Somehow, I knew it to be true.

I remembered cold hands wiping my face and gently running over my hair, a comforting
voice―the love of a sister.

Finally, Alice took my wrists, carefully avoiding my palms, and drew me to my feet, helping
me towel off before I stepped out of the drained bath.

"I'm going to help you get dressed," Alice said, guiding me to stand beside the shining marble
counters where a set of clothes were neatly folded. "But trust me, you'll get the hang of it
quickly."

"Sure," I said resignedly, allowing her to maneuver me this way and that, until I was dressed
in a long-sleeved, seafoam green blouse tucked into a loose pair of stylish jeans, low platform
heels, and a new set of thin white gloves pulled over my hands.

"Can I style your hair?" Alice practically begged, eyes big.

My single, jerky nod earned me another squeal.

"Thank you!" she cheered and gestured for me to sit on the stool near the counter.

I sat with care, trying not to break anything, and gazed at my reflection for the second time.
This time, I appeared less monstrous despite the angry shade of my eyes. My face was
colorless and scarily symmetrical, in a way that was meant to be beautifying but was more
eerie than anything else. And my damp hair was clean, the color a deep shade of mahogany

I remained a motionless statue, face impassive, as Alice gently combed the thick, heavy
strands, humming softly to herself. "Any preferences?"

"Not really," I said.

Alice flashed me a smile through the mirror, before returning her attention to the top of my
head, using her nimble fingers to deftly section my hair. In mere minutes, she braided
different sections along my scalp, and then gathered them all together to tie it into a neat
ponytail.

"What do you think?" she sang.

"I like it," I smiled, and was momentarily stunned by the alluring effect it created, my face
suddenly becoming a lovely and pleasant picture. "It's very pretty. Thank you."

Alice beamed. "You're welcome!"

"Is this something we've done before?" I was sure of the answer before she said it.

"Oh yes," she chirped, tugging a few chunks of strands to tighten the ponytail. "But not
enough times in my opinion, so let's change that, yeah?"

"Maybe," I allowed, still smiling.
"You say that now," she huffed. "Now come on. Edward has a gift for you!"

I flew to my feet, following her out of the bathroom and down the hall. The slow pace was
uncomfortable, but easier this time. Learning wasn't difficult, but the practice, irritating.

We entered the same room I'd woken up in, the thud of my heels muting as I stepped onto the
thick carpet. I instantly felt at ease. I knew I'd been here before, though the memories were
dim. It was all the same―the tall shelves crammed with stacks of CDs, books, and a stereo
system, the soaring, glass walls framed by heavy fabric, and the pretty, wrought iron bed at
the other end.

Edward turned from where he stood by the wall-sized windows, and met my eyes, smiling a
charming, crooked grin. For an infinite moment, I grew dazed, hardly registering Alice
turning and skipping away.

"Isabella," he murmured, striding across the room far too slowly, until he stood before me, a
hand held out. "Come in."

I instantaneously pressed a gloved hand against his palm, and he tenderly wrapped his long
fingers around mine, languidly guiding me inside. He pulled me in the direction of his
shelves, and then I lowered myself along with him, until we were sitting on the floor.

Edward turned and withdrew a stack of journals and notebooks from the bottommost shelf.

"These belong to you," he said, setting the stack before my crossed legs.

I gazed at them uncomprehendingly, an elusive memory brushing the edges of my mind.

"They're your memories," Edward added gently. "You entrusted them to me, before…
everything."

"Oh." As of now, I only knew his memories. But his words matched with them.

"I don't know what you wrote in these, but I believe they will answer some of your
questions," he continued. "The pages are fragile, so take care."

"I will," I said, and locked eyes with him. "Thank you."

"Of course. I'll afford you some privacy."

With that, Edward stood and vanished from the room.

Using the utmost caution, I picked up the first notebook and opened it. Once I started, I
couldn't stop. With careful flicks of my fingertips, I flipped page after page, picking up the
following journals in quick succession. In minutes, I had read every messily scribbled word.

It was like unearthing memories straight out of a forgotten dream―everything was shrouded
in darkness. It hardly felt real.
  But…I remembered. With weak, human eyes, I could dimly recall my first life with my
  brother, my death, my strange appearance in a storybook, Azmon, Edward and the Cullens,
  Charlie, my friends at school, and Leah.

  And the memories I hadn't written about after I'd been taken by Serena, were even harder to
  remember. But all the same, they lurked somewhere in the crevices of my mind, a horror
  waiting to be unveiled.

  I tensed, flitting to my feet and turning towards the open doorway when I heard a commotion
  down below.

  "This isn't a good idea," Edward was saying. "She's been a newborn for hardly a few hours."

  "I don't care," someone snapped, a sharp contrast from the metallic ringing of a vampiric
  voice. It sounded rough and grating against my ears. It sounded…human. The accompanied
  hammering of their pumping heart flooded my ears and venom gathered on my tongue. "I
  need to see her for myself."

  "Leah―"

  "Out of my way, you anemic bastard!"

  I remained a statue as the conflict welled inside of me. Leah was a friend, but I could barely
  think around the sudden stab of hunger, an acidic fire fiercely climbing up my throat―

  I nearly gagged when a revolting scent rushed up into my nostrils. It wasn't just animalistic,
  the blood itself was nauseating, even worse than that damn deer I'd forced myself to drink.
  My frayed nerves practically screamed in warning, a deep-seeded instinct that shrieked
  danger.

  And then she appeared before the open doorway, tall and imposing, hair shorn off to the edge
  of her chin.

  A savage snarl ripped through me, instantly shattering the strained silence.



Chapter End Notes



    Sorry to change the chapter count again, but I realized I don’t need an epilogue for this
    story, so there’s three chapters left after this one. And thank you to Raviyoli for your
    help :)

    Be sure to comment! <3
                           Chapter 58: Children of the Inbetween
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   For a single moment, instinct overrode logic.

   But a moment was all that was needed for me to pounce.

   I collided against the foul-smelling wolf-girl; solid, marble skin striking hot, unyielding flesh.
   She grappled with me, the momentum of our impact flinging us out into the hall and against
   the opposing wall. It collapsed like a house of cards around us in an explosion of plaster, steel
   panels, and wooden beams.

   Beyond the wreckage, the snarling she-wolf landed flat on her back, spine, skull, and
   muscled flesh smacking the floor in a thunderous crash, hardwood boards cracking and
   splintering beneath her.

   I bared my teeth, intending to rip into her throat, everything in me screaming to annihilate the
   threat―

   ―a pair of arms wrapped around me, cords of steel that imprisoned me and dragged me off
   of her.

   I shrieked in protest and flailed against their grip, bending down in an attempt to clamp my
   teeth around their already-mangled limbs, but their arms were too low, out of my reach.

   "Calm down."

   I inhaled sharply, the abhorrent stench flooding my airways and twisting through my lungs
   with a nauseating lurch. But there was no accompanying hysteria; there was no rage or fear or
   aggression in the face of danger. Instead, peace struck me like a sudden slap to the face, a
   violent blast that drove away every other emotion.

   I grew limp, staring down at Leah's collapsed form with only a vague sense of shock.

   "Leah, don't move," Carlisle instructed, kneeling beside her. Edward hovered at her other
   side, worry clear in his expression.

   "I'm fine," she said through gritted teeth.

   "Allow me to be the judge of that," Carlisle insisted, and with her consent proceeded to
   examine her.

   Dread and guilt rose as one, creeping through my chest. But it was not enough to pierce the
   vast calm that enveloped me. My limbs remained heavy, posture placid. Even altering my
   expression into something remorseful was far more difficult than anticipated, but it was the
   one thing I could do.
Not that it mattered. Leah didn't glance my way once.

When Carlisle concluded that she hadn't suffered a concussion or a spinal cord injury, he
permitted her to finally sit up.

"Must I say I told you so?" Edward sighed, grasping Leah's hand and gently pulling her to her
feet. Carlisle stood alongside them, eyes keenly watching Leah's every move.

"No need. Lesson learned," Leah griped, shaking white dust and chunks of plaster out of her
hair. Finally, she acknowledged me, face twisting into a fierce glower. "Fucking hell, Isabella.
You're twenty pounds of nightmare in a five pound corpse."

"Leah…I―"

"Save it," she snapped, nearly vibrating out of her skin. "This was clearly a mistake."

"No. Leah, wait." I didn't shout, though it was a near thing, but I did my best to impress my
desperation upon every word, struggling against the weight of emotional sedation.

"What?!" she demanded furiously, whirling back around to face me, hands fisted at her side.

"I'm sorry," I said slowly, with every ounce of sincerity I could muster.

She worked her jaw, teeth grinding harshly against each other. "Fine," she finally bit out. "I'll
come back when I feel less like ripping your face off."

Relief washed faintly against the calm. "Thank you."

"Water under the bridge, you homicidal popsicle," Leah said sharply, angrily stalking away.

"Isabella, are you alright?"

I swiveled my head back and caught the worried gazes of Carlisle and Edward now directed
at me.

"I feel sluggish," I admitted, the haze of tranquility preventing me from being able to
properly feel much else.

"I think that'll do, Jasper," Edward said, his eyes lifting towards my captor.

In the next instant, I nearly begged for the false sense of contentment to return. The guilt and
shame was a punch to the gut, a sickening feeling that brutally climbed alongside the fiery
ache in my throat like shattered glass.

I barely registered Jasper releasing his hold around me and stepping away.

"Isabella."

I looked up towards Edward. The thickening of venom across the surface of my eyes did
nothing to impair my flawless vision.
"It's okay."

Irritation shot through me and a growl rumbled in my chest. "Leah is my friend," I hissed.
"And I hurt her."

Edward no longer seemed concerned for Leah. "I'm aware," he said patiently. "But Leah is
the one at fault. We told her you needed time to learn to control yourself. Bursting in here
mere hours after your transformation was foolishness on her part."

Jasper hovered close, but made no move to restrict me, physically or emotionally.

"I don't care whose fault it was," I breathed. "It's not okay."

"Perhaps not," Carlisle agreed quietly, "but no one was critically injured. As a newborn
vampire, it's the best we can hope for."

Before I could argue with him, Jasper cut in, "We should get everything fixed up before Esme
returns home."

I grimaced and cast a look around. Fortunately, most of the third-floor library remained
intact, with only the exception of a few shattered floorboards and the busted wall.

"I'm sorry."

"No need to apologize, Iz!" Emmett called, appearing suddenly on the other side of the
demolished wall, a broom and dustpan in one hand and a trash bin in the other. "This was
more than expected."

"That's not very reassuring," I sighed and instantly regretted it, the air that whooshed through
my lungs still tasting of Leah's repulsive wolf odor. This time, I was able to ignore my
predatory instincts, choosing instead to focus on the destruction before me. "What can I do to
help?"

"It's probably best if you stay out of the way," Jasper said kindly. "You can sit over here."

"Yeah, watch and learn, Iz," Emmett said cheerfully. "Soon, you'll be fixing up your own
broken walls!"

Carlisle seemed less amused by Emmett's antics. "I'll go retrieve the saw," he said and
vanished in a gust of wind.

Edward pushed back the sofa near the broken floor until it was well out of the way, before
gesturing for me to take a seat.

Unwilling to cause any more damage, I did as told and gingerly sat at the edge of the cushion.
Edward sat on one side and Jasper leaned casually against the armrest at my other side.
Though they didn't crowd me too closely, it was clear they were keeping near enough to
intervene in case I lost control again.

"May I?" Edward requested, gesturing towards the top of my head.
"What is it?"

"Only a bit of plaster," he explained, reaching over with one hand and gently dislodging the
pieces out of my braids.

"Thanks," I mumbled.

Edward smiled at me sympathetically, but didn't bother to ask if I was okay again.
Considering the way I'd nearly snarled at him the first time he did, who could blame him?

I fisted my hands in my lap, the soft white fabric of my gloves now covered in dust.

My lack of control was utterly terrifying. Even with Leah's scent still triggering my feral
aggression, I couldn't help but think about the other times that I'd been on the verge of
attacking those meant to be my family. Who would I hurt next?

The question haunted my thoughts, understanding that it wasn't a matter of if, but when.

By now, Carlisle had returned and was using a circular saw to cut out the cracked
floorboards. Meanwhile, Emmett had cleared out all the debris, though there remained a thin
film of dust that couldn't totally be swept away. Edward and Jasper kept silent while I sat and
watched the others work. Emmett was right. It was only fair that I learned to clean up my
own messes.

Occasionally, they would disappear to fetch supplies they had in stock for incidents such as
these. And Emmett kept a running commentary, explaining to me everything he was doing
and why. It helped to shift my focus away from utter self-reproach, though not entirely.

With all the damage to the wall that Emmet was surprisingly meticulous about repairing, it
wasn't unexpected that Carlisle was finished long before him. By the time Emmett was
layering the restored wall with fresh plaster, night had fallen and the lights in the long room
had automatically flickered to life.

The glowing strands of filament inside each of the bulbs above me was mesmerizing. For a
while, I grew distracted, gazing up at the luminous gold light refracting across wires and
layers of glass, completely captivated.

When I heard a pair of footsteps approaching, I switched my gaze towards the open doorway
in a single flash. Heels clicked in perfect cadence, their stride significantly longer than
Alice's.

"It's just Rosalie," Edward warned me in a low, calm voice.

I acknowledged his words with a small glance in his direction, before returning a watchful
gaze towards the doorway. The girl who appeared was a vision. Whatever flimsy memories I
had of her did not hold a candle to the loveliness of her face or to the shining waves of spun
gold that framed it. Her red lips curled into a cautious, but stunning, smile. "Isabella, hello."

"Rosalie," I said.
"Are you feeling better?" she asked, approaching me with slow, deliberate steps. She held a
manila folder in one hand, tucked against her side.

I cast my eyes down, the morose feeling settling heavy in my heart. "As well as can be
expected," I sighed, air hissing through my airways, bringing me no relief. "I hope Leah
returns soon."

When she did, I would be prepared; whether I learned to control my emotions or Jasper
controlled them for me didn't matter. I needed to know what had changed. According to both
my journals and dim memories, Leah hadn't shifted. Not prior to my abduction. And
Edward's memories didn't reveal much to that end. He had been solely focused on finding
me. I needed to know from Leah herself what had happened.

"She shouldn't have done what she did," Rosalie said with a frown, "but I doubt she will
make the same mistake again. We'll make sure you're both ready next time."

I smiled, feeling reassured for the first time. "Thank you, Rose."

"I don't think this is a good idea," Edward cut in, voice layered with tension; a response to
Rosalie's unspoken thoughts.

But Rosalie was not swayed. "It should be her choice," she said firmly.

Behind her, Emmett finished up and set his tools down on the tarp, turning to watch us with
cautious eyes. And Carlisle, who'd wandered off towards his study a few hours prior,
reappeared, hovering under the archway of the door.

It wasn't difficult to guess why they were all on edge.

"This is about the children?"

Everyone was a frozen statue around me, their eyes locked on me.

"Yes," Rosalie said quietly. "Do you remember them?"

"No," I said. "But I can hear their heartbeats."

Rosalie tensed, but when I made no move to initiate a hunt, she relaxed the slightest degree.
"It's good. That you know who they are, I mean. They remember you."

I stared. "They do?"

But, I suppose it shouldn't have surprised me. According to my notes, Renesmée had
remembered Bella. Hybrids, like vampires, had photographic memory. I couldn't remember
the horror of birthing them, but they would know it always.

"One of them, the boy, is a shield like you," Edward explained, reaching over and gently
wrapping his fingers and wide palm around my gloves hands. "But I can read the thoughts of
the girl. She thinks of you often."
"Oh."

My stone heart became a heavy mass in my chest, threatening to collapse under the weight of
familiar grief. They too were victims of Serena and Joham's depraved schemes. None of us
had asked for any of this, least of all them.

But I couldn't help them. I couldn't even help myself.

I reluctantly looked back to Rosalie. "What do you need from me?"

She lifted the folder in hand and opened it. From this angle, I could not see what was written,
but I counted two sheets of paper, and a ballpoint pen balanced at the center.

"They don't have names yet," she explained, angling the folder down for me to see.

It was a pair of birth certificates.

"You haven't named them already?"

Rosalie shook her head. "Not without your permission."

"You don't have to, Isabella," Edward assured me, squeezing my hands.

For a moment, I listened to their fluttering hearts, beating away a floor below me. Could they
understand us? Did they know what was being asked of me?

But if they didn't, they would still remember. And someday they would understand that I
wouldn't name them. Would I reject them, the same way that my own parents had rejected me
for so long, just waiting for the day I was old enough to leave their house?

"Let me see those papers," I requested, lifting my hands from beneath Edward's. He didn't
protest, merely moving his hand out of the way, but scooting closer to my side. His proximity
was both reassuring and distressing.

Rosalie stacked the papers atop the folder and handed them to me alongside the pen. "The
one on top is the girl's."

The birthdate was listed as April 18, 2005, my death date. I didn't ask how they knew the
time of her birth.

Instead, I stared blankly at the certificate on my lap, thoughts racing. Surely I had once come
up with names I would one day want to name my children. But if I had, I couldn't remember.
The past felt far too unreal.

In the end, I thought of their names: Esme Anne, Rosalie Lillian, and Mary Alice, and took
blatant inspiration.

With all the caution and delicacy that I could muster, I lowered the tip of the ballpoint pen
and lightly wrote:
Lillianne Alicia Cullen

When I set the pen down and lifted my eyes, I was met with Rosalie's wide-eyed gaze.

"What? You don't like it?"

Perhaps it wasn't particularly original of me, but they had beautiful names. And if anyone
deserved to be honored, it was the woman who cared for my daughter, when I would not.

"No, it's lovely," Rosalie assured me, voice thick with some unnamed emotion. "Thank you."

"Ooh," Emmett said, casually breaking up the sensitive moment in the only way he could.
"Are you going to name the other tyke after one of us?"

"Sure," I agreed, shooting him an easy smile. "Not you though."

Beside me, Jasper snickered.

Emmett huffed and crossed his arms over his broad chest. "Typical."

I shuffled the papers and deliberated on the boy's name for a much shorter length of time.

Vivianno Lyle Cullen

"That's beautiful," Rosalie decided, once she'd retrieved the papers and read it out loud.

From my peripheral vision, I caught Carlisle's look of surprise. But he didn't ask my reasons
for taking inspiration from his name, and I didn't volunteer them.

Rosalie lowered the folder, certificates tucked away, and hesitated, before offering, "Would
you like to see them?"

I stared at her, vividly recalling the way I'd reacted towards Leah. "That sounds incredibly
dangerous. And stupid."

"It is," Jasper agreed, exasperated. "But we'll be here this time. Leah took us all by surprise."

I frowned.

Again, Edward offered, "It can wait."

And again, I thought of them listening to how I would respond.

"It can't," I decided. Regardless, it was best to get this over with now. If I waited, their
unusual existence would only continue to agitate me. "I trust you will all keep me from
hurting anyone else?"

I met each of their individual gazes, comforted by the determination my words evoked.

"Then let's go," I said, shooting to my feet in a single instant.
Jasper and Edward were quick to follow, bracketing me on either side.

Despite the obvious reluctance in her gaze, Rosalie turned, and along with Carlisle, lead the
way. Emmett shot me a wink as we passed by, but didn't follow, instead turning to gather the
scattered tools and leftover plaster.

They lead me down to the second floor landing and in the direction of Rosalie's room. The
closer we were, the louder the quick thumping of their hearts grew, until they practically
buzzed in my ears. Flames exploded across the length of my throat with vengeance and the
flow of pumping blood caused fresh venom to flood my mouth. My muscles locked in
anticipation.

The second she pushed open the door, I was hit with a warm wave of their smell.

But it did not send me into a frenzy, as we'd all expected. The perfume of their scent was
sweet and vampiric, not appetizing in the least.

Once again, they were statues around me, Edward and Jasper holding onto either side of me,
Rosalie and Carlisle watching me with apprehension.

I swallowed back the venom pooled on my tongue. "I'm fine."

Their disbelief was not unexpected.

"It's not so strange," I assured them. "What do you know of the hybrid Nahuel?"

"He resides in the Mapuche territory with his aunt," Jasper said. "He is venomous and turned
her after his birth."

I was not surprised to find that it was Jasper who had interrogated Serena. And I would be
even less surprised to find she'd met her death at his hands.

"Exactly," I said. "And Huilen did not harm him after the completion of her transformation.
She cared for him and raised him. I'll keep my distance, but I assure you, I haven't lost
control. Not yet."

Rosalie appeared the most relieved, and turned, leading us into her and Emmett's shared
bedroom.

Inside was Alice. She stood in one corner of the room, the area refurbished into a small
nursery, where she held one of them―the boy. It'd been three days since his birth, but already
he sat upright in her arms, physically appearing shy of a full year.

Vivianno tilted his head in my direction, glossy hair, the exact same color as my own, waving
lightly against his forehead. His eyes were doe-like, a gentle blue framed by long, curling
lashes, and his cheeks were round and pink―the faultless picture of enchanting.

"I know," Alice murmured, when he patted her cheek and looked back towards me with an
inquisitive gaze.
I looked away and focused on the second bassinet.

Inside, the girl slept peacefully, chest rising and falling quickly. She was identical to her
brother, with the exception of her hair. It was the same shade, but had no curl to it, fluffing
around her face in a soft brown halo.

Rosalie broke away from our huddle under the archway of her door, crossing the room to
hover at Lillianne's side, gazing down at her tenderly.

It was Carlisle who spoke next, voice grave, "We never could have imagined this was
possible."

"I did," I said, eyes growing distant, recalling with perfect clarity every word I'd written. "I
knew it was possible."

As one, all eyes shot towards me, varying degrees of shock coloring their expressions.

"You knew?" Rosalie asked. I couldn't fully decipher the weight of emotions that suddenly
snagged through her voice. "Why didn't you tell me?"

I stared, uncomprehending. "Why would it matter?"

"Isabella," Edward spoke from beside me, voice tight, fingers flexing against my shoulder
and forearm where he held me on my right side. "Did you know you would be forced to carry
a terminal pregnancy?"

His eyes were as hard as flint, boring into me.

I didn't immediately answer. His question was familiar, hitting me with a sharp sense of déjà
vu.

"Isabella, did you know Tyler would lose control of his van that day?"

Would I always do this? Would I always cause him so much anguish? It hardly seemed fair.
Especially when none of it had ever been my intention.

When I remained silent for too long, Edward reached his own conclusions.

"Why didn't you tell us?" he whispered, voice catching oddly, a chiming bell forced to an
abrupt and jarring standstill.

"Why would it matter?" I repeated, more harshly this time, a mixture of guilt and anger
blooming hotly in my chest. "None of us foresaw Serena coming. Not even me."

Edward's tortured look caused shame to curdle in my gut. "I know. I am so sorry."

I shook my head in a swift, jerking motion. "It's not your fault," I assured him forcefully. "On
that, you can trust me."
"But why didn't you tell us this was a possibility at all?" Rosalie insisted. "We could've
helped you."

I frowned. "Helped me? How?"

"Rosalie," Edward snarled. "Drop it."

"Why should I?" she snapped, crossing her arms. "Maybe it would've been what she wanted.
It didn't have to be like this."

"No," Edward denied sharply. "It's what you would've wanted for her."

A little late, I caught onto Rosalie's meaning. She was imagining a different world―a world
in which I stayed human long enough to choose motherhood; a world in which Edward and I
had a child of our own.

But that world didn't exist. Renesmée didn't exist. And never would.

"How do you know?" Rosalie hissed at Edward. "Did you ever ask her?!"

From my peripheral vision, I caught Edward's pained expression.

Rage twisted violently through me and I saw red―

"That's enough."

―the rage buckled and collapsed, drowned and washed away by a sweeping, all-consuming
calm.

"Isabella and I are going for a walk," Jasper decided tersely.

The peace made me heavy and compliant. I didn't protest, even when Edward stepped aside,
allowing Jasper to guide me out of the room. The others remained eerily silent as we glided
down the stairs and exited through the back glass doors of the house.

Outside, Jasper lead me across the field and along the edge of the roaring river. Even in the
dark, under an endless expanse of dreary black clouds, everything remained clear as day. I
could pick out every blade of grass, see through the layers of water currents beside us, all the
way down to all it held within its shadowy depths.

Then, in one fell swoop, the false ease gave away to fury―

I flew back, away from Jasper's grip, growling viciously.

Jasper turned to face me, hardly appearing threatened.

"Why are you angry?"

"Why the hell do you think?!" I snarled, falling into a crouch, the image of Edward's distress
coming back into sharp focus, as clear as the moment I'd witnessed it.
Jasper remained the image of patience. "Our kind has the capability of thinking at lightning
speed," he explained calmly. "The problem is, we can act even quicker than that. You need to
start learning how to think things through."

I sneered. "What? Think before I act? That's your advice?" I asked with an edge of mockery.

"It's the difference between a temperamental newborn and a vampire who has the ability to
exercise self-control," he continued. "It's the difference between maintaining your friendship
with Leah or killing her in a sudden fit of violent temper."

I quickly sobered, recalling my attack against Leah and growing sick to my stomach with
guilt. The image of her body cracking against the floorboards remained crystal clear in my
mind's eyes, disallowing me to forget all the pain I'd caused.

"So, tell me why you're angry," Jasper said. "Here, where no one will be hurt."

Instantaneously, I straightened out of my crouch and acquiesced with a lurching nod.

"She has no right," I hissed, anger beginning to simmer hotly beneath my skin anew. "Edward
did nothing wrong. I never discussed the possibility of carrying a hybrid myself because I
didn't want to. Not at the time. And maybe I could've changed my mind, but everything with
Edward was still so new. And then, we were running out of time. So it doesn't matter that I
never told her! It wouldn't have made a difference."

"What will you do?"

"I don't know," I snarled. "Rip her head off!"

Jasper smiled. "And how do you plan on doing that?"

Everything went red, and suddenly, I was on the ground, Jasper containing my flailing limbs,
wrapped around me like twisting iron bars.

I shrieked in protest, but I could find no way to break out of his secure hold.

"Isabella, you need to calm down."

"Fuck you, Jasper," I snarled, still struggling against him.

"It's either you do it," he said. "Or I do it for you."

"Don't you fucking dare!" I howled. But my efforts slowed involuntarily, unwilling to be
doused into false compliance, a puppet for him to maneuver as he pleased.

"…Do you really want to hurt Rosalie?"

I deflated, face falling flat against a patch of wet moss as I replaced the image of a hurt Leah,
with Rosalie. "No," I whispered. "I don't."

"I thought so," he said. "I trust you can manage if I let you go?"
The anger still seethed, bubbling dangerously in my chest. But I knew, I could choose not to
give into it.

"I will," I sighed, the scent of wet earth flooding my lungs and serving to clear my head.

Finally, Jasper released me, and I vaulted away, springing to my feet, relieved to be free at
last.

Belatedly, I mumbled a grudging, "Sorry."

To my surprise, Jasper merely laughed. "No harm done, Iz."

I turned to him with a look of disbelief.

"I'm serious," he said, walking alongside the riverbed at a disgustingly slow human pace. I
reluctantly followed. "For a newborn, you're not so bad."

I scowled. "Thanks, I think."

"But the circumstances are different," he said. "So I shouldn't be too surprised."

I'd written enough on Jasper to know exactly what he meant. So yes, I supposed training an
army of savage newborn vampires was nothing compared to my lone self.

"Where's Edward?" I asked. In all the fury I'd directed towards Rosalie, I'd forgotten that it
was him who truly needed my attention. I needed him to know with certainty that Rosalie
was wrong.

"Scouting ahead."

"What?" I asked. "Why does he need to do that?"

Jasper turned to me, expression suddenly grave. "We need to be careful, Iz," he explained.
"No humans should be near our property, but I'm unwilling to risk it. We don't want to make
things worse before you can leave Forks."

"Before I can leave Forks?" I demanded. "What about the rest of you?!"

We halted, Jasper eyeing me seriously. "Izzy, we still have a cover to maintain. We can't all
disappear without warning. Not in light of your death."

The abrupt fear stole the air from my dead lungs. "But," I said, remaining eerily still. "Where
will I go?"

Jasper's gaze softened. "You won't go alone," he assured me. "Esme estimates that she can
have the new house ready within another month. Once that's done, she will take you and
Edward up there with her, until we can join you in June."

"Oh," I said, sudden relief easing away the dread. "But don't they also have appearances to
keep up?"
"No. Carlisle officially pulled Edward and Alice out of school," he explained. "And Esme's
presence in town isn't as visible, so they won't be missed."

"What will the rest of you do?"

Jasper shrugged. "The same as usual. Rosalie, Emmett, and I will graduate in two months.
And Carlisle's original resignation letter wasn't intended to discharge him until June, so he'll
be seeing that through as well. It'll cast less suspicion if we depart when we announced we
would be back in February. Alice will stay to watch the children while Rosalie is unavailable.
And then, there's the matter of your death."

I frowned. "What about it?"

"We're working on falsifying it," he said. "I'll be leaving later tonight to search out some
nearby morgues. We're first looking to find a body similar to yours."

I wrinkled my nose in distaste. "You can keep the gruesome details to yourself, Jazz."

"If you're sure," he teased.

"I'm sure," I grumbled. "Can I see Edward now?"

"Yes," he allowed. "Wait here."

Jasper darted off into the thick of the woods, unexpectedly leaving me unsupervised. Not that
there was anything or anyone in danger from me here. Even the surrounding thicket remained
strangely silent.

I crouched down by the river and sat. There was hardly any light, most of the moonrays
consumed by dense, rolling clouds, but I still caught the barest of reflections. I gazed down
into glowing red eyes, no less frightening than the first time I'd seen them. Somewhere in the
distance, a clap of thunder crashed and shook the surrounding forests.

I heard Edward's footsteps before I saw him, but neither of us broke the silence. Soon, he
reached my side and quietly dropped down, sitting to my right by the river's edge.

I stared at the wavering reflection now beside mine, equally as inhuman as my own. Except,
Edward somehow wore immortality better. His features were gentle, where mine were rigid;
his eyes warm, where mine were cruel and unblinking; his posture serene, where I remained
motionless―a lethal image on the water; a venomous snake poised to strike.

"Admiring yourself, love?" he suddenly teased.

My temper flared, sharp and astringent. "That's not what I'm doing," I hissed.

His smile vanished and with it, my anger.

"Sorry," I sighed and deeply breathed in his comforting scent, sweet like sunlight and
wildflowers. "I'm sorry," I repeated. "You shouldn't listen to anything that Rosalie said. I―"
"I know," he assured me. "I heard." But his smile didn't return. Instead, he gestured towards
the still image painted upon the moving waters and asked, "Tell me what you really see."

I stared at the alien creature, cold and unmoving.

"I see a stranger," I said, listening to the delicate shimmering of my tinny voice. "From adult,
to teenager, to pregnant, to dead, to vampire." Never mind the fact that I could barely
remember the pregnancy itself; I still felt the echoes of it. Something had grown inside of me
and been brutally removed.

"In one of my journal entries, I wrote about feeling afraid," I continued. The longer I spoke,
the quieter my voice grew. "If my outward appearance could be taken away so easily, had
inward parts of myself been taken away too? I've drowned, died, lived, and then nearly died
again so many times since then, until I finally died for the second time. And now…it feels
like too much has been taken away. I feel like…I have nothing left to give."

Edward reached over and gently took my gloved hand. His thumb rubbed against the skin of
my wrist. "I know," he murmured. "None of us were given a second chance at being human,
as you were, only for it to be taken away. But you know our stories. You know how much
we've all lost."

I thought back to the stories I'd written.

Edward, forced to watch his own parents die, and then left to die on his own, only to become
something he loathed. (This tragedy, I'd unintentionally experienced for myself.)

Alice, discarded in a mental asylum by her vile father; tormented and abused.

Jasper, forced into a brutal and wretched life of carnage and slaughter.

Rosalie, assaulted in the cruelest way imaginable and abandoned to die.

Esme, mistreated, forced to watch her child die, only to inevitably take her own life.

"I do know," I said. "What do you suggest?"

Edward's grip around my hand tightened comfortingly. "Receive the love you're given," he
said kindly. "And then, receive some more. And when you're ready, we'll be here."

I finally lifted my head and met his melting golden eyes under the cover of night. "Ready for
what?"

Edward smiled. "For whatever you wish."

"…Even revenge?"

He did not falter. "You wouldn't be the first."

Of course not. They were no strangers to playing judge, jury, and executioner. Rosalie had;
Edward had on Esme's behalf. They all had on my behalf, against James' coven; against
Serena; against Joham, if I were to ask for it. The Cullens were the most dangerous when one
of their own was threatened.

And now, so was I.

"Come," Edward said, suddenly flitting to his feet and holding out his hand towards me.
"There's something I want to show you."

I flew up and placed my hand in his. Unlike the others, Edward didn't force me to practice a
slower pace. Instead, we flashed like lightning, darting swiftly over the black field and
closing in on the house in a matter of seconds.

We ducked under the cover of the porch in time to avoid the unleashing of a torrential
downpour. Rain abruptly fell in sheets, striking the roof of the house in deafening waves.

The rich scent of fresh rainwater was luscious, swirling pleasantly through my lungs, but we
didn't linger. Edward lead me inside and across the sprawling first floor, until we reached the
grand piano, perched atop a small dais near the spiraling staircase.

"Careful," he warned me, guiding me to sit on the long bench.

"I know," I said ruefully, cautiously sitting beside him, unwilling to even touch the
instrument. I was all too aware of the raw strength I now possessed and the piano was so
obviously precious to him. "Have you finished composing my song?"

Edward gazed down at me in surprise. "You remember?"

"No, not entirely," I said truthfully. I knew of his own memories, but the melody of my song
escaped me. The more I tried to invoke it, the more elusive it became. "Will you play it?"

"I'd be honored to," he said, flashing me a sweet smile and turning to the keys.

The song started playing and I was displaced in time.

My chest warmed and a smile spread across my face as I swayed to the joyful song, a human
memory unfurling across my mind. It was dim and clouded, as though I were viewing it
through a dark screen, but it overlapped with the present.

Edward had been more cheerful then, eyes bright and without worry. Now, an undercurrent of
distress pervaded him, shown in the tightness of his eyes and the tense line of his shoulder
blades.

But he continued playing with ease, fingers dancing across the piano keys skillfully, never
once missing a beat. And when the song slowed, transcending into something nebulous and
full of sorrow, his eyes darkened and his shoulders curved in, every agonizing emotion
becoming audible under the movement of his fingers.

And like my memory, the song shuddered to a jarring halt, still incomplete.
  "I…I'm sorry," Edward murmured, eyes narrowed as he stared down at his hands. "I thought I
  could complete it. But still, there's something missing…"

  I smiled up at him in what I hoped was a reassuring expression. "What's the rush?" I teased.
  "We have eternity now, remember?"

  His eyes softened with unbridled affection. "Of course."

  "Play something else for me instead," I suggested.

  The distraction worked perfectly. Edward's expression grew thoughtful as he turned back to
  the piano, fingers hovering above the keys for a fraction of second, before launching into
  another song, nearly as exquisite as my own.

  I carefully leaned against him, unwilling to obstruct him, but also wishing to be closer.

  His sweet music flooded my ears and tenderly caressed my soul, imbuing me into the depths
  of his being. I smiled, feeling at peace for the first time since I'd risen from the ashes of my
  humanity, comforted and surrounded by all that was Edward.

  It was much later, when I noticed an unexpected change in him. He made no errors, did not
  hesitate in any single press of the keys, but suddenly, Edward smiled, his countenance
  growing lighter and softer.

  I stared up at him with inquiring eyes.

  Without waiting for me to voice my question, he said gently, "Esme is home."



Chapter End Notes



    I was gonna include Esme's return, but the chapter got too long so you'll all have to wait
    until the next chapter x)

    Anyway, I hope y'all enjoyed the update! Let me know your thoughts please! And thank
    you to Raviyoli for all your help :)
                                 Chapter 59: Paint the Roses Red
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The rain had temporarily calmed to a light drizzle, drumming sparsely against the porch roof
   above us as Edward and I awaited Esme's arrival. A grove of trees kept the house separated
   from the garage, but my keen ears heard every bit of movement―the purr of the car engine
   cutting off, the opening and shutting of the car door, Esme's light and quick footsteps, first
   across solid concrete, and then over the wet, uneven terrain.

   Until finally, she appeared between the gaps of thinning tree branches, raindrops sparkling
   across waves of flowing caramel hair as she darted gracefully over the meadow-like front
   lawn.

   "Isabella!"

   I snatched my hand out of Edward's grip and launched myself into Esme's awaiting arms.

   Esme stumbled, but didn't fall, holding me firmly atop the porch steps.

   "Oh baby, I'm so sorry I wasn't here," she murmured into my hair, clutching me tightly.

   "It's okay," I mumbled, face buried against her shoulder, the lovely fragrance of her silk
   blouse and something that was sweet and purely Esme engulfing me in its comforting scent.
   "I was a right terror. I'm relieved you didn't have to see all that."

   "Darling, you can't have been any worse than I was," she laughed gently. "Come, let's head
   inside."

   I reluctantly pulled away and allowed her to steer me back through the front door. To my
   disappointment, Edward had already vanished, but when I heard the delicate piano music
   flooding the house once again, I relaxed. He wouldn't stray far.

   Esme lead me back up to the second floor landing and in the direction of Carlisle's office,
   where we found Carlisle sitting at his desk, brow furrowed in concentration. He was
   surrounded by piles of composition notebooks, bookmarked and stacked heedlessly around
   him, effectively shielding any open pages from my view.

   At our entrance, Carlisle lifted his gaze. The previous solemnity of his expression softened,
   eyes becoming lost solely in Esme's, his countenance glowing like the shimmering gold of
   sunrise. "Welcome home, my love."

   "Thank you, my love," she greeted him in return, smile radiant; a sunflower readily soaking
   up his warmth. "Isabella and I will be in my study."

   He nodded, acknowledging me with a kind, reassuring smile, before returning to whatever
   research had caused him to become so pensive.
Esme guided me towards a door hidden between a pair of towering ceiling-to-floor length
bookshelves, directly across from the open archway on the opposite side of the room that lead
into Carlisle's personal library.

The lights flickered on as we entered and I gazed around in wonder. Where Carlisle's study
resembled a dean's office with its dark wood paneling, shelving hundreds of old books, and
adorned with sophisticated furnishings, Esme's was bright and full of color. Like Edward's
bedroom, an entire wall was made of glass, reflecting back the glowing room. But I could see
past that, into the stormy night. In the distance, the river wound through clusters of swaying
firs, and beyond that, the range of mountains were painted across thundering skies, lit by
flashes of forked lighting.

The tables of Esme's small study were swamped with blueprints, paint swatches, tile samples,
and all manner of open sketchbooks. Across one wall hung various fabric samples, and across
another, strips of paint colored it haphazardly, as though used for testing and comparison.

Despite my curiosity, Esme introduced me to none of these things. Instead, she steered
towards a pretty, mid-century loveseat situated along the wall opposing the tall panes of
glass, where we sat and leaned back into the white cushions. Across from us, the rain grew
heavier, rhythmically striking glass in shattering swells.

Esme gently pulled me into her arms, holding me tenderly as she murmured, "Tell me
everything I missed."

I sighed, reluctant. But I knew I couldn't refuse her. And with far too much clarity I recalled
and shared all that had come to pass in the last twelve hours. Admittedly, I edited it out a lot
of my own feelings. The return of Esme had brought with it its own sense of peace and I
refused to demolish that.

In the next room, Carlisle continued to flip through notebook pages, and down the hall,
Rosalie and Emmett conversed quietly. Downstairs, Edward played the piano without pause,
and Alice and Jasper were gone, presumably ransacking a morgue somewhere.

Fortunately, my storytelling caused no disruptions.

"My, that is an eventful first day," she hummed, fingers carding through the length of my
ponytail.

"I'm sorry about breaking your wall," I mumbled, embarrassed.

"Oh that's alright, sweet girl," she laughed, as though it were a common occurrence. "The
boys have caused much worse destruction. Emmett essentially destroyed our whole house in
his first year alone. Why do you think he's so good at repairing walls?"

"That tracks," I giggled.

"You'll quickly learn just how fragile the world around us really is," Esme assured me. "But I
trust that any intended rowdiness will be taken outside?"
I huffed, "Yes, mom."

The arm around my shoulders squeezed me tightly. "That's my girl."

She continued to hold me all through the night while we chatted quietly and watched the
unrelenting storm.

But all too soon, the rain slowed to a halting stop, dawn breaking over the gloomy horizon,
and she was off again, getting ready for the new day and gathering her things in a whirlwind.

Esme paused long enough to pull me into another gentle embrace, planting a kiss on my
cheek. "You'll call me if you need me."

It wasn't a question.

"Of course," I assured her nonetheless and was rewarded with yet another one of her
meltingly warm smiles.

And then, she was off to Calgary once more.

Similarly, Rosalie, Emmett, and Jasper were forced to depart for school. From what I'd
gathered, they'd missed classes most of the week and Carlisle had decided that for the sake of
appearances their absences could no longer continue.

Unsurprisingly, it was Alice who came by with a fresh set of clothes in hand to kick me out
of Esme's study. "I've endured your dusty hair long enough," she huffed, gesturing towards
the residue of plaster I had yet to wash out of my braids. "I trust you can dress yourself this
time?"

"I think I got it," I grumbled, carefully gripping the stack of neatly folded clothes and the pair
of new shoes.

"Good!" she chirped and skipped off, presumably to take over babysitting duty from Rosalie.

I glided back up to the third floor bathroom, which shone as pristine as the first time I'd seen
it. Any blood smears from the previous day had been thoroughly scrubbed away, bloody and
torn clothes thoroughly disposed of.

Now that I was without Alice, I was forced to be extremely careful. After setting my new
clothes on the wide marble counter, I started by tugging off the hair tie holding up my hair
and carefully unweaving every meticulous braid Alice had plaited across my scalp. Too
quickly, I learned to be gentle, unwilling to yank out and forever lose my own hair strands.

This time, I had better luck removing my clothes. They tore only slightly, near-invisible
fissures webbing across the delicate seafoam gauze of my sleeves and along the waistband of
my pants. I had little doubt Alice would be disposing of these clothes as well, so I didn't
mourn the micro-fractures. Instead, I used it as practice so that I later wouldn't tear my new
outfit.
After tossing them into the hamper I chose to take a shower, rather than a bath, and lingered
under the firm spray of water, the lukewarm setting comfortably hot against my ice-cold skin.
The memory of stiff muscles relaxing under hot water was fleeting and insubstantial, but all
the same, the idea made me feel a little less macabre and a little more human. But
successfully twisting the showerhead nozzle was not the end of learning to maintain a gentle
grip. The clear plastic bottles of shampoo and bodywash were extremely fragile in my hands.
It was something to focus on, but my mind was so incredibly spacious that even that was
hardly a distraction.

This was the first time I'd been allowed to be on my own for any length of time. And while I
was grateful, I couldn't help but miss my family's unfailing companionship. Even if it was for
the purpose of keeping me and those around me safe, I still longed for it. It kept me grounded
and focused. It made me feel safe.

I tried not to linger on the reason for that, but escaping my own mind now, when I could
maintain multiple lines of thought, was impossible. And the truth was, I didn't want to know.
I didn't want to remember what I had endured at the hands of Serena. I didn't even want to
know what my family had done to her. There was no doubt in my mind she was dead. They
would not stand for anything less.

That should've been enough.

I wished it was enough.

I applied a liberal handful of conditioner, knowing it would do nothing for the texture of my
hair, but using it to ease apart the tangles and knots. It swiftly rinsed out, sliding off of the
wire-like strands easily. I stayed under the sharp spray for a while after, water crashing
against me like draping velvet. My skin never softened or wrinkled. I could've remained there
for hours without change, but I knew that if I stayed alone for much longer, I would spiral.

Donning my undergarments after drying off was the most challenging part of getting dressed,
the thin silk in danger of tearing at a mere glance from me, but once I was successful in that,
the rest came easy. Today, Alice had chosen a dusty-rose long-sleeve shirt with matching
gloves, dark against my ghost-like complexion, and over it, a corduroy pinafore dress in a
shade of creamy white. The matching, close-toed wedges slipped on the easiest.

Afterwards, I used the same metal comb from yesterday to gently brush my damp hair
straight.

My fresh appearance was startling. Despite the fearsome red eyes and the unnatural beauty
now draping my features, the simple dress served to emphasize my youth and it was with a
sad realization that I recalled: Physically, I would never age past seventeen. I would forever
be stuck between childhood and adulthood; not quite a girl, but never fully a woman. I wore
the cold skin of a dead girl whose life had been snatched away long before the venom had
seared away her humanity; a new and more permanent grave for me to rest in.

I gently set the comb down and breathed out.
It was too late for Bella. It had been for many months now. But it wasn't too late for me. The
cards had been dealt and how I chose to play them was ultimately up to me. Eternity
stretched out before me. The sky was the limit, and then some.

And besides, I wasn't merely living for myself. I had Edward, and my family, and Leah―they
were my eternity.

The corpse-pale girl in the mirror smiled, a brief, but soft expression that cemented my
resolve.

At last, I exited the bathroom and flitted down the hall to Edward's bedroom, only to find it
empty. Listening closely, I detected the presence of Alice and Carlisle still in the house, along
with a pair of sleeping babies. I was a little taken aback by the lack of supervision. It was
only my second day as a newborn and I was―how had Leah phrased it?

Twenty pounds of nightmare in a five pound corpse.

Scarily accurate in the way that only Leah could convey. But I hoped the first day would
remain the worst. Esme's brief presence had done wonders for my attitude, and if it weren't
for the flames continuously ravaging my throat, or a murderous temper I was still learning to
keep in check, I wouldn't need constant handling. After all, it wasn't as though I was looking
to cause trouble.

I glided back down to the second floor and sought Carlisle. He was in the same position he'd
been in all night, still flipping through various notebooks, face pensive.

"Carlisle," I greeted him, pausing just under the archway. "Where is Edward?"

"Isabella," he said, glancing up, eyes tight. "Please, come in." He offered me a warm, if
delayed, smile and gestured towards one of the chairs situated across his desk. "Edward is out
running an errand for me."

I narrowed my eyes at the vague answer. "He's not breaking into any morgues, is he?"

"Ah, no," Carlisle assured me, swiftly shutting any open composition notebooks across his
desk. "We've left that task up to Jasper."

I nodded, but didn't share my relief. It wasn't necessarily fair that it was Jasper who had to
find my corpse duplicate, but under no circumstances did I want that for Edward. He'd
suffered enough.

I breezed in and took a cautious seat at the edge of the chair across from him. "What is he
doing then?"

"He's driven out of town," Carlisle explained delicately. "There are certain supplies we
require."

I arched an eyebrow. "To falsify my death?"

"Yes." He appeared a little exasperated by my prodding.
"I know I told Jasper I wasn't interested in the details, and I'm not," I assured him. "But I can
handle it if I have to."

"But you don't," Carlisle said firmly. "We want you to focus on you, Isabella. You're in the
midst of a difficult transition. You needn't worry about anything or anyone else."

"I appreciate that," I said honestly. "My first transition…waking up as Bella Swan…wasn't
easy. I was on my own and I thought I was losing it. I'm glad I'm not alone anymore."

Carlisle reached across the desk and offered me an open hand. "And as part of this family,
you never will be."

I slowly placed my palm against his and he gently wrapped his fingers around mine, the pink
of my gloved hand dwarfed in his.

"Thank you," I whispered.

"I once promised that we would never abandon you," he said. "That still stands."

The memory was obscure, clouded, but I remembered―the glow of a car dash, headlights
illuminating a black highway, Carlisle's warm voice, his kind words.

"I know," I said with a fond smile. "Thank you, Carlisle."

His expression lit up. "You recall?"

"Bits and pieces," I said. "It's harder to remember everything through human eyes, but my
journals help, and reminders as well. It's like, I don't know what to look for, unless someone
points me in the right direction? If that makes sense."

"It makes perfect sense," he said, sounding strangely relieved. "Thank you for sharing this
with me, Isabella. I was terribly worried that that wouldn't be the case. Focal retrograde
amnesia is fairly common amongst those who have been newly turned, but you…there was
clear trauma to your head when we found you. And that, along with all the emotional duress
you were under and the many drugs pumped into your system, it could have been any
combination of post-traumatic, dissociative, and drug-induced amnesia. But if we are now
able to reactivate your dormant memories then I no longer fear it is a permanent thing."

I frowned thoughtfully. "But if I wanted to, I could choose to forget?"

Carlisle didn't appear surprised by my question. "Yes," he answered. "Whichever memories
you hold onto will stay with you. The rest will ultimately remain forgotten."

"That's good," I decided and before he could ask me anything of it, I took my hand back and
carefully arranged my forearms against the armrests. "What are you working on then?" I
curiously eyed the array of notebooks. Despite their relatively new appearance, many of the
time intervals penned across the covers were comprised of dates spanning the 1900s.
"Shouldn't you be at the hospital?"
"My shift is not for another few hours," Carlisle said, expression unexpectedly shifting into
something dark and grim. "As for these…I had hoped to wait a little longer before broaching
this topic of discussion with you."

I stared at him. "Why? What is it?"

"Jasper recovered these," he said, making a sweeping gesture over the length of his desk.
"They encompass the entirety of Serena's research into hybrid conception."

I became a statue, eyes locked onto the well-kept notebooks.

"You read these?"

Anger warred against revulsion, a storm of grief convulsing in my chest. The armrests of my
chair shuddered and cracked under my grip, splintering into pointed shards of wood. I flew to
my feet, chair colliding thunderously against the hardwood floors.

"How could you?" I demanded, venom thickly coating my eyes, stinging like fire.

Somewhere down the hall, a child cried.

Carlisle sat frozen, gaze brimming with both apprehension and remorse. "Because we knew
nothing of what she'd done to you," he said, cautiously pushing himself to his feet. "Because
we knew nothing of the victims before you."

With slow, fluid steps, Carlisle walked around his desk and approached me. "Because you
and every other girl who was taken deserves to be acknowledged," he said, voice softly
pained. "I am so sorry, Isabella."

My legs remained stable beneath me, solid and unshaking. But I was on the verge of collapse.
My dead heart hung like a sinking boulder and my lungs shrunk smaller and smaller as
everything inside of me asphyxiated, crumbling like stone. Sorrow unfolded into a gaping
chasm, threatening to swallow me in its crushing depths.

And so, when Carlisle took me by the arms, all I could do was fall, hollow bones weighed
down, burdened by grief. He caught me and held me as a wretched sob built in the back of
my throat, more agonizing than the scorching fire that cut as sharp as serrated knives.

"I have you," Carlisle murmured, holding me in a firm, but gentle embrace. "I have you."

I clung to him, shoulders heaving from the force of my tearless sobbing.

"It's not fair," I cried like a child. "It's not fair."

"I know."

I had no clear memories of my time with Serena. But I didn't need them.

I didn't need them to recognize the ringing absence inside of me; didn't need them to know
that she had taken from me far more than I could give.
And now, those pieces of me would always be missing. I was frozen; never decaying, never
changing; a half-constructed monolith left to drift in the shadow of humanity.

In the end, all I could do was allow the black veil to settle; to drape heavily over hazy
memories that lingered. Carlisle had said that I could choose to forget and so I would.
Because she didn't deserve to be remembered; she didn't deserve a single trace of recognition.
I wouldn't allow her face to haunt me for the rest of eternity. I wouldn't.

Minutes passed. Maybe hours. But Carlisle didn't complain and I never tired. He simply held
me for as long as I needed him to.

"When will Edward be home?" I asked sometime later, feeling strangely bereft.

"He went a ways off, but he should return before any of the others," he assured me, loosening
his hold.

Reluctantly, I stepped back. "Can I wait for him in Esme's study?"

"You are more than welcomed to, my dear," he said, squeezing my shoulders softly before
allowing his hands to drop. "Is there anything else you need?"

I shook my head. "No. But thank you."

"Come," he said and guided me back in the direction of Esme's study. "I believe she meant to
show you this last night."

"What is it?"

I had intended to sit on her sofa and simply watch the rain until Edward returned home. The
emotional turmoil had drained me of all mental energy. But instead, we crossed the small
room to one of Esme's desks where Carlisle sifted through her large sketchbooks until he
found what he was looking for.

"Take a look at this," he said, smoothing out one of the pages.

I studied the neat drawing. The design was for a single room that took up two stories of
space, with a soaring roof made of glass. The second story was a loft area, only half the size
of the first floor, lined by an ornate railing, a twirling staircase attached on one end. And
directly underneath the loft was a sprawling bay window framed on either side by
bookshelves built into the walls. Numbers dictating the square footage of the room were
listed neatly in the margins.

"This will be your room in Calgary," Carlisle said.

I gaped. "All this? For me?"

"Of course," Carlisle smiled. "The house is purely Esme's design, rather than a restoration, so
it will be much larger than this one."
He turned back to the cluttered desk and unearthed a pile of catalogs. "Browse through
these," he instructed. "Esme will wish to know what sort of furniture you favor."

"I…thank you," I mumbled, receiving the stack from him.

"No need to thank me," he chuckled. "I'll be in the next room, if you need anything."

"Okay," I said, eyes still glued to the glossy pages.

Carlisle flitted out of the room and I moved to sit on the loveseat, spreading the different
furniture catalogs across the cushion beside me.

I flipped through them carefully, but quickly. Within seconds I had viewed every option and
was able to recall each one with perfect clarity. And that's when the real work began. The
bedroom Esme had designed for me was a vast one, with plenty of space to furnish and
decorate. I debated with myself, comparing different furniture styles and colors, flipping
through the paint swatches and wallpaper samples on one of Esme's desks, unearthing her
home decor catalogs and perusing those as well.

Carlisle's quest to keep me distracted worked so flawlessly, that by the time Edward returned
my melancholy had been set aside in favor of assembling various design concepts to present
to Esme when she returned.

"Isabella?"

In a flash, I lifted my head and met Edward's concerned gaze from where I sat cross-legged
on the floor, catalogs piled around me.

"I can't decide," I admitted. "Should I go for hardwood or carpet?"

He stared at me, bewildered, and then eyed the flooring samples spread haphazardly before
me.

"Why not both?"

I smiled. "You're a genius."

Edward's mouth curled into a crooked grin and he gracefully stepped around the mess I'd
made, dropping to sit at my side.

"What are you working on?"

"I'm trying to decide how to decorate my new room. Carlisle showed me the bedroom Esme
designed for me at the new house," I explained, reaching over and pulling the open
sketchbook to my lap. "What do you think?"

Edward looked over the drawing with a hum of approval. "She always does exceptional
work," he said with a fond smile. "What have you decided so far?"
"I prefer summer colors, so I'm leaning towards something light and warm for flooring;
maybe white ash or soft maple," I said, holding up a few of the hardwood samples I'd picked
out. "I'll probably do carpet for the loft. And for color―" I leaned across him and snatched up
a paint swatch. "―turquoise blue! It's my favorite!"

"I recall," Edward laughed softly, plucking the swatch from my hand. "What else?"

I chattered excitedly, flipping back open a few catalogs and showing him everything that had
caught my interest. He listened attentively, occasionally inserting his own thoughts, but
mostly allowing me to keep the reins of the conversation.

"And this is for the loft?" he asked, holding up the wallpaper samples I had been debating
between.

"Yes, I want something special for it." At the moment, I couldn't decide between cascading
flowers or opal clouds. "Maybe neither. Maybe Alice could paint me a wall mural instead."

"Hmm yes," Edward agreed distractedly, still comparing the samples in hand.

I observed him with an affectionate smile. His brow was furrowed in concentration, hair
tumbling messily across his forehead, lips pursed in thought.

My new mind allowed me to maintain multiple thought processes. The loudest one cried for
blood. Always.

But the rest remained enamored with the boy at my side, wrapping around him, desperately
recalling what little I could remember of our time together. Matching his memories with my
human ones was hard, but not impossible. And the realization that I loved him in the exact
same way that he loved me was not difficult to realize. I was incredibly lucky to have him.

At last, he decided, "I think I prefer the flowers. There's plenty more variety there and Esme
can show you a lot more than what she has here."

"I love you."

Edward startled, dropping the samples, eyes shooting in my direction.

"I love you," I repeated, reaching up and carding my hand through his untidy hair, gloved
fingers trailing down to curve around his cheek. "I don't remember if I ever told you that. I
must have."

Edward's memories determined it to be true. But this memory remained particularly elusive
to me.

"You have," he promised me, resting his hand over mine, trapping it there. "I love you too,
Isabella."

"I know," I said, smiling so widely I feared my cheeks would crack. "I saw it."

"Your abilities," he recalled fondly. "How does that work exactly?"
Our hands dropped to my lap, mine still trapped in his.

"It's like reading a book," I explained. "As soon as I touched you with my hand, the words of
your life became visible. I read every single one. I know you from beginning to end."

My final words abruptly stole the light from his eyes.

"Oh," he said, expression strangely subdued. "So you know about…?"

It didn't take me long to catch his meaning.

I squeezed his hand. "Yes," I said. "I know about that too."

"I assumed you always knew," Edward confessed. "But you never once brought it up."

I shrugged. "I can't imagine why I would," I said. "It's not my past to freely discuss. And
even now, I don't fault you for it. Especially now."

Perhaps if he'd encountered Serena during his years of rebellion, she'd have been dead long
ago.

The vulnerability in Edward's gaze burned straight into my still heart. "I'm sorry I never told
you."

"You don't have to be sorry," I said. "Those monsters got exactly what they deserved. I just
wish you hadn't had to suffer for it."

His expression remained grim, but I didn't know what more could be said. To me it was as
plain and simple as that. Then again, I couldn't actually speak from experience. No matter
how many books I'd read, I would never be able to truly understand the emotional turmoil
Edward had endured.

When it was apparent he had nothing more to say to that end, I asked, "Can we go outside?" I
hadn't dared to venture out on my own. Jasper's caution would be for naught if I recklessly
went out unsupervised, but Alice was busy and I hadn't wanted to bother Carlisle anymore
than I already had.

Besides, Edward clearly needed a distraction.

"Anything you'd like," he assured me sweetly, the distress easing from his face. He flitted to
his feet and needlessly offered me a hand.

I accepted it regardless, flying to my feet as though I were weightless.

"Let's clean up before Esme sees this," I said sheepishly, looking around at the mess I'd made.

"She will be delighted to know you have made yourself at home," Edward said with a wink.

Nonetheless, we swept through the room, returning every sample, catalog, and sketchbook to
its designated place within seconds. Having perfect memory recall came in handy during
such moments.

Afterwards, Edward unlatched one of the glass panes and opened it long enough to allow us
access into the second story balcony. The rain had calmed once more, but the skies remained
endlessly gray, cool gusts of wind whispering against my ears and playfully whipping my
hair back, bringing with it the scents of sweet vegetation and rich petrichor.

"How far can we go?" I asked, leaning forward against the railing, observing the eternal sea
of evergreens and its pastel backdrop of mountain ranges.

"Best not to wander further than the river," Edward admitted. "At least until the others return
home."

I heaved an unnecessary sigh. "River it is."

Without warning, I launched myself over the railing, the wind stealing my laughter as I flew
across the expanse of grass until I landed lightly on my feet and dashed the remaining
distance to the river's edge.

"You cheated," Edward complained once he reached my side a fraction of a second later

I grinned. "I didn't know it was a race."

"Uh huh," he agreed unconvincingly. "I'm positively sure you didn't."

I shot him a wink and twirled around to walk alongside the river, practicing my human pace
once more. Which felt ridiculous. But it was either this or loping across the same strip of land
like a hamster in a running wheel.

Edward fell into step beside me, following my lead.

"I know it's frustrating," he said. "But you understand why we're doing this."

"I do," I said. "I didn't realize I would feel so caged in. But I keep reminding myself that this
is only temporary."

We fell quiet after that and the rush of water currents at my side flooded my ears, a roar that
drowned out every other wildlife sound. And with it came a strange sense of caution.

I did not truly fear the water. Why should I? I was indestructible. I didn't need to breathe, let
alone fear drowning. But still, the feeling persisted. It warned me away; told me to steer clear
of the rushing currents, as though they posed a danger.

"This is where I drowned once," I said, recalling Edward's memory and what I'd jotted down
in my journal.

His voice was pained when he answered, "It is."

"I can barely remember it," I admitted. "I'm glad for that."
"As am I," he said with no small amount of relief.

I shot him a smile and then turned to launch myself up, swiftly gaining altitude and soaring
far above the ocean of treetops. I observed every quaking branch as I gently floated down and
chose a sturdy spruce to land on.

Edward joined me a second later.

"Walking so slow is maddening," I explained as I moved to sit down. "I don't know how you
do it."

Edward mirrored my movements. "We'll go hunting again tonight," he decided.

"I'd like that," I said with a grimace, touching my throat as though I could smother the caustic
flames slicing through my trachea like white-hot shrapnel. It was constant; never-ending;
only growing hotter the longer I went without blood. "I hunted yesterday but I already feel
desperately thirsty."

"It comes with the territory of being a newborn," Edward reminded me. "Perhaps you will get
lucky and chance upon another mountain lion."

"Hmm, perhaps I'll get lucky and you won't fight me for it," I teased.

"I could never," he chuckled. "Besides, Emmett will in all likelihood make you try something
new."

"As long as it's not deer," I said with a petulant scowl.

"That, I'm afraid, is unavoidable," Edward lamented. "But it does the job."

"Hmph."

"Look on the bright side," he teased me. "We can have a real race this time."

I huffed out an unexpected laugh. "You just want to win, you sore loser!"

Edward shrugged, expression unapologetic.

"Unbelievable," I said, still laughing.

Suddenly, his smug expression morphed into a grimace and I looked to him in question.

"They're back," he explained. "Rosalie wishes to speak with you."

The blistering anger from last night reignited forcefully, magma churning through my chest,
as intense as the first moment I'd felt it.

I locked my muscles in place. No matter how angry she'd made me, I refused to hurt her. I
wouldn't do it. Not again.

"What does she want?" I asked curtly.
"She wants to make her position in all this clear," he sighed. "And she refuses to wait any
longer."

I frowned.

"I can speak for myself perfectly well, Edward," Rosalie cut in, appearing at the base of our
tree.

I gazed down at her through the gaps of swaying leaves and branches, a small speck far
below. Her stance was determined, but she remained on the ground, waiting.

"Isabella?"

I lifted my eyes back towards Edward. "I don't mind," I told him. Although part of me didn't
want to acknowledge the situation at hand, I also knew that that wasn't fair to Rosalie. She
had taken over caring for my children when I was unable to. Whether she had done it for
selfish reasons or not didn't matter. She still deserved my thanks.

"I'll remain nearby," Edward assured me, briefly squeezing my hand. He then vaulted down
with a graceful twist of his body, quietly landing on the ground below and darting off into the
surrounding forests.

Rosalie leaped up, smoothly taking his place at my side.

"Isabella," she greeted me kindly. "How are you feeling today?"

"Just peachy," I said blandly.

"You're still angry with me," she said. "I don't understand."

I scowled, fingers curling around the tree branch, causing strips of bark to shatter and splinter
off. "Never speak to Edward like that again," I snarled, recalling her words from last night
with frigid clarity. "It was my decision to not tell him about the hybrids."

"I see." Rosalie sounded hurt, but I could hardly find it in myself to care when I was so
focused on not falling back to my baser instincts. I refused to attack her the same way I had
Leah. She didn't deserve that, no matter how infuriating she could be. "I am sorry, Isabella.
You have always had a more realistic view of motherhood than me. And we only have an
idea of what that vile girl put you through. You―none of those poor girls deserved that. I am
sorry we couldn't protect you."

My grip relaxed and I breathed. "I know," I said. "Thank you, Rosalie."

"About the children―"

"Don't worry," I assured her sadly. "I won't interfere."

Rosalie frowned. "What do you mean?"
"I know this is your dream," I said. "And I'm hardly in a state to be much of a mother. I'm not
even sure if I'll ever be ready for it. So, you don't have to worry about me interfering."

Her voice was flat when she asked, "Is that the impression I gave you?"

I turned to look at her. "Isn't this what you wanted?"

"Isabella," she began tersely, "Lillianne and Vivianno may be children, but they are far more
intelligent than that. They already know who their mother is."

I stared at her.

"And even if they didn't, I wouldn't openly steal them away from you," she said in a cutting
voice. "I may be a lot of things Isabella, but a child thief is not one of them."

When I didn't, couldn't, say anything, she huffed a small sigh. "But obviously, I am more than
willing to care for them," she continued. "Until you are ready."

"Ready?" Though I could hear the chiming sound of my voice perfectly well, it felt foreign,
distant.

"I know it feels impossible now," she said. "I know it all too well. But you will learn control.
In a few months, a year at most, none of this will feel so all-consuming. You will grow
accustomed, your strength will wane, your hunger will temper, and you will feel a little bit
more like your old self."

I couldn't respond, mouth welded shut.

"Like Edward said, I wanted to make my place in all this clear to you," she reaffirmed
quietly. "I'll see you back at home."

With that, she launched herself back down to the forest floor, landing with an elegant stride
and vanishing back in the direction of the house.

I didn't have to wait long for Edward to return and reclaim his place at my side.

"You're still upset," he noted sadly. "What is it?"

It took me a long time to unglue my lips.

"You heard Rosalie," I said, expecting for my voice to catch. But it sounded as clear as ever, a
glistening bell. "She'll only take care of them until my newborn period ends."

Unexpectedly, Edward smiled. "I know it's not an easy choice to make, love," he said. "But
remember, you don't have to choose motherhood at all. Rosalie will always be willing to
remain a surrogate."

I frowned. "Then why would she…?"
"Because," he explained, without needing me to elaborate, "Rosalie wants to keep your
options open. The children already know who their birth mother is, but as a newborn vampire
you need to maintain a modicum of distance for the next year. It's as justifiable a reason as
any; one that gives you time to consider the matter further."

"And why couldn't she have said that?"

"It's Rosalie," Edward said, as though it should've been obvious. "She's never one to offer the
easy way out."

"No," I agreed dejectedly. "Of course not."

I had assumed that the choice had already been made for me. And maybe I should've been
relieved it wasn't.

But in reality, all I felt was a cold apprehension, a heaviness in my chest.

"Come," he said, turning to leap back down. "Leah will be here soon."

"Leah?" I repeated, springing after him. "She's coming today?"

We bounded through the forest in a swift and easy run. "Yes, she called and said she would
come over after school."

"I hope she's not too angry with me," I sighed as we launched back out into the open field and
towards the house.

Soon, we arrived and entered through the glass doors of the first floor where Jasper, Alice,
and Emmett were already gathered. Upstairs, I could hear Rosalie moving about in her room.
With a start, I realized she was…feeding them.

The children were being fed blood. Human blood to be exact.

Sharp, red-hot knives pierced the muscles of my throat and raked down in explosive agony.

It would be so easy to go upstairs and take it from her. So easy to have a taste. Much easier
than escaping a house full of vampires and slaughtering the nearby town. Would it taste as
luscious as Edward remembered it to be? I tried to imagine it―devouring a gory mouthful of
sweet, sweet blood―

Hands gripped me firmly on either side, Edward and Jasper caging me less than a second
after the thought had crossed my mind.

"Isabella," Alice admonished. "Leah will be here in exactly one minute. She will not be
happy if she arrives to find you drowning yourself in blood bags."

I swallowed reflexively, venom sliding down my dry, aching throat. "Sorry."

Not that it made it any less tempting. But the reminder of Leah's imminent arrival helped to
clear the fog of bloodlust. I very pointedly ignored the gnawing hunger that burned and
throbbed, demanding blood.

"Now that'd be a sight," Emmett snorted, cheerful as ever.

"Indeed," Edward agreed tersely, both he and Jasper releasing me but keeping close. "Alice,
do you have the mask?"

"Of course," Alice sniffed, pulling out a piece of black fabric from the pocket of her dress.
"What do you take me for?"

She then skipped forward and presented me with a facemask. "It's not foolproof," she said.
"You'll still be able to smell her, but my scent will provide a bit of a barrier. I hope you find
this helpful."

"Thank you, Alice," I said with a smile and accepted the mask, carefully stretching it open
and hooking the loops behind my ears, Alice's sweet floral smell engulfing my nostrils. "All
good now?"

"Remember, Iz," Emmett wagged his finger at me, "Leah is a friend, not doggy kibble. So
keep your teeth to yourself."

"Very funny, Em," Jasper said dryly and guided me over to sit on the couch. "Do you
remember what I told you yesterday?"

"You need to start learning how to think things through."

"Crystal," I assured him as Edward joined me on my other side. "Any other advice?"

"Try to breathe as little as possible," Alice chimed and ran off, calling, "She's here!"

Emmett parked himself on the staircase, likely remaining a deterrent to keep me from the
bags of human blood stored upstairs.

Outside, I heard the shudder and rumble of a car parking out front. The accompanying sound
of a beating heart was less inviting for once. I recalled all too vividly the rancid smell of wolf
blood.

"Leah!" Alice called out, standing at the threshold of the front door. "Thank you for calling
ahead of time."

"Yeah, well, lesson learned, remember?" Leah scoffed as she approached, voice a guttural
contrast to Alice's bell-like ring. "Where's my favorite tick-for-brains at?"

"In here," Alice said, gesturing for her to enter.

This time, I was prepared, lungs full of clean air, breath held, and the recollection of her less-
than-appetizing blood to keep me in place. The memory of her was a mirage―a hazy shadow
of a tall, slim girl with long, glossy, dark hair and even darker eyes. But the Leah that entered
the house was no different from yesterday―feathered layers of hair fluttering against her
jawline, lethal muscles rippling under dark bronze skin, tall as a mountain and just as strong.
Lead by Alice, she crossed the open room, approaching me with all the caution of a
bulldozer, gaze unflinching and stride confident.

She then paused before the living area, resting her hands on her hips and eyeing me keenly.
Alice ducked around her, moving to perch on the couch adjacent to us.

And to my shock, Leah said, "Sorry I barged in on you yesterday. Are you okay?"

"…I'm fine," I said, a belated response. "You're not still angry with me?"

Leah snorted and moved to sit on the couch opposite of me, throwing herself back without a
care and sinking into the cushions. "I came back, didn't I? Besides, that one's on me. But if
you try ripping my throat out again, I won't be so kind."

Behind my mask, my mouth split into an involuntary grin. "Understood."

Leah flashed me a toothy smile and then shifted on the couch, leaning forward and resting her
forearms against her thighs. "I'm glad to see you're somewhat well," she said, a little more
sober. "You put us through hell these past few weeks, Isabella. The fact that I'm relieved to
see you in all your pasty-faced blood-deficient cannibalistic state should be telling."

"Thanks, I think," I said wryly. "It's good to see you too, Leah."

It was at this moment that I finally ran out of breath to speak. I locked my muscles in
anticipation and inhaled slowly.

Immediately, her strong, musty odor slammed against Alice's sugary scent like a thick wall,
coating my throat, pervading my airways, causing each olfactory nerve to flare up in alarm, a
fierce warning of the danger she posed.

"You need to start learning how to think things through."

I carefully breathed around every predatory instinct that called for Leah's blood and said, "I'm
glad you came today."

"You're the only one," Leah said with a grin. "How are you holding up? Drinking enough
animal blood?"

"Truthfully, I could drink some more," I said, wrinkling my nose. "I'm always hungry now."

"Hah! You're telling me," Leah said. "I'm eating my parents out of house and home as we
speak. Did'ya meet the little leeches yet? Those tiny monsters are practically gluttonous."

It hit me like a battering ram. If Renesmée could be imprinted on by Jacob, then so could
Lillianne and Vivianno. But in this version, Jacob was not the wolf shifter. Leah was.

I stared at Leah. "Did you?"

But any ounce of devotion I sought was nonexistent in Leah's eyes. "Uh, yeah," she said,
looking at me oddly. "One of the little suckers tried to bite me though, so I'll keep my
distance if it's all the same to you. At least until they're house trained."

My sudden bout of laughter seemed to shock everyone, but I hardly cared. "Never change,
Leah."

"Uh, thanks?" Her smile was pleased, if slightly confused.

Eventually though, my humor subsided and I gazed at her with apprehension as I recalled the
reason why I wanted to speak with her in the first place.

"Tell me," I said. "What happened? Why did you shift so soon?"

Her expression darkened. "It was my choice."

My eyes widened with shock. "You chose to shift?"

"Of course I did," Leah said, as though it should have been obvious. "You were missing and
everything was going to hell. I wasn't going to just sit by and maybe hope that this lot would
find you. So, I shifted."

"But…now you're in Sam's pack," I said dejectedly.

"The hell I am. I fucking left," Leah declared with a triumphant gleam in her eye. "It wasn't
easy, but if Jacob could do it in whatever messed up future you saw, then so can I."

I smiled widely in disbelief. "Only you, Leah."

"You got that right," Leah said with no small amount of confidence. "And tracking you down
was a shit show. I only wish I could've killed that bitch myself."

The mention of Serena felt like whiplash, stealing all the air from the room. Everyone, with
the exception of Leah, turned to me with troubled eyes, awaiting my reaction.

I kept my gaze on Leah. "Thank you, Leah. For helping to save me."

"Well now we're monster besties for life, so get used to it," Leah said rather flippantly, easing
the tension in the room. "And what's this I hear about you having creepy seer abilities?"

"Oh, that," I said, feeling sheepish all of a sudden. "Basically, I can read you like a book―"

"Book-reader!" Emmett abruptly exclaimed, leaning forward against the stairway railing. "I
like that! That's a way better name than whatever garbage Carlisle came up with."

"Huh? Carlisle?"

Beside me, Edward smirked. "Carlisle dubbed your gift 'tactile clairvoyance.' Emmett wasn't
a fan."

I rolled my eyes. "I don't think 'book-reader' sounds any better. It makes me sound like a
cheesy comic book supervillain."
  Emmett snickered. "Don't worry, Iz. We'll work on it."

  "Or," Leah added, smirking in my direction. "We could stick with 'fortune cookie.'"

  "That's way cuter," Alice chirped.

  "Fortune cookie?" Emmett repeated. "Nah, that sounds more like Alice. Besides, Isabella's
  gift doesn't allow her to know the future like before…does it?"

  "No it doesn't," I assured them. "Though there are possibilities that remain unfulfilled, so
  we'll see."

  "Hell yeah!"

  "Emmett, no, we don't want that," Jasper huffed.

  "Whatever," Emmett waved him off. "Speaking of abilities, what about your shield? Think
  you can keep my thoughts safe from Edward finally?"

  All five of them turned to me expectantly.

  Like riding a bicycle, the stretchiness of my rubber band was a familiar sensation. The act of
  pushing it out was practically instinctual, until I encompassed everyone in the room except
  for Edward.

  "Well?" Emmett demanded.

  Edward breathed an astonished laugh. "That is most impressive, love."

  I beamed.

  "Sweet," Emmett decided, launching himself over the railing. "We're taking this outside."

  Always game, Leah was the first to jump up and follow. And though it wasn't easy, my
  hunger and predatory urges were an instinct that I could continue to keep under control as we
  all stood and headed outside, a little too willing to go along with yet another one of Emmett's
  schemes. For the moment, all was well.



Chapter End Notes



    Just one more chapter to go :)

    And happy three year anniversary everyone! I can't believe a whole three years have
    passed since I first published this fic, but here we are, 200k+ words later! THANK YOU
    SO MUCH FOR 8K KUDOS, 300K HITS, AND 4K SUBSCRIBERS!!! Y’all are
    INCREDIBLE!! <3
Please accept this absurdly long chapter as my anniversary gift to you.

And as always, thank you for reading! Be sure to drop a comment please! :3
             Chapter 60: Let the Pacific Laugh be on My Epitaph
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Without sleep, the days and nights fused into one timeless blur. The thirst for blood never
   abated; it remained constant, brutal. I hunted a lot. And when I wasn't hunting, it was all I
   could think about.

   My strength remained similarly barbaric. For all the ease with which I learned, it only took
   one thoughtless moment to rip a door off its hinges or crush a remote in the palm of my hand.
   The intense mood swings hardly helped with that. On the bright side, I hadn't destroyed any
   more walls. And Emmett was all too happy to test the limits of my strength and shielding
   (outside of the house as per Esme's rules.)

   Such was the life of a newborn vegetarian vampire. And before I realized it, over three weeks
   had passed since I had risen from the flames.

   "No looking!" Alice admonished, when my eyes nearly strayed towards the mirror of her
   grand bathroom.

   Anger pricked in my chest, but by now, I had learned to rein it in. Instead, I merely glared up
   at her. "What's the hold up?"

   "Perfection takes time," Alice sang as she continued to arrange the mass of curls gathered on
   my right side. "Now, close your eyes please."

   I grudgingly did as asked, irritated by her insistence on secrecy. The reason for dolling me up
   had yet to be revealed, but I didn't imagine it could be for anything significant. I was
   essentially on house arrest for the next decade.

   Bristles swept gently across my eyelids as Alice began applying my makeup.

   "Have you thought about what I said?" she asked.

   "Alice, you're the one who loves planning parties," I reminded her patiently. "I doubt my
   opinion on whatever theme you choose will make much of a difference."

   That, and Alice was pretty stubborn once she reached a decision. Hence, the reason why I sat
   inside her bathroom, allowing her to style my hair and do my makeup with no real
   justification.

   "Unlikely," Alice tutted. "Don't sell yourself short, Isabella. You have great taste!"

   The party in question was a joint celebration for Alice and Edward next month for their 104th
   birthday. According to the birthdate on Alice's gravestone back in Mississippi, she and
   Edward had been born merely one day apart. Emmett had concluded that this was the reason
   why they were both so insufferable.
But, it was the first time Alice would get to celebrate her birthday on her actual birthdate, so
we were all trying our best to be supportive. I just hadn't expected that she would allow
anyone a say in the actual party planning. (Not even Edward.)

"Thanks," I said. "I'll think more on it then. Promise."

"I'll hold you to that!" Alice said with a cheer. "No, don't smile, Isabella. I need to apply your
lipstick."

With a fresh brush swiping my lips, I was unable to make a retort.

At last, she announced, "All done!"

I opened my eyes. "Can I see now?"

"No," she said, shooting me a warning look. "We have to get you dressed first. Rosalie!"

Rosalie materialized at the threshold of the bathroom door within a fraction of a second.

I gaped. "There's no way in hell."

A familiar indigo blue gown was draped across her arms, a sheer bodice decorated with small
flowers and layers of a ruffled skirt trailing down and hovering just above the tiled floor.

I whirled and shot Alice another glare. "Prom, Alice?! Really?"

"Of course," she huffed delicately. "What did you think you were getting ready for?"

My jaw dropped. "In case anyone here has forgotten, I'm supposed to be dead!"

Neither seemed perturbed by my outburst. In fact, Rosalie looked exasperated. "Yes, Isabella,
we're aware."

"But that would never stop us," Alice giggled deviously. "Now get up. It's time to get
dressed!"

"Insane," I muttered, but did as I was told. "Utterly insane."

Rosalie and Alice cared little for my disbelief, both focused on stripping me down to my
underwear and shifting my limbs this way and that as though I were a mere doll, fitting me
with a deep blue corset pulled snug against my stone flesh and draping the gown overtop.
They then switched out my casual gloves with a glistening set of pearly silk.

"Shoes!" Alice called, gesturing for me to sit once more.

Rosalie vanished and returned, a familiar pair of Jimmy Choo's in hand. They each took a
platform heel and kneeled down to slip them onto my feet, buckling the ankle strap, gold-
painted toes peeking out at the small opening.
"Oh, these are perfect," I said, admiring the smooth velvet texture of my shoes, color the
perfect shade of indigo to match my dress.

"Aren't they?" Alice sighed adoringly and flew to her feet. "Okay," she said and eyed me
critically from the top of my head to the soles of my Jimmy Choo's. "It's official. You're
stunning."

"Agreed," Rosalie said winningly and gestured for me to stand. "Take a look, Isabella."

I stood, carefully distributing my weight across my beautiful, but delicate, shoes and turned.

I blinked, but the tall breathtaking beauty reflected in the mirror did not vanish. She was me.

Alice had taken my flat hair and curled it to perfection, intricately braiding the entire left side
of my scalp and allowing the mass of shining dark curls to fall over the top of my forehead
and cascade over my right shoulder, contrasting appealingly against my crystallized skin. The
makeup was simple, glittery black eyeliner that emphasized brilliant ruby eyes and dark red
lipstick that brought attention to the fullness of my lips.

The sweetheart neckline of the dress was low and off the shoulders, sheer sleeves that flowed
prettily and gathered at the wrists. Small white and yellow wildflowers clustered across the
top of the neckline and tapered down the sleeves and bodice like constellations. The thick
indigo fabric of the skirt flared out at the waist, curling layers that showed an incredible
amount of leg, cut short above the knee and draping to the tops of my heels at the back.

Full red lips pulled back into a dazzling smile.

"Thank you," I said, both astonished and deeply pleased with the divine being reflected in the
mirror. And then, my smile dimmed. "But I still can't attend prom."

"No," Alice agreed, reaching over and squeezing my hand. "Not our prom."

"What is this for then?"

"This is for you," Rosalie said, appearing on my other side and taking my hand. "And for
Edward."

"He's waiting for you downstairs," Alice said.

Butterflies broke out in my stomach. "Then I guess I shouldn't keep him waiting," I decided,
shooting Rosalie and Alice a grateful smile. "Thank you again."

"Just go enjoy yourself," Rosalie huffed, ushering me out the bathroom door.

"And be kind to your dress!" Alice called.

"I will," I called back, exiting Alice's bedroom. I strode down the hallway carefully, heels
clicking gently against hardwood, unwilling to ruin all of Alice's hard work with my newborn
nonsense.
It was when I reached the top of the second floor landing, that I saw Edward standing down
below at the foot of the staircase.

My breath caught in my throat.

His countenance shone like a white flame, the flawless skin of his face luminous as a pearl,
the vivid gold of his eyes shimmering suns, hair tidy and glistening like copper jewels. He
stood tall, dressed in a formal black tuxedo that emphasized the broadness of shoulders, his
slim waist, his long legs. He looked like a dream.

I glided down the stairs, captivated by his gaze, unwilling to keep my distance for a moment
longer.

When I drew closer, Edward reached up and took my hand, long fingers wrapping around my
palm and pressing against the thin silk of my white gloves. "You look exquisite," he
murmured, pulling me close and pressing his mouth against mine in a brief, but firm, kiss.

For once, the bloodlust was all but forgotten.

But he pulled back too quickly for my liking. "Are you ready to go, love?"

I reached up with my other hand and cupped his jaw, gazing at him with tender eyes. "Yes, I
am."

His lips curled into a devastating, crooked grin. "You're not going to ask where we're going?"

I smiled and breathed, "I'd follow you anywhere, my love."

For an instance, he grew unfocused, wholly captivated by me. A thrill shot through me at the
sight, knowing that I could elicit such a reaction from this beautiful being.

"Edward?" I said, tilting my head at him, my smile growing wider.

Edward blinked, shaking the dazed look from his eyes, before reaching forward and gently
scooping me up in his arms, my dress swaying and trailing down past the firm grip of his
fingers on my thighs.

"Hold on," he warned me with a roguish grin. And then, we were flying.

We leaped past the open glass doors at the back, across the field, over the river, and into the
forest. The gloom was setting in, but the greenery and woodland remained vivid to my eyes.
Edward set us on a twisting route, taking care to follow the wider paths that would keep
spiking branches from snagging at my dress.

My gaze didn't wander for long before settling back upon Edward's face. His gleaming hair
had already tumbled out of its neat arrangement and into a windblown disarray that made him
all the more attractive. And his sharp grin was still in place, eyes glowing with anticipation.

At last, my curiosity was piqued, but before I could inquire of our plans, he turned to me and
requested, "Close your eyes, please?"
I smiled and did as asked. "Are we here?"

"Almost."

Without my sight, I couldn't help but focus on my other senses, listening closely, tasting the
air. And for a moment, I could find nothing that I didn't already anticipate―the cool scent of
wet earth and vegetation, branches scraping against one another, the quickening fearful breath
of the small creatures we passed by.

But then, Edward slowed beneath me and I was assailed with new stimuli―the sweetened
fragrance of many flowers, a lush whiff of satin, the warm incense of burning candlewicks,
the gentle hum of electricity.

Finally, we came to a stop and Edward set me gently on my feet, air displacing near my face
as he reached forward and adjusted my windblown curls back into place.

Once he was satisfied, I felt him move to stand behind me. And then, he murmured, "You can
open your eyes."

When I did so, I almost didn't recognize our meadow.

I gazed around me in wonder.

The tree trunks hedging the perfectly circular plot were wrapped in strings of twinkling fairy
lights. They trailed up to the higher boughs and stretched out over the small expanse of the
meadow, hooked between opposing branches, creating an artificial web of starlight above us.

White ribbons of satin draped in layers from the lower branches, interweaved with hundreds
of cascading cerulean hydrangeas and baby's breath, coating the air with its luscious perfume.
Stacks of candlelit lanterns dotted the edges of the meadow, casting a warm glow over soft
green moss and clusters of wildflowers.

My voice was thick with emotion. "You did all this?"

"With a lot of help from Alice and Jasper," Edward said warmly, standing close at my back
and balancing a hand against my hip. "Alice decided we shouldn't get to miss out on prom
tonight. I agreed."

"It really is tonight?"

The memories of planning for prom felt so distant; echoes of Alice, Esme, and I designing
my dress, glimpses of its half-constructed form displayed on one of Alice's mannequins,
finding the perfect shoes while shopping in Seattle. I had been so eager to attend, but I hadn't
imagined it would look like this. None of us had.

"Yes, it is," Edward said as I twisted around to face him. I watched curiously as he lifted his
arm above his head, reaching up towards a low-hanging branch and grasping something made
of cheap plastic, coated in metallic silver and shimmering rhinestones―a fake crown hooked
next to a blue waterfall of hydrangeas. "And this is for you."
I laughed. "Prom queen? I'm flattered."

Edward smiled sadly as he crowned me, ensnaring the jagged ends into my braids and curls.
"It's from your friends."

A sudden curtain fell over my expression, a strange ache blooming in my chest. "My
friends?"

"Jessica is on the student council," he explained, hands dropping down and gently sliding
over my arms, until his fingers tenderly gripped my elbows. "She's the one who convinced
them to elect you prom queen in your honor. It wasn't difficult."

I shut my eyes, features pained. "Of course she did."

I had spent a long time reviewing my journals, committing every clouded human moment to
memory. So, I remembered Jessica. I remembered all of them. But I would never get to see
them again. I had lost more than my humanity―I had lost my friends. And now, when I
couldn't shed even a single tear, all I could do was follow Rosalie's advice on how to grieve
while trapped inside this cold prison of a body.

"Don't ignore it. Don't let it fester. Process the pain; ride it out. And when you embrace it in
all its agonizing truth, it'll give way to reprieve."

It wasn't so different from what I'd done the first time I'd broken down in front of Carlisle.
But this time, I didn't try to force the tears; they would never come. Instead, I allowed the
pain to surge and grip me, a tightening fist around my static heart, fissures cracking and
webbing across its stone surface, crumbling in on itself.

I had loved my human friends. Both in this life and in the last. It wasn't fair that they were
taken from me so abruptly. It wasn't fair that I had to die again and again. For everything I
had gained in Edward and our family, I had lost a lot. And it hurt so damn much that for a
moment, I feared I would never resurface from under the grating force of grief and regret
pulverizing my chest to dust.

But I could only pity myself for so long. The reality was, they would be okay. I would be
okay. My death had hurt many, including myself, but it was not the end of the world.

For me, it was only the beginning.

I opened my eyes and met Edward's mournful gaze. "I hope crowning a dead girl at prom
didn't totally kill the mood."

Edward cracked a small smile, his grip on my arms easing. "Emmett spiked the punch again.
They'll loosen up relatively soon."

I laughed. "I'm counting on it," I said and stepped backwards into the meadow, pulling him
along with me. "But for now, I think it's time you taught me some of your fancy ballroom
dancing moves."
"Hmm, we will have to keep it simple," Edward said with an indulgent smile. "We wouldn't
want to accidentally destroy this setup."

"No, I guess not," I giggled.

With a grin, Edward reached into his pocket and at the sound of a button being clicked, music
gushed out from a set of speakers hidden amongst the foliage.

Edward didn't bother to ease me into the next sequence of steps. Hands blurring with speed,
he grabbed me and lead me in a lively dance, spinning us across the soft grass with light
footsteps, liberally swinging me one way and then tossing me another way, twirling me under
his arm one moment and dipping me the next.

Following the beat of the music meant that we weren't moving as fast as we were capable of
and I easily kept up, effortlessly picking up his patterns and following his lead like I'd been
professionally dancing my entire life. I laughed more than I ever had since I'd become a
vampire, the crippling thirst feeling inconsequential when faced with Edward's radiant smile,
his arms anchoring me, his sweet breath fanning across my face and encompassing my
senses. We could've danced until the morning and I would never have tired. But eventually,
the music shifted to a slower, more romantic rhythm and Edward adjusted our footsteps
accordingly, a gentle sequence that required more swaying than moving.

The symphony of his voice, sweeter than the music itself, broke our contented silence. "If I
ask you something, will you tell me the truth?"

"Hm?" I lifted my head from where it rested against his shoulder and gazed up at him
curiously. "What could you possibly want to know?"

"There are many things," he assured me. "And you do not always share easily."

"I'll tell you whatever you want to know," I promised him. "The time for secrets has long
passed."

"Do you remember the day you came over to our house and you revealed some of the things
that might take place?"

"Hmm, vaguely," I admitted. It was easier to recall Edward's memories, but they helped to
clarify my own. That day, I had shared with them the events of New Moon, along with the
consequences of gaining the Volturi's attention.

"You said something to Rosalie then. That there were other things; things based on decisions
that hadn't yet been made."

"Ah," I said with a pang of regret in my chest. "Yes, I think Carlisle later asked me about that
as well. I wish I had told him the truth then. Maybe it would've made things easier for you
all."

"Why is that?"
For a long moment, I didn't answer him. His eyes held mine, curious and patient, willing to
wait for as long as necessary.

I stepped back, away from the comfort of his arms.

"Isabella?"

I shifted my gaze away from his, staring at a stack of candlelit lanterns at the other end of the
meadow, flames flickering, refracting warmly against metal and glass. When the music faded
and gave way to silence, I said, "The person you want to ask about is Renesmée." The
shimmering bell of my voice felt too loud in the quiet of night.

"Renesmée," Edward said the name slowly, tongue wrapping clumsily around it. "That's…
unique. Is she someone important?"

"She doesn't exist."

And though I was not especially sad about it, I wondered if Edward would be. I had made my
choice, never allowing him a say, keeping him ignorant. I had thought I knew his position in
this. And maybe I still did. But now, Lillianne and Vivianno had taken her place. Would it
pain him to know that it could've been different?

"Why not?"

Those two words lanced through my chest like a knife.

Because I thought I knew better. Because I thought I could defeat fate. Because I never told
you the whole truth, even when you begged me to.

"Because…"

Suddenly, Edward was standing before me again, hands cupping my bare shoulders and
guiding me away from the heart of the meadow. He lead me over to a fallen tree trunk
covered in patches of moss and wildflowers and gently pushed me to sit down, though there
was no physical relief from the change in position.

He sat beside me and took my hand. "Who was she meant to be?" he asked instead.

"Our daughter."

The truth sat between us, a bitter, misshapen thing that clogged our ears and coated our
vision; a future I had cruelly discarded without knowing just how brutal the consequences
would be.

"We had a daughter?" he asked with an undertone of incredulity.

"In a different world, yes," I said dully.

"Why did you never tell me?"
"I thought we would have more time. I'm sorry."

He squeezed my hand. "Don't be."

I turned to him cautiously. "You're not…upset? That she'll never exist?"

Edward's gaze was steady on me. "Are you?"

I lifted my shoulders in a helpless shrug and dropped my eyes. "It's like I said to Jasper…I
didn't want to carry a hybrid. As you saw, it's not an easy thing to do. And maybe in the
future, with Carlisle's support, it could've been doable and I might've changed my mind."

"But that choice was taken from you," he said bitterly.

"Renesmée was always an idea. She isn't real. Not to me," I confessed. "It's only ever been
my brother whom I've wanted back. He's the one I love, the one I raised. What I regret is that
I never gave you a choice in the matter."

"I have you, Isabella," Edward murmured. "That's all I ever truly cared about."

I lifted my head. "You're not upset, then?"

"Not in the least," he assured me with a soft smile. "If you had wanted it, I would have given
it to you with the guarantee that it could be done safely. But, I was turned at a young age.
Fatherhood was never a particular aspiration of mine."

"You mean to tell me that it isn't the dream of every seventeen-year-old to become a dad?" I
giggled.

"I can assure you that it is not. Trust me, I'm a mind-reader," he said with a wink.

"Of course," I laughed. "That's…good. I don't want you to feel like you were robbed of the
opportunity. I've already made too many mistakes."

"I don't feel that way," he reiterated firmly. "I do have to ask though. Why Renesmée?"

"Oh. I didn't name her."

"…Then who did?"

And that's what it came down to, wasn't it? Every choice Bella had made, had ensured her
happy fairy tale ending. As for me…

"Another secret?" Edward asked, when I didn't immediately answer.

I grimaced. "You were right," I finally said, "back when you figured out that my knowledge
was like following a storyline."

His eyes lit up with curiosity. "Yes, I recall. You refused to elaborate on that particular point."
"The truth is," I confessed, looking up at him warily, "back in my world, you and Bella did
exist. But not as living beings. You were storybook characters."

Edward stared blankly at me. "…What?"

"That's the big secret," I continued, averting my gaze and looking towards the web of
twinkling lights above us. "I never had any special gift of knowledge. I read a book as a
young girl. And when I died, I woke up in the beginning of the story as its main character."

"That's…"

"Yeah."

Edward remained pensive beside me, eyes lost in thought.

I could hardly blame him. I imagined being told you were simply a character in a fictional
story was not the greatest feeling. It was considerably humbling to be thought of as nothing
but words on a page; something to be set aside and eventually forgotten.

What I didn't expect for him to ask was, "Who was your favorite character?"

Cool venom climbed up my cheeks in a pale imitation of a blush. Still, I admitted, "You, of
course."

Edward grinned crookedly. "Incredible," he said. "You'd be my favorite too, of course."

"I'm flattered," I snorted.

"What was the name of the story?"

At the question, my heart warmed with nostalgia. "It was called Twilight."

Edward appeared startled by my admission.

"What is it?"

"Oh. No, it's nothing." He frowned. "But the title…it's rather melancholy, don't you think?"

I thought back to the book. I could barely recall its particular sets of dialogue, but his current
attitude and words were familiar, as though I'd read about it already.

"Why do you say that?" I asked.

Edward smiled wistfully. "Twilight is the safest time of day for us. But also the saddest, in a
way," he explained, voice quiet and thoughtful. "For our kind, who need no rest, day and
night can easily blur into one endless existence. But I suppose, for me, it's a reminder that
endings do exist."

It occurred to me then, the titles of the saga had always been a representation of Edward, not
Bella.
I gently squeezed his hand. "Not with us," I said. "Never for us," I promised.

But for Forks, the ending drew all the nearer.

"When will we go?" I asked. Although I didn't wish to split the family up, I understood that it
was safer for me to reside in the wilderness of Calgary. But until Rosalie, Jasper, and Emmett
graduated and Carlisle's employment was officially terminated, they would be forced to
remain here, for the sake of appearances.

"Soon," Edward assured me with a sad smile. "There is one last thing I need to do, before we
leave Forks."


The following day, they identified my body.

Well, not my body. But the body of the person they'd chosen to impersonate me with,
destroyed beyond recognition. It had been left in a ditch somewhere in the middle of rural
Oregon with falsely planted DNA that would eventually be traced back to me. And though it
had already been discovered sometime back, it was only then that the body had been
identified and Charlie would receive the call.

By the end of the week, my funeral was arranged.

"We're upwind," I said, voice the slightest bit muffled by the black facemask stretched over
my mouth and nose. "Is this really necessary?"

I tried not to gag, Leah's wolf stench flooding my airways with each shallow breath, rotten
and foul in every way imaginable.

"It's meant to curb your hunger," Jasper cheekily replied from where he sat beside me on the
thick bough of a swaying hemlock, a hundred feet above ground.

"I'm still hungry you bastard," I hissed, swiping at him.

Jasper expertly caught my gloved hand. "Time and place, Iz," he admonished me.

"Right. Sorry," I mumbled, dropping my gaze to the people dotting the cemetery, small as
ants. It was a typical gloomy day, skies a solid, dark gray and a low fog creeping along the
forest ground. Not that it did much to obscure my vision of the goings-on below. The funeral
had been held at the church pastored by Angela's dad, so the graveside service was the only
thing I could watch from a safe distance. All the Cullens, with the exception of Rosalie and
Jasper, were in attendance. The Hale twins were reportedly sick, so that they could babysit
me (the newborn vampire) and the actual twins (also the actual newborns, though they
appeared closer to the age of two with every passing day.)

As my casket was carried in, Jasper began to point out the pallbearers to me. "Those were
Bella's parents," he said, gesturing towards the leading pair, each appearing on the verge of
collapse. "That's Charlie and Renée, and behind her is her husband Phil, but I don't think you
ever met him."
"No," I agreed, barely glancing at the stranger, my eyes caught on Charlie. My memories of
him were dim, but even I could tell that he didn't look quite the same, grief dragging him
down with every step. Renée didn't look much better. And though I hardly remembered her, it
was her eyes that were oddly familiar to me, their blue shade not far removed from that of the
twins'.

"Behind him is Reverend Weber, Angela's dad," he continued. "And the one in the wheelchair
is Billy Black, the tribe's chief. I'm sure you remember his son Jacob, and behind him, that's
obviously Leah. The rest of the ones carrying your casket are some of the kids from school.
That's Mike, and that's Tyler, and that's―"

"I know her," I cut in, heart growing strangely sore in my chest. "That's Jessica."

She was nearly overshadowed by the tall boys surrounding her. But despite her tiny stature,
she gripped onto the casket handle stubbornly, helping to carry it, tears dripping down her
pale cheeks.

The air hitched strangely in my throat, fingers abruptly digging into the bough where we sat,
detonating a small explosion of wood chips.

"Isabella," Jasper warned me in a low voice.

"Sorry," I mumbled, blinking away the thickening of venom across my eyes and loosening
my grip, wishing the regret in my heart weren't so piercing. She'd been the last person in
Forks to see me alive and now, she would never know that I'd survived; that I wasn't dead. At
least, not dead the way most of them believed me to be.

"Recuerda que vivir en el corazón de los que dejamos detrás de nosotros, no es morir."

I turned to Jasper with a start, eyes shot wide. His voice was sharp and crisp; a perfect
northern Mexican accent. He sounded like me. He sounded like home.

I smiled wistfully. "Thank you, Jasper."

The words eased away the cutting pain in my heart. And I wondered about where and why he
had picked up that particular phrase. ("Remember that to live in the hearts of those we leave
behind, is not to die.") Perhaps, I could ask him another time.

I turned back, purposefully losing Jessica in the crowd. I had already grieved her. Now, I had
to allow her time to grieve me.

Amongst our peers, I eventually found Angela and Lauren as well. But I could barely discern
the rest of my classmates, crying as they were. My memories of them were like smudges of
graphite on paper, one blurrier than the next. No sooner had I given up, that I finally
recognized another pair of faces.

Quil and Embry were also in attendance, appearing grim and subdued for once. But, like
Jacob and Leah, there was a brightness to their eyes that couldn't be completely snuffed out.
After all, they knew the truth. And it was them that I could bear to watch for the remainder of
my time here. Everyone else's grief was too raw, too bitter. Even the Cullens held themselves
with an air of regret, as though they could be faulted for any of this. And the creeping
reminder of another funeral, one that I hadn't (couldn't have) attended, hovered in the fringes
of my mind, tempting me with its cruelty. But just like I had with everyone else, I chose to
turn from it. My old family deserved to grieve for me as well and there was no sense in
wallowing in that.

But the boys, they were not sad, though they had to pretend otherwise. And I was glad for it.

As soon as the sermon was over and the casket lowered, I was ready to go. For all that Leah's
awful smell had kept me from wanting to breathe, it still didn't lessen the fiery hunger
cleaving open the back of my throat. Every heartbeat, every pulse, every pump of blood had
been cataloged in the back of my brain since the moment they had all arrived. And despite
the fact that I was desperately thirsty, I wasn't willing to unintentionally cause yet another
tragedy.

I was turning towards Jasper, when something caught the corner of my eye. I glanced back
down and frowned, trying to recall the familiarity of the face I saw. "Jazz, who is that woman
speaking to Edward?"

"I never met her myself," Jasper said, frowning thoughtfully and listening closely, but their
exchange remained vague. "It was Edward who arranged for her and her husband's
attendance though. I believe her name is Zee."

At the sound of her name, recognition lit up my eyes. Of course I knew her; I'd written about
her in my journals. And I owed her more than I could ever repay.

I smiled. "She doesn't look sad."

"No, she doesn't," Jasper agreed. "Care to explain that?"

"No," I said with a shake of my head. "We should go."

Simultaneously, we flew to our feet and vaulted away, far from the townspeople. Their time
for mourning had only just begun, but for me, it was time to move on.


Not long after, the others temporarily met us back at the house. While Edward ducked inside
to change out of his dark funeral attire, the rest swarmed around me on the front lawn with
cheerful farewells.

"I'll be attending the funeral reception with the others, but I'll still be arriving to Calgary long
before you two," Esme was reassuring me, holding me tightly as though we would be
separated for long. Unlike Edward and I, Esme's commute to their property in Calgary was a
little over four hours, including both flight travel and drive. But since I was nowhere near
close to being trusted inside an airplane, Edward and I would be taking the long way.

"I know, I remember," I said, gently squeezing her back. "I look forward to seeing you soon."
"Oh, I don't mean to be overbearing," Esme fretted as she pulled back.

"You're not, dear," Carlisle said warmly, tucking her against his side. "You're just being
prepared. And I'm sure I don't have to express just how much I'll miss you, Isabella."

I grinned and hugged them both. "I'll miss you too."

"Alright, alright! My turn!" Alice butted in. Once they released me from their embrace, Alice
gave me a critical once-over and tutted disapprovingly. "I told you to watch out for that
dratted foliage," she harrumphed, working to pick the leaves out of my hair.

"Whatever will I do without you, Alice?" I laughed.

"Look like you belong on one of those wilderness survival TV shows," she huffed, leaning
back once she was done, appearing satisfied with her work. "Anyway, just know I've already
sent plenty of clothing options ahead of you. And if you need any help accessorizing, you
know who to call."

I beamed and threw my arms around her. "I'm sure it'll be fabulous."

"Of course it will be, silly," she giggled, patting my back.

At last, I turned to Jasper. "Sad you're out of a job so soon?"

He snorted, tossing an arm around my shoulders. "Please. All I'm getting is a short break.
Eternity is a long time, after all."

I scowled up at him. "I'm not going to be a newborn for eternity!"

He arched an eyebrow, appearing mightily unimpressed. "Don't kid yourself, Iz. We chased
you around plenty as a human. Sure, growing past the newborn thing will make it a tad easier,
but I doubt it'll put an end to your nonsense."

"I never looked for trouble," I grumbled.

"No, but it did find you at every turn," Carlisle said, heaving an exasperated sigh.

Esme laughed. "Don't worry, sweet girl. We'll always look out for you."

I smiled gratefully. "Thank you. Really."

"Are you ready to go?"

I slipped out of Jasper's hold and turned to Edward, watching as he flew across the porch and
over to my side. I gazed up at him with a tender expression. "I am."

"Alice, don't forget her gift," Rosalie suddenly called.

We all glanced up, watching as Rosalie and Emmett came into view, appearing on the second
story balcony. Lillianne was securely balanced on Rosalie's hip, while Vivianno was draped
haphazardly over Emmett's shoulders, tiny fingers clinging to Emmett's curls; he didn't look
particularly happy with the arrangement.

I waved and Lillianne eagerly waved in return. Vivianno also recognized me, but he was too
busy hanging on for dear life to be able to confidently wave back.

"I didn't forget, Rose," Alice huffed, but obediently skipped back into the house, before
returning with a large white cardboard box in her arms.

I stared at the lidded box curiously. "What's all that?"

"Alice and I went back to your old place," Rosalie explained. "We picked out some things we
thought you might want to keep. Charlie didn't mind, since we told him they were gifts from
Edward. Don't worry though, it's all been aired out."

While she spoke, Jasper reached over Alice and lifted the lid for us to see.

Inside, was a collection of items, the biggest of which was a bright pink teddy bear. "Pepto!"
I squealed, being careful to pick him out of the box. I held him close. He was as soft as I
remembered.

The rest of the assortment included borrowed books from Edward, a mixed CD, movie ticket
stubs, a crown of wilted flowers, and my Cullen baseball cap. The only thing I didn't
recognize was the photo album tucked at the very bottom. The fabric swathing it was the
same shade of indigo as my prom dress and Isabella was beaded across it in large, looping
letters, framed with a smattering of yellow and white wildflowers.

"I made that with some help from your friend Jessica," Alice explained. "It's a photo album of
your time in Forks, short as it was. I hope it'll help you remember."

"Wow, Alice. I don't know what to say," I said, clinging all the more tightly to my stuffed
bear, extremely touched by her thoughtful gift.

"Thank you would be the appropriate response, I'm sure," Edward said teasingly as he lifted
the box from Alice's hands.

I smiled. "Thank you. I can't wait to take a look," I said to her, and turned to look up at
Rosalie. "And you as well, Rose."

"You're welcome," Rosalie mirrored my smile. "But don't get too comfortable in that cushy
mansion up there. We'll be joining you soon enough."

"And don't slack off either," Emmett huffed, while trying to keep a squirming Viv still on his
shoulders. "I'm beating you fair and square―newborn strength or no."

I rolled my eyes. "Whatever, Em."

"Alright, I believe all has been said," Carlisle decided, gazing over the lot of his family with
an indulgent expression. "But now, it is time for Edward and Isabella to depart. Drive safe
you two, and call us when you're home."
  The rest called out additional farewells as Edward and I climbed into the car. Even Lillianne
  chimed in with a well-spoken, "Bye-bye!"

  I waved to them all, until Edward drove deeper through the unpaved road and they all
  vanished amongst the grove of tall, swaying evergreens and a sweeping fog.

  I turned back in my seat to face forward as we merged onto the freeway, headlights cutting
  sharply through the fog and dancing brightly across the black, rain-slicked road. Music
  crooned softly from the speakers, soon joined by the gentle patter of rain.

  "What are you thinking about?"

  "I'm thinking," I confessed quietly, gazing into the twilight, "about how happy I am. About
  how," I said, turning to look at him instead, lit as he was by the pale dashboard lights in all
  his beauty and soft-spoken love, "you look like the rest of my life."

  He grinned crookedly and clasped his hand around mine. "Forever?"

  "Forever."

                                                  .

                                                  .

                                                  .

                                                 Fin



Chapter End Notes



    Hope you enjoyed the final chapter <3

    I have received various requests for a sequel throughout the writing of this story.
    Admittedly, I have plenty of ideas but I think I need a break. This is the longest work
    I’ve ever written in my life and it was fun, but also pretty draining, so I’m currently
    undecided. For now, I’ll go back to working on this story’s companion fics. I’ll also be
    going through and editing a bunch of SPAG errors I know are littering this fic, so if you
    wanna come back in a few weeks to re-download the edited version, feel free to!
    (Progress: Edited 3/60)

    Otherwise, thank you to everyone who’s been on this journey with me, both old and
    new! :3 I am still genuinely baffled by the amount of support I received while writing
    this fic, and I can assure you I would’ve hardly completed this without it. Originally, I
    wasn’t even going to publish this; I started writing this for the purposes of being utterly
    self-indulgent and working through my own trauma. But I’m happy that so many of you
    have enjoyed this story alongside me!
I especially want to thank you if you were a consistent commenter during the writing of
this story! Comments were my biggest encouragement and I still love going back and
reading everyone’s thoughts! <3

And a special shout out to Raviyoli for beta-reading the last leg of this fic! You were so
unbelievably helpful :)

Again, thank you! And I hope you liked the ending of this story! ^_^

P.S. I’m a dork and I made a music playlist for Isabella. Feel free to check it out if
you’re interested :)

P.P.S. Also, If you have any type of questions regarding this fic, I’ll still be answering
comments, so you’re always more than welcomed to ask :)
End Notes



    i have a tumblr now

    sequel headcanons



Works inspired by this one

  Fast Falls the Eventide, and I In It by Watermelonsmellinfellon

  Wicked Game by Digestive_cookie

  [Restricted Work] by SortaKindaMaybe

  Almost her? No by Joan_2807

  Rewrite the Stars by StarbeltConstellation

  A Second Beginning by pastalena

  A work in an unrevealed collection

      Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!
