A Gamer's Grand Journey
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/43545328.
Rating:
Archive Warnings:
Categories:
Fandoms:

Characters:

Additional Tags:
Language:
Stats:

Mature
Graphic Depictions Of Violence, Underage Sex
F/M, Multi
RWBY, Fate/stay night & Related Fandoms, Kill la Kill (Anime &
Manga), Undertale (Video Game), Pocket Monsters | Pokemon - All
Media Types, Fairy Tail, Highschool DxD (Anime), Fate/Grand Order,
Bleach (Anime & Manga), Naruto, ジョジョの奇妙な冒険 | JoJo no
Kimyou na Bouken | JoJo's Bizarre Adventure, 僕のヒーローアカデミ
ア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero Academia
Team RWBY, Raven Branwen, Vernal (RWBY), Salem (RWBY), Ozpin
(RWBY), James Ironwood, Roman Torchwick, Neopolitan (RWBY),
Toga Himiko, Dabi | Todoroki Touya, Mirajane Strauss, Olga Marie
Animusphere, Matoi Ryuuko, Kiryuuin Satsuki, Midoriya Izuku,
Uzumaki Naruto, Kurosaki Ichigo, Aizen Sousuke, Ruby Rose (RWBY),
Yang Xiao Long, Original Male Character(s), Natsu Dragneel, Hyoudou
Issei, Himejima Akeno, Rias Gremory, Rias Gremory's Peerage, Ophis
(Highschool DxD), Great Red (Highschool DxD), Vali Lucifer
Multiple Crossovers, POV First Person, Self-Insert
English
Published: 2022-12-11 Updated: 2026-07-06 Words: 669,704 Chapters:
43/?

A Gamer's Grand Journey
by Side_Man
Summary

Waking up in a white room instead of your bedroom is not normal, hearing a voice in your
head is not normal. But being chosen to be a Gamer is something that I'm all in for. Now all I
have to do is not abuse this power- oh who am I kidding? I'm going to break the universe in
two with this. I just have to not screw it up. Grey SI/OC. Eventual lemons.

Chapter 1: Prologue: An Offer you can't Refuse
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
I slowly open my eyes, only to be met by an unfamiliar ceiling and the sensation of a
different mattress. I rise from the bed and look around to see that I'm in some sort of empty
room with no windows or doors.
"Where the hell am I?" I look at my hand and clench it and then unclench it. It was
unnaturally cold. "Something doesn't feel right..." I look at the white ceiling. "Am I... dead?"
You would be correct.
"Gah!" I get spooked by the sudden voice and jump off the bed. "Wh- Who said that!?"
I did.
The voice was coming from everywhere, even in my own head. "Who are you? What are
you? What happened to me? Where is this place!?"
In that order: I do not have a name, I am simply an A.I. created for the sole purpose of
helping you in your transition to your new life. You have suffered a heart attack while
you were sleeping, your parents found you this morning and took you to the hospital
where you were pronounced dead. Finally, you are in the nexus where the earth and the
afterlife meet. You were brought here because you were chosen.
My face fell at the news. "Oh, so I really am dead..."
You seem... awfully calm about this, considering the situation.
"Would it be better if I was kicking, screaming, and cursing? It wouldn't bring me back to
life. Of course, not counting the shock that's keeping me calm right now." I explained.
As amusing as it would be to watch that happening, I'd rather get this along.
"Get what-"
Congratulations! You have been chosen to be the new host for the Gamer System.

I blink at the reveal. "Gamer System? You mean that gimmick in most fanfictions where the
OC gets all these broken skills and abilities along with a harem full of hot babes?" It was a
crude summary but I think it covered the term just fine.
Correct. I will guide you through the process so that you can get acquainted with the
system.
"Alright, let's get started." A screen suddenly pops in front of me.
Quest Alert!
Quest: Tutorial
Pretty self explanatory, yes?
Objective 1: Open Status Menu
Objective 2: Open Inventory
Objective 3: Create your character
Rewards: 1000 EXP, Skills, Perks, ?
"So my first quest is a tutorial quest." I look back and forth. "Um... how do I get started?"
The first step is to open your menu. Simply make a mental command or say "Status"
"Status." Immediately a long screen appears in front of me with information.
Name: ?
Title: The Gamer
Race: ?
Alignment: True Neutral
Level: 1
HP: 100
MP: 100
SP: 100
VIT: 10
STR: 10
DEX: 10

END: 10
INT: 10
WIS: 10
MAG: 10
LUK: 10
CHA: 10
Money: 0
I am completely in shock, this is real! This is an actual status screen! A REAL status screen!
"Haha! This is awesome!" I exclaimed but then I noticed something. "Why doesn't it say my
name? Or my race for that matter?"
All new users must register under a new name and race. If you use your original name,
you will experience HELL. Please keep in mind that we are not responsible for any
permanent harm that comes to you
Well, that's one way of saying we don't give a damn about your life choices.
The next step is your inventory. Either tap on the bag icon on the screen or simply think
"Inventory"
I do just that and the window quickly changes. It now shows a series of empty boxes that
hold nothing except for two highlighted ones that have my current clothes. On the left of the
screen shows what I have equipped right now.
"This is not too bad." I said as I scroll down on the page.
Please select a race:
[Human] [?] [?] [?]
"One option is visible, while the other three are unknown. What's that about?"
The first icon is self explanatory.
Second is for low-tier entities: Slime, Goblin, Skeleton and so on.
The third is for mid-tier entities: Demi-Human, Dragons, Devils, Angels, etc.
The last one is for high-tier races: Dragon God, Primarch, Outer God, Demon God,
High Sephaphin, etc.
These three choices are completely random, so choose on your own merit.

By its logic, humans would be considered a mid-tier race. I can choose Human, or try my
luck with the other three. I don't really like taking risks, especially when they're luck based;
my luck sucks.
Despite how tempting it is, I'm gonna play it safe and go with [Human].
Race selected: Human
A universal race, existing across all of time and space. Despite their organic and overall
weak appearance, they make up for it with their wits, tenacity, and overall
stubbornness. A jack of all trades. They are creatures of great compassion and great
violence. Their true potential, however, lies in their ability to learn and understand, as
the strongest and most intelligent of the species can turn the tables on the most powerful
of opponents.
Race stats:
Vit x 2
STR x 4
DEX x 3
END x 4
INT x 3
WIS x 3
MAG x 2
LUK x 2
CHA x 1
Huh, I did not expect there to be racial stat bonuses. This could be helpful, especially when
I'm powerful. Though I still have doubts, at least I know what I'm dealing with.
Lastly is character creation. This is where you will create the body that will house your
soul for the foreseeable future. You will be reborn into the world you've chosen, during
that time a pseudo-personality will protect it until you awaken.
I nod and the screen changes to show the diagram of a human body alongside several icons
that will allow for customization. After a few minutes, I closed the window satisfied with the
change.
Is this the look you desire?
[Y/N]

I press "Yes".
Now it is time to type your new name.
I put in the first name I could think of.
Asmodeus. Is this correct?
[Y/N]
I press "Yes".
Quest Complete!
Quest: Tutorial
Objective 1 (Complete): Open Status Menu
Objective 2 (Complete): Open Inventory
Objective 3 (Complete): Create your character
Rewards: 1000 EXP, Skills, Perks, Trait, Legendary Gacha Token
Level Up (x4)!
Perks acquired:
[Gamer's Mind]
Immunity to all high-level mental attacks, such as mind control and mind reading, and
makes the user calm in heated situations; think more logically than emotionally.
[Gamer's Body]
Grant's a body that allows the user to live in the real world like a game.
Fully restores HP, MP, and SP when asleep.
[Regeneration]
Restores HP, SP, and MP per minute
HP Regeneration = VIT x4
MP Regeneration = MAG x3
SP Regeneration = END x2
[Friendly Smile]

A friendly and warm aura surrounds you, it makes people be drawn to you and open up
more easily no matter how stubborn they are.
Reputation and Affection are easier to gain.
Traits acquired:
[Adept]
Allows the user to learn abilities and techniques at a faster rate than normal.
Grants a body that can adapt to anything within reason.
Permanent resistance to all inflictions.
[Dragon's Sin of Wrath]
You are short-tempered and quick to anger. You won't rest until the one who incurred
your wrath is punished, whether through death, torture, or humiliation. The choices are
yours and yours alone.
Boosts all stats x1000.
Skills acquired:
[Observe LVL. 1/100]
Cost 0 MP
Provides information on targets and even their thoughts.
[ID Create LVL. MAX]
Cost 0 MP
Creates a pocket dimension with different themes and continuously respawning mobs.
The final area will have a mid-boss and dungeon boss respectively.
Clearing a dungeon will yield rewards for the user; traveling to already completed
dungeons will result in no rewards.
[ID: Escape LVL. MAX]
Cost 0 MP
Allows the user to escape the pocket dimension.
Cannot use it when fighting the boss.
[Legendary Gacha Token] Rank: EX

The highest tier Gacha Token, gives you one random legendary skill, item, or perk.
Well... that's going to be a problem. There aren't a lot of things that piss me off. Annoyed,
yes, but not angry. It's going to be a bitch to handle and the fact that it shuts off [Gamer's
Mind] doesn't make me feel any better.
The only upside is the insane buff it gives when you get mad, so that's a good enough reason
to keep it around.
The Gacha Token is a golden ticket with a capital "G" in the center. I was tempted to use it
now but decided to put it on hold for later.
"So now that that's over, what else is there left to do?"
All that is left now is to select which universe you desire to reincarnate in.
Choose the Universe you want to go:
RWBY
Fight the Creatures of Grimm as you traverse the World of Remnant.
If selected, you will start somewhere in Anima
(Recommended for those who are playing the game for the first time)
Naruto
The Elemental Nations, a world where people can use chakra to do incredible feats.
If selected, you start out in the Hidden Leaf Village.
Bleach
A world where Shinigami protect the balance of life and death from those who do evil in
the World of the Living.
If selected, you will start in Hueco Mundo a few years before cannon.
Highschool DxD
A world where the supernatural still roam the modern world, where humans can use
special artifacts known as "Sacred Gears".
If selected, you will start as a transfer student in Kuoh Academy where the Devils
reside.
Overlord
The Overlord of Death leads his followers to conquer the New World.

If selected, you will star in YGGDRASIL.
Persona 5
Summon Personas to fight Shadows, improve Social Links, and become the Trickster
that will save the world.
If selected, you will start as a second year transfer student in Shujin Academy alongside
the protagonist.
Pokémon
Capture Pokémon to battle for you, collect gym badges and complete your Pokédex on
this adventure.
If selected, you will be able to choose a region to start in.
(Recommended for those who are playing the game for the first time)
Borderlands
Fight to survive in the world of Pandora as a Vault Hunter.
If selected, you will start at a random part of the timeline.
Fate
Every 60 years, 7 Magi participate in a ritual called Heaven's Feel or as it is better
known as the Holy Grail War where they summon heroes throughout the ages to obtain
a single wish.
If selected, you will be able to choose which Holy Grail War to start in.
Evangelion
Second Impact has changed the world drastically and now, 15 years later, the world is at
risk again as the Angels return.
If selected, you will start at the train station.
I blink a few times as I read the names of each universe. "Why are these all... fictional?"
The multiverse is infinite with equally infinite possibilities. What one may consider
fiction in one universe is real in the other. As long as you keep an open mind, you should
be able to grasp these concepts.
I look at the list and begin to ponder who to choose. RWBY is a good one. The world of
Remnant is interesting, and the title characters even more so. Fate and DxD are good choices,
if you're looking for a harem of beautiful and sexy ladies. Overlord has an interesting magic
system and considering how under leveled the New World is making it the perfect place to do

level farming. Bleach and Naruto are anime everyone watched as kids, it could be fun to get a
Zanpakutō and be a shinobi but beyond that, I don't see anything that'll keep me interested.
Borderlands, Pokémon and Persona, great games and it could be blast being part of their
stories.
Evangelion? Yeah, no. Too many psychological issues that I can't begin to comprehend and
manipulative sociopaths out to make everyone's lives miserable for the sake of their
selfishness. If it was some other mecha anime, I would reconsider it.
Have you made a decision?
I nod. "I choose RWBY."
Very well. Beginning upload.
I felt a sudden jolt in my brain as a screen pops in front of me.
[1%... 45%... 88%... 100%! Download complete!]
"What did you do?"
I downloaded a copy of my program into your System. It will help you on your journey
into the new world. It will regulate the pseudo-personally and will awaken you when the
time is right. Are you ready?
I nod. A hissing noise can be heard and when I turn, a section of the wall breaks down
revealing a blinding light. I cover my eyes as I approach the light, it was so blinding I could
go blind if I even dare to open them. I enter and vanish into the portal, not long the wall
begins to repair itself, restoring it to what it was before.
[Game Start!]
[Save? Y/N]

Chapter 2: RWBY: Lost in the Woods
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
Silver-eyed Demon!
Worthless brat!
Time for the hunt to begin!
Wanna come with me?
Don't look, just run!
So pitiful...
For my Goddess!
I can't die here. I need power... MORE POWER!
*Gasp!* My eyes snap open as I take in a large amount of oxygen. I look around exasperated
as I am surrounded by trees. "I feel like shit..." I look down to find not only me wearing a
different outfit, but one that has been completely shredded and covered in blood. "What the
fuck...?" I reach out and touch one of the bloody areas and notice that the blood is still
somewhat fresh. "What happened to me...?"
*POP*
*POP*
*POP*
[Congratulations on your first ever reincarnation into your second life!]
"Huh...?" I grab my head. "Who are you?"

[I am the A.I. that was integrated into your Gamer System before you reincarnated. It's
very nice to meet you, sir!]
"Oh right, that voice did mention something like that." I try to stand but quickly collapse
from a sudden dizzy spell. "What happened to me?"
[You were bleeding out on the side of the tree. Luckily, your Regeneration kicked in at
the last minute and saved your life]
"Is that why I'm feeling so dizzy?" I asked. "So, how did I die exactly?" I take another look at
my ruined clothes. The large claw marks on my chest indicate that I was attacked. "Oh..." I
try to recollect any memories of what happened but find nothing. "Why can't I remember
anything?"
[Simple, because those memories don't belong to you. You don't remember anything
because those events never really happened to you]
"I... guess that makes sense. Still, I'd like a brief summary of who I was before I 'awakened'."
I said with my arms crossed.
[Long story short, you're an orphan. You were adopted but shortly after your foster
mother was murdered. Since then, you've traveled from town to town until you enrolled
into Haven and on a mission you and your team were killed by Grimm]
"What were their names?" I asked.
[Don't know, don't care. They were just extras that existed to fill in those roles]
Harsh. "... what was his name?"
[Does it really matter to you?]
"... no, it doesn't." While a part of me did want to know, it wouldn't change the fact that I am
me and not that person. Though, it will be pretty awkward if I run into people that know him.
"Huh. You know, I just noticed that despite learning about my own death and being in another
world, I am not freaking out like you'd normally do in this situation." I remarked.
[That's due to the passive effect of Gamer's Mind. It will curb your anxiety along with
other emotions in order to think clearly]
"Is that why I'm so weirdly calm? Oh well, it doesn't matter." I ravage through my pockets
only to find two things: some kind of plastic card and a white device though it seems to be
broken.
[Why don't you try using your Observe skill on them?]
"[Observe]" I said.
Lien

Description: A plastic card with a black magnetic reader strip on the back and a small
notation on the front used for making purchases among others. It functions just like a
debit/credit card. Currently holds 8,000 Lien.
Scroll
Rarity: E
Description: An object that functions as a collapsible, holographic tablet. It can be used
as a phone, a portable computer, a camera and a streaming device as well as a gaming
controller, among other functions. This one is broken.
You have gained 8,000 Credits!
So this is a scroll, I can understand where the name comes from and the card is basically the
upgrade of paper currency. This is the one detail that I could never wrap my head around:
Remnant is so advanced in many ways but also primitive in others. Like they have
holographic phones, androids with souls, airships that anyone can use for travel, and ecofriendly fuel. Yet for some reason, they use such an antiquated and vulnerable system like the
Cross Continental Transmit System like, seriously, if one tower goes down then the whole
system goes down. Then there's the fact that they haven't attempted to create ships that can
reach heights of 10,000 feet because Dust doesn't work in the stratosphere or something like
that, so they just gave up on that.
"It surprises me how backwards this world is." I remarked before a new screen appeared in
front of me.
Quest Alert!
Quest: All-Seeing Eye
Look around and get accustomed to your new surroundings.
Objective: Level up Observe to Level 20
Rewards: 800 EXP, 2000 Credits
[I thought you'd like to start off with something simple, to ease you in on your new
lifestyle. Just look at random things in the forest to get started]
"That sounds boring." I comment. "Is there any way to skip it?"
[Nope!]
"God dammit..." I let out a sigh as I let go of the tree, finally getting over my dizziness, and
start walking. "Well, let's get this over with."
Sometime later
Skill Level Up!

[Observe LVL. 20/100]
Quest Complete!
Quest: All-Seeing Eye
Objective (Complete): Level up Observe to Level 20
Rewards: 800 EXP, 2000 Credits
Level Up!
"Yes, finally I'm done with this." I was exasperated. "And it looks like I leveled up, too. I
wonder by how much." I open my stats menu.
System Update... Update Complete!
Aura Points now available.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer
Race: Human
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 5
HP: 800 (80 per minute)
MP: 600 (60 per minute)
SP: 500 (50 per minute)
AP: Locked
VIT: 20
STR: 30
DEX: 25
END: 30
INT: 25
WIS: 25
MAG: 20

LUK: 20
CHA: 15
Money: 10,000 Credits
"Wow..." I muttered. "That's a big leap in numbers."
[My rewards are no pushovers, keep doing quests and you'll be the strongest person on
Remnant]
"Yeah, no shit. With a system as broken as this, I'll one-shot the Brother Gods the moment
they descend on the planet." I comment. "Why is my Aura locked?"
[Because it wasn't your Aura, but your other self's. You have to find someone to unlock
it]
Quest Alert!
Quest: Welcome to Remnant!
Your body may belong to a Huntsman but not the soul. Find someone to unlock your
Aura and try not to get yourself killed.
Objective 1: Find a weapon
Objective 2: Unlock your Aura
Rewards: 15,000 EXP, 6,400 Credits, Skills, Semblance Unlocked
I continue the thread through the forest in the hopes of finding an exit, when a weird sound
catches my attention. I follow the sound and I begin to notice traces of blood on the ground
and some of the trees before walking up to a clearing and witness a sight that some would
find grotesque.
It was a man, or rather what's left of him. His body has been torn apart, missing both of his
arms and half of his face, and his chest cavity was opening revealing all of his vital organs.
The most jarring part is the pair of dog ears on top of his head.
But he is not alone.
Next to the body is what can only be described as a mass of black fur with bone-like spikes
protruding from its arms, back, and knees. Its back is turned, but I can hear it chewing on
something. Suddenly, the creature spits something in my direction as it lands on my face.
When I look down, I see that it was, in fact, a finger that it threw away.
This monster was eating the man's arm!
I begin to quickly freak out but something forces me to calm down. I recognize the creature
and activate my [Observe] skill.

Name: Beowulf
Level: 4
HP: 20
SP: 9
"So that's Beowulf, huh? They're a lot more hairier in real life than in the show." I silently
remarked. 'I need to get away. I can't fight a Grimm without a weapon.' I slowly make my
way back when...
*SNAP!*
I step on a tree branch by accident, small but very noisy, causing the beast's body to twitch at
the sound. The monster's head slowly turns and sees me, its face is covered in a bone-like
mask with red markings resembling a wolf as well as its hands and feet are also tipped with
long, sharp, white claws. Those beady red eyes stare at me screaming bloody murder and it
slowly walks towards me.
I instinctively step back as the fear begins to take over.
I'm going to die...
I'm going to die here....
'I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'M
GOING TO DIE!'
At that moment, [Gamer's Mind] kicks in again and my fear disappears leaving the monster
perplexed as it can no longer sense my negativity. However, that doesn't stop the monster as it
jumps, extending its claws in order to rip me to shreds.
My body suddenly goes on auto pilot and dodge rolls the incoming attack.
"Huh?" I blink at the suddenly action I performed. "W-How did I do that?"
However, I don't have time to contemplate these thoughts as the Grimm runs towards me and
I quickly make a run for it.
"Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit, shit!" I scream out before I immediately calm down again. 'I can't
keep running like this. If this guy was a Huntsman-in-Training then his weapon must be
around here somewhere.'
The Beowulf leaps upwards and descends down on me, its sharp claws piercing through my
skin like nothing.
-57 HP
HP: 743/800

"Damnit, get off me!" I grab the Grimm by its head and push it back. The Beowulf sees this
and tries to use its full weight to crush me, but Ipush it back. I continue pushing until I get
back up and kick in the chest, sending it towards a nearby tree and leaving a print of my shoe
on its chest.
The Grimm's body disintegrates into nothing but black dust.
You have killed a Beowulf! You have gained 30 EXP! You have earned 20 Credits!
Perk Unlocked!
[Muscle Memory]
You may not know how to fight, but your body does. Fighting is second nature to you,
you can counter and block most physical attacks without much effort
A giggle escapes my lips before it evolves into laughter. "I did it! I actually survived!
Hahahaha!" A relaxing feeling washes over me and I instantly calm down. "Well, at least I'm
out of danger for now. I still need to find something to defend myself."
As I walk through the thick forest, I notice something in the distance and run towards it.
When I arrived, all I found was the corpse that Beowulf was eating too long ago. Which
means only one thing...
"I've been running in circles!?" I exclaimed before immediately calming down. "Now's not
the time to get frustrated." I kneel in front of the body. "Maybe the corpse has something I
can use." I use my skill on it.
Name: ?
Title: None
Level: 13
Affiliation: White Fang
Race: Faunus (Dog)
HP: 0
MP: 0
SP: 0
AP: 0
Semblance: n/a
Thoughts about you: none since he's dead

"So this guy was to be part of the White Fang, huh? I'm not really that surprised." I know that
humans aren't kind to Faunus though saying "kind" is an understatement. Humanity treats
Faunus like a disease, even the ones that rose to high positions like a Huntsman only get their
scorn. I'm honestly disgusted and disappointed that humans can't see beyond the difference, I
mean who cares if you have an extra pair of ears or even a tail; a person is still a person.
Then again, I'm not really into politics so what do I know? I'm just a simple man who likes
simple things.
[If he was a Huntsman then that means he must have a weapon. Check his body]
Reluctantly, I reach for the body to check for some kind of weapon. [Gamer's Mind] kicks
in as I begin the search; I can't believe I'm actually looting a man's corpse.
"This guy got nothing." I sigh. "It's a dead end."
[Maybe if you follow the trail, it'll lead you to a clue to the exit]
I look left and see a trail of broken trees and blood, "looks I have no other choice." I stand up
and follow the trail. After a couple of minutes, I end in a large clearing with two bodies in the
group bleeding. The state of the bodies is so grotesque that they're completely
unrecognizable.
Pool of Dried Blood
A pool of blood made by two unknown people, left unrecognizable by whatever attacked
them.
I feel my stomach stir at the abominable sight that you'd only find in horror films
before [Gamer's Mind] curbs the urge to throw up. Around the bodies are the remains of
what appear to be weapons though what stands out the most is the intact western-styled
sword in the center of it all.
[Iron Sword] Rank: E
A basic sword. Used all throughout history to fight foes.
Deals 50 + STRx1.5 Physical Damage
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 21/100]
I pick it up and examine it. "There's signs of use but aside from that, there's nothing wrong
with it. It's almost like one of those tutorials, when the player finds a weapon-"
*GRRR*
"-enemies will appear." I look behind me.

Stepping out from the bushes are two Beowulfs along with three boar-like Grimm with four
eyes and a bone-like mask that seems to be strapped to its face by a black vein-like organic
tether.
Boarbatusk
Level: 2
HP: 12
SP: 5
"Oh shit..." I uttered out loud.
[This is the perfect opportunity to get a feel for combat]
Quest Alert!
Quest: First Blood
Should be easy to kill these guys.
Objective 1: Kill Boarbatusk (0/3)
Objective 2: Kill Beowulf (0/2)
Rewards: 800 EXP, 800 Credits, Skills
"I hate it when I'm right." I sigh before regaining my vigor. "Welp! Guess I have no other
choice." I smile and take a stance. "Let's dance!"
The Boarbatusks make their move and charge towards me before rolling into balls and spin
forward. I leap forward and dash towards the Beowulfs, raising my sword to strike it down.
However, as I was about to deliver the blow, the monster feinted and used its claws to slash
my back.
-50 HP
HP: 750/800
The other Beowulf uses this opportunity to stab me with my left thigh.
-30 HP
HP: 720/800
Thank god, [Gamer's Body] doesn't let me feel the pain completely, otherwise I would be
screaming in agony by now.
-20 HP

HP: 700/800
I slowly got up and saw that it's the Boarbatusk that tackled me.
"Not yet..." The Grimm waste no time to charge in again. "I refuse to be beaten here!"
Trait Unlocked!
[Determination]
Allows the user to push onwards against any challenge, giving you a temporary boost in
STR and DEX by 6.
Should the user be critically damage, they will retain 1 HP instead of 0.
This feature is can only be activated every 24 hours.
Through sheer willpower, I dash at the creatures as fast as I can ignoring the overwhelming
pain in my legs. One of the Boarbatusks tries to tackle me, but instead I jump above it and
use its head as a springboard and set my sights on the Beowulf. Raising my sword, I put all of
my strength into a downward strike and managed to cleave the monster in two. Not wasting a
second, I charge at the second Beowulf who attempts to use its arm to block my attack but the
sword runs through its arm and into the beast's face killing it.
You have killed 2 Beowulfs! You gained 30 EXP (x2)! You have earned 20 Credits (x2)!
Level Up!
New Skills Unlocked!
[Movement Mastery LV. 1/100]
Grants the user the knowledge about how to move around efficiently. Lowers stamina
consumption by 30%.
[Blade Mastery LV. 1/100]
Grants the user knowledge of sword fighting. Increases physical(sword) damage by
45%.
"That's two." I turn to the Boarbatusks. "Now it's your turn."
I rush at one of the Grimm and kick it high then stab it through the exposed area, killing it
instantly. The other two Grimm charge in without hesitation, however, they didn't expect their
opponent to grab one of their tusks and use them to hit the other. The two Grimm tumble
around, and I waste no time to run each of them through their stomachs.
You have killed 3 Boarbatusk! You gained 10 EXP (x3)! You have gained 6 Credits (x3)!
Quest Complete!

Quest: First Blood!
Objective 1 (Complete): Kill Boarbatusk (3/3)
Objective 2 (Complete): Kill Beowulf (2/2)
Rewards: 800 EXP, 800 Credits, Skills
Level Up!
Skill acquired:
[Fire Control LVL. 1/10]
Cost 35 MP
Allows the user to create, shape, move, control, interact and manipulate fire.
50 + INTx1.2 Fire damage
"Haaa... Haaa..." I pant as I lean on my sword for support, all of Grimm around turn into dust.
"I got to find a way out of here." I put the sword on my belt and walk into the forest.
At the same time, a corvid is seen perched on a tree branch before spreading its wings and
flying off.
Sometime later - Evening
"I may have to set up camp for the night." I said.
[You know, you should give me a name]
I stop in my tracks at the sudden suggestion. "Why now all of a sudden?"
[Well, I don't want to be called "System" all the time. I have just as much of a
personality as a normal human being. I don't want to be want to be known as just a
thing]
"Okay... how about 'X'?" I suggested.
[You're not very good with names, are you?]
"It was the only thing that came to mind." I said.
[Like your character name? Who names themselves after a lord of hell? Kind of
stroking your ego there, don't you think?]
"Hey, if you're going to complain then how about YOU come up with a name instead?" I
huffed.
[Hm... how about Tobi?]

I blink a few times at the name. "Seriously, that's what you're going with? Naming yourself
after an alias Obito used while in the Akatsuki?"
[It was either that or you're basic ass name]
You know what? I don't care anymore. "Fine."
[Fine what?]
"Fine... Tobi." I reluctantly said.
A series of giggles play out in my head. 'What have I done?'
I continue walking onwards into parts unknown, as my grand journey into another world
begins now.

Chapter 3: RWBY: A Shady Deal
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
Night finally sets on Remnant as the broken moon can be seen hanging idly from above.
From below, you can see someone staring in wonderment at the odd phenomenon before
them.
"I wonder if the Moon on Earth would look like this if a third of it was blasted off." I
muttered.
The God of Darkness was very theatrical, unlike his brother. He let his emotions dominate
him and there's no better example than when he killed off humanity because a small group of
them rebelled and destroyed the moon while leaving the planet.
Overall, he was a brat.
[I wonder what Ozma thought when he first saw the broken moon]
"Probably pissed himself." I chuckled at the mental image.
After some more hours of walking, I notice a couple of lights in the distance. Wasting no
time, I ran towards the lights and eventually managed to get out of that damn forest and
found myself in a small village.
"Civilization!" I yell and run towards the main gate.
I notice a lot of the villagers are giving me weird looks and granted, I'm not surprised. I do
look like I just came from a life-or-death battle, after all, and the dried blood likely doesn't
help either.
Looking around, I notice that some of the villagers are Faunus and the humans here seem to
be fine with it. If I remember correctly, most humans don't particularly like Faunus though
the show never went any deeper than that. It just made it look like Faunus are discriminated
and treated like second-class citizens (even slaves) simply because they are Faunus and
nothing else. As if they only exist to make humans look better. I mean there could have been
something I missed, but most of the characters that treat Faunus like shit are just privileged
assholes and that's that. The White Fang is supposedly the result of anger and frustration that

has been building up over the years, having had enough of the treatment humanity has given
them and tried to fight for their basic rights. Now they're only seen as mobsters and terrorists.
It's pretty messed up.
Faunus won the Faunus Rights Revolution and yet they are still treated like shit. The
Kingdoms gave them a small island and basically told them "here's a piece of land to be
independent, now fuck off" like the world was just spiting on them for their efforts. By that
logic, Menagerie is supposed to be a lawless shithole... but the show does a bad job at
convincing the audience and it looks like a flourishing tropical paradise free from "racism".
This, in turn, makes the old White Fang and Blake look like massive privileged hypocrites.
God, this doesn't make any sense! How can someone mess up the lore so bad!?
I walk up to a nearby woman. "Excuse me. I just arrived at the village and haven't eaten
anything since this morning. Could you point me to the nearest dining area or restaurant?"
"Oh my, that sounds awful. Unfortunately, we do not have a restaurant here but we do have a
tavern." The woman raises her arm and points ahead. "Simply follow the path and you'll
reach the village square, the tavern will be easy to spot."
"Got it. Thank you." I wave the woman goodbye and follow the path. Eventually, I reach the
village square and see a building with a wooden sign that has a beer mug on it.
I open the door and inside people are drinking, eating, talking, laughing while some of the
occasional fighting in the background. That is until everyone's attention turns to me and as I
take a seat at the counter, I can hear the subtle sounds of whispering in the background.
"Welcome to the Rusty Nail! The #1 hotspot in Shion! What can I get you today!?" The
bartender asked, sounding a bit too chipper for a bartender.
'Shion... why does that name sound familiar?' I thought and look at the menu. "I'll have Chili
fries and a glass of water please."
"Coming right up!" The bartender got to work. "So, what's your story? It's not often a
customer comes in covered in grime and blood."
"Well, that's what happens when you're fighting Beowulfs for the majority of the day and
winning." I smirked.
"Oh? So you're a Huntsman then?"
I shake my head. "Nah, I don't even have my Aura unlocked. I just happen to know my way
around the sword. Can't exactly travel to Mistral on foot without some protection."
"You got that right." The bartender places a glass cup in front of me. "Here's your drink, sir."
I take the cold glass of water and drink it all in one gulp. "Haaa, I needed that~ Can I get
another?"

"Certainly, sir." The bartender smiles.
We talked for a while and I learned that this village's name is Shion. The same Shion village
that the Branwen Tribe raided at the start of Volume 4 and was decimated by Grimm soon
after. He later puts a plate of chili fries in front of me and I gobble it up. I may not get hungry,
but that doesn't mean I appreciate good food and DAMN were these chili fries good; amazing
even (AN: I love chili fries).
"Here's your ticket, sir. Your total owed is 9 Lien." The bartender said.
I give him the white card and he gives it a quick scan on his tablet and gives it back. "Thank
you so much."
-9 Credits
Total Credits: 10,067
"Welp, I should probably hit the road now." I get off the stool and go towards the exit.
"Wait." I stop on my tracks. "I have some spare clothes upstairs, you can have them if you
want."
I turn around and give the bartender a confused look. "Why? You don't even know me."
The bartender shrugs. "Hey, it's the least I can do for you after all, you did kill those Grimm
in the forest, Huntsman or not."
My eyes widened. I always knew that the people of Remnant lived under a black and white
viewpoint, that there was a visible good and evil, but even I can't believe that someone would
trust me instantly and it's all because I killed a few Grimm.
"Thank you." I turn to my right and go up a set of stairs. I wasn't about to deny such a helping
hand, even if it was a bit naive.
I walk up the stairs and find two doors, one next to the other. Opening the door in front of
me, all I find is a bed, a desk, a closet, a tv, and a small window on the right wall letting
moonlight light up the otherwise dull room.
"Alright, to hell with the raggedy. Time to put on a show." I rip off my shredded clothes and
open the closet. "No, no, no, no, oh god no." I browse through the various shirts hanging
neatly within until I stop at a shirt. "This will do." The shirt itself is black with two red lines
running diagonally across the chest.
[T-Shirt] - Rank: E
A simple red and black t-shirt.
"I always loved red and black." I remove it from the clothes hanger and quickly put it on.
"Hm, a little tight but likely because of these new muscles." I flex my arm a little causing the

sleeve to stretch a little. "Probably shouldn't do that too much." I grab a pair of red cargo
pants and a black hoodie and put them on.
[Cargo Pants] - Rank: E
A pair of red cargo pants.
[Black Hoodie] - Rank: E
A black hoodie.
Gives 1% Physical Damage resistance.
"Hm?" I notice something poking out of a pile of boxes. "What's this?" I moved the boxes
aside and my eyes widened in shock. "No. Way." I grab the item and stand up.
[Joker's Mask] - Rank: C
Joker's iconic Mask from Persona 5. Allows you to go incognito, making people unable
to identify you when you have it on.
Grants 10% Mental Resistance.
It's Joker's mask from the game! I can't believe it! What's it doing here on Remnant!? And it
doesn't seem to be some kind of replica either, but the genuine article. Why would it be in
some random old closet of all places?
Oh, who cares. I have his mask and that's all that matters.
I send it to my inventory and proceed to leave the bedroom before quickly turning my
attention to the door next to it. Turning the knob, I go inside and it turns out to be a well lit
yet worn and dirty bathroom. "Yikes, this is even worse than the bedroom." I walk inside and
glance at the mirror, "huh?" I turn my attention to the reflection and still cannot believe it.
A pair glistening [Silver Eyes] alongside a handsome face. Hair black and short in length. On
the right side is a scar that stretches across the cheek, but is so faded that no one will see it
unless they pay close attention.
"This can't be right..." I raise my hand towards my face and stretch out my eyelids checking
for contacts. "They're real... I actually have [Silver Eyes]."
[I see you've noticed]
I narrow my eyes. "Why didn't you tell me I reincarnated with [Silver Eyes]?"
[It just never came up]
I wanted to lash out at the A.I. That's all he has to say!? On Remnant, these eyes are a pain in
the ass. They're a worse bad luck charm than Qrow. It doesn't help the fact that Salem and

Ozma are hunting down people with these eyes; one for their sick experiments and the other
to use as a vanguard against her.
Overall, these eyes are a curse rather than a blessing.
[Gamer's Mind] kicked in and my frustration quickly left as soon as it came. "Well, there's
nothing I can do about it. I'll just have to be careful; good thing I grabbed the mask." I leave
the bathroom and go down the stairs where the bartender sees me.
"Wow, I haven't seen that hoodie in ages. It looks good on you." Bartender comments.
"Yeah. Thanks for the clothes." I make my way towards the exit.
"Do you have a place to stay for the night? There's a great inn just further ahead. I hear their
services are top of the line."
'And likely expensive.' I glance at the bartender and give him a smile. "Thank you for the kind
suggestion. But I think I'll make do with what I have." 'I doubt I could afford a room there
anyway. I should save my money for now and spend it on what I really need.'
"I see..." Bartender looks a little displeased. "Well, you take care of yourself out there."
I leave the bar and take out [Joker's Mask] from my [Inventory] and put it on. The moment
I do, my vision suddenly becomes monochrome for a second before returning to normal. I
look around at the people and while some give me an occasional glance, they all just ignore
me.
'Maybe I should run a quick experiment to make sure.' I walk up to a random bystander.
"Excuse me."
The older woman turns and my eyes widen in shock; it's the same old woman from earlier.
"Hm? I don't believe I've seen you around before. Did you just arrive?" The elderly woman
asked.
'It works!' I thought excitedly. 'Now for the next step.' "Could you tell me the name of this
village? I seem to be a little lost."
"You are in Shion, young man, on the far side of the Kingdom of Mistral." The old woman
replied.
"I see. Thank you." The woman bows and walks away.
I take off the mask. "She really didn't recognize me. I really have gone incognito." I put it
back in my [Inventory]. "Well, no point in standing around. Better get moving." I walk down
the path and out of the gate.
As I walk through the forest path, I look at my left hand and activate my [Fire
Control] igniting my hand. My hand glows a brightly orange yet I'm not getting burned.

"Hm, what a weird feeling." I said while mesmerized by the odd sight, until noises catch my
attention and force me to snuff out my fire. "Who's there?"
On cue, a group of people come out of the bushes with their weapons out, grinning and
giggling as they encircle and surround me.
'[Observe]'. I thought.
Name: Branwen Tribe Bandit
Level: 4
Race: Human
HP: 59
MP: 0
SP: 63
AP: 0
"Well, well, well. Tonight sure is your unlucky day." A man steps out of the darkness. He is a
skinny man with long dirty blond hair and gray eyes with a stubble around his mouth. He
wears a dark blue and gray jacket with torn sleeves over a long sleeved shirt He wears a
bandana around his neck and has a shoulder pad on his right shoulder. He wears brown
leather fingerless gloves with straps and brown pants with boots.
Name: Shay D. Man
Title: None
Level: 12
Race: Human
Affiliation: Branwen Tribe
HP: 645
MP: 0
SP: 589
AP: 220
Thoughts about you: Easy pickings
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 22/100]

'Oh, I remember this guy. He got his ass kicked by Yang when he tried to get a little too
touchy feely with her. I wasn't expecting to run into him so soon.' I thought.
Quest Alert!
A Shady Ambush
Bandits want to take your stuff. Show them why that's a grave mistake.
Objective: Defeat Branwen Bandits (0/6)
Reward: 2,200 EXP, 900 Credits, Items, Skills, Common Gacha Token (x2)
"My name is Shay. Shay D. Mann and I'll cut to the chase: Give us all of your stuff and we'll
let you live." Shay states with a smirk.
I tilt my head. "Are you... robbing me?"
"No, we're giving you a free trip- of course we are!" Shay exclaims.
I smile at them. "Ooooh." I rush at the closest bandit and punch him in the stomach before
kicking him away.
The bandits were all dumbstruck by this.
I take my sword from my belt. "If you want my money," I give him a smug look. "Then you
better fight for it."
Shay glares at the boy. "Get him!"
The bandits begin to close in on me. One of them raises his ax and tries to cut me in two. I
step aside and let gravity deal with the rest. With the bandit distracted, I swing my sword in
an arc and slice his neck. Blood sprays everywhere as the bandit falls dead on the ground.
You have defeated a Branwen Tribe Bandit! You have earned 50 EXP! You have gained
34 Credits!
Skill Level Up (x2)!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 5/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL/ 5/100]
I wipe the blood off my face and stare at my hand. 'I just killed someone, yet I don't feel a
thing. Is this the effect of [Gamer's Mind] at work?'
"You bastard!" One of the bandits screamed at me.
I glance at the bandit. "I told you that if you wanted my money, you were going to fight for it.
If you want to blame someone, blame yourselves for underestimating me."

With that statement, the bandits charged at me all at once. I dodge their swings while
parrying the rest. I had to time my attacks correctly so that they wouldn't use that gap in
movement to successfully deliver an attack.
Damn, [Muscle Memory] is not a joke. I am DOMINATING these guys.
"Stop moving, you little shit and fight like a man!" The bandit swings his sword but I block it
with my own, locking the blades in a stalemate.
"You're joking, right? You have five guys ganging up on me and you're complaining about
me not being fair? Aren't you an idiot." I flick my sword and tear the bandits' weapon out of
their hands before hitting them in the solar plexus with the butt of my sword and kicking him
into the ground.
"Shit, Shay, you didn't tell us he was a Huntsman!" The bandit yells at his leader.
"He doesn't look like a Huntsman!" Shay retorts.
"And you'd be right, I am not. But I do know how to fight like one." My vessel was a
Huntsman-in-Training. I may not have his memories but this body does remember how to
fight. It was why I was able to survive against those Grimm without Aura so easily, just like
how I'm handling these guys without breaking a sweat. But this does raise the question...
'What kind of hellish training did my other self put himself through to get this strong?' I
thought.
"I'll kill you!" The bandit fires their gun at me, but I instinctively deflect them all. One of
them ricochets and hits another bandit in the head, killing them instantly.
"NO!" The gunslinger exclaims as their partner falls dead on the ground, however, they don't
notice the blade running through their head until it is too late.
You have defeated Branwen Tribe Bandits (x2)! You have earned 50 EXP (x2)! You have
gained 34 Credits (x2)!
"YOU MOTHERFUCKER!" The remaining bandits charge at me all at once. Their moves
are all sluggish and predictable.
I turn to the first bandit and swing my sword in an arc, creating a huge slash across his torso
that erupts with blood. No sooner than that, I block the second bandit's attack and let their
sword slip on my blade before swiftly slicing the nape of their neck.
"RAAAAAR!" The last bandit screams loudly as they rush from behind, only to be surprised
when they see me turning around. "!"
"Next time, don't scream when you try to attack from behind." I use [Fire Control] to create
a fireball and throw it at them, causing them to scream as their body is engulfed in flames
before falling to the ground dead.

You have defeated Branwen Tribe Bandits (x3)! You have earned 50 EXP (x3)! You have
gained 34 Credits (x3)!
Skill Level Up!
[Fire Control LVL. 2/10]
Quest Complete!
A Shady Ambush
Objective 1(Complete): Defeat Branwen Bandits (6/6)
Reward: 2,200 EXP, 900 Credits, Items, Skills, Common Gacha Token
Level Up!
Items acquired:
[Lesser STR Crystal] - Rank: D
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's STR by 5.
[Lesser VIT Crystal] - Rank: D
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's VIT by 5.
[Health Potion] - Rank: D
Restores 30 points of Health
[Common Gacha Token] (x2) - Rank: E
The lowest tier Gacha token, gives common items like bottles or rope.
Skills acquired:
[Braver LVL. 1/8]
Cost 20 SP
The user rushes toward the enemy and jumps into the air to deal a downward slash,
leaving behind a trail of light and dealing burst damage in an area of effect.
Deals 500 + Weapon damage
[Ice Control LVL. 1/10]
Cost 35 MP
Allows the user to create, shape, move, control, interact and manipulate ice.

Deals 40 + INTx1.3 Ice Damage
Hey, I remember this one. It's one of Cloud's first Limit Breaks from the original Final
Fantasy. Nice. I also got another elemental skill; ice this time. I wonder if I'll get different
types of elemental magic, it would be nice to have variety in magic. Maybe I can combine*BANG!*
-222 HP
HP: 578/800
I feel something wet on my right shoulder and look down to find blood pouring out of a
circular hole.
The scene switches to show Shay shakily holding his weapon: a crude revolver-like pistol
with knuckles and a blade attached to the handle with smoke coming from the barrel.
"Ouch." I said without much emotion. "You shot me." I move my left arm up and begin to dig
into the bullet hole and pull out the bullet without even flinching and the hole begins to close.
"That hurts." I let the bullet fall on the ground.
Good thing [Gamer's Body] is a thing or else I'd be writhing in pain.
"M-M-MONSTER!" He screams out and fires wildly at the boy over and over, missing every
time until the revolver suddenly jams. "What? Not now!" He continues to pull the trigger but
nothing happens. "No, no, NO! FUCK!" Tears begin to flow out of his eyes.
My bullet wound completely heals as I walk towards him. "Aw, what's the matter? Is the
weakling gonna cry now that his toy gun doesn't work anymore? Talk about embarrassing."
Shay glares at me with visible anger in his face and charges at me. "SHUT UUUUUP!" He
swings the blade part of his gun but I parry it with my sword. I delivered a slice across his
chest, but I quickly felt something hard making contact with my sword and noticed Shay's
body flashing yellow.
'So that's [Aura], huh? Interesting. Let's see how much punishment it can take before it
cracks.' I attack more aggressively at Shay, forcing him to stay on the defensive. He can do
nothing but wither through the onslaught of slices and stabs until his [Aura] begins to flare
heavily with each successful hit until he is suddenly sucker punched with enough force to
push him back, causing his [Aura] to finally shatter and dissipate.
Shay drops his revolver and collapses before spitting out a bloody tooth. "Y-You... bastard!"
"What? Done already? And here I thought you were some sort of big shot since those guys
followed your orders." There's a corpse in front of me and I easily kick it away.
"Damnit, damnit, dammit! This wasn't supposed to happen! This was supposed to be an easy
job!" Shay cries as snot comes out of his nose and trails down to his mouth mixing with his
blood.

I cringe at the sight. "Ugh, can't you at least have some dignity before you die? But I guess
that's asking too much from a bandit."
"W-Wait! Pease don't kill me! I-I can pay you!" Shay begs as he prostrates in front of me.
I shake my head. "Nah. Right now, I need you more dead than alive." I dash in with a forward
thrust but as I get closer to my target something catches my eye.
A black feather dancing in the wind.
A red blur catches me by surprise as I barely manage to put up my guard before it can
decapitate me. The force of the blow was enough to push me away and fall to the ground. I
grunt as I look at the one responsible.
She is a woman with raven-black hair and wearing a four-eyed Grimm mask to cover her
face. She is wearing an outfit consisting of a shallow cut black and red dress with black
shorts underneath which did nothing to hide her voluptuous body or D(or maybe E?)-cup
breasts. Strapped to her narrow waist is her weapon's sheath and wears what looks to be a red
and white bandana hanging from behind her. Her forearms bear red armored gauntlets that
protrude outwards and black fingerless gloves. She wears black mid-thigh high leggings with
red splatter patterns that look too tight and black heels.
'Holy shit, she's THICC AS FUCK!' My inner voice exclaimed excitedly before [Gamer's
Mind] kicked in.
"Raven! Man, am I glad to see you!" Shay crawls towards his leader. "This guy is a monster.
He killed my entire team without [Aura]! He has some kind of weird Semblance that allows
him to use fire without Dust!" He clings onto her leg. "You have to avenge them, Raven. You
have to kill him!"
"'Have to'? Are you making demands now, Shay?" Raven asked, her voice is authoritative
and low. She looks down at the frightened Shay. "You sure have a lot of balls to give me
orders."
"I-I didn't mean to-" Shay doesn't finish as Raven swiftly turns and kicks Shay in the face,
sending him back.
"The weak die, the strong live. Those are the rules. If those fools couldn't survive, then they
were unfit to be part of the Branwen Tribe." Raven states.
Shay spits another bloody tooth.
'[Observe]' I look up Raven's stats.
Name: Raven Branwen
Title: Chieftain of the Branwen Tribe, Spring Maiden, Mother of the Year
Level: 53

Affiliation: Branwen Tribe, Ozpin Circle (Former)
HP: 6,678
MP: 8,690
SP: 7,778
AP: 5,429
Semblance: Kindred Link
Thoughts about you: Interest
"Shit!" I hiss under my breath and get up. "So... I'm gonna take a wild guess and say you're
the one in charge of these idiots."
"I am the leader of the Branwen Tribe, Raven Branwen." Raven states.
"Never heard of you." I replied calmly. 'I can't fight her as I am now. I need to think of a way
to escape.'
"You'd be correct. Not many have seen me and lived to tell the tale, but that's not why I'm
here." Raven admits.
I gestured at the corpses. "Are you here to avenge your comrades then?"
Raven lets out a laugh, it's kind of cute. "Hardly. If they weren't able to defeat an Auraless
boy then what use are they to the tribe? I should thank you for weeding out those weaklings."
"You're welcome... I guess?" I said with a bit of confusion.
"I've had my eyes on you for some time now. You are strong. Not only have you managed to
defeat a group of my men but showcased an efficient way to use Dust. That takes skill... and
talent. So I'm giving you an offer: join my tribe. I can help you grow stronger." Raven
offered.
So that's it. She wants me to join her ragtag group of muscle heads because I beat a few of
her grunts, but I guess that isn't too surprising. Raven was always looking for strength for her
tribe, but mostly for herself. She wanted to gather people strong enough in order to survive
the aftermath when Salem got all the Relics. Though in reality, she wants strong people so
that she can throw them at Salem when she inevitably sends her grunts to find the [Spring
Maiden], which is her.
'It would be beneficial, and I could learn actual swordsmanship rather than relying
on [Muscle Memory]. However...' I narrow my eyes at Raven. "I don't trust you. You asked
me to join right after I killed your men and was about to finish off blondie over there? That's
suspicious as fuck. It also sounds like you need me because you want a strong pawn
and nothing else."

I may not be able to see her face, but I can feel the glare she's directing at me.
"If you would not come with me... then I'll just have to remove you before it's too late."
Raven's hand went to [Omen], her signature weapon, and pushed the hilt forward a little with
her thumb.
"So you're just going to kill me, is that it? Well, whatever. Though I shouldn't need to tell you
to keep your eyes on the prize, or in your case, ice." I smiled.
Raven looks confused before she feels her feet going numb. Looking down, she is shocked to
see her feet frozen solid. She sees the sheet of ice connecting it to her feet and trails it back to
the boy's feet producing the ice.
My hand ignites with fire. "And now for the finale." I throw the fireball to a shocked Raven
and it detonates, leaving a cloud of ash and smoke.
Skill Level Up(x2)!
[Ice Control LVL. 2/10]
[Fire Control LVL. 3/10]
"Time to go." I turn around and run straight towards the forest as fast as I possibly can.
Raven swings [Omen] to disperse the miniature smokescreen, only to find that the boy is
already gone.
"Damn brat." Raven growls as she uses her leg strength to break herself free from the ice.
"W-What do we do?" Shay meekly asks.
Raven doesn't answer and instead swings her sword vertically, opening a red vortex in front
of the two bandits.
"W-What-!" But before Shay can finish, he is kicked into the portal by Raven.
"If you truly have THAT then I can't let you go." Raven began. "I may not be able to find
you, but I can draw you out. And I know exactly how to do it." She turns to the opposite
direction and sets her plan into motion.
I lean against a tree as I breath heavily from all of the running I made.
"Fuck, that was too close for comfort. If she wasn't so focused on her little speech I would
have never pulled it off." I wheezed out.
[You do realize it wouldn't be long before she finds you, yes?]
"Did you see those stat numbers!? She can snap my neck like a twig if she wanted to!" I snap
back. "The only reason I'm not dead is because she doesn't give a damn about her people! If

she did, I wouldn't be talking right now!"
[Are you seriously that afraid of her?}
[Gamer's Mind] kicks in while I manage to even out my breathing. "Yeah, I am. I'm afraid
of fighting her and losing. Despite her flaws, Raven is a powerhouse, not only because of her
fighting skills but her mastery of magic as the [Spring Maiden]. As I am now, I have no way
of countering her magic and I doubt [Muscle Memory] can keep up with her superior speed
and reflexes."
I open my [Inventory] and take out the two crystals and crush them. Two colorful orbs fly
upwards before they fly into my body. I bring up my stats and my eyes widen slightly.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer
Race: Human
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 7
HP: 2,360 (236 per minute)
MP: 720 (72 per minute)
SP: 620 (62 per minute)
AP: Locked
VIT: 59
STR: 73
DEX: 31
END: 38
INT: 31
WIS: 31
MAG: 24
LUK: 24
CHA: 17
Money: 11,171 Credits

"It's good, but it's still not enough." I muttered. I browse through my window until I come to
a stop at the [ID: Create] skill. Pressing the icon, the screen changes to reveal a list full of
question marks and only one name that I can read.
Dungeons Available:
Undead Dungeon
?
?
I press on the [Undead Dungeon] icon.
[Undead Dungeon]
Minimum LV: 3
Max LV: 15
Enter? [Y/N]
I press yes and immediately the environment around me changes. A gust of wind hits my face
as the sky turns red. The trees around me decay as I find myself in an abandoned city with
ruined buildings and cars.
Quest Alert!
First Blood!
Welcome to your first dungeon! Beat all obstacles in your way!
Objective 1: Defeat 12 Zombies (0/12)
Objective 2: Defeat 4 Zombie Soldiers (0/4)
Objective 3: Defeat Zombie Brute (0/1)
Reward: 8,958 EXP, 5,427 Credits, Skills, Perks, Uncommon Gacha Tokens
I hear a groaning noise coming from beyond and look up to see a group of people with rotten
skin and white milky eyes approaching me. Some have their limbs missing, leaving a couple
of strings of meat on their stumps; one has their jaw missing.
[Observe]
Name: Zombie
Title: None
Level: 5

HP: 100
MP: 5
SP: 100
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: BRAINS!
"I can use ice to keep them in place and a fireball should be enough to deal with these guys,
can't waste time fighting these guys." I tap my foot on the group as cracks begin to form on
the asphalt and spread towards the group of zombies, sprouting ice spikes that pierces them
through various places. The zombies groan as they try to get out of the trap but their attention
is drawn towards the incoming fireball, burning them all to ashes.
You have defeated Zombies(x7)! You have gained 125 EXP(x7)! You have earned 99
Credits(x7)!
Skill Level Up(x2)!
Level Up!
Not even five minutes in and already my level has gone up? Neat.
I walk past the pile of ashes and explore the abandoned city. I walk through the city streets,
checking out the destroyed remains of civilization. My eyes spot what looks to be a shop and,
curious, I enter it. It was a weapons shop, but it had been ransacked so whatever was here
was already taken.
I quickly twirl around as I hear another noise, and slowly another zombie appears but this one
is different as it has a bag strapped to its back. I reach for my sword and, with newfound
confidence, I charge towards the monster before it can attack and effortlessly cleave it from
the waist down.
The zombie crawls towards my leg, but I run my sword through its head, killing it quickly.
You have defeated a Zombie! You have gained 125 EXP! You have earned 99 Credits!
I kneel at the corpse and open the backpack and quickly pull out a couple of items.
[Health Potion] (x3)
[Remedy] - Rank: D
Removes any status ailments.
"Hm, it's not but it's better than nothing." I send the items into my [Inventory].

I leave the shop and continue my venture towards the city square and eventually reach it. In
the square are more zombies but among them are zombies wearing armor and carrying axes
and pipes. They also seem more muscular, more vicious looking and seem to be protecting
the entrance to the building behind them.
[Observe]
Name: Zombie Soldier
Level: 12
HP: 176
MP: 20
SP: 189
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: DEVOUR!
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 23/100]
The Zombie Soldiers let out a roar that catches all of the other zombies' attention. The
soldiers point to me and all of the other zombies rush towards me. It seems that the soldiertypes can direct the lesser zombies.
"You want to dance, fellas? Okay then," I have my sword in my left and a fireball in my right.
"Let's dance!"
I rush at the zombies like a crazed madman. I throw a fireball at a random zombie and
decapitate it. I quickly turn to the other zombie and plunge my sword into its throat, but not
before I feel something on my shoulder. My head snaps back as a zombie immediately
plunges its teeth into my shoulder.
-59 HP
HP - 2581/2,640
"Argh!" But then another zombie appears and bites my right arm.
-146 HP
HP - 2,494/2,640
"GRRRRRRR!" I ignite myself in a coat of fire, burning the zombies off my body. "NOW
YOU'VE DONE IT!" The flames spread to my sword and slice down the other zombies

with ease. I turn my attention to the [Zombie Soldiers] and waste no time in closing the
distance.
The first soldier raises its lead pipe but I parry it with my sword and converge all of the fire
into my hand and form a thin needle and ram it into the monster's torso. The zombie's eyes
and mouth glow orange and fire emerges from every orifice in its body and falls. The groans
of the other soldiers grabs my attention which prompts me to grab the fallen pipe and throw it
at one of the zombies causing it to stagger.
I rush at the staggered monster and jump into the air, taking my sword with both hands and
pulling them back. A white light covers the tip of the sword and I deliver a downward slash,
causing a burst of energy to erupt the moment my sword hits the ground.
The [Zombie Soldier] stands still for a few seconds before its body is split into two. The last
soldier tries to plunge its ax into my back, but I manage to leap away just in time. Ice begins
to appear in my hand and fires a blast of frozen air that freezes the zombie's body before
slamming my sword into the ice sculpture and shattering it into pieces.
Skill Level Up (x3)!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 6/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL/ 6/100]
[Braver LVL. 2/8]
You have defeated Zombies(x4)! You have gained 125 EXP(x4)! You have earned 99
Credits(x4)!
You have defeated Zombie Soldiers(x4)! You have gained 255 EXP(x4)! You have
earned 199 Credits(x4)!
Level Up!
"Haaa... haaa-UGH!" A searing sensation suddenly overtakes me and my exhaustion quickly
switches to pain and I collapse. I raise my left arm and see that the bite mark from the zombie
is completely infected, with black veins popping up and spreading rapidly as the same thing
happening to my right shoulder.
"Shit! I am not dying here of all places!" I open my [Inventory] and take out the [Remedy] I
found in that backpack. I rip off the cord and drink the contents and immediately the black
veins recede and bite marks disappear.
"Haa... much better." I turn my attention to the building just beyond. "Now... what were you
all guarding from me?" I stand up and walk inside the building. The lobby was large and
completely ruined, the remains of what looks to be a front desk can be seen. "This looks like
a bank... and I bet," I point to the vault beyond. "I'll find something useful there."
"RRRROOOOOOOAAAAAAARRRRRR!"

I look up and something massive crashes in, creating a cloud of dust. I cover my eyes but I
can still see something rising from the crater as a massive hand swipes it all away. It is larger
than a normal zombie, it's body is larger, the right arm in particular as it is larger than its
entire body while its left arm just hangs limply a literal string of meat. Its head barely has any
hair and its jaw is completely missing revealing a series of decaying and broken teeth as if it
was hit by something powerful and it only managed to knock out its lower jaw.
Name: Zombie Brute
Level: 15
HP: 370
MP: 34
SP: 567
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL!
"Well, this escalated quickly." I comment as I prepare myself.
The brute roars and charges at me with insane speeds, raising its right arm in an attempt to
punch me. I narrowly dodge the attack and the monster crashes into a pillar due to the
momentum.
"How can something THAT big move so fast!?" I exclaimed.
The giant monster picks itself up from the rubble before turning to my direction. With a
single step, the brute is already right in front of me. I ignite my hand and throw a fireball
right at its face causing it to stagger back. The monster groans in pain as it attempts to put out
the fire.
I dash forward and charge for a [Braver], however I'm caught off guard by the monster's fast
recovery and it swipes me away, where I crash into the wall.
-256 HP
HP: 2,664/2,920
I don't have time to get away as the boss is already in front of me and it sends another punch,
followed by another and another, and another until I lost count.
HP: 2,408/2,920
HP: 2,152/2,920
HP: 1,896/2,920

HP: 1,640/2,920
HP: 1,384/2,920
HP: 1,128/2,920
This fucking monster kept bashing until there's nothing but and a crater a red puddle inside. It
wants me to die.
HP: 616/2,920
But I refuse.
I glare at the massive zombie with [Rage], quickly get on my feet. I charge at the monster as
it raises its arm to deliver one massive punch, but I jump at the last second and climb towards
its head. I leap upwards and ready myself for another [Braver], and this time succeed. The
Brute screams in agony as I twist the sword in its skull before it ignites.
"BURN!" I scream at the monster.
The boss monster lets out another scream as it raises its arm to pull me off, but its arm goes
limp. I jump off as the brute collapses and burns on the floor before I fall as well from
exhaustion and blood loss.
Skill Level Up(x2)!
[Braver LVL. 3/8]
[Fire Control LVL. 9/10]
You have killed Zombie Brute! You have gained 799 EXP! You earned 657 Credits!
Skill unlocked:
[Sonido LVL. 1/100]
A technique that Arrancars can use. It is similar to Shunpo(Flash Step) as it allows the
user to move faster than the eye can follow. However, the key difference is that Sonido
makes a booming or static noise when it is used.
Cost 12 SP
"Ah fuck... that..." I take a deep breath and exhale. "That... fuck!"
[Calm down. It's not like you died]
"I ALMOST died, you moron!" I growled in anger before I calmed down.
[Whatever. Now that the boss is dead, you can open the vault. Maybe you'll find
something worth the effort, yes?]

"Right." I stand up and make my way towards the vault door. I grab the handle and pull and it
moves which takes me by surprise. As the heavy swings open, I walk inside only to find
everything destroyed and whatever valuables that were stored inside gone... except for one.
A silver chest.
"A medieval treasure chest in a modern day bank?" I walk up to the chest and open it, and
what I see shocks me.
Inside the chest is a weapon that looks to be the cross of a gun and a sword. A Gunblade.
However, what draws my attention is the etching across the blade and a lion keychain
attached to the base of the hilt.
[Revolver] - Rank: C
A Gunblade: a blade with a firing mechanism built into the hilt, the barrel running
inside a part of the blade. Triggering a round in the gun chamber sends a shock wave
through the blade, increasing its damage potential, but the timing required is hard to
learn, which is why it takes years to master wielding a gunblade.
This particular Gunblade was owned by Squall Leonhart, as evidenced by the Griever
memorabilia on the weapon.
Deals 153 + STRx1.5 Physical Damage
Skill acquired:
[Renzokuken LVL. 1/10]
Gunblade only.
It sees the user deliver a series of rapid strikes with their gunblade before ending in a
finishing maneuver.
Depending on the hits performed, one can perform the following: Rough Divide, Fated
Circle, Blasting Zone, or Lion Heart as a finishing blow.
400 ~ 6,000x1.5 Physical Damage (Depending on the Gunblade currently equipped)
Cost 38 SP
It's the Gunblade from Final Fantasy 8! I can't believe I have one of the series' most iconic
weapons! This is so cool!
Quest Complete!
First Blood!
Objective 1 (Complete): Defeat 12 Zombies (12/12)

Objective 2 (Complete): Defeat 4 Zombie Soldiers (4/4)
Objective 3 (Complete: Defeat Zombie Brute (1/1)
Reward: 8,958 EXP, 5,427 Credits, Skills, Perks, Gacha Tokens
Level Up(x4)!
Skill Acquired:
[Chromas LVL. 1/10]
W.D. Gaster's signature magic. Allows the user to use different types of magic related to
the seven Soul Traits. It also gives access to the Gaster Blasters and other techniques.
It summons up to seven hands each with a hole in the center, and the color of the
chroma he uses will fill the hole:
Red - Takes the form of lasers or energy blasts.
Orange - Creates small white orbs that when triggered turn orange and release
powerful explosions.
Yellow - Rapid fires small bullets
Green - Summons a shield or dome to block attacks.
Cyan - Fires multiple strings at the target, one for each finger
Blue - Very versatile. Fires up to two circular razor blades per hand.
Purple - Shoots out a purple spike that induces slow healing
Pink - Shoots dark magenta triangular projectiles that when hit induces the target into
a hallucination of their worst fears.
Black - Boosts all other Soul Traits and stats
568 + MAG Physical Damage(x100 when using Black)
Cost 80 MP
Perk acquired:
[Bloodlust]
All physical stats are increased by 25%, but they will be hellbent on killing their
opponents.
Items acquired:

[Iron Bracer] - Rank: D
An iron bracer for your right arm. A little hefty but durable to protect you from above
average physical attacks.
Gains 7% Physical Damage resistance on the armored parts.
[Lesser DEX Crystal] - Rank: E
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's DEX by 5.
[Lesser CHA Crystal] - Rank: E
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's CHA by 5.
[Lesser MAG Crystal] - Rank: E
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's MAG by 5.
[EXP Necklace] - Rank: B
Increases experience obtained by 30%, and slightly raises max AP. WIS +2
[Uncommon Gacha Token(x3)] - Rank: C
Middle Tier Gacha Token, give one random uncommon items like weapons, skills or
perks/traits
I stare at the pile of crystals, necklace and Gacha Tokens. The crystals are a neat bonus, I
thought these would be rare considering what they do. The Gacha Tokens are identical to the
others but it's silver rather than Gold, and though I didn't have time to check the other
Tokens, it'll likely be bronze or something.
Next is the [Iron Bracer] which I immediately strap on my right arm. "Wow, the description
wasn't kidding when it said it was hefty."
I take the crystals and do the same thing I did to the last ones.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer
Race: Human
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 13
HP: 4,040 (404 per minute)
MP: 3,030 (303 per minute)

SP: 2,280 (228 per minute)
AP: Locked
VIT: 101
STR: 127
DEX: 114
END: 62
INT: 49
WIS: 49
MAG: 101
LUK: 36
CHA: 23
Money: 13,812 Credits
Last thing left is the [EXP Necklace], a silver necklace with a crystal hanging by the chains.
"Isn't this from Kingdom Hearts? Oh well, this is my lucky day." I put the necklace around
my neck and hide it under my shirt and use [ID: Escape] to return to the forest.
"What an eventful day. I'm exhausted." I yawn loudly. "I guess I'll go to that inn in Shion that
the bartender was talking about."
I decided to use [Sonido] for the first time in order to not waste anymore time, leaving a
static noise where I was standing. The sensation is incredible, it's like I'm floating just from
taking a single step! It doesn't take too long before I arrive at the village, but that's where I
find something I don't expect.
Bandits.
Bandits from the Branwen Tribe everywhere. Holding everyone hostage.
"Look who finally showed up. You've made us wait for quite some time."
I turn around to see none other than Raven Branwen herself with her henchmen.
"Raven." I glare at her.
"I knew you would return to this village so I decided to give you a welcome home present."
Raven states.
I slowly reach for my sword.

"Don't." Raven's voice stops me from grabbing the handle. "If you grab your sword, I will
order my men to execute everyone in the village."
"You wouldn't dare..."
"If you don't believe me, then do it. Call my bluff. But be warned, the lives of every single
man, woman and child are in your hands." Raven states.
I glare at the bandit queen as I reach for my sword, but then the sound of crying draws my
attention. I turn to see a child crying as their mother hugs them, all the while bandits hold
them at gunpoint.
"Tch, I can't believe I'm doing this." I pull out my sword and throw it at the ground. "There. I
surrender, now let them go."
Raven says nothing and walks up and before I know it, she punches me in the face.
Everything goes black.

Chapter 4: RWBY: A Branwen Welcome
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
A boy runs through the empty streets of town as a mob of adults chase after him. The boy
didn't understand why they were angry. He did all of the work they didn't want to do and only
asked for food and a place to sleep.
"Gah!" The boy falls as he feels a surge of pain and sees an arrow piercing his right thigh.
"Nowhere to run, you little shit!" The mob leader yelled.
"W-Why are you doing this to me...? I... I didn't do anything w-wrong." The boy sobs and gets
stabbed in the torso.
"Shut up! It was a mistake to let you live! You are nothing more than a blight to our village; a
silver-eyed DEMON!"
"We never should have let your parents settle here. We were lucky that they were chewed out
by Grimm, it's a shame you didn't DIE with them! But we will soon fix that." The female
villager said menacingly, holding a machete in hand.
The boy sobs as he holds onto his stab wound. "I-I... sorry..."
"We don't want your apology, boy. WE WANT YOU DEAD!" The villager roars out as
they're about to run him through the heart.
The boy closes his eyes, about to accept his fate, only to hear the sounds of moans and pained
grunts. He opens his eyes and sees the mob on the ground with cuts and bruises. The cause of
their current state is a new figure clad in a white cloak as they turn their attention to the boy.
The boy's eyes can barely keep focus, before they close completely.
[You have rested. HP, MP, and SP are restored]
I groan as I wake up. The first thing I notice is that I'm inside a tent of some sort with a small
table with four cushions in front of me.

"What... happened? Last thing I remember was going to Shion..." As my sight readjusts, I
realize that I'm in a small cage with my hands bound behind my back. "What the fuck!?"
[Oh, you're awake! I thought Raven had killed you with that punch]
That's right. Raven knocked me out after accepting her so called "deal".
Wait a second...
"How did she knock me out? Shouldn't [Gamer's Body] prevent that or something?" I asked.
[Under normal circumstances, yes. I had to make things look... convincing enough so I
forced your consciousness to go into a sort of "sleep mode". Sorry]
"Wait, so you can just... take CONTROL of my body whenever you feel like it!?" I asked
feeling panicked. "That's too creepy, man."
[Look, it was a one-time thing. Don't worry about it]
Yeah. When people say it's a "one-time thing" it never is just one time.
Suddenly, the sound of footsteps deviates my attention and someone walks into the tent. It's a
young woman with tan-colored skin, short brown hair and icy blue eyes. She has a tattoo of a
bird rising from flowers on her left arm. She has a tattoo of a bird rising from flowers on her
left arm. She wore a light brown vest with dark brown panels on the top and a dark brown
buckled strap on the back, over a torn white shirt that was partially unbuttoned revealing
what appears to be a black bra, alongside a collar that appears to be slightly turned up behind
her neck.
She's wearing maroon-colored jeans which cling tightly to her ass with the right side rolled
up to her thigh revealing the dark pink lining alongside a brown belt with a pouch attached to
the right side. She is also wearing dark brown calf guards with one having a garter styled
strap that went under her rolled-up pant leg along with a pair of beige and dark brown lace-up
boots with folded over sides, showing over the white lining accompanied by a pair of maroon
socks that partially covered her calf guards. On her hands she is wearing a pair of gloves with
the right one being fingerless and wrist length with a large cuff whilst the other was elbow
length and covered with a dark brown vambrace. Lastly, she wore a narrow dark brown
choker strap around her neck.
[Observe]
Name: Vernal
Title: Vice-Leader of the Branwen Tribe, Decoy Maiden
Level: 20
HP: 2,699
MP: 0

SP: 3,098
AP: 2,768
Thoughts about you: Weak
Vernal stares at me for a good ten seconds before she turns her head to the outside. "Ma'am!
Your guest is awake."
As soon as she says that, Vernal stands aside and lets Raven walk in. I stared at the Chieftain
of the Branwen Tribe, now without her signature mask on, and got a good look at her face. A
roundish face with barely any blemishes or wrinkles at all, bright red eyes that seem to be
staring directly at my soul and a mane of wild raven-black hair that only made her more
captivating to look at.
Overall, she is one hell of a looker; a gorgeous fucking MILF.
"Leave us." Raven orders and Vernal quickly leaves the tent.
With the decoy maiden gone, Raven turns her full attention to her prisoner and how intensely
he's looking at her.
"Like what you see?" Raven half teased.
"... a bit." I admitted.
"Hmph." Raven slowly walks towards me. "You really are an enigma." She crouches down
and reaches towards my face.
"Don't touch me or I'll bite you." I growl.
Raven ignores me and grabs [Joker's Mask] and pulls it off. "You... have silver eyes."
"Yeah, I know." I said with a bit of bitterness.
"Why do you hide your face behind a mask? Are you hiding from someone?" Raven asked.
I arch an eyebrow. "I could ask you the same question. It seems pretty pointless to hide your
face when it is plastered on wanted posters."
"The mask is merely a decoration. It helps to intimidate my prey." Raven states. "But more
importantly, do you know where you are?"
"Your tribe." I said not as a question but as a fact.
Raven nods and places my mask on the table. "Normally, I don't let anyone into the tribe
unless they are strong enough... or to hold them hostage." She stands up. "But you are
neither."
I merely continue to stare at her.

"You aren't strong or worth a damn. You don't have a Semblance or even have your Aura
unlocked. Yet, somehow, not only have you managed to kill several of my men but also
caught me off guard. You can imagine my disbelief at the whole situation." Raven states with
a glare.
"I like to do the opposite of people's expectations." I told her.
"Does that also include your usage of magic perchance?" Raven asked.
"..." I didn't respond.
"At first, I thought it was just some unique way of Dust weaving, but now I realize that it was
far more than simple Dust. So I will ask this..." Raven suddenly unsheathes her sword and
holds its tip up to my throat. "What sort of honeyed words did you use to make Ozpin give
you his magic?"
I blink at the sudden question. So that's it. She thinks I work for Ozpin because I use magic.
Not surprising, Ozpin was originally the one who gave four girls the power over seasons and
later gave Qrow and Raven the ability to turn into their namesakes.
It would make sense... if she wasn't so horribly wrong.
Ozpin has barely any magic left, he is a shell of the great sorcerer he once was. He is a
bleeding wound and with every reincarnation his magic dindles even more. Even if he
transferred his magic to me, it would have been on a pitiful amount, not even on par to the
Maidens.
Speaking of the Maidens, what was Oz thinking when he gave those girls magic? Did he
think they would be strong enough to kill Salem or something?
'Welp, time to put those acting lessons to good use. Maybe I can find something useful if I
press her hard enough." I thought.
I don't know." I said.
"Don't pull any bullshit with me, boy!" Raven flicks her sword. "I know damn well Ozpin put
you up to it! He wouldn't just give you magic unless it benefitted him!"
"Lady, I have no idea what you're talking about! I've never met Ozpin in my entire life!" I
exclaimed. "I've had this power since I was a kid! I don't know where it came from!"
Raven gives me a good, hard look as she analyzes my features for any signs of lying. For as
long as she can remember, she could always tell whenever people were lying. It was one of
the many traits that makes her an efficient and deadly leader to her tribe. If anyone lied to her,
they would be punished... severely.
Yet when she looks at this boy... she finds nothing. No muscle twitching, no unusual vocal
pitches, nothing! She only sees a scared kid that can't make heads or tails of her questions.

"You... you really don't know, do you?" Raven said almost in surprise and pulled her sword
away from my neck.
Good, she took the hook. Now to reel her in. "How do you know about magic anyway? I
never said that it was magic to begin with."
Raven quickly snaps out of her thoughts and looks at me. "That's none of your business."
Tch, playing hard to get huh? We'll see how long that lasts. "Is it? You capture me, you point
your sword at me asking questions that I can't possibly answer and now you don't want to
answer MY question. You're not being a good host, Raven."
Raven sends a heavy glare at her prisoner. "You're acting quite confident for someone who is
at my mercy."
"Don't worry, it only happens when I smell bullshit." I shrug.
Raven stares for a few seconds and sheathes her sword back in its scabbard. "Tell me, what is
your favorite fairy tale?"
Oh, so we are heading towards that route. All right, then...
"[The Story of the Seasons]. Though if we're talking about personal favorites, then [The
Girl in the Tower] takes the cake. I don't know why, but whenever I read it, there was
always a sense of... melancholy within the words. As if the writer was on the verge of tears
the more he wrote. It always intrigued me." I told her. "But what does that have to do with
anything?"
"What if I told you those stories were real?" Raven said.
I scoffed. "No way."
"Why not? Magic is real, why wouldn't the fairy tales be the same?"
"Because they're fairy tales. Fiction. There's no way such bizarre events actually happened." I
stated.
"While some of the events were exaggerated in order to appeal to readers, they are all based
on true events." Raven said.
"And how do you know all of this?" I asked.
"Because I have the [Spring Maiden] here with me." Raven reveals.
I blink in false shock. "What?"
"Did I stutter? I said I have the [Spring Maiden] here with me." Now, to plant the seeds of
deception. "She came to me after running away from Ozpin's clutches. I trained her to be the
strongest in the tribe, second only to me. I gave her the chance to break free of her chains."

"... what do you want?" I finally asked.
Raven smirks, this is what she's been waiting for. "I can help you control your magic, just
like I helped her. All you need to do... is join me."
The brat looks at me directly in the eyes for what feels like ages... until he finally opens his
mouth.
"Okay."
Raven smiles.
I internally smirked. 'Hook, line, and sinker.'
[Hahahahahaha! I can't believe she bought your act! She's more gullible than I
thought!]
'Yeah. Being cooped up at home all day during a pandemic had its benefits after all.' I
thought. It also helps that [Gamer's Mind] kept my emotions in check otherwise Raven
would have smelled the bullshit by now.
"So, now that I'm part of your little cult, could please let me out?" I asked.
Raven glares at me. Is that all she does?
"We'll have to fix that attitude of yours later." She walks up to the cage and unlocks it. I drag
myself out of the small metal box and stand up, then Raven walks behind and undoes my
restraints.
I glance at the mask and walk up to it. I grab the mask and put it on, "the next time you take
off my mask, I will break your hand."
Raven doesn't respond to the threat and walks out. "Follow me."
I follow her out of the tent and see the Branwen Tribe for the first time. The settlement itself
is simple, yet it's obvious that they were in a rush to put it together. When the wind blows, I
can hear loud creaking coming from some of the tents; a sign that they will not last long.
Another thing I notice is the wooden log wall that surrounds the settlement and beyond that I
can see the trees, signifying that we may be in a forest somewhere in Anima.
"As per tradition, all new members must pass a rite of passage. You will fight against a
warrior of my choosing and if you defeat them or push them out of the ring, then you will be
officially welcomed into the Branwen Tribe."
"So you're saying that, you will decide my fate through gladiatorial combat." I surmised.
Raven nods.
"Aren't you going to unlock my [Aura] first?"

Raven gives me a brief glance. "Why would I do that? You haven't earned your place here.
As far as I'm concerned you don't deserve to have [Aura]."
Harsh.
We reach the far end of the settlement where we find an open area that looks reminiscent of
an arena. Surrounding it are piles of broken metal as well as dried blood stains that have
never quite been cleaned off and were just left there like it's supposed to signify something
from an outsider's perspective.
I look around as people are already making their way here. "I hope this fighter isn't another
dumbass with a stick up their ass."
Raven smirks. "Trust me, this one is special." She turns to the crowd. "Vernal."
On cue, Vernal pushes herself out of the crowd and rushes toward Raven's side.
[She wants to send her decoy to fight you. Granted, she is stronger than the bandits we
fought earlier. She may be give you a better challenge than Shay]
'Speaking of Shay...' I eye the crowd and sure enough, Shay's there now sporting two missing
front teeth; one because of me and the other from Raven herself.
"I hope she's not another dirty blondie, one of them is already bad enough." I quipped.
Shay glares at me with visible anger as everyone in the crowd laughs at him.
"Trust me, Vernal is special. I can assure she is nothing like that living toothpick Shay."
Raven says with confidence.
"Alright, I'll take your word for it." I said and the two of us walked towards the center of the
arena together.
"Before I forget," Raven throws my [Iron Sword] and lands in front of me. "You'll need
this."
I pick up the sword and after a couple of swings, I'm ready.
Quest Alert!
Quest: Welcome to the Branwen Tribe.
Looks like you'll have to fight to survive and against Vernal of all people!
Objective: Pass the Rite of Passage
Rewards: 2,560 EXP, 900 Credits
"Begin!"

Vernal starts off by pulling out a pair of crescent shaped blades, each with a ring-shaped
center. The large outer blades have hooked points that point back toward the grip. They have
four smaller blades located in pairs above and below the grip, which is wrapped in red cloth
and curved to form part of the middle ring. The large outer blades are capable of collapsing
toward the grip. Atop the ring and below the upper blades is a pair of rectangular gun barrels.
Within the main ring is a smaller, thinner ring connected by a pin to the forward facing
portion of the weapons, acting as a trigger for the barrels.
She shoots and I instinctively use my sword to deflect the bullets, which ricochet and hit
some of the spectators.
I swing my sword in an arc before dashing towards the bandit girl for an attack, but she
swifts her weapons to their melee form and uses the blades to catch my attack. I push forward
and Vernal pushes back, causing the metal to grind and sparks to fly out.
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 7/100]
"You're not going to win. So why don't you do us both a favor and admit defeat?" Vernal
mocked.
Rather than answer, I use my [Determination] to increase my strength and push onward.
Vernal struggles as she is becoming overwhelmed in this deadlock as she begins to lose
ground, only to be suddenly sent flying by a roundhouse kick to the torso.
Vernal doesn't have time to get her bearings as she sees her opponent leaping upwards to send
a downwards strike that she barely manages to dodge. She doesn't have time to counter as her
opponent gives her no breathing room, sending slash and stabs that force her to adopt a
defensive stance.
"How the hell are you forcing me back this much!? You don't even have [Aura]!" Vernal
screams in frustration.
I smirk. "The secret is simple: push ups, sit ups, and plenty of juice."
Vernal felt her eye twitch. "Are you trying to be cute!?"
"Bitch," I twirl my sword and hit her in the stomach with the butt causing her to stagger back
a bit. "I'm fucking adorable."
Raven chuckles silently at the jab.
Vernal coughs and glares at me. "That's it! No more playing around!" A light suddenly
surrounds her body.
I arch an eyebrow. "You weren't using [Aura] this entire time? Did you think I was so weak
you wouldn't need it? Talk about arrogant."

Vernal grits her teeth and begins to shoot at me. She runs around, encircling me in a flurry of
light infused bullets.
I start to lose track of her movements. 'Does she have a Speed Semblance or something?' I
deflect her bullets but some of them manage to get through my blindspots and hit me from
the sides and legs.
-344 HP
HP: 3,696/4,040
-344 HP
HP: 3,352/4,040
-344 HP
HP: 3,008/4,040
I collapsed from the wounds in my legs.
'NOW!' Vernal rushes towards me at fast speeds.
"!" I wasn't able to react in time and before I know it, she stabs in both shoulders.
-597 HP
HP: 2,411/4,040
Shay smirks. "Looks like we have a winner."
"..." Raven stares intensely at the two.
Vernal's smile threatens to spit her face. This is it. There is no way the brat can fight two
blades stabbing his shoulders. He was a fool to believe he could beat her without [Aura] and
this is proof of that. She has won!
"Hmph." Vernal looks up to see her opponent staring at her neutrally, like he doesn't even
acknowledge the blades on his shoulders. "Is that best you can do?"
Vernal can only blink before something hits her in the head and sends spiraling backwards,
ending up face-first on the ground. She raises her head and spits out the dirt and sees what hit
her: a floating, skeletal-like hand with a hole in the middle.
"W-What...?" Vernal tries to comprehend what she's seeing.
"You may want to move. I still don't have complete control over this thing." The hole in the
hand glows a bright red before shooting a red laser at Vernal causing an explosion.
When the smoke clears, everyone sees Vernal struggling to move before her [Aura] fades
completely and she collapses from exhaustion.

Skill Level Up!
[Chroma LVL. 2/10]
Quest Complete!
Quest: Welcome to the Branwen Tribe.
Objective (Complete): Pass the Rite of Passage
Rewards: 2,562 EXP, 900 Credits
Level Up!
"Would you look at that? I won." I said.
Everyone in the audience was shocked. Someone defeated Vernal, Raven's top lieutenant,
whom she personally trained to be the deadliest warrior in the tribe. And she was beaten by
some no-name brat from the sticks who didn't even have their [Aura] unlocked!? No one
could believe it! And what was with that laser beam!? Where did it come from!?
'What the hell was that!?' Raven frantically thought. 'I thought he had magic similar to the
Maidens, but this is not what I was expecting!' She sees the floating hand vanish from
sight. 'Looks I need to keep a closer eye on him.'
I turn my attention to Raven and make my way towards her, ignoring the stares I'm getting
from everyone.
"I won. Now unlock my [Aura]." I demanded.
Raven blinks out of her stupor and glares at me. "You have a lot of nerve making demands of
me."
"I'm merely reminding you to keep your end of the bargain. I don't trust you enough to know
you'll keep a promise." I countered.
We each get into a staring contest. Raven can easily kill me right now for openly denying her
like this, but I know she wants me around for the power I just revealed. She won't just throw
away a powerful pawn so that others can use it against her later. She'll try to persuade me to
stay permanently, but the question is how.
[She may try to coerce you through riches or other things they may get from raids. That
or try to use her body for sex. Both options seem possible]
"Very well. A deal is a deal. And Raven Branwen always fulfills her promises." Raven
relents.
I mentally scoff. Tell that to the family you abandoned.

She puts her hand on my shoulder. "Close your eyes and concentrate." I do so without reply
and immediately I feel something flow through me from her hand. It's warm and very
relaxing.
"For it is in risk we gain survival. Through this, we become a paragon of duty and
sacrifice to outlast all others. Infinite in reach and unbound by ties, I release your soul,
and by my hand, set thee free." Raven chants like Pyrrha did for Jaune. It sounds like a
magic incantation more than anything. She takes her hand off my shoulder and I open my
eyes.
"...!?" I can see the outline of her red aura and then look at my own body, noticing what looks
like a black outline. 'So that's my aura color... not bad.'
Quest Complete!
Quest: Welcome to Remnant!
Objective 1 (Complete): Find a weapon
Objective 2 (Complete): Unlock your Aura
Rewards: 15,000 EXP, 6,400 Credits, Skills
Level Up(x5)!
Skills acquired:
[Heal LVL. 1/10]
Cost 20 MP
Allows the user to restore 20% of HP
[Lockpick LVL. 1/10]
Cost 20 SP
Allows the user to pick any locked door or chest
Semblance unlocked!
[Survival]
A passive Semblance that boosts a person's power. If an opponent is stronger than you,
the Semblance will work to exceed their strength, likewise should the user be facing
danger.
Awesome, I got a healing skill. Now I don't have to worry about running out of healing
potions. Lock picking is also a pretty useful skill, I can get through locks no problem.

The only thing that I wasn't too excited about was my Semblance. Don't get me wrong, I'm
happy that I finally got a Semblance, but there's something weird about it.
This Semblance is... wrong. It doesn't feel right. Like it's not even mine.. it makes me sick.
"Now that you are officially one of us, there are laws you must follow." Raven's voice snaps
me out of my thoughts. "First is that the tribe always comes first. No matter what you do, it
must benefit the survival of the tribe. The second is you must follow all of my orders without
exception. If you defy even one of my orders you will be branded a traitor and be killed on
sight."
Rather than being frightened, I simply give her a blank stare and nod.
Raven clicks her tongue at my blank expression. "The final and most important rule is one
even I follow: Survival of the Fittest. The weak die and the strong survive. If I find you weak
or lagging behind, I will not hesitate to dispose of you myself, so I suggest that from this
point onwards you focus on nothing but growing stronger." With that, Raven walks away and
pretty soon everybody goes their separate ways.
A couple of bandits help Vernal up and take her to somewhere likely to get some rest.
[What a day, huh? You're not here for even a week and already you've managed to piss
off an amazon crime boss. I'll start thinking about what to say in the eulogy]
"Haa... whatever, I'm too tired to care. Let's find a place to sleep." I start my tread through the
makeshift settlement to find a place to rest. I wander aimlessly through the manmade path,
ignoring the glares and whispers from the denizens of this filthy place. It's annoying. I spot a
tent on the far end of the settlement, near the main gate and walk inside. Inside the tent is a
bed with what looks like skin fur on top that looks like it's being used as bed sheets. On the
side is a bucket with water in it with a large shard of glass as a mirror. There's a chest with
clothes inside and at the far end is another bucket that I'm not even gonna bother to check.
I look around and nod. "Yeah. This could work." I sit on the bed and open my status screen.
"Okay so how do I use my Gacha Tokens?"
[Simply tap the "G" on the ticket and it will be replaced with one random item or
ability]
"Okay...?" I tap on the [Common Gacha Token] and they appear in my hand. They're two
brownish tickets with a green "G" in the middle. I follow Tobi's instructions and tap on the
"G" and the ticket vanishes before me and it is replaced with... a water bottle?
Congratulations! You have gained [Water Bottle]!
[Water Bottle] - Rank: E
A simple plastic water bottle containing cool fresh water.
Wow. When it said it was common, I didn't think it was going to be literal. Well, I am kind of
thirsty right now, so why not?

I drink the water bottle and use the second Gacha Token.
Congratulations! You have gained [Used Band Aid]!
[Used Band Aid] - Rank: E
A used Band Aid. It has been used by someone already. There's even a bit of blood on it.
Restores no HP.
A Band Aid!? Seriously!? It doesn't even do anything! And it even has blood on it!
I incinerate the crappy prize. "Well, this is the least useful thing I could've gotten." I pull out
my three [Uncommon Gacha Tokens] and activate them. "Hope I get something good."
Congratulations! You have gained [Pretty Magic Ring]!
[Pretty Magic Ring] - Rank: B
Raises MAG by 6.
Congratulations! You have gained [Geokinesis]!
[Geokinesis LVL. 1/10]
Cost 56 MP
The ability to psychically move earth about as though by Telekinesis, at will. It allows
the user to psychically alter earth's texture, density, fluidity, temperature and the like,
at will as well as induce or prevent earth-related phenomena.
Deals 80 + INTx1.3 Earth Damage
Congratulations! You have gained [Phoenix Down]
[Phoenix Down] - Rank: A
Brings the dead back to life and increases HP and MP recovery rate
Another elemental skill. Awesome! From the description, Geokinesis sounds like Earth
Bending from Avatar which means I can pull off most of the stuff Toph can do in the show.
Oh, this is gonna be fun.
The glowing orange feather grabs my attention. A Phoenix Down. Another iconic item from
Final Fantasy. These things weren't cheap in the game, about +1000 Gil if I remember
correctly. In the older games, they would revive you with only half of your health but Final
Fantasy 15 gives you a full restore.
The final item is a ring with a crystal that is emitting a bluish glow. I put it on my right ring
finger and I can already feel my magical reserves growing just by putting it on. It's such a
wonderful feeling.

"Now for the last one." I pull out my [Legendary Gacha Token] and stare at it. If RPGs
have taught me anything, it is that items like this are very, very, hard to come by. There's a
less than 5% chance of getting them.
And considering how bad my luck is when it comes to gambling, I'm a little scared of using it
and getting something bad. What if I get something useless? I just wasted what's essentially a
golden egg for nothing.
Anxiety and fear grips my mind but it quickly vanishes thanks to [Gamer's Mind]. "I
shouldn't think so negatively. I should be positive. I may just get something great, hell,
maybe something GODLY."
Without any hesitation, I tap the [Legendary Gacha Token].
... and immediately get crushed by a giant green rock.
"Gah, what the hell!?" I scream out while being tackled by the sudden weight.
Congratulations! You have gained [Master Emerald]!
[Master Emerald] - Rank: EX
A source of unbound and infinite energy. It is said to have been created by the gods
after watching people using the Chaos Emeralds for evil deeds, and equipped the gem to
be able to negate the energy of the Chaos Emeralds as well as enhance them, turning
them into Super Emeralds.
It usually resides in a shrine on Angel Island where it has been guarded by the Knuckles
Clan for centuries. In the modern era, it is guarded by Knuckles the Echidna.
"Urrrrgh... AH!" I managed to get the damn off me. "Fuck, I thought I was gonna die. Still..."
I touch the massive gem as I stare at my giddy reflection. "I can't say I'm not happy with the
results."
[Why? Cause you can finally go Super Saiyan?]
"Well I'm not actually gonna do that." I scoffed. While achieving a Super form is very
tempting, it'll definitely drain my stamina and, unlike Sonic, there aren't any Rings floating
around for me to collect.
[So what CAN this thing do?]
"Well, it can power up the Chaos Emeralds as well as shut them down. But most of the time it
keeps Angel Island... afloat..." I then come to a horrifying realization. Knuckles guards the
Master Emerald, then Dr. Eggman would steal it and use it to power whatever contraption
he's made.
In other words, it's a plot device. Which means...

"This thing is useless!" I scream out. "Without something to channel it, the [Master
Emerald] is just a giant glowing green rock!"
[If that's the case then what are you going to do with it?]
[Gamer's Mind] kicks in and I let out a sigh. "For now, I'll just put it in my inventory. Even
if I don't have a way to use it, that doesn't mean I'll just leave it lying around for Raven or,
god forbid, Ironwood to get his cold mechanical fingers all over it." I open
my [Inventory] and place the [Master Emerald] inside.
Just then, the sound of footsteps flood my ears and a bandit walks inside my tent..
"Hey! What the fuck are you doing in my tent!?" The bandit demands.
I don't even bother turning to them and make my way towards the bed. "What does it look
like? I'm going to sleep."
"Not in here! Get out of here!" The bandit yells at me.
"How about no?" I take off my shoes and fall on the mattress. "I'm going to sleep now."
The bandit takes out their gun and aims it at me. "Get out of my tent or else."
I close my eyes and take a deep breath.
Outside
"AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" The denizens of the camp turn to the sound of
screaming as they see someone flying in the sky before they crash into a pile of chopped
wood. "Ow..."
"Moron." I close my eyes and quickly fall asleep.
*CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!*
The sound of burning wood, crackling as it is slowly consumed by another force of nature.
The boy slowly opens his eyes before closing them due to the sudden light hitting his eyes.
"Ahhh..." He tries to speak but finds that his throat is too dry.
*THUD!*
"Ah!" A high-pitched voice hits his eardrums followed by an echoey thud.
The boy turns to the voice to find a woman wearing a white hoodie over her head.
"Y-You're awake!" The woman said. She sees him try to speak but all she gets are raspy
noises. "Wait, wait! I have just the thing!" She crawls towards a nearby bag and begins to

search it. "Aha!" She pulls out what looks to be a metal bottle.
The woman approaches me and gets on her knees. She takes the cap off the bottle and uses
her arm to pull the voice close. "Here. Drink up."
With no other option, the boy does as he is told. The moment the water flows down his throat,
he starts to feel relief and then slowly he begins to regain some strength.
"You... have silver eyes... " The woman comments.
After another minute, the woman pulls the bottle away from his mouth.
"Thank you..." The boy said. "Why-"
"Why did I save you? That's a silly question." He can feel the radiating positivity coming
from her. "It's because saving people is always the right thing to do!"
"Oh... okay." The boy clearly didn't buy that.
"By the way, could you tell me why those villagers were after you." She could feel the boy's
body stiffening at the question. Tears begin to roll off his eyes.
"M-M-M-My p-parents.... T-hey k-k-killed monsters, but... they n-never came back."." The
boy sobbed.
"So, they were Huntsmen? That doesn't explain why they wanted to hurt you."
"I'm... c-cursed. A blight that destroys everything it touches. They said that my eyes... aattract m-monsters." The boy tells her. "I-It would have been b-better if I-I j-just
disappeared..."
The woman doesn't say anything and instead prompts to smack the boy in the head.
"OW!" He tries to nurse that inflamed lump on his head. "What was that for!?"
"You're so stupid. How can you believe such a thing? Because let me tell you something, you
aren't a curse." The woman's voice is stern yet gentle. "You aren't a blight upon the world.
You're a boy. An innocent, kind boy who doesn't deserve what he got."
"B-But my parents-"
"Would be very mad at you if they heard you talking like that. I know I am." She said, puffing
her cheeks like she's pouting but then she gets an idea. "That's it. I have the perfect idea, I'm
adopting you."
The boy blinks. "Wait what? You can't just-"
"Nope."
"But-"

"Nope."
"Will you just let me finish-"
"NOOOOOOPE!"
"Fine." The boy said reluctantly.
The woman joyfully claps her hands. "Yay! I always wanted a son!" Then she realizes
something. "By the way, I just realized I never got your name."
The boy looks down. "I... don't have a name. The villagers said I don't deserve one."
"Well, this wouldn't do at all." She cups her chin and gets an idea. "I got it!"
The boy looks at her with anticipation.
"Your new name is..."
*Chirp, Chirp, Chirp*
I slowly open my eyes and am greeted with cries of birds flying nearby.
[You have rested. HP, MP, and SP are restored]
"That dream again..." I slowly pull myself up as I wipe my eyes from sleep dust. "Ngh...
Tobi? What's going on...? Why am I having these dreams? And why do I feel like I have a
hangover?"
[Your soul is trying to synchronize with your vessel. Your mind is catching up with over
a decade's worth of memories]
I massage my forehead. "Fuck... why do I have a hangover...?"
[Don't be a baby, it just a side effect of your synchronization. It'll pass any second now
anyway]
I walk around the tent and notice something is missing. "Don't tell me bandits can't steal
themselves a toothbrush and paste?"
[If you're worried about your hygiene, don't worry. {Gamer's Body} makes sure your
body is kept in pristine condition. So you don't have to worry about bad breath when
you're kissing Raven]
"Why would...?" I quickly stop myself from falling into my partner's bait and open my menu.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer

Race: Human
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 19
HP: 5,720 (572 per minute)
MP: 4,290 (429 per minute)
SP: 3,240 (324 per minute)
AP: 3,150 (315 per minute)
VIT: 143
STR: 181
DEX: 162
END: 86
INT: 67
WIS: 105
MAG: 143
LUK: 48
CHA: 29
Money: 17,367 Credits
"Look. I'm not sure how long we'll last here before Raven decides to do something drastic
and borderline insane. I should probably try to grind some levels before the inevitable
happens."
[If you wanna grind, you'll likely need to hit at least hit two or three dungeons]
"That's the plan." I open the [ID: Create] Menu.
New Dungeon unlocked!
Dungeons Available:
Undead Dungeon (Complete)
Lizardman Dungeon
?

?
I select the [Lizardman Dungeon] and much like the last time the environment quickly
changes as trees stroud from the ground and reach incredible heights and eventually I was in
a forest.
Quest Alert!
Bandit life
The Lizardmen have some hidden treasure in their cave. Find it and kill anyone who
gets in your way.
Objective: Plunder the treasure
Rewards: 9,977 EXP, 7,409 Credits, Items, Skills
"Sounds easy enough." I pull out my [Iron Sword] and start walking.
Out of nowhere, arrows fly towards me at an unprecedented rate. [Muscle Memory] quickly
takes over and I backflip before the arrows can hit me. More arrows appear but I break them
with a swing of my sword, but that's when they opt their game and launch a spear at me.
I catch it and throw it back, which results in a high-pitched shriek as something comes
rushing out of the deep bushes.
It looks like a large black lizard, about as large as a fully-grown human, and wears a loincloth
around its crotch. It also has a primitive-looking quiver strapped to its back. But the most
obvious detail about it is the spear poking its chest and its constant, reptilian-like cries of
agony.
[Observe]
Name: Black Lizardman Archer
Level: 17
HP: 98/268
MP: 87
SP: 145
Thoughts about you: PAIN!
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 24/100]
I grab the spear and push it down to drive the weapon deeper into the lizard monster's chest.
After loud screaming and death throes, the monster's body goes limp and breathes its last.

You have defeated a Black Lizardman Archer! You have gained 569 EXP! You have
earned 427 Credits!
More Lizardmen begin to come out of hiding, each of them in varying colors, sizes, and
weapons.
Name: Green Lizardman Archer
Level: 14
HP: 113
MP: 76
SP: 124
Thoughts about you: KILL
Name: Red Lizardman Warrior
Level: 15
HP: 241
MP: 34
SP: 178
Thoughts about you: SLASH
Name: Orange Lizardman Barbarian
Level: 19
HP: 288
MP: 54
SP: 200
Thoughts about you: CRUSH!
The red lizard warriors let out a high-pitched screech and charge at me and dodge their
slashes and stabs. I quickly get through its defense and stab one of them in the heart, killing it
instantly.
The archers shoot their arrows but I use the new recently deceased corpse as a shield to take
all of the arrows. I throw the corpse before using [Fire Control] to ignite it, sending a large
flaming projectile and those annoying archers and instantly catch fire from that.

You have defeated the Red Lizardman Warrior! You have gained 679 EXP! You have
earned 501 Credits!
You have defeated Green Lizardman Archers(x2)! You have gained 588 EXP(x2)! You
have earned 467 Credits(x2)!
Level Up!
A loud roar of the large orange lizard man and its warriors quickly grabs my attention.
The massive cold-blooded monster rushes in to try and grab me but I grab its hands and we
end up in a deadlock.
The lizardmen hiss and decide to take this chance and attack.
"Shit." I summon a green and yellow [Chromas] and the green one encases me in a green
barrier, slicing the brute's arms off. It roars in pain and falls to the ground. Yellow tears the
other lizardmen apart in a volley of rapid fire, their bodies becoming nothing more than a
bloody and gory mess on the ground.
I turn my attention back to the larger lizard, now writhing in a pool of its own blood.
Skill Level Up!
[Chroma LVL. 3/10]
"I could leave you here to bleed to death, but I'm not that cruel." I stab it in the head and kill
it.
You have defeated Red Lizardman Warrior(x2)! You have gained 679 EXP(x2)! You
have earned 501 Credits(x2)!
You have defeated an Orange Lizardman Vanguard! You have gained 799 EXP! You
have earned 657 Credits!
Level Up!
I pull my sword out of its skull. "Now let's find that cave." I look at a mountain not too far
from where I am. "Hm, that mountain is a good place to start." I was to start the long tread
but then I thought of something. "Wait a minute," I activate [Chromas] and summon a Gaster
Blaster in front of me.
It is just like it is portrayed in the games and art: a disembodied dragon-like skull with sharp
fangs for teeth. It has two glowing silver eyes in its sockets just like mine and it is big enough
for a person to ride on it.
I jump on top of the summon and we fly off.
"This is nice." I said with a smile.

After some time, I arrive at the foot of the mountain and, as I expected, there is an entrance to
the mountain. However, it is guarded by a bunch of multiple lizardmen, each of different
appearance... and they just spotted me.
"Alright, let's give this a whirl." I extend my arm and summon seven [Chromas] behind me.
"Let's see what you can do."
It was a massacre.
The lizardmen stood no chance against my [Chromas]. I spammed the blue and
red [Chromas] and decimated the first wave of monsters. The Barbarians let out a war cry
and charge at me, but I incinerate them all with a blast of my Gaster Blaster.
Before the cave entrance was full of lizardmen guarding it, with a wall made of wood
surrounding it.
Now it looked like a bomb hit the area, all of the trees and plants have been completely
burned off. The wooden wall is now ashes, giving me access to the cave.
You have defeated Red Lizardman Warrior(x7)! You have gained 679 EXP(x7)! You
have earned 501 Credits(x7)!
You have defeated Green Lizardman Archers(x5)! You have gained 588 EXP(x5)! You
have earned 467 Credits(x5)!
You have defeated an Orange Lizardman Barbarian(x5)! You have gained 799 EXP(x5)!
You have earned 657 Credits(x5)!
Level Up(x4)!
Skill acquired:
[Mana Sense LVL. 1/10]
Allows user to feel the presence of those who have magic
"Oh shit. This will make finding the Maidens a whole lot easier." I said as I dismissed my
summons.
I walk into the cavern and follow the torches that lead further down.
"Hm, everything looks normal." That is until a bright orange light catches my vision. I roll
aside as the fireball flies past me. "That was close." I turn to the source of the attack.
In front of me is a lizardman. However, this lizardman is wearing a one-piece purple robe
with the hood up and has silver armor strapped on top of it. It's holding a wooden staff that
curbs at the end and has a metal bracelet attached to the base of the curb.
Lizardman Wizard

Level: 21
HP: 401
MP: 323
SP: 134
Thoughts about you: INTRUDER!
The wizard raises its staff and conjures balls of light that quickly launch themselves straight
towards me.
I smash my foot on the ground and a wall of earth rises to block the laser beams, then I
extend my arms forward which causes the earth wall to launch towards the reptilian mage.
The wizard puts both of its hands on the staff and slams it into the ground, causing a magic
dome to surround causing the incoming wall to break into pieces the moment it makes
contact.
"A magic shield, huh? I wonder though..." I raise my hands and widen my posture. "If it can
handle THIS!"
The mountain begins to shake violently. Birds fly off their nests and the rest of the animals
run as far away as possible.
"HRRRRAAAAAAARGH!" I throw my arms down and with it a large piece of the roof
comes down and destroys the magic shield and crushes the wizard inside.
You have defeated a Lizardman Wizard! You have gained 1,298 EXP! You have earned
989 Credits!
Skill Level Up!
[Geokinesis LVL. 5/10]
"Fuck yes! I just pulled an Avatar!" A piece of rock rises up and I play around with it. "You
can call me the last Earth Bender, bitch!"
[Hehe, yeah. But don't you have a quest to finish? That's like your whole reason for
being here?]
A wave of calmness washes on me. "Oh right, right." I throw the rock away and make the
tread onwards. I pass the rock pillar and the bloody puddle under it. "Excuse me."
"So, do I go on a quest every time I go into a dungeon?" I asked.
[Am I hearing complaining from you? Are you complaining that I'm making things easy
for you? Because if that's the case, I can make life hard for you. Like, really hard]

"What? No. Where did you get that idea? I'm just wondering if that's the norm here."
[Oh, well, yes. Every time you go to a dungeon, you will get a quest. Sometimes from me
(which is what you're doing now) and sometimes from the environment itself. Don't ask
me how that works, I have absolutely no idea]
"Huh. And here I thought the system knew everything. Guess you learn something new
everyday."
[Don't get smart with me. You know less than I do]
"Whatever." I continued on until I came across an opening and walked inside and in it I was
appalled.
Gold. Gold everywhere.
A massive pile of gold that towers over me, it's so high that it can touch the ceiling. In the
pile are other items sticking out like jewels, chests and such.
"Oh... my... god..." I smile forms on my face. "I'm gonna be rich!" But then I realized
something. "Wait, how am I going to get it out of here?"
[Just open your Inventory. It'll suck it in like the Master Emerald]
"Oh, okay." I opened my [Inventory] but unlike usual the rift opened underneath the pile and
was just... sucked into it like a black hole. "That was... interesting."
Currency conversion complete! You now have 10,000,029,920 Credits!
You have acquired the following:
[Lesser END Crystal] - Rank: D
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's END by 5.
[Lesser INT Crystal] - Rank: D
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's INT by 5.
[Lesser CHA Crystal] - Rank: D
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's CHA by 5.
[Lesser LUK Crystal] - Rank: D
A weak crystal that when crushed, increases one's LUK by 5.
[Perfect Amulet] - Rank: A
An ornate amulet which serves as a key to the Temen-ni-gru's gate to the Demon World
as well as awaken a certain demon sword.

[Risky Dice] - Rank: A
A card found in the Greed Island game. If rolled and ends on "Excellent Luck", user's
luck will increase by 20 but if it ends on "Great Misfortune", user will lose 20.
[Engine Sword] - Rank: C
A one-handed sword fused with an engine at the hilt.
It is Noctis Lucis Caelum's "iconic" weapon, gifted to him by his father on his 16th
birthday.
299 + 1.5xSTR Physical damage
[Legendary Gacha Token(x3)]
[Uncommon Gacha Token(x4)]
Quest Complete!
Bandit life
Objective(Complete): Plunder the treasure
Rewards: 9,977 EXP, 7,409 Credits, Perks, Skills
Level Up(x3)!
Perks acquired:
[Apprentice Magus]
Increases the effectiveness of spells by 10%
Decreases MP consumption by 10%
[Gambler's Charm]
Games of chance are impossible to lose
[Element Amp]
Strengthens all elemental attacks by 50%
Skills acquired:
[Blade Beam LVL. 1/10]
Deals damage to the first enemy that you target for 3.5x the normal damage of the
user's weapon. A secondary beam will burst from the first enemy you hit which will hit

all of the other enemies on the battlefield. This secondary beam hits for 1.0x the normal
damage.
I clasp my hands together in an evil sort of way. "Ohohohoho. Looks like my luck is starting
to turn." I take out the crystals and promptly crush them and their energy fuses into me.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer
Race: Human
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 27
HP: 7,960 (796 per minute)
MP: 10,830 (1083 per minute)
SP: 4,520 (452 per minute)
AP: 4,350 (435 per minute)
VIT: 199
STR: 253
DEX: 226
END: 253
INT: 226
WIS: 145
MAG: 361
LUK: 199
CHA: 172
Money: 10,000,037,329 Credits
I use [ID: Escape] and return to my tent. Not only am I filthy rich now, but now my luck has
increased exponentially. Then there's the amulet from Devil May Cry which I wasn't
expecting. It's too bad Sparda's sword wasn't in the pile of treasure instead, otherwise it
would have been awesome.
I mean, I am not complaining. The [Engine Sword] isn't too bad.

"I wonder if I'll find the rest of them. I should also try to look for the [Chaos
Emeralds], they would be a great asset to have." I said.
[I can help with that]
Conditions met!
Quest: Chaos Quest
You have the Master Emerald, so why not try to complete the whole set.
Objective: Find the Chaos Emeralds (0/7)
Reward: Item, Perk, Skill, Legendary Gacha Token(x5)
I smiled. "This will be fun."
Meanwhile
Raven sits on the floor doing maintenance on her weapon, yet the events of yesterday are still
replaying in her head. "His magic is more powerful than I thought. He didn't even seem to
flinch when she stabbed him." The laser beam was something nobody expected, it oneshotted Vernal, draining her aura completely. "If he had put more power into it, he could have
killed her." It was obvious to her that the kid was powerful, he could be the greatest asset to
the tribe. However, it's obvious even to her that he will never submit to her rules. He is just
like her bastard brother and that other brat she used to take care of.
"It's obvious he won't submit to me." Raven stares at her reflection on the blade. "Ozpin and
Salem can never have him... I will make sure of that."

Chapter 5: RWBY: The End of An Era
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
It's been five weeks since I've been indoctrinated into the Branwen Tribe, and things have
been going exactly as I expected.
For starters, Raven spars with me nonstop (not training, sparring). Like as soon as I had
breakfast, she would literally drag me to the arena and we would spar for the first half of the
day. On the other hand, my [Movement Mastery] level has gone up a few times because I
had to constantly dodge Raven's merciless attacks. Truth is, I can keep up with her no
problem (at least when she's not using magic), I just pretend to be weak physically so that she
doesn't get too suspicious of my sudden growth.
Around lunchtime, everyone gets their portion except for me. The other bandits would joke
that new members have to hunt for their own food which I obviously could see was total
bullshit, but this worked as an excuse to leave the settlement.
Shay would use this time to harass me about being so weak that I can't hunt for my own food
which I rebuttal saying that if I'm weak and I beat you doesn't that make him even less of a
man? He answered this by throwing his drink at me.
At this point, I was a mere inch away from killing him, but I knew I couldn't do that.
... not yet anyway.
So, instead, I just use [Sonido] to go to the nearest town and buy lunch there. It's certainly
way better than spending my time hunting in the wild for prey that may not even exist around
here. When I returned, the only person who questioned my speed was Raven. I told her that I
unlocked my Semblance which she bought instantly. After that, it was more sparring until
nighttime.
Let's be real here, Raven's training is absolute garbage. Hell, I can't even call it training, she
just beats me everyday to the point of exhaustion. I think she does this to provoke me into
using my magic. That or she's finally gone crazy.
[It's most likely a mix of both]

However, it was on the start of my 6th week in the tribe that everything took a turn for the
horrible.
Evening
"That's enough." Raven sheathes her sword.
I fell ass-first on the ground. "Finally."
"Don't get comfortable. We'll be right back to training tomorrow." Raven said.
I huff. "Training? You call this training? You've been beating my ass with a hand tied behind
your back since I got here. You never taught me any real techniques, you've just been using
me as a punching bag."
"I don't have to explain my methods to you, brat." Raven argued.
"Admit it Raven, you don't wanna teach me anything because if you did I might become
stronger than you." I countered.
Raven's grip on her sword tightens.
"I know you're afraid, Raven."
Raven's eyes widened.
"I know that my magic scares you and that's fine. It's perfectly normal to fear what you don't
understand." I smirked.
"I am not afraid of you." Raven growls.
I then shrug. "Whatever. I'm not going to argue with you about this." I stand up. "I'll see you
tomorrow... or not. I might be gone then." I give her a little wave and vanish with [Sonido].
Raven grits her teeth, her eyes letting out a red haze as the ground under her begins to crack.
"You stupid brat!"
I walk inside and jump face-first to my bed. It's old as hell and the springs are coming out but
it's better than sleeping on the floor.
[Well, another day, another way to piss Raven off. You really like pushing her buttons
don't you]
I turn to look up at the ceiling. "At this point, it's just a game of whether or she'll fall to my
bait, and if you haven't noticed she's cracking at the seams."
[You really like to screw with people, don't you?]
"Hm."
[By the way, what do you plan to do after you leave the tribe?]

I opened my status menu. "I don't know. Maybe go to Vale? I don't really wanna get involved
with Ozma's shenanigans, but it seems like that's unavoidable no matter where I go."
Dungeons available:
Zombie Dungeon (Complete)
Lizardman Dungeon (Complete)
Bird Dungeon
?
I press the [Bird Dungeon] icon.
In an instant, I am transported from my tent to the bottom of a cliffside. I look at the cliff and
see the dozens of nests situated at the edge.
Side Quest!
Missing Bird!
A nesting ground but no birds? Why is that? Find the source of this decline
Objective: Find the source of this decline
Reward: 10,000 EXP, 7,853 Credits
I stare at the top of the mountain, "I guess I should probably start climbing." I grab the rocky
formations and slowly start to climb. In my past life, I never tried climbing but I never
thought climbing would be this easy. Suddenly, something latches itself onto my shoulders
and lifts me upwards before dropping me somewhere in the mountain.
"Oof, what the?" I look back to see three half human, half bird creatures in front of me. One
of them has what looks to be a crude spear in their hand.
Name: Male Harpy
Level: 19
HP: 378
MP: 277
SP: 509
Thoughts about you: Prey
Name: Spear Harpy
Level: 21

HP: 478
MP: 308
SP: 501
Thoughts about you: Prey
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 25/100]
I throw fireballs at the three monsters, but they all manage to fly out of the way. The harpy
with the spear doesn't waste a second and charges at me with its spear, however, the spear
simply bounces off and the avian monster tries to stabilize itself.
-400 Damage
AP: 3,950/4,350
HP: 7,960/7,960
"So this is what it feels like to be protected by [Aura]? Nice." I switched my [Iron
Sword] with [Revolver]. "Let me give you something in return." I leap and use [Braver] to
cleave the Harpy in two.
You have killed Spear Harpy! You have gained 886 EXP! You have earned 601 Credits!
Level Up!
Skill Level Up!
[Braver LVL. 3/8]
[Blade Mastery LVL. 8/100]
I slam my hand to the ground and a platform rises from the earth. I jump on it and leap
upwards to where the harpies are and grab one of them by the face and encase their head in
ice before crushing it completely. The other harpie tries to swoop in for an attack with its
talons but I grab one of its legs and send it spiraling straight to the earth and is pierced
through the chest by sharp spikes that rise from the ground.
You have killed Male Harpy(x2)! You have gained 689 EXP(x2)! You have earned 519
Credits(x2)!
"That takes care of them." I take time to look at my surroundings before looking down at the
edge and looking up. "It seems those monsters took me higher than I thought. I should be
able to reach the peak of the cliff in no time." With my mind set, I begin the tread upwards
once again. As I climb, I pass by a couple of abandoned nests. Come to think of it, aside from
the three monsters, I haven't seen any other harpies at all.

"Where did they go?" That was the million dollar question. It was weirdly odd for a nesting
ground like this to be empty with nothing in sight. "I have a bad feeling about this..."
Suddenly there's a presence and when I turn to look, something crashes into me and pushes
me near the edge but I plant my weapon to the ground just in time.
-574 Damage
AP: 3,926/4,500
HP: 8,240/8,240
When I look up, I see two harpies with exposed breasts, signifying that they're female, but
what stands out about them is the metal helmets they're wearing on their heads.
Name: Female Harpy Knight
Level: 23
HP: 589
MP: 309
SP: 600
Thoughts about you: HUNGRY!
"Let's try this." I raise [Revolver] and pull it back like it's about to rest on my shoulder before
bringing it down for a swing. In that instant, a green light beam fires directly from the blade
towards the enemy, leaving a rippling effect splitting one of the harpies and shredding the
other harpie due to the shockwave.
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Beam LVL. 2/100]
[Geokinesis LVL. 6/10]
[Blade Mastery LVL. 9 /100]
You have defeated Female Harpy Knight(x2)! You have gained 924 EXP(x2)! You have
earned 723 Credits(x2)!
I hissed. "Shit... well that takes care of them."
With nothing left to do, I continue my climb until I reach the top of the mountain. There is a
massive nest made out of a mix of branches and bones. I walk up to the bones and notice that
a lot of them are avian-like in nature, making it obvious to me where the other monsters who
lived here went.
The question now is... where is the big bad?

Suddenly, a gust of wind blows me back as I grab a nearby stone to keep from falling off the
edge. Descending is a massive bird-like creature made entirely of metal. Its beak is pitch
black and its eyes glow an eerie green.
"GUUAKK!" It cries out, its beak full of rotating saws and a tongue made up of plasma.
Name: Silver Birdman
Level: 32
HP: 1,124
MP: 789
SP: 1,009
Thoughts about you: INTRUDER!
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 26/100]
"You're not so tough." I throw a fireball at the boss monster and hits, but the fire quickly
gives out and doesn't seem to do any damage.
"Well, that's just not fair at all."
The metal bird opens its mouth and unleashes a laser beam straight at me.
"What the fuck!?" I dodge the incoming attack. "Since when do birds shoot laser beams out
of their mouths!?" It fires another beam and I wasn't able to dodge it in time and it hits.
-2354 Damage
AP: 2,146/4,500
HP: 8,240/8,240
The bird monster raises its metal wings and with a swing sends its metal feathers at me. I
raised [Revolver] in order to shield myself but that wasn't exactly effective.
-1877 Damage
AP: 269/4,500
HP: 8,240/8240
"If I can't get close to attack, then I'll just have to take you from where I stand." I
activate [Chroma] and summon all seven hands. The hands then begin to separate into two
groups before they merge, becoming two massive hands with the holes on each one.

"[DUALITY]"
The bird boss lets out a war cry and takes to the skies.
I throw my arms forward and the two hands fly forward. The cyan hand conjures blue wires
that wrap around the birdman's wings and the blue hand creates two saw-like constructs.
"Let's see how tough those feathers really are." The saw constructs fly at break-neck speeds
towards the target. The boss monster quickly flies upwards to evade the incoming attack, but
it proves useless as the saws change their trajectory and follow it like heat-seeking missiles.
The cyan hand conjures blue wires that extend high into the sky where the monster is. "Got
you." The wires catch up to the boss and wrap themselves around its body, trapping it.
*SHANK*
The saws quickly catch up and in that instant, tear off its metal wings effectively cripping it.
I watch as the metal bird descends and crashes into its nest with a loud thud. I walk a little
closer and the monster makes weak cries as it loses a lot of blood.
A large Gaster Blaster manifests behind me and its mouth begins to glow and fires a red
beam at the boss monster and completely turns into ashes.
"Hm... smells like fried chicken." I hummed.
You have killed the Silver Birdman! You have gained 2,500 EXP! You have earned 1,651
Credits!
Level Up!
Skill Level Up!
[Chroma LVL. 7/10]
Quest Complete!
Missing Bird!
Objective (Complete): Find the source of this decline
Reward: 10,000 EXP, 7,853 Credits, Items
Level Up(x2)!
Items Acquired:
[Mana Potion] - Rank: D
Restores 30 potions of Aura

[Remedy(x4)]
[Elixir] - Rank: A
Fully restores HP/MP
As the wind carries the ashes away I notice something poking out of the nest. "Hm?" I walk
towards it and kneel in front of it. I start throwing the bones and branches aside until I
unearthed what looks to be a brilliant, cut blue diamond.
"Is that what I think it is...?" I pick up the gem and it glows. "[Observe]"
[Blue Chaos Emerald] - Rank: EX
One of the seven Chaos Emeralds. Each of the Chaos Emeralds is said to possess
mystical properties and contain tremendous, if not unlimited, amounts of highly potent
and powerful Chaos Emerald energy that is said to give energy to all things.
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 27/100]
"Holy shit! I can't believe I found one so soon!" I exclaimed.
[Only six more to go. I wonder where you'll find the next one]
I use [ID: Escape] and promptly collapse on the mattress. "Haa... I'm exhausted." I open my
status screen.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer
Race: Human
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 31
HP: 9,080 (908 per minute)
MP: 12,390 (1239 per minute)
SP: 5,160 (516 per minute)
AP: 4,950 (495 per minute)
VIT: 227
STR: 289

DEX: 258
END: 289
INT: 258
WIS: 165
MAG: 413
LUK: 227
CHA: 196
Money: 10,000,049,317
My eyes are starting to grow heavy. "I guess... I'll skip... dinner..." My eyes close shut and I
fall asleep.
The boy and a woman are sitting in front of a fireplace. The boy is happily eating a sandwich,
his face overflowing with joy as his silver eyes seemingly sparkle in the night.
The dreams have been completely random over the past couple of weeks. Some are
straightforward while most are just random images that I can't make heads or tails of.
However, something is different this time... because I can actually HEAR them.
"I'm so excited, mom!" The boy smiles brightly. "I can't wait to meet my new family!"
"Me too! The girls are gonna be thrilled to have a big brother." Mom returns his smile with
the same enthusiasm. "We're only a few days away from the next station. After that, it's a
Bullhead ride all the way to Patch."
The boy excitedly eats his sandwich. Finally, he wasn't going to be alone anymore. He was
going to have a family.
He was finally, finally... happy.
"If only that happiness could have lasted forever."
"Huh?" My attention snaps at the sudden voice before something drags me away from the
dream and my vision becomes distorted before it cuts to black.
*Gasp* I shoot upright from the bed as I gasp for air. "What... what was that...?"
[It seems something has entered the dream, but that's not possible since the only ones
who can enter are myself and you]

"So where did the creepy voice come from?" I asked.
[I may have an idea, but I'll need more time to confirm my suspicions]
"Hm. Well, I should probably head to the arena for my... ugh... training session." I cringed as
I got up and made my way towards the arena where Raven was already waiting for me.
"You're late." Raven said with the usual scowl on her face.
"Well excuse me, but I deserve some sleep after our LAST session." I said with evident
frustration in my voice.
Oh right, I suppose I didn't tell you. Yesterday, Raven thought it was a brilliant idea to shove
me into a portal without any warning and send me into a Grimm-infested arena where I and
another bandit had to fight our way through to survive.
Long story short, I easily left the area but the bandit refused my help saying that asking for
help makes you weak and that he can find a way out on their own. They never came back.
"I wanted to see your full potential." Raven simply states. "There are forces out there that you
do not understand. You must be strong if you're going to protect the tribe from the enemy."
'Yeah, but that doesn't mean you can do whatever you want with me.' I glared at her as a
sword was thrown at me.
"Are you done complaining? Good. Now get ready because I am NOT holding back." Raven
gets into her stance.
"When do you ever hold back?" I sarcastically asked and the two of us charged at one
another.
Raven charges at me for a forward slash. I blocked it but I was blown back by power behind
her sword. I went downward strike but Raven seemingly blurs out of sight and appears
behind, delivering a powerful kick to my back. She doesn't stop as she follows with a sixslash combo, forcing me to go on the defensive before she grabs my collar and throws me
across the arena.
-1,422 Damage
AP: 3,528/4,950
HP: 9,080/9,080
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 10/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 12/100]
"Shit..." I hissed.

"When did you become such a coward? Come on, attack me! Use your Semblance! Don't you
want to win!? Or are you content with being my punching bag?" Raven taunts.
I get up and let out a war cry and rush at Raven with a series of multiple strikes. Raven easily
blocks all of my attacks before parrying the last one. Raven drops in forward for a sweep
kick, which I backflip away from her before charging forward, thrusting my sword into
Raven's chest. Raven quickly blocks the blade, then blocks several more times as her
opponent attempts to stab her repeatedly.
"Hmph, predictable." Raven grabs my arm and pulls me in for a lethal strike, but I use my
weight to pull Raven down to the ground, forcing her to let me go.
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 11/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 13/100]
As we continue to trade blows, I notice that Raven is attacking more aggressively. All I can
do is defend myself from either slice or stab the bandit leader sends my way. She sheathed
her sword and pressed a trigger on her scabbard, causing the revolver to move to a red
cylinder. She unsheathes her sword, now completely made of fire Dust and swings it in an
arc, sending a torrent of fire towards me.
With no other option, I lift my sword and slice the fire, splitting it into two and charge
towards Raven at full speed.
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 12/100]
We went on like this for hours doing the exact same thing: Raven hitting me, me falling on
the floor, getting up; rinse and repeat. Though unbeknownst to her, this simply helped me
grow stronger.
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 13/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 14/100]
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 14/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 15/100]
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 15/100]

[Movement Mastery LVL. 16/100]
Skill Level Up!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 16/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 17/100]
At this point, we were just rough housing.
"You're still weak. Even after all this time you haven't gotten stronger." Raven states calmly
thought I can tell that its all just for show. She held her sword tightly with both of her hands,
unlike a few weeks ago where she only used one. She was exhaling with her mouth, her face
glistens with a sheen of sweat.
Ironically, this just made Raven more visually appealing.
"You think too much. Stop evaluating what your opponent's next move will be. Use your
instincts, your drive, be more proactive or else you'll find yourself an early foot in the grave."
She kicks me in the face with enough force to send me out of the arena.
I slowly get up and stare as Raven's back becomes further and further away. I stand up and
clean the dirt and dust off my pants. "Welp, I guess I'll go to town and get myself a beef
bowl." I use [Sonido] to get out of the tribe.
However, unbeknownst to me, Raven was watching from an undisclosed location.
"Bastard..." Raven growls.
Sometime later
With a sonic boom I arrive at my destination: a little town just off the border of the kingdom
of Mistral. Because its location is close to the kingdom's wall, Huntsmen are able to protect it
much more efficiently from bandit raids and Grimm unlike villages and towns like Shion,
which is located close to the mountains.
Skill Level Up!
[Sonido LVL. 10/100]
I hum in delight as I walk to my favorite restaurant. The bell chimes as I enter the restaurant
and the waitress walks up to me.
"Welcome back, sir. It's so good to see you again!" The waitress greets me.
I smile. "It's good to be back."
"I have your favorite spot available for you. Would you like to start with the usual?" She
asked.

"Of course. Do you really need to ask?" I said.
The waitress smiles and guides me to a table in the corner of the restaurant. Why is this my
favorite spot you ask? Well, that table is situated next to a large window where just outside is
a beautiful garden white lilies which is owned by the owner's wife.
"Here you go." The waitress puts a glass of sweet tea on the table.
"Thank you." I take the glass and drink it.
"Your meal will be ready in a moment." The waitress turns away to attend to her other
customers.
I look at the tranquil landscape and begin to contemplate what'll happen in the future. Cinder
is likely already in Vale right now, collecting power and exerting her influence over the
kingdom's underworld. She'll persuade Roman Torchwick and Adam Taurus to work for her,
all for the sake of stealing the other half of the [Fall Maiden]. Meanwhile, Ozma will set his
sights on Ruby Rose and enroll her into Beacon after stopping one of Roman's heists. He
places her on a team and after a couple of b-plot episodes, they participate in the Vytal
Festival and then all hell breaks loose. Cinder enacts her plan and becomes a complete
maiden, kills Ozma's current incarnation and Pyrrha Nikos. As a result of this, the world
becomes more divided and the cast does everything to prevent the end of the world.
I stare at my reflection on the sweaty glass. Did Ozma think the Fall Maiden would be safe
underneath his school? Did he really think Salem wouldn't attack a combat school just to get
what she wants? He is risking the lives of all of his students and yet claims that he wants to
protect all of humanity?
Foolish.
"Say what you will about Cinder, she does have a good point. Ozma is very arrogant." I
mutter as I drink more of my tea. "And so is Salem."
*CLING, CLING~*
"Hello? Is it alright if I rest here for a while?"
The sound of a familiar voice pulls me out of my thoughts as I look up. Standing in front of
the entrance is a boy who is short in stature carrying bags full of supplies. His skin is tanned
and he has a faint, perpetual blush and freckles on his cheeks. His hair is dark brown and his
eyes are hazel, the main iris being forest green, with accents of burnt orange and yellow
around the pupil.
He is wearing a dirty and scuffed white shirt that has laces across the chest. The sleeves are
rolled up to his elbows, and there is a pocket on the left tricep. Orange suspenders hold up his
olive pants, which are tucked into worn, brown boots. The pants are patched over the knee,
and a quilted cloth hangs loosely out of his left pocket. He wears orange gloves, with green
straps overlapping across the back of the hand in an X shape, and around the wrist. His neck
is wrapped with a torn bandage, though it is noted to not be covering a wound.

"Well I'll be damned..." I whisper under my breath. "[Observe]"
Name: Oscar Pine
Title: Farm Boy
Level: 7
Affiliation: n/a
HP: 215
MP: 0
SP: 142
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Tired, thirsty
Oscar lets go of his bags and lets them make a loud thud on the floor as he pulls a chair and
takes a seat.
"Phew... I needed that." He stretches his arms and seemingly melts into his chair.
"Hey, kid." Oscar looks around until he turns in my direction.
"Over here." I wave at him.
Oscar looks to his left, then to his right before turning back to me. "Are you... talking to me?"
"No, the other boy who just waltzes in. Of course I'm talking to you." I said.
"Um..." Oscar fidgets in his seat. "Why are you talking to me?"
"I don't know, I guess I was just bored." I gestured to him to come forward. "Come and take a
seat. It would be pretty stupid to talk like this."
Oscar, either because he has nothing better to do or because he's too tired to care, walks
towards this stranger and takes a seat adjacent to his own.
"Much better, don't you think?" I said before a steamy bowl of beef is placed in front of me.
"Here is your order, sir." The waitress said.
"Thank you so much." I give her a [Friendly Smile]. "Say, could you get this kid a drink as
well? And a refill for mine?"
The waitress lightly blushes. "N-No problem!" She takes my glass and quickly rushes to the
back of the restaurant.

Oscar is completely baffled by what he just saw.
"So," I take the chopsticks and snap them into even halves. "What's your name?"
"M-My name is O-Oscar Pine." Oscar answered.
"Oscar... that's a good name." I start eating the blanket of beef. "So Oscar, what brings you all
the way here?"
"I'm just buying supplies for the farm..." Oscar reveals as the waitress places the drinks on the
table.
"You're a farmer?" I asked.
Oscar nods. "My aunt owns a farm two miles away from here. I help out with doing chores
and help during the harvest season."
I drink my sweet tea. "And she sent you out on an errand like this by yourself? Shouldn't
there at least be one more person to help you carry that stuff?"
Oscar lets out a nervous chuckle. "We do, but the intern called sick today and my aunt had
something else to take care of so it was just me."
'Farmers can have interns?' I thought. "That must be hard."
"It is, not to mention carrying all that stuff is a nightmare. I almost thought my back was
going to break." Oscar whimpers.
"Hm..." I continue eating my favorite dish. "I got it."
"Got what?" Oscar asked, perplexed.
"I'll help you carry your stuff." I clarified.
Oscar is surprised. "But we just met! Why would you go out of your way to help me?
"Because helping people is always the right thing to do!" I said with a [Friendly Smile].
Oscar's stares at me, a strange feeling blooming in his chest. "Thank you."
+49 Reputation with Oscar Pine (49/100)
I put down my chopsticks as I finished my meal. "Then it's decided. But first," I called the
waitress. "Check please."
"Here you go." The waitress hands me the check.
"Here you go, my dear. And here's a tip for such a good job." I winked.
The waitress blushes and rushes towards the register as she makes the payment.

You paid -31 Credits.
Your current balance is 10,000,049,286.
I stand up from my spot and grab all of Oscar's things. Surprisingly, they aren't as heavy as I
initially thought, but then I remembered my strength stat and then it made sense.
"Now where did you say your farm was?" I asked.
"It's just a few miles from here." Oscar points to the path beyond. "Just follow the path uphill
and you'll eventually see it."
We walk outside and I look at him. "You may want to grab onto me for this one."
"Why?"
"Because we'll be going at high speeds and unless you have some kind of healing ability, I
don't want your face to be shredded to bits." I stated.
A knot forms in Oscar's throat but he quickly swallows it as he works up the courage to grab
my waist.
"Here we go." I activate [Sonido] and we both disappear.
The scene switches to show an entrance that leads towards a large building at the center of a
large field with even smaller buildings in the background. It is peaceful and full of tranquility.
This tranquility, however, is suddenly disrupted by a sonic boom as two bodies appear from
nowhere with the oldest holding a variety of items in hand.
Skill Level Up!
[Sonido LVL. 11/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 18/100]
"We're here, Oscar." I said but got no response. "Oscar?"
Oscar slowly lets go of my torso as he shakes violently. "N-Never do that again!"
We walk inside the building and put everything down on the floor.
"Hey, are you Huntsman?" Oscar asked.
"No. I'm mainly self taught." I half lied. For all I know, my host did go to combat school but I
don't have those memories.
"Wow, you must be a genius." Oscar remarks with stars in his eyes.
I chuckle. "I'm not that smart. I just worked really hard."

Oscar nods. "I want to be a Huntsman, too. I want to protect aunty and all of the people on
the farm." There's a fire burning in his eyes. "I want to go to Haven Academy and become the
best Huntsman ever!"
"Haven?" That's when something sparks inside me; a memory. I was in an office yelling at
somebody behind a desk. The man was frightened, jumpy from all of the constant yelling
before it suddenly shifted to Grimm tearing people apart and my vision turned red.
"If only I realized it sooner, they would still be alive..."
I grab on the edge of the table with all my strength causing it to break in my hands. My
pupils dilate and glow, veins popping in my forehead. Rage building up inside me.
Oscar feels the sudden burst of negativity coming from the older teen and slowly walks up to
him. "A-Are you okay...?" He touches my shoulder.
"!" [Gamer's Mind] kicks in and I turn around. "What's up?"
"You..." Did he imagine it? "You broke the table."
I look down to see the broken remains in my hand. "Oh, sorry."
After that, we put everything away to where it's supposed to go. My thoughts go back to that
brief flashback and how much it affected me. And that voice again... just who was that?
"Hey, um... shouldn't you be getting back home or something?" Oscar asks before he gets
nervous. "N-Not that I'm trying to kick you out or anything! It's just that I don't want your
family to get worried!"
I look up at the setting sun. "Hm... I guess I should head back." I make my way outside. "It
was nice meeting you, Oscar."
Oscar nods. "You too."
I continue walking before suddenly stopping. "Oh, before I forget." I turn to Oscar with a
serious expression. "Beware of the man who wears faces. Beware of the man from an age
forgotten by the gods." My expression lightens up and I wave at the farm boy. "See ya!" I
vanish with a booming effect.
Oscar looks at me perplexed. "What does that mean?" He walks back inside and attends to
the rest of his chores for the day.
Later
The sun sets as I arrive at the campsite and I see everyone moving around frantically.
[What's going on?]
Someone walks past me and I grab their shoulder. "Hey, what's going on?"

"Leave me alone. Can't you see I'm busy?" The bandit grumbles and walks off.
"Attitude much?" 'I guess I'll talk to Raven if I want any answers.' I run towards the center of
the camp where I find Raven talking to a group of bandits.
"You all know your jobs. Now go." The bandits quickly disperse leaving only me looking at
the amazoness chieftain. "Oh? Welcome back. How was your hunt?"
I raised an eyebrow at Raven's odd tone of voice, but quickly put it aside for now. "What's
going on, Raven? Why is everyone in such a frenzy?"
"We're going on a raid tonight. This will be our biggest one yet." Raven states.
"Who's the target?" I asked.
"A mining town. Supposedly, the biggest one in the kingdom. If we hit that then we will set
for the next couple of months." Raven walks into her tent but not before giving me a glance.
"This will be your final test, and if you pass then you are truly one of us." She disappears
inside.
"Another test? How long is this gonna go on?" I mutter.
"Hey, what are you standing there for!?" The smug voice of Vernal snaps me back into
reality. "Hurry up and get your shit ready! We're leaving in an hour!"
'An hour, that's more time than I thought. I guess I'll head to my tent for now.' I pass by
several people until I arrive in my tent. Since all of my stuff is already inside
my [Inventory], there isn't much for me to do.
[I suppose this is now a good time to discuss Raven's odd behavior. Did she sound a
little... off to you?]
"Yeah, she did. I wonder what she has planned." I look at the ceiling of the tent.
The camera zooms out, revealing a corvid is seen perched on a nearby roof. It's red eyes
staring intensely at the tent's only occupant.
Much later - Nighttime
The Branwen Tribe looks on at their intended target. Everyone had the look of a predator,
ready to pounce on their prey the moment it showed any weakness.
Vernal looks through a pair of binoculars before turning to everyone. "As soon as they send
the signal, we will strike."
The bandits all begin to giggle excitedly, like children about to enter a toy store. They're all
doing last minute touches on their weapons, making them sharper and loading ammo.
"You better not be dead weight, rookie." One of the bandits said though I really wasn't paying
attention.

What caught my attention is the intended target: the town I was in this morning, the same one
where I met Oscar.
[Don't you think it's about time to end this charade?]
"Oh, fuck this." I elbow the bandit on my side and throw his body at the other, shocking
everyone.
"What the hell are you doing!?" Vernal yells out.
"Take a guess, bitch!" I put on the [Joker's Mask] and run at fast speeds.
"Dammit! Okay, change of plans, we're attacking now!" Vernal yells at everyone and they all
charge.
I arrive at the town and run around trying to get everyone's attention. "Hey! You need to get
out of here! There are bandits coming!" But as soon as I said that an explosion goes off at the
main gate and bandits quickly charge in like a stampede.
"Shit!" I slam my hands to the ground and a wall rises from the ground blocking their path. I
turn to the civilians behind me. "GO NOW!"
The civilians quickly run away from the scene but then the wall explodes and the bandits
quickly flood the entrance and surround me.
From the crowd, Vernal and Shay step forward and glare at me.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Vernal demands. "Thanks to your stunt, we had to
improvise!"
I turn to face the bandit girl. "Isn't it obvious? I'm not gonna let you attack this town."
"I always knew you were never one of us. But that's a good thing," Shay takes out his
revolver. "Because now I can finally have my revenge."
I scoff. "One of you? You think I actually lowered myself to your level? That's hilarious." I
chuckled. "You guys were just a means to an end. I stayed in your tribe for as long as I had
because I had nowhere else to go, I had to endure endure five weeks with you assholes and
Raven's dumb attempts at training. I mean who throws someone at a Grimm nest and calls
that training!? You must be insane or retarded!"
Vernal narrows her eyes. "You're talking as if you can beat us."
"Correction: I will beat you. So if you don't wanna die, I suggest you leave. Now." I told her,
my tone is colder than ice.
After making my declaration, all I get is laughter from the Branwen Tribe.
"Yo, is this guy freaking serious!?"

"Man, he must have a screw loose!"
"It's sad we have to kill him. He is such a rare cutie."
Vernal calms herself. "Okay, now I know you're crazy. There's no way that you can beat all of
us."
"It seems like you forgot what happened the last time we fought. But don't worry," I pull out
my [Iron Sword]. "I'll happily give you a reminder."
Vernal didn't see it coming.
One moment he was there, and the next he was right behind her.
Vernal every survival instinct forces her body to move just before the traitor can bring down
his sword, the force of swing strong enough to split the asphalt underneath.
"Kill him!" Vernal orders and the bandits try to gang up on me
I stab my sword into the ground and summon three [Gaster Blasters] to rotate around me
and before anyone can do anything, they fire, killing everyone within the rotating blast
radius.
Vernal and Shay narrowly dodge the laser attacks as they helplessly watch their fellow
bandits screaming for their lives before being incinerated by the devastating beams of death.
They don't have time to say anything as the beams hit the building they're on and they jump
to the next building and the next as each of them collapse from the attacks.
After a minute, the screams die down and all that is left are smoke and ashes.
You have defeated Branwen Tribe Bandits (x35)! You have earned 50 EXP (x35)! You
have gained 34 Credits (x35)!
Level Up!
The blasters disappear and I pull my sword out of the ground. "Pathetic."
[Behind you!]
I turn around only for something to collide with my face.
*BOOM!*
The next thing I know I'm blasting off into the sky by a large explosion.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" I scream from the top of my lungs
before gravity finally kicks in. I crash into the roof of a building and don't stop until I fall on
the first floor.
-3,001 Damage

AP: 2,099/5,100
HP: 9,360/9,360
I move the rubble away as I slowly get up as my [Aura] flares up. "What the hell was that!?"
I look through the window and see a dozen or so bandits holding rocket launchers.
[It seems the Branwen Tribe have come prepared. They are using rocket launchers]
"No shit. Where was Raven keeping these guys?" I look at my now broken [Iron Sword] and
throw it away as I pull out [Revolver].
[What do we do now?]
"What do you think? There's no option but to fight. So let's get straight to the point." I said as
I took a step back.
As the bandits ready their aim at the building their enemy was in, they are suddenly taken
aback by the roof suddenly exploding outwards in an array of colors as they see something
flying out of the explosion.
"Hm!" I extend my arms out and summon a few dozen of [Gaster Blasters] and land on the
head of one of them.
"Fire! Everyone, open fire!" The bandits fire their rockets at the traitor and hit him dead
center. "YES!" They all cheer at their success.
However, their jubilation turns out to be short-lived as when the smoke clears they call a
green dome protecting him and quickly disappears.
I raise my left hand and make a finger gun as the blasters behind me begin to charge.
"Bang." I pull back the finger gun in a motion similar to how a real gun recoils.
The blasters all fire.
All of the bandits attempt to run but it's a futile endeavor and they are all killed instantly by
the bombardment. Before me is nothing but a smothering crater as the rustle of wind picks up
the ashes.
You have defeated Branwen Tribe Bandits (x17)! You have earned 50 EXP (x17)! You
have gained 34 Credits (x17)!
Skill Level Up!
[Chroma LVL. 8/10]
I hissed at the sight. "The townspeople aren't gonna be happy about this."

Suddenly, a rocket flies in and destroys the blaster I was standing on but I manage to land
safely on the ground. When I turn to look, I see Shay struggling to keep the rocket launcher
stable because it's too much for his skinny ass.
"Really Shay? You can barely hold that thing. I'm surprised that you could keep it steady
enough to fire." I walk towards him ready to strike him down. "But once a screw up, always a
screw up."
"A screw up? Maybe, but..." Shay's sudden smile made me stop. "I'm not the one who can't
see the writing on the wall."
I snap my body around and only have time to register the two light beams blasting me away.
-783 Damage
AP: 1,826/5,100
HP: 9,360/9,360
Vernal aims her guns at me. "Shay, do it!"
Shay does a barrel roll and gets into position next to her. They both pull the triggers of their
weapons and fire their strongest attacks.
I only have time to look as the attacks connect, creating a large explosion. Vernal and Shay
cover their eyes from the cloud of smoke and slowly lower their arms to see the results of
their attack.
"You think he's dead?" Shay asked.
" FUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCKKKKKK!"
Vernal and Shay's body stiffen at the sudden scream. No. He... he can't be alive. That's
impossible.
But sure enough, the figure of the traitor slowly walks out of the fire. His aura flaring until it
dissipated completely. His clothes are shredded and he has cuts that were deep enough for
blood to flow out though miraculously, that mask he's wearing had no visible damage.
But aside from that, he was very, VERY much alive.
-5,155 Damage
AP: 0/4,850
HP: 6,031/9,360
[Gamer's Mind] sets in as I readjust my mask. "That attack took out all of my
remaining [Aura], but my mask is still intact. Amen, Hallelujah, and peanut butter."

Shay's legs are shaking uncontrollably. "H-How!? That rocket can take out an Atlas airship!"
"Good question. Here's a better one: will you still be alive in the next five seconds?" I twirl
the [Revolver] before suddenly rushing at the panicked Shay and begin my attack.
1st strike.
Shay's Aura vanishes.
2nd strike.
Shay tries to raise the heavy rocket launcher to protect himself but it is futile as the attack
cuts straight through the large piece of weaponry and into him, leaving a large gash across his
chest.
3rd strike.
I plunge the blade into his right shoulder, twist it, cutting off Shay's entire right arm.
4th strike.
I jump back and charge in all the while dragging [Revolver] on the asphalt, letting sparks fly
as I get faster. "Rough Drive!" I drag the blade upwards, creating an explosion strong
enough to destroy the ground under Shay's feet and blow him high up.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!" Shay screams loudly before he quickly speeds
back down. *SPLAT!*
Shay crashes head-first into the ground, the force of the collision destroys his head
completely, leaving a gory stain of brain matter, eyes, teeth and so forth on the floor.
You have killed Shay D. Mann. You have gained 845 EXP! You have earned 701
Credits!
Skill Level Up!
[Renzokuken LVL. 2/10]
"Guess not." I turned my sights to Vernal. "Now for you."
But before I move a red vortex opens in front of Vernal and out from it Raven walks out
without her mask.
I cross my arms and look at her in disdain. "The star of the show has finally arrived. And here
I thought you were too much of a coward to fight me."
Raven doesn't respond and instead glances at the destruction around before turning to Vernal.
"Report."
"M-Ma'am.... The mission was a failure." Vernal manages to say. "H-He killed everyone."

"I see." Raven turns to the culprit. "Get out of here. You are too weak to fight him."
Vernal's eyes widened in shock. "What!? But-"
"Do not argue with me girl." Raven interjects. "This boy... he is no match for you. He will kill
you without any hesitation."
"But-" Vernal is cut off by Raven suddenly whipping her head around with a frustrated
expression.
"DO NOT QUESTION ME! A DEAD WEIGHT LIKE YOU HAS NO CHANCE AT
KILLING HIM! HURRY UP AND GET OUT OF MY SIGHT OR ELSE YOU'LL DIE!"
Raven screams at her.
Vernal flinches at Raven's harsh words and quickly gets up and runs away, leaving a faint
trace of tears in her eyes.
I sigh. "So you drove her away in the end. I'm not surprised. You never let people get close to
you, I don't understand why someone like you has that kind of Semblance."
Raven looks back at me and sends me a glare. "Why did you kill my tribe?"
"Those useless things? Honestly, aside from the fact they were going to raid my favorite spot,
I already had plans to remove the tribe from the get go." I said nonchalantly. "You guys trying
to ransack this town merely hastened your execution."
Raven reaches for her sword and unsheathes it, revealing the brilliant red blade of her
signature weapon, [Omen]. "I should have killed you the moment I realized you couldn't be
controlled."
I narrowed my eyes. "You couldn't control me even if you tried." I point [Revolver] at her.
"You also shouldn't have sent the [Spring Maiden] away, otherwise you would have had a
better fighting chance."
"Vernal isn't the Spring Maiden." Raven's eyes flare with power as a powerful gust of wind
blows the surrounding rubble away. "I AM!" She leans forward and launches herself at high
speeds.
"!" I raise my sword just in time to block her sword as she pushes me back with sheer force
alone. I parry her sword and kick her back but she twists her body and gracefully lands on her
feet without difficulty.
"I already knew you were the [Spring Maiden], Raven." This catches Raven by surprise.
"There was no way you were going to leave that much power in the hands of some girl, so
like the bandit you are you stole it from her along with her life."
Raven snarls. "You don't know anything!" Icicles begin to form around her and she fires them
at me.

I activate [Fire Control] and create my own projectiles and they collide with the icicles
destroying them.
"I know more than you can possibly imagine." I use [Sonido] and appear above her before
bringing down my sword for a [Braver] and follow it with a four-slash combo and finish it
with a Rough Drive, sending the Bandit Queen flying.
Raven tries to regain control of her body but that's when she sees these weird white pellets
appearing around her, about seven in total, before they all turn orange and explode
simultaneously.
Skills Level Up!
[Sonido LVL. 12/100]
[Fire Control LVL. 9/10]
[Braver LVL. 3/8]
[Chroma LVL. 9/10]
[Renzokuken LVL. 3/10]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 19/100]
[Blade Mastery LVL. 17/100]
I look up as the smoke clears, revealing Raven floating in the air as she glares down at me.
"Those eyes..." Raven's grip on her weapon tightens. "You have the same look in your eyes as
her." Dark clouds begin to form in the sky and flashes of lighting can be seen. Raven raises
her hand and the thunder becomes much louder as she turns arm into a sort of lighting rod.
"Now, disappear with the thunderclap." Raven's arm falls and a massive bolt of lighting
comes crashing down on me, resulting in a large explosion.
"!" Suddenly, a massive hand made of earth suddenly rises from the smoke and attempts to
grab Raven but she uses the lighting to destroy it. As the earth construct crumbles she sees
the brat standing on a monster's skull now with an engine-like sword in his right hand.
Raven clicks her tongue in annoyance. "You just don't know when to quit, do you?"
I let out an awkward chuckle. "Yeah... when I get into something, I don't stop until I see
through. But enough of that." I raise both of my arms and take a stance. "How about we end
this here and now?"
Raven summons more of her power. "You took the words out of my mouth." She summons a
sword made of ice and raises towards me with the intent to finish her opponent off.

I follow suit and we raise towards each other and our blades collide; ice sword vs [Engine
Sword] and [Omen] vs [Revolver].
However, my eyes soon widen in disbelief as [Omen] digs into [Revolver] and it breaks
before she brings the blade down on me.
I managed to avoid it but I wasn't fast enough... and she cut off my left arm.
-7,196 Damage
AP: 0/5,100
HP: 3,173/9,360
I look down to see the ice sword protruding from my chest as blood quickly seeps out from
the wound.
"You lose." Raven said.
"*Cough!*" I spit out blood as I lose my balance and fall to the ground.
"W... why didn't my Semblance activate...?" I gurgle out. My Semblance should have made
me stronger than Raven.
"In the end, you were weak." I move my head to see Raven walking towards me, holding her
stomach from the slash wound I inflicted on her.
"Urgh..." I grunt as I try everything to stay conscious.
Raven shakes her head. "You are foolish... if you had only listened to me you would have
lived." She raises her sword up to my face. "What I'm doing now is a mercy. You should be
grateful." She plunges her sword to my head, breaking the [Joker's Mask] and splitting it
into two.
"It's done..." Raven stares at the boy's dead silver eyes. "Why do all silver-eyed people have
to be so self-righteous? All that does is get you killed faster." She says before turning around
and limping away.
Rain begins to pour down on the now fresh corpse.
The camera begins to zoom in on his face and further on until it zooms in his pupil where it
all goes black.
The boy looks on from his hiding place in the bushes as his mother is being slowly crushed by
a gorilla Grimm. Beside the Grimm is another Grimm with jellyfish-like features and a man
with a scorpion's tail.
"It seems Ozpin has become arrogant over the years. To let his most prized pawn out of his
sight like this is unbecoming of him." A female voice said from the jellyfish Grimm.

The scorpion man giggles. "Yes, yes! What a fool! I could not believe my luck." Purple liquid
drips from the tip of his tail. "You may have put me at a disadvantage, but once my poison set
in, all of your efforts became completely useless."
"Ugh!" The gorilla Grimm's grip tightens and she coughs up purple blood.
"Enough Tyrian, remember your task." The voice said.
Tyrian stops smiling and stiffens. "F-Forgive me, my goddess!"
"Hm, now then." The jellyfish floats forward. "You have been a thorn in my side for quite a
while now, Summer Rose, I hope you realize there are consequences for this."
Summer struggles in her weakened state. "I won't... tell you... anything..."
"Even now, poisoned and on death's door, you still remain fierce and defiant. No wonder
Ozpin favors you over everyone else." A tentacle rises and caresses her face. "I could use
someone like you. If you join me, I can not only help you but show you what Ozpin has been
hiding from you."
"Never." Summer sneers. "No matter what you say, I know Ozpin is right in saving the world
from you."
"The world, huh? It's always the same thing with him... always the same..." The tentacle then
wraps on Summer's neck, effectively cutting the oxygen from her lungs. "I suppose that's to be
expected, you people were always the most gullible."
"Ah... aaaaahhhh..." Summer suffocates and her body goes limp.
"And with this... my victory is assured."
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" Light suddenly erupts from nowhere, blinding everything in the
area.
"Aaaaaaah!" The woman's voice shrieks as the jellyfish and the gorilla Grimm completely
turn into stone.
The light subsides and the boy falls from exhaustion as he holds onto his face. His eyes were
itchy, burning even. It's so uncomfortable that he starts to scratch his face to quell it, but it
only makes his face even more unbearable. He looks up at the Grimm statue.... And Summer's
body slumped over on his stone grip.
"Mom..." The boy sobs. He wanted to believe this was a bad dream, that he was still sleeping
in the camp, but no matter what he wanted to believe it wouldn't change the reality in front of
him.
His mother was... gone.
"Well, well, well, what do we have here? The white rose had a little rosebud!"

The jovial and giddy voice snaps the boy out of his thoughts as he looks up to see Tyrian
standing in front of him.
"And what's this? You also have silver eyes! What luck! I get to kill two birds with one stone!"
Tyrian exclaims.
"Ah... ah..." The boy slowly moves back in clear fright.
"Now, now, there's no need to be scared. Uncle Tyrian's not gonna kill you." His scorpion tail
slowly rises from behind him. That, combined with his bright yellow eyes and smile makes
Tyrian more scary than before. "I'm just gonna hurt you, really, really, badly."
The boy backs up further and feels something hard gracing his hand and quickly grabs. He
throws the stone at Tyrian, hitting his eyes, and makes a run for it.
"Argh! You little shit!" Tyrian screams out in evident pain.
The boy runs, he runs as fast as he possibly can. He doesn't know where he's going, only that
he needs to run. Now.
"Where are you going, little rosebud? I just wanna get to know ya better~" Tyrian's voice
echoes throughout the trees, it's like he's everywhere. "Why are you running, little one? WHY
ARE YOU RUNNING!?"
The boy runs, and runs, and runs until he stops. He is now standing at the edge of a high cliff
and below is a vast sea of trees.
There's no escape.
"You are certainly fast, but I'm afraid this is where playtime has to end." The boy turns to see
Tyrian already caught up to him. "The goddess desired for the death of Summer Rose, but I
believe she would be even more pleased if I killed her rosebud wouldn't you agree?"
The boy takes a step back but then realizes that he was at the point of no return. "S-Stay
back!"
"Hmhmhm~ Children's fears are the most delicious, I can't get enough of them." Tyrian
squirms with ecstasy. "It pains my heart that I can't fully enjoy this, but her majesty's needs
must ALWAYS come first." His tail rises up and his smile becomes wider. "Don't worry, you
won't feel a thing~"
Tyrian charges at the boy with his tail ready to stab him, only for the boy to dodge but
inevitably lose his balance causing to fall from the edge of the cliff, but not before the
stringer graces the right side of his cheek drawing blood.
'If only I was stronger...' Those are his last thoughts as he plunges into the green sea below.
I stood in a black void as I watched everything that just happened floating in front of me.

"So... he was adopted by Summer Rose, making me related to Ruby and Yang in a way..." I
mumbled.
"I suppose that's one way to put it."
I turn around and see a person who looks exactly like me, right down to my clothes. "I was
wondering when you'll appear."
The doppelganger arches an eyebrow, not expecting this kind of reaction. "I'm surprised
you're so calm, considering the situation."
"I figured that since I've been watching your memories, then that means you must be alive in
some way. I've played games where you run into this exact same situation. At this point, it's
not that shocking." I said.
"Yes I know, I've seen your memories." My doppelganger said. "Oh right, you probably don't
know who I am." He does a mock bow. "My name is Azule Rose. I'd say it's nice to meet you
but then I'd be lying."
"Asmodeus." I put a hand on my forehead. "I'm sorry, I'm just a little confused
about how you're still here. Tobi said you'd disappear after I woke up."
"That, I can explain." He began to walk around. "While I was dying, my Semblance went into
overdrive trying to keep me alive, but because I had so little Aura left it wasn't able to
properly revive me. That is until your system woke you up and saved our body, but left me
trapped in your subconscious."
"If you were trapped in my mind, how did you get out?" I asked.
"Remember when Raven unlocked your Aura?" I nod. "She also reactivated my Semblance
and it created a path that allowed me to crawl out of the dark crevices of your mind."
"Are you talking about [Survival]?" I asked.
"Yep! That is MY Semblance. You remember that weird feeling you had in your chest? That
was my Semblance REJECTING you. Even though we are the same person, it doesn't
recognize you as its originator. Strange, isn't it?" Azule explains. "For the next few weeks, I
conserve my energy, waiting for my moment to take control, and here it is."
"You want to take over a freshly-dead corpse? You must really be desperate." I quipped.
My host wiggles his finger. "But we're not dead, not just yet at least. Check your stats."
I opened my status menu.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer
Race: Human

Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 32
HP: 1 (Locked)
MP: 11,584 (Locked)
SP: 5,272 (Locked)
AP: 0 (Locked)
VIT: 234
STR: 298
DEX: 266
END: 298
INT: 266
WIS: 170
MAG: 426
LUK: 234
CHA: 202
Money: 10,000,051,755
"[Determination] is quite a useful trait to have, isn't it? You don't get killed even when
someone runs a sword through your head." Azule remarks. "Also, I've disabled your
regeneration. Can't have you in tiptop condition now can I?" He raises his right arm as if to
grab something. Suddenly, something materializes in his hands. It is a longblade with a red
body and black on the edge. Half of something that resembles a round shield is seen on both
sides of the longblade and the head of a minigun can be seen sticking out of the bottom of the
sword.
"Wait... is that what I think it is?" I said, recognizing the type of weapon he is holding.
A God Arc.
"One night, I had a dream of a woman fighting monsters and in it, she was using this." Azule
lifts his God Arc. "The image never left me even though I never had that dream again. To get
it out of my head, I made this: a triple changing weapon capable of shifting between sword,
gun, AND shield form. My classmates chastise me for creating such a thing, 'it's too
cumbersome' they said, 'you won't be able to move around as fast'. But, in the end, I proved

them all wrong." The doppelganger takes a stance. "If you cooperate, I promise to make this
as painless as possible."
I shake my head. "I have a better idea. How about I kick your ass?"
Azule hears this and laughs. "You're insane. What can you do without any [Aura] and just a
mere 1 HP?"
"I think you're underestimating my resourcefulness and also," I snap my fingers and the void
changes to a massive hall.
"You should have sealed my skills."
Event Quest Unlocked!
Reclaiming my Name
Objective: Defeat Azule Rose
Rewards: TRUE POWER
Azule roars and charges at me at near superhuman speeds. I look passively as I raise my hand
and summon a [Gaster Blaster]. "No matter what you do, you will never move me from this
spot."
"A bold declaration. Let's see if you can back it up." Azule said and charges in.
The blaster fires a massive beam at my host.
The camera zooms in as Azule's pupils constrict and, in his eyes, time seems to slow down.
Without much thought, Azule steps out of the beam's way and sends me a slash attack but
two [Chromas] stop the blade in its tracks.
A red [Chroma] rises from my back and fires a red beam, but Azule jumps away and lands
on a nearby pillar. He launches himself but a pillar of stone suddenly rises from the floor and
it sends him flying back to the other end of the hall.
"Pathetic, I was expecting more from my host. But I guess in the end, I will always be the
strongest of the two of us." I said.
"Is that a fact?" A voice from behind me suddenly asked.
I raised a green dome just as Azule was about to strike me down from behind.
"How... how did you get behind me so fast?" I asked.
"Have you forgotten what my Semblance does already? I get stronger when facing enemies
that are stronger than me. It was easy for me to get into your blind spot. " Azule rests his
sword on his shoulder. "I trained myself to the brink of death for my goals while you merely
had your skills given to you. It makes me sick to believe that you are me." He presses a

switch in the pummel and the God Arc transforms into a minigun. He fires, sending a
relentless onslaught of bullets straight for the bastard but his stupid shield won't let him so, he
continues to uload his entire salvo on him, hoping that at some point the shield will break.
"Tch, I can't keep doing this. I need to figure out a way to end this." I whisper under my
breath.
Cracks begin to build up around the dome until it completely shatters. As soon as it falls,
Azule is already in my field of vision causing me to fall butt-first on the floor.
"!"
"You're mine!" He brings his sword down only to stop at the weird sensation in his torso, "WWhat...?" He looks down to see a large spike of ice running him completely through the
stomach.
"Gack!" Azule spits out blood.
"You really thought I would just leave myself open like that? You idiot..." I said.
Azule pulls himself off the icicle before promptly collapsing on the ground. He clutches
tightly on the large hole in his torso as he bleeds profusely.
"What a second..." I activate [Observe].
Name: Azule Rose
Title: The Lone Avenger
Level: ?
HP: 1
MP: 0
SP: 0
AP: 0
My eyes widened at the screen. "Your stats..."
"Surprised...? It makes sense when you think about it. I was barely holding onto life before
you showed up, my stats reflect my state at the time." Azule coughs.
I furrow my eyebrows at this. "And you thought you could beat me in that state?"
"It doesn't matter. You were going to come here anyway." He cryptically said.
"What do you mean?"

"I was never meant to exist, my only purpose was to safeguard this body until you woke up
and then disappear, however, because I stayed in your soul it caused some... complications.
Your Semblance being one of them."
"My Semblance?"
"Your true Semblance, the one you were supposed to unlock." Azule said. "When I first
learned the truth of my existence, I was angry, so very angry. I wanted to get back at that
moronic system and you for stealing my life, and since I couldn't physically hurt you I had to
improvise." He reaches for his neck and pulls out a necklace with a glowing black crystal. "I
sealed your Semblance... along with your other abilities inside my necklace. It was my hope
that it would make you weaker and easier for me to take over. However, I didn't want to alert
the system of my presence too early, so I gave you my Semblance and essentially placed
myself at the center of your power."
My response to that was sending my doppelganger a heated glare.
"Don't look at me like that. You would have done the same if our roles were switched." Azule
said. "I've dedicated my whole life to training, to become stronger so that I can avenge my
mom... but I guess now there's no point in that." He looks down to see that his lower body is
disappearing. "It looks like my time is running out. Even now... I don't wanna go." He
chuckles. "It's funny... if I had realized Professor Lionheart's odd behavior then none of this
would have happened."
I kneel in front of him as his torso is slowly vanishing.
"Humans are often plagued by 'what ifs', wondering whether doing something different here
will lead to a different outcome later on." I stated. "You've done enough. I'll take over from
here."
"I wish I could have met my sisters... just once." Tears slowly fall from his face. "Promise me
something... end this. End this war... set us all free..."
I nod.
With that Azule disappears into particles of light, leaving only the necklace behind.
I pick up the necklace and crush it in my hands.
Raven POV
I walk away from the battlefield in order to find Vernal, but that's when I notice something.
The atmosphere around her has become colder. The hairs on the back of her neck are standing
up. The dread she is feeling is overwhelming.
Is it the boy? No, he's dead. A Grimm then? But what kind of Grimm emits this much
negativity!?
I turn around only to see something pitch black pass me in an instant. I turned back to see
what it was but couldn't see anything due to the black miasma its surrounding itself in. Is this

the boy's Semblance? No, it can't be. His Semblance was superspeed, right?
"Who are you?" I finally ask, desperately trying to hide my fears with bravado.
"You already know who I am." It raises its right hand revealing it to be carrying an arm. "I
took this. Hope you don't mind."
I look down and am horrified to find my entire right arm completely missing!
"GHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!" I scream and fall to the ground. I
grasp the stump tightly as it spews out ludicrous amounts of blood. "You... got past my
Aura!"
"Your Aura was weak. It didn't require any effort to break through." The monster
throws my arm away like garbage and makes its approach. "How does it feel, Raven? To be
weak? To be worthless? To be so insignificant that it's not even worth killing?"
"You bastard...!" I snarl.
"Bastard? Oh, I'm not a bastard, Raven." The black cloak dissipates and I gasp at what is
revealed. His hands are in black obsidian giving him claws similar to a Beowulf. He still has
the engine sword on his left hand. His hoodie and shirt have been completely shredded,
revealing his toned chest but also tribal tattoos that encompass his chest and two jagged horns
on his head. His eyes are still silver though the pupils have become more cat-like. But
perhaps the most obvious change are the two large feathered wings on his back.
"I'm the Devil himself."
I slowly move back, trying to get away, but my body is suddenly encased in rock and ice.
"Now, how am I going to kill you? There are many ways to kill someone. Death by fire?
Death by ice? Death by stabbing? Death by broken bones? Death by crushing? Well, I
don't suppose the method really matters, does it?" He raises his sword. "In the end, you
die."
I stare helplessly at the sword rising high above his head. This is where I die? In some town
nobody gives a damn about? I suppose this is karma for everything that I've done.
'Yang, I'm sorry.' I close my eyes and accept my fate. 'Please, be better than I was...'
*BOOM!*
"Huh?" I slowly open my eyes to see the demon looking to his right. I looked in his direction
and saw someone I wasn't expecting to see.
"Get away from my mother, you freak!" Vernal screams, aiming her guns at the demon.
"Oh?" A wide smile appears on his face, showcasing sharp white teeth. "I'm surprised you
came back. You must be either incredibly brave or..." The smile then morphs into a

frown. "Incredibly stupid. Still, you decided to come back and face me, so I guess you
deserve some credit."
"Vernal? What the hell are you doing!? I told you to get out of here!" I yelled.
"Shut up! I came back to rescue your stupid ass, appreciate it!" Vernal bites back, shocking
Raven.
"You little-" I look up in horror as a malicious red energy gathers right between his horns.
"RU-" I tried to warn her but it was too late and he fired, unleashing a red torrent of power
straight for her.
... and misses!
The shot misses Vernal's entire head by a mere inch!
"You know what? I've changed my mind, you two don't get to die today!" I lower my
hand.
"W-What!?" Vernal and I say in shock.
"Consider it a reward for protecting Raven, even when it was a worthless gesture." He
elaborates.
"Y-You killed my friends, MY FAMILY! And your just gonna WALK AWAY!?" Vernal yells
in outrage.
"Yeah. I was just gonna kill Raven, but then I realize that if I do, then the power of the
Spring Maiden will just go to someone else and I don't intend on going on a wild goose
chase for that. So, I'm really sparing you both out of convenience." He nonchalantly
explains which sets Vernal over the edge.
"I'LL KILL-" But Vernal's words grind to a halt as he just reappears mere meters from her
face.
"I think you misunderstood something, I didn't spare you because out of the goodness
of my heart, I spared you because you simply aren't worth the time. You are nothing but
a decoy maiden who's only job is to mislead Salem and Ozma from Raven, and you will
do so until your usefulness is over." He bluntly told her.
'Ozma? Is that Ozpin's true name?' I thought. It makes sense that he would have a true name,
but... how does this monster know that!?
"I could just take Raven and open the vault now, but I don't have any use for the Relic
right now, so you will protect her until then. And if I find you both trying to worm your
way into Salem or Ozma's side, I will slowly tear you both apart and just use your halfdead bodies to open the vault." His glowing eyes stare down at her like she's an insect. "Is
that understood?"

Vernal nods and he smiles.
"Good. But just to make sure." He grabs Vernal's shoulder and she feels something flow
into her body. "An insurance, just in case you decide not to follow your word." He then
moves to do the same with Raven.
"What did you put in us!?" Raven demands.
"So arrogant to demand answers from a Devil, Raven. Besides, its more fun to watch
you not know anything." He unfolds his wings. "Enjoy your new futures, my pets." And
flies away.
Vernal looks angrily at the sky before realizing why she's there. "Raven!" He rushes to me.
"Hold on, I'll get you out!" He fires at my prison and eventually breaks through.
I try to use all of my remaining strength to stand up, but the throbbing agony on my right side
makes it a daunting task.
"I got you." Vernal wraps my arm around her neck as she pushes me upwards.
I look down, completely defeated. "What's the point, Vernal? The tribe is gone... we are
nothing."
"We can worry about that later, Raven. Right now we need to get out of here. Huntsmen are
likely on their way right now." Vernal grabs my arm and pulls me off the ground before
making a run for it to the woods.
Normal POV
*KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK*
"Hold on, I'm coming." Oscar yaws as he walks towards the door. He grabs the doorknob,
twists it, and opens the door to see something that makes his drowsiness completely vanish.
"Hey Oscar..." I smiled. "Do you think I can stay with you for a while...?"

Chapter 6: RWBY: Getting Things Together
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
' Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
In a farmhouse in Mistral, a woman is seen having trouble lifting a crate full of milk bottles.
She sighs as she gives up and stretches her back. "Oscar? Oscar, can you lift this for me?"
"Coming aunty!" Oscar rushes towards her aunt as he slowly lifts the crate.
The scene switches to show a man watching everything from the second-story window with a
mug in his hands. He is wearing an outfit consisting of a pair of plain blue jeans and black
shoes; a button-up white shirt with a protruding collar kept partially buttoned, a plain gray
hoodie, and a black leather jacket with a red interior, two horizontal white lines on each
sleeve, and a red tribal design on the back.
(AN: It's Alex Mercer's outfit from Prototype).
It's been quite some time since I destroyed the Branwen Tribe and the subsequent destruction
of Fuyuki(The same name as the one from the Fate series), the town I would frequent most of
the time. It was all over the news, the "Wild Hunt" they called it. One of the strongest, most
notorious, most vile bandit tribes wiped out in a single night, with not a single civilian
casualty.
Civilian reports state that a man wearing a white mask appeared out of nowhere and ushered
everyone to evacuate, just in time for the tribe to march in. They weren't able to discern
further on his appearance beyond that and when the authorities asked, they simply said that
he was too blurry and that it was too dark to get a proper good look.
As you can imagine, the entire kingdom went on a frenzy trying to find this mystery
huntsman. Several upstarts have tried to take the credit, but they were all ridiculed and
bastardized by the public when they realized that these people couldn't deliver.
Fucking fakers all of them.
Sad that I lost [Joker's Mask] and my [Revolver].
Thanks Raven, you dumb bitch.

Speaking of Raven, she has gone off grid, disappeared from the public eye. The public had
already labeled her as dead despite the fact a body was never found.
[Aren't you worried that she'll tell Ozpin about you? It's not like you any leverage on
those two?]
"Nah, not really." I said in confidence. That "insurance" I implanted was nothing more than
just my [Aura] that would help relieve some of the pain, nothing serious. "Raven's a coward
at her core, if she were to be threaten by someone stronger, she will do anything to keep them
appeased."
[I still think you should have just killed her and taken the power. She isn't really
someone you'd want to keep alive]
That may be true, or it could be Azule influencing my actions from the shadows." I remarked.
Tobi was sure surprised when I told him about Azule and how his Semblance allowed him to
persist the take over. Needless to say, he was shocked and appealed by this, both because of
his inability to detect this abnormality and the fact that it even happened in the first place.
[I did a sweep of the system and there are no abnormalities. Azule Rose is gone for
good]
"..." I should be happy to hear that, but I'm not. From the bits of memories I got Azule lived a
harsh life, full of fighting and anger. The times he was happy were few and far between,
mostly because the people he got close to died at the end. His strength was above average for
a student and his Semblance [Survival] allowed him to always be in control of the battle.
It's what led Azule to be found by Leonardo Lionheart who took him in as a student to Haven
Academy at the young age of 14. He trained him, gave him a team to count on, and most
importantly, a family and place to call home.
Then he was betrayed, killed... by the one person he valued most.
[Are you okay? You seem a little... constipated for the lack of a better term]
I let out a sigh. "I'm fine. Just trying to get my head in order. This transmigration thing is
giving me a headache. It feels like I'm walking in someone else' shoes."
[What do these memories tell you?]
"Hurt." I said bluntly. "He spent his entire life training to one day avenge Summer, his
mother. He became strong enough to fight Grimm without much help, gaining some infamy
for his brutality and his disinterest in social interaction. Leonardo Lionheart gave him a place
to belong and friends that he can count on. He even told him about Salem, which caught me
by surprise." I grit my teeth. "But when he found out what Leo was doing and confronted him
about it, he killed him and made sure his team followed suit, all out of an excuse to protect
his precious kingdom." A mirthless chuckle escapes my lips. "You know, I think I understand
what Roxas went through in Kingdom Hearts 2. He had friends, rivals, a home, he had the

perfect life. Only to find that it was all a lie and that his existence means nothing in the long
run. If I was in that sort of position, I would most certainly break."
[I think you've stayed cooped up in here for too long. Maybe you should step out and
perform a field test of your Semblance like you've always wanted]
Right, my "Semblance"... if you can really call it that. I know I didn't
have [Survival] anymore since I can no longer see it on the menu and instead show me
something else. My true Semblance.
But what kind of Semblance is this!?
[Nemesis]
The user can create, shape and manipulate Dark Matter, a hypothetical type of matter
distinct from baryonic matter (ordinary matter such as protons and neutrons),
neutrinos and dark energy. The name refers to the fact that it does not emit or interact
with electromagnetic radiation, such as light, and is thus invisible to the entire
electromagnetic spectrum. Although dark matter has not been directly observed, its
existence and properties are inferred from its gravitational effects, and it is estimated to
make up 84% of the universe's mass and 23% of its mass-energy. Allows access to the
following abilities:
Dark Matter Transmutation: The user can transform anything into dark matter.
Dark Matter Affinity: Users become stronger, faster, more durable, etc. when they come
in contact with dark matter, possibly unlocking abilities related to the affinity and
enhancing the existing powers by 60%. Some users may be able draw sustenance from
dark matter or even slow or stop aging.
Dark Matter Radiance: The user can release and surround themselves in/with dark
matter for defensive and/or offensive purposes, possibly becoming almost untouchable
and granting them various abilities/attacks. The aura may also give the user enhanced
physical capabilities such as speed, strength and durability.
Dark Matter Constructs: Users can turn Dark Matter into tools, objects, weapons and
other items, create semi-living constructs and/or create structures/buildings of varying
permanence. Users who have mastered this ability can use it for almost any situation,
creating anything they need.
Dark Matter Physiology: Allowing your body to be made up of or transform your body
completely into dark matter. This transformed state can be anatomically identical to
your normal form, aside from being made of dark matter in which case it contains all
organs and is somewhat vulnerable to attacks.
Gravity Manipulation: This can range from basic things like increasing gravity to make
things heavier or make things lighter to controlling attractive and repulsive forces
achieving an effect akin to [Telekinesis], ignoring or defying the laws of gravity
altogether, allowing one to walk on walls or ceilings or manipulate orbital fields on

anything. You can also control your personal gravitational field, allowing you to move
faster, be more agile, conserve stamina, fly, and even generate black holes.
Continuum Distortion: Allows you to distort the time-space continuum. This power
allows you to teleport, travel through time, travel through alternate universes, etc.
New Title [Dark Emissary] acquired!
[Dark Emissary]
The Darkness welcomes you as one of its own. It will protect you from any who will do
you harm.
All Dark-based attacks increase by 20%.
I close the window and press the "Traits/Perk" icon.
[Devil Gene]
Allows the user to transform with devil-like abilities, powers, skills, and traits. This
transformation increases the user's fighting abilities to an astronomical degree,
however, the transformation also causes their personality to change drastically,
becoming more sadistic, aggressive, psychotic, dominating, and unforgiving.
All stats go up by x1000.
[Judge]
You hate sin and crime and will bring down judgment on those you deem guilty.
Your stats will multiply by 1.5x when fighting a being with a title associated with crime.
[Devil's Charm]
You are ridiculously handsome. Girls will immediately flock to you.
Your CHA increases by 7. Reputation/Affection is easier to gain from the opposite sex.
The first thing that came to mind when I saw this was "This is broken as fuck" which is true.
I didn't exactly know how to approach this or how to even use it.
It was a good thing I got this from completing that quest.
[A Gamer's Grimoire] - Rank: EX
The "manual" for Gamer's skills and perks, allowing readers to learn how to properly
use and control their abilities. The pages are normally blank, but will begin to write the
best ways for the Gamer to use their skills to their maximum capacity.
I hold onto the large tome tight. If I didn't have this, I would have never figured out how to
use both my Semblance and my new trait. The latter of which proved to be more troublesome

than the former.
There were times I had to locked myself in my room just so I didn't give into the temptation
of murdering Oscar and his aunt. It only got even worse when a dark voice would come out
of nowhere and beckon me to do it, beckon me to rip Oscar apart, let his guts trail down the
floor and spread them around the house before raping his aunt, saying that it was natural to
prey on the weak.
Needless to say, I had to put a stop to that.
Luckily, that's where [Gamer's Grimoire] comes in.
I'm not gonna go into details but basically what you have to do is make the voice submit and
merge with you. To do that, you first had to lower all mental defenses and let it in, then it was
a matter of trapping it in an isolated part of your psyche and fighting it to the point of
exhaustion. Afterwards, restrain it and force it to submit to your mind and soul, effectively
fusing with you.
The result? Nothing really. I'm still myself, though now I find myself becoming a little
more... interested when it comes to women.
Sexy and drop-dead gorgeous women. Like Raven.
Good thing [Gamer's Mind] curbs those thoughts otherwise I would get arrested.
Dark matter, on the other hand, has a lot of applications, from creation to destruction. Its
potential application is literally limitless. I can think of anything; giant robots, mobile
fortress, powerful swords, and it will create them with ease.
This puts EMIYA's UBW to shame. I can create any weapon (not just swords) and
actually keep them around.
That's one hell of a Semblance to have.
"Still, what should I do now...? I still haven't cashed in those gacha tokens so I can start with
that." I pull out the [Uncommon Gacha Tokens] and the [Legendary Gacha Tokens] from
my inventory and activate them all at once filling the floor with a variety of items.
You have earned the following from the [Uncommon Gacha Token]:
[Blue Sister] - Rank: A
A katana whose blade is made of cursed ice that will never melt regardless of anything.
If someone is even cut by this sword, the cursed frost will instantly spread throughout
the victim's body, freezing them from the inside out.
1118 + STRx1.5 Physical/Ice Damage
[Atlas Armlet] - Rank: B

Raises max MP and Defense. Also significantly enhances magic and summon power.
MAG +2, DEX +2.
[Elixir] - Rank: A
Fully recovers HP/MP
[Beowulf] - Rank: B
A set of black gauntlets and greaves with a somewhat animalistic look. The gauntlets
vaguely resemble a wolf's head, with fangs and mane. The greaves look like clawed legs.
They also have glowing veins that have white light flowing through them.
As they are "blessed with the sacred light", all of Beowulf emits light with each punch
and kick. They are capable of concentrating light into a ball and throwing it or erupting
it from the user's body. It can also cover the user in light.
1078 + STRx2 Physical/Light Damage
You have earned the following from the [Legendary Gacha Token]:
[Amulet of the Ancient Sage] - Rank: EX
User takes 95% less damage from enemy magic, and 50% less damage from enemy
attacks fueled via mystic energy, such as Aura, Chi, Ki, Chakra, and so forth.
[Super Archive LVL. MAX]
A magic from the Archive archetype in Fairy Tail. Let's you access databases like
computers, smartphones, Scrolls, servers as well as allow access to the internet but it
may take a few days to fully connect to a specific network.
Cost 800 MP to use
[Ultimate Warrior]
You are an absolute unit. You take 30% less damage and deal 30% more damage.
Occasionally, any damage done to you will be directed back to your opponent with extra
powerful dealing twice the original damage.
"Nice." I smile at the amulet in my hand and put it on. The effect activates immediately upon
putting on and I can already feel myself getting stronger.
The [Atlas Armlet] is an item straight from Kingdom Hearts. It's one of a series of items that
you had to synthesize in the first game (AN: I don't know about the other ones because I
haven't played them yet) and even though there are way better items, this is still a good way
to start.
I take off the [Iron Bracer] and put on the [Atlas Armlet] and I can already feel the
difference. To put it one way, the amount of energy I sensed in the bracer was small, very

small. But when I put on the armlet, I can feel more energy coming from it, entering my body
as it makes me stronger.
"Now all that's left is to put my new powers to the test. I should look for an isolated place,
away from prying eyes." I exit the room and begin my tread down the stairs. I reach the first
floor and make my way to the back door.
"Oh Azzy! Are you going somewhere?"
I turn to the voice to see Oscar's aunt. She didn't have much of an appearance in the show and
you only ever hear her voice, but now I got to see what she looks like.
She's a woman who looks like she's in her late thirties. She has tanned skin, likely from
working outside all day, short brown hair which she keeps tied to a ponytail and hazel eyes.
Her face is oddly youthful, which betrays her true age. She looks like a schoolgirl more than
anything.
She wears black boots, white tank top that barely covers her sides, showing off her C-cup
breasts and her surprisingly toned arms. Over that she is wearing blue overalls which hug her
figure and tight ass and a pair of dirty black boots.
Overall, she's an attractive woman, not as stacked as Raven, but attractive nonetheless.
I decided to use my original name and when I did, Ms. Pine had a hard time pronouncing it.
So I told her to simply call me whatever she wanted and of all the names she could have
picked she chose "Azzy."
... not that I mind though.
"Oh, Ms. Pine. I didn't hear you come in." I said. "I was just stepping out for some fresh air."
The woman nods. "Alright. Just make sure to come back by dinner. You know how Oscar
gets when his big bro isn't around."
I chuckle a little. For the past month, I have been training Oscar on sword fighting. He was
awful at first but as time went on he got a hang of it. I was surprised by how fast the farmer
boy managed to pick up on things at a faster pace than compared to Jaune.
He even started calling me "Big Bro", it's cute.
"Will do. See ya tonight." I smile and proceed to leave.
Ms. Pine watches on as I leave. "That boy is a total mystery. But I can't think of anyone I'd
rather have Oscar spend time with other than me."
I walk out of the house and take a deep breath. [Nemesis] requires the user to know exactly
what they desire. If they want a weapon, they need to have an image of what weapon you
desire as well as what it does and how much power it has. Sounds easy enough, doesn't it?
Well, no. You need to have a clear focus on what you want, you cannot allow stray thoughts
to distract you otherwise you will end up with something completely different.

"Fly." A light shockwave blows the grass back as my feet slowly leave the ground.
Manipulating gravity on yourself is a matter of negating the planet's pull on you, effectively
closing yourself off in a separate space. It's like how two magnets will always repel each
other when they're up against the same force.
I look up and blast off into the sky. I'm flying so fast that I almost pass out from the lack of
oxygen before stopping though at that point I was already far from where I intended and now
I am somewhere in the mountains.
Shit. I forgot to regulate my speed so I was flying faster than I should have and now I don't
know where I am.
But still... to be able to fly like this... is beyond amazing!
Flying is awesome! This is totally different from flying on a plane!
[I think you should look down]
My euphoria subsides as I look below, only to see what looks to be ruined buildings and such.
"Hm..." I fly down and land on what looks to be a village of sorts. The village itself was
burned to the ground though some of the structures managed to survive.
I begin my tread through the abandoned village. The eerie silence combined with the dreary
atmosphere makes this place extremely hostile.
Side Quest!
Quest: Mystery Village
An abandoned village in the middle of the mountains. Yet it feels familiar...
Objective: Find the mystery behind this village
Rewards: 34,901 EXP, 12,723 Credits, Skills
Skill Level Up!
[Movement Mastery LVL. 20/100]
"That's... a little too much just for this." I remark in a bit of shock.
It's like in those horror movies where suspense is heightened up to eleven and it makes the
inevitable jumpscare even more frightening.
As I walk through the empty path, I get a closer look at the area. Old debris littered the area,
signs of a battle can be seen everywhere.
*CRACK!*

I stop at the sudden sound and look down to see that I've stepped on a couple of broken
arrows before slowly looking up as the arrows lead to a clothed pile of bones. But what draws
my attention is the massive hole in the skull, as if something heavy got on the corpse and
crushed the skull.
"Damn..." I mutter and continue my expedition.
I keep walking through the ruins until I arrive at what looks to be the village square, and what
I found will likely creep some people out.
Bones.
Bones everywhere.
All of them were damaged almost beyond recognition. Lying on the floor and in between the
ruins, like they were running away but couldn't evade whatever chased and killed them.
"It feels like I've entered a graveyard. Or maybe this is what Hell looks like." I walk towards
some of the rubble and see what appears to be a flower symbol etched into the ruined rock.
"This must be the village's insignia. But why does it look so familiar...?" I mutter to myself.
A dark wind howls as I immediately jump up and look at the fog. "Something's coming..."
On cue, there was a weird noise coming from a distance. As I looked on, the noise got closer
and recognized it as footsteps, the same kind that a horse makes when it walks. That's when a
silhouette appears as the entity reveals itself to me.
It is a large horse-like Grimm with a humanoid-like torso fused to it. On its back is an
exposed spine with sharp spikes coming out of it along with a variety of weapons from
previous battles stuck in it.
"Well shit, I'm in fucking Kuroyuki." I said.
Name: Nuckelavee
Title: King of the Mountain, Torturer, Child Eater
Level: 40
HP: 4,734
MP: 0
SP: 4,001
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interest, new toy
My eyes widen in horror at the title. "It... it eats children!?"

Alert!
Quest has now been changed!
New Quest: The Pale Rider
Kuroyuri was once a beautiful village until the Nuckelavee and its pack appeared and
killed everyone save for two kids. Kill it and end the stigma haunting a certain someone.
Objective 1: Kill the Nuckelavee
Objective 2: Kill all of the Grimm
Rewards: 34,901 EXP, 12,723 Credits, Items, Skills
The humanoid half lets out an ear-piercing scream despite its mouth being sealed shut.
Suddenly, the entire village square begins to rumble and from the pile of debris and bones,
Grimm begins to crawl out of their hiding places and converge on the Nuckelavee.
A dozen Beowulfs as far as I can count, but these are much bigger and have armor plating
than the others.
The first one looks like a gorilla with black fur with armor pieces in certain places with a
glowing red eye. The other looks like bears with black fur and a bone-white masks, but its
paws are much larger, the claws longer, and have massive spikes protruding down its back.
The last ones are much taller than all the other Grimm combined, including the Nuckelavee,
their bodies are primarily made up of rock along with wood and other parts of the
surrounding buildings. Its arms and legs aren't attached to the main body but rather levitate
loosely like their asteroids. There's a face at its center, likely its weak point since it stands out
the most.
Name: Alpha Beowulf
Level: 32
HP: 2,344
MP: 0
SP: 2,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: MEAT!
Name: Beringel
Level: 33
HP: 2,499

MP: 0
SP: 2,745
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL!
Name: Geist (Petra Gigas)
Level: 37
HP: 2,888
MP: 0
SP: 1,012
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL!
Name: Ursa Major
Level: 30
HP: 2,010
MP: 0
SP: 1,989
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL!
I sweat dropped. "That's... a lot of Grimm."
[It seems your existence here is having an effect on the timeline, where things that
shouldn't have happened are happening]
That's great. I wonder what else has changed.
[You might wanna pay attention what's in front of you]
A Petra Gigas approaches and slams its arm down to crush me, only to look up and see me
floating in the air.
"You missed." Black wisps begin to converge on my left hand before I launch myself at the
Grimm and punch its face in, destroying it completely. Immediately, the rocks forming its
body quickly break down returning back to the debris it was made from.

You have killed a Geist (Petra Gigas)! You have gained 1878 EXP! You have earned 788
Credits!
Skill Level Up!
[Movement Mastery LVL. 21/100]
I look on as black smoke comes out of the rocks before looking at my left hand, marveling at
it like a new toy. But my admiration is quickly interrupted by the growls of the Grimm in
front of me.
[Looks like they're angry]
"Good. They'll be the perfect test dummies for my Semblance." I glance at the pile of rubble
in front of me. "I wonder..." I touch the rocks leaving a black handprint that quickly spreads
everywhere before they turn into a black cloud that begins to converge around me. The cloud
then grows smaller as it is absorbed into my body.
"Hahaha... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" I cackle as I am surrounded in
darkness. "This feels amazing! I am invincible!" I continue to laugh, clearly intoxicated by
the rush of power.
The Grimm are slowly taken aback by the sheer NEGATIVITY that's coming off this
human. While Grimm are normally attracted to the negativity humans emit, they cannot help
but be frightened by the negative energy coming from the human. Its power and presence felt
familiar, something that all Grimm share the moment they are born.
The God of Darkness.
The cloud of darkness dissipates as my outburst finally subsides. "Now... who wants to go
first?"
The Nuckelavee stares at me with anticipation before glancing at the other Grimm and as if
giving them a command, they all move forward.
"Oh? All at once then? Fine, I'll play your game." I slowly walk towards the Grimm.
A Beringel rushes in and pulls its massive fist to deliver a powerful punch, only to be
shocked that I grabbed the hulking fist without much effort.
With a tug, I rip the arm right off the Grimm causing it to collapse and howl in pain before I
jump on the Beringel's head and finish it off with a curb-stomp.
You have killed a Beringel! You have gained 1156 EXP! You have gained 723 Credits!
Level Up!
The remaining Grimm begins to close in on me.

"Oh no, I'm surrounded! Whatever shall I do!?" I exclaim in mock fear before I raise my
hand. "Oh wait!" A dozen [Gaster Blasters] suddenly appeared behind me though there was
something... different about these blasters.
For one, the skulls are now pitch black instead of stark white and there is a silver haze
coming out of the eye sockets.
I make a finger gun and point at the Grimm as the skulls begin to charge up.
The Nuckelavee senses the imminent danger and tries to flee but it's too late.
"Bang." The blasters fire simultaneously, creating a massive beam that not only destroys all
of the Grimm in front me, but everything else behind them. The beam continues through the
mountain range, destroying a good chunk of the mountains.
When the light dies down, there's nothing but a smoking empty crater. No Grimm, no
buildings, not bones remain. I look up to see that the mountains now have an arc-like shape
as smoke rises from it.
You have killed Alpha Beowulf (x28)! You have gained 1080 EXP (x28)! You have
gained 677 Credits (x28)!
You have killed Beringel (x25)! You have gained 1156 EXP (x25)! You have gained 723
Credits (x25)!
You have killed Geist (Petra Gigas) (x7)! You have gained 1878 (x7)! You have gained
788 Credits (x7)!
You have killed Ursa Major (x20)! You have gained 925 (x20)! You have gained 556
Credits x(20)!
Level Up(x14)!
Skill Level Up!
[Chroma LVL. 10/10]
[Chroma] has been maxed out!
"Damn..." I whisper under my breath, marveling at the degree of destruction I created.
[They didn't even get the chance to fight back. It's official, your Semblance has made
you broken as fuck.]
I hear faint cries and when I turn to look, I see the melting remains of the Nuckelavee. The
horse section is completely gone leaving only the upper half struggling to live.
Name: Nuckelavee
Title: King of the Mountain, Torturer, Child Eater

Level: 40
HP: 198
MP: 0
SP: 3,991
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Scared
Its eyes meet mine and it lets out a tiny yelp as it tries to slowly crawl away.
[This is so sad. You might as well put it out of its misery]
I summon the [Engine Sword] and approach the Grimm that has haunted this place for the
past decade. I step on its back and watch feverishly squirm as it tries to get out of my foot
before the light on its eyes go out as I plunge the blade to its head and it promptly turns to
dust.
Quest Complete!
New Quest: The Pale Rider
Objective 1(Complete): Kill the Nuckelavee
Objective 2(Complete): Kill all of the Grimm
Rewards: 34,901 EXP, 12,723 Credits, Items, Perk
Level Up(x5)!
Perk acquired:
[Beseecher]
You can copy a perk or skill and transfer it to another, each person is limited to a max
of 5.
Items acquired:
[Phoenix Down(x1)].
[White Fang] - Rank: C
Slightly raises Strength, Defense, and max AP. STR +1, DEX +1, WIS +1
[Perk Token] - Rank: B
Gives the user one random perk when broken

"And so, justice is served." I said.
[We should probably head back. No doubt Mistral already sent someone to check out
what's happened]
"True, but before we leave, there's something I gotta do." I scratch out my hand as blackness
consumes what's left of Kuroyuki turning into [Dark Matter] for me to absorb.
[Why do you need to convert the village into Dark Matter?]
My body absorbs the [Dark Matter]. "It would be unethical to waste such good material.
Besides, I have something in mind for this stuff." My body absorbs the last of the [Dark
Matter]. "Alright, let's get out of here."
I rise upwards before blasting off to my destination.
Oscar Pine stands in front of the farmhouse as he looks at the path leading to the entrance as
the sun slowly sets in the background.
"Where are you?" Oscar asks himself before something in the sky catches his eye. It looks
too small and fast to be a Grimm.
... and it's descending towards me!?
"Whoa!" Oscar jumps as the entity quickly lands in front of the farmhouse. When he looks
up, Oscar's face lights up like a Christmas tree. "Bro!"
"Yo." I wave at him.
"Where were you!? You've been gone for hours!" Oscar exclaims.
I arch an eyebrow. "Really? Man, time sure flies."
"Anyways, how were you flying like that? Did you finally unlock your Semblance?" Oscar
asked.
I chuckle. "Yeah." I grab his shoulder and we walk towards the house. "C'mon, I'm hungry.
Your mom likely cooked something delicious."
"For my millionth time, she's my AUNT, not my MOM!" Oscar pouts.
"Yeah, keep telling yourself that." I said sarcastically.
We went inside where Ms. Pine greets us with a smile and feast on the table. We eat the food
and have conversations on the most random of topics which usually ends with us laughing.
She asked me about how Oscar's training has been progressing and I told her that it's been
going great but he still has a long way to go.
It was nice. This atmosphere, the laughter, the jokes. It felt like we were an actual family.

"Hey, are you alright?" My musing is interrupted by Oscar's question.
I turn to the farm boy. "Of course. What brought this up?"
"I don't know. You just seem... distant than usual." Oscar said. "Also, you haven't touched
your food yet."
I look down and, sure enough, my plate is still full. "Oh." I turn back to Oscar. "Sorry. Must
have forgotten about it."
"Now, how does someone forget their dinner? The dinner your humble host worked so hard
to make it so good." Ms Pine said, giving a sad puppy look.
I visibly flinch, that look hurts me emotionally more than physically. "Okay, Okay, I'll eat.
Just stop making that face."
"Okay~" Ms. Pine exclaims with a beaming smile.
God, she can be such a child...
I eat the food and, while it is delicious, I can't find myself eating more of it. Ever since I
got [Nemesis], I found that I had more energy than normal. I barely needed to eat, use the
bathroom, or even go to sleep. Usually, an apple would be all I need for the day. I can stay up
for up to 96 hours straight before feeling any drowsiness.
"Are you okay, Azzy?" Ms. Pine asked.
"Yeah." I replied.
The older woman's brows furrowed. "Don't lie to me. You've been acting weird for some time
now and I'm starting to get worried." She reaches out and grabs my hand. "If there's
something bothering you, you shouldn't hesitate to tell us. We can help."
I turn to Oscar who's giving me the same look. 'God, even he's giving me the same look.'
I give them a reassuring smile. "I'm fine, Ms. Pine. I'm just not hungry."
"Oh..." She sounds relieved but also... disappointed?
"Hey, it has nothing to do with the food." I pat her back. "I'm just one of those types who gets
full from eating very little."
Ms. Pine lets out a small smile.
I stand and grab the used plates. "Well, I'm gonna wash these plates. Thanks again for another
great meal, Ms. Pine." I take the plates to the other room and start washing them.
"... I don't buy it, Oscar. Something's clearly eating at him." Ms. Pine whispers to her nephew.
Oscar gives looks at her aunt. "Are you sure? It could be that he just wasn't hungry."

"Maybe, but I can't help but feel that he isn't telling us something. I mean, after staying with
us for this long, you'd think he could at least tell us what's eating at him."
"Sometimes, there are things people don't wanna share. Even to their loved ones." Oscar told
her.
Ms. Pine arches an eyebrow. "Since when did you give out advice?"
Oscar blushes. "Big Bro has been helping me with that. He has been helping me get around
some of my 'quirks' as he calls them. He even managed to help me stop stuttering my words."
"Oh yeah. I did notice that you've been stammering less lately." Ms. Pine comments. "So
how's the training? Is he treating you well?"
"Yeah, but between you and me, he is awful at explaining things. He's more of a hands-on
type of teacher instead of the normal lecture types." Oscar states.
"Well, actions do speak louder than words after all. Maybe we should find you a combat
tutor." She knows Azzy means well, but he is an amateur when it comes to teaching and he
knows it.
"NO!" Oscar suddenly yells, surprising his aunt. "I-I-I mean..." He blushes in embarrassment.
"Isn't money tight right now? I don't think it's a good idea to hire a tutor."
"Oh? Is my little nephew afraid that his Big Bro will stop paying attention if you get a tutor?"
His aunt teased.
"Knock it off, aunty!" Oscar exclaims.
The Pine duo laugh, not realizing that their guest has been eavesdropping this whole time.
Later
The door to the guest room opens and I walk inside before closing the door behind me. I
check my stats.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary
Race: Human(?)
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 52
HP: 14,960 (1496 per minute)
MP: 23,700 (2370 per minute)
SP: 10,600 (1060 per minute)

AP: 8,100 (810 per minute)
VIT: 374
STR: 478
DEX: 530
END: 478
INT: 426
WIS: 270
MAG: 790
LUK: 374
CHA: 686
Money: 10,000,119,656 Credits
[That woman sure is perceptive. Even with Gamer's Mind running she can still see that
something's on your mind]
"Yeah well, it's none of her business anyway." I sit on the bed. "How long have we been
living here again?"
[It's only been about four weeks since we first arrive at the farm]
"Really? It feels like I've been here for years." I comment.
It was true. Living on the farm had a sort of effect on people. The quietness, the serene and
captivating atmosphere, and the work that made you break a sweat lets you forget about the
passage of time. I remember Oscar once telling me that her aunt had to mandate work hours
because people would haggle her for extra money for all the "accidental" hours they worked.
"You know, there's something I want to check on." I activate [Super Archive] causing a
holographic screen and a keyboard to appear in front of me. "Now, let's see what Remnant's
latest gossip is." It's hard to get news when you live so far out of any major populated areas,
especially since one of the closest towns around was destroyed almost a month ago. The only
information you can find is the occasional gossip from coworkers, and even then it's barely
reliable.
"Hm... let's see what Vale's up to." I type Vale into the console and quickly access the CCT
network. See, [Super Archive] allows me to hack into any sort of network I want and look
up information without any consequences coming back to haunt me.
It's basically Google on steroids.

After a bit of browsing, I see a new article that quickly catches my attention. "Huntsmen-intraining stop terrorist attack." I read out loud and continue reading the rest. "A sect of the
White Fang used an abandoned supply train in Mount Glenn and rigged it with explosives. It
is speculated that their plan was to use the train to lure in the Grimm and then detonate the
bombs right beneath the city giving the Grimm an opening behind the kingdom's defenses."
A mugshot of Roman Torchwick is shown. "Atlas military apprehended several White Fang
members alongside the ringleader Roman Torchwick, who is wanted for several accounts of
robbery, assassination, and now, terrorism. He is held prisoner at the Atlas flagship, under
General James Ironwood's direct supervision."
[So, the Breach has already happened. I guess that saved us a lot of time]
I look up the article's date of publication. "It says here this article was uploaded three weeks
ago. Which means this occurred after my fight with Raven."
[But in that case, how did she manage to rescue Yang? If I recall correctly, you did cut
off her right arm]
"Honestly, I can think of a few ways she could've pulled it off." I began. "The first, and the
most obvious, is that she had assistance from Vernal. The second, she managed to 'persuade'
someone to graph her a prosthetic arm. The third, and this is a bit of a stretch, she used her
Maiden power to create an arm made of ice that she can manipulate at will with her magic.
This would not only give her the versatility she once had, but also enhance it, since she can
morph that arm into any weapon she wants."
[You're right, that is a stretch yet why do I sense confidence in that idea]
"Because I highly doubt Raven would ask for help. She's more of the Lone Wolf type if you
ask me." I said. "Haggling for a prosthetic seems unlikely since they are mainly distributed
by Atlas and giving her status as a notorious bandit, there's no way in hell she's stepping foot
in any of their facilities. Which leaves us the magical solution: create an artificial arm using
her ice magic. But hey, that's just a theory."
[A Game Theory-]
"Stop." I ordered the A.I.
[Well, what are you gonna do now? You don't need to sleep so what do you plan to do
for the rest of the night?]
"I'll probably go into a dungeon and just grind. Maybe see just how far I can push my
Semblance. Those Grimm in Kuroyuri left a bad taste in my mouth." I opened the menu.
Dungeons available:
Zombie Dungeon (Complete)
Lizardman Dungeon (Complete)
Bird Dungeon (Complete)

Demon Dungeon
?
"Let's go." I press the [Demon Dungeon] icon.
In an instant, reality shifts as my bed disappears and I fall to the ground.
When I get up, I am greeted by a floor that seems to be made out of flesh and internal organs
and a waterfall of blood.
"Ugh." I cringe in obvious disgust.
Quest Unlocked!
Quest: At Hell's Gate
You are in Hell. No explanations needed.
Objective: Get out of Hell
Bonus Objective: Find the sword
Rewards: 39,897 EXP, 25,695 Credits, Perk, Skills, Items, Title, Legendary Gacha
Token
"Well, shit. I'm in Hell. Fucking great." I let my frustrations show. "Question is, which
version of Hell am I at? And what does it mean by 'sword'. What sword?"
As I walk through the meaty corridors, I see a light at the end of the path and rush towards it.
When I reach the end, I am greeted by the sight of an orange sky, a barren wasteland and
series of mountains spread out everywhere.
I narrow my eyes at the mountains and realize that they aren't mountains at all, but massive
bones belonging to an even massive corpse. I turn my neck around as the camera zooms out,
revealing that I was standing on the empty eye socket of a giant's head, its brain splattered
everywhere as smaller demons eat at it like vultures.
"Yep. This is DOOM alright." I activate my Semblance and rise from my spot before taking
to the skies. No sooner as I fly through the gory landscape I run into my first opponents.
They are small floating spherical monsters with a single eye and a large toothy mouth and
have brown leathery hides. Their jaws have human-like mouths surrounded on either side by
several well-articulated mandibles, each capable of individual movement. They have large
horns adoring their heads, with several smaller sets of horns stumbling its brow and scalp,
almost resembling scant hairs. They all have one glowing orange eye and their arms are long
and their nails are very sharp.
Name: Pain Elemental

Level: 39
HP: 3,000
MP: 3,000
SP: 5,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: HUMAN, KILL!
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 28/100]
"A Pain Elemental... we're really starting off good with this." I remark.
The Pain Elementals let out a shriek before regurgitation flaming skulls from their maws.
The moment those skulls look at me, the flames turn red as they unleash an echoing screech
before barreling towards me like missiles.
Name: Lost Soul
Level: 1
HP: 10
MP: 0
SP: 0
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL
"Oh shit!" I dodge the incoming skulls but it doesn't matter as more skulls appear and blow
up in my face.
-1000 Damage
AP: 7,100/8,100
HP: 14,960/14,960
As the elementals continue to spit out more skulls, I grab my chest as I am suddenly
overtaken by a burning sensation. "It hurts... I... can't breathe..."
Suddenly, I transform into my demon form which surprises the Pain Elementals.

I let out a scream so powerful that it shatters the skulls of the [Lost Souls] so easily.
You have defeated Lost Soul(x7)! You have gained 10 EXP(x7)! You have earned 3
Credits(x7)!
I turn to one Pain Elementals before charging at them at incredible speeds and latch myself
onto one of the demons. I proceed to grab its eye and pull it out, causing the demon to howl
in pain. But the howl is cut short as I plunge my arm into the eye socket and dig through its
skull pulling out pieces of its brain until it fully dies.
I stare at the blood, seemingly in a trance. It was beautiful, tantalizing...
"Hehehehe..."
... and GLORIOUS!
"HAHAHAHA!" The demon cackles with child-like joy. A cacophony of madness and rage
that would make all humans tremble in fright before promptly shitting themselves the
moment they heard it.
I quickly set my sights on the other demon and threw the corpse at it. The Pain Elemental
swats the corpse aside but its skull is flattened and its eye pops out of its socket. The camera
pulls up revealing it to be the demon to be responsible, having punched its skull with so much
force that it caused it to cave in destroying its brain completely from the inside.
The last Pain Elemental charges forward as it raises its sharp talons only for its massive eye
to widen as the demon blasts it with fire from its mouth, incinerating it in an instant.
You have defeated Pain Elemental(x3)! You have gained 1650 EXP(x3)! You have
earned 1009 Credits(x3)!
Level Up!
It then jumps off to the next demon, undeterred by the dozen [Lost Souls] that explode in its
face as it reaches out and grabs its new victim.
"Do you feel fear, demon...?" I ask with a smile so wide it'll split its face in two.
The Pain Elemental whose only reply is a loud shriek as it grabs onto its enemy, its talons
sinking into its back.
The demon doesn't seem to register the grip. "No? Well let's fix that." He presses on the
demon's hide, plunging his obsidian-like claws into its skin before peeling half of it off like a
banana. The demon screams as I slowly begin to tear apart its limbs following its eye, jaw,
and horns, leaving only a mutilated but barely alive Pain Elemental before I clasp my hands
together and crush it.
You have defeated a Pain Elemental! You have gained 1650 EXP! You have earned 1009
Credits!

"HAHAHAHAHAHA... hahahaha... he..." My laughing dies down as I transform back to
normal and begin to descend in an uncontrollable free fall and crash into the hellish
wastelands below.
In the crater, I let out a groan as I slowly raise my head. "What... was... that?" The rage, the
bloodlust, and the arousal from hearing those demons screaming. It was all there, I felt it.
I... I enjoyed it.
[This dimension is much like the Hell from Doomguy's universe. Prolonged exposure to
this world will cause humans to turn into demons, go insane, or simply be more
susceptible to the Dark Lord's influence. In your case, it caused you to lose control of
your demonic form allowing you to be more susceptible to your primal urges]
I stand up. "Is that what that burning feeling was? Ugh..." I slowly make my way upwards.
[Gamer's Mind managed to curb the demonic urges and forced you back to normal.
However, the likelihood of this happening again is very high]
I slowly climb out of the crater and stand up. "Any ideas on how to stop it?"
[Wearing a protective suit should be able to protect you from the harsh ecosystem,
however, it also needs to have the ability to ward off Hell's corrupting influence
otherwise you'll relapse again]
"And I know EXACTLY what suit to make." I close my eyes and begin to imagine what I
want as darkness begins to envelop my body as I can feel the suit quickly taking form.
The darkness disappears and I open my eyes as I look at myself in my suit. The suit is mostly
dark green, silver, black and bronze in color, with slightly lighter legs and helmet. It covers
the whole body including my arms. It's more of an endoskeleton rather than a suit of armor
given how snug it is and how fit it is to my body. On my left wrist is an arm-mounted blade
and mounted on my left shoulder is a small cannon.
I look at my hands as I open and close them, letting my senses register the cool and
comfortable feeling of the suit. "It worked." I smile as I look through the visor. "I actually
created the [Praetor Suit]." I notice the sudden appearance of sleeves. "I don't think this
iteration of the suit had sleeves. But hey, I'm not gonna complain." A holographic HUD
suddenly appears showing my health, mana, aura, and stamina. "And it even has a
functioning HUD, too!"
[It seems that I have access to all of your suit's systems. Awesome]
"So, we're really doing this? I play the role of Doomguy and you play VEGA." I said.
[Slayer, I am detecting an unknown energy signature a few meters from our current
location. I will mark them on your HUD]
I chuckle before putting my game face on and make the tread towards my destination.
Making the journey through this dungeon was, for the lack of a better word, hellish. It was

bleak and nightmarish in nature, the number of corpses I saw in various positions was
staggering. Ranging from burned to a crisp, spit in half, decapitated, torn to pieces, had your
organs removed, and so on.
Surprisingly, I haven't run to a single demon, but I'm not gonna complain about it.
Finally, I reached the place my HUD was directing me to: a canyon that goes for hundreds of
miles. However what catches my eye is the massive demon corpse slouch over one of the
mountains, half of its body was blown off letting its guts and blood fall to the ground creating
a red river.
On top of it is a massive mecha with a design similar to the Praetor Suit except for the head,
which is more or less conformal to the shoulders rather than having a distinct neck, and has a
pair of large horns reminiscent of a Viking helm but is missing an arm. They have energy
cannons mounted on the right side of its shoulder and the left one along with the arm, lies
limply on the ground.
On both hands is a lance glowing white with intrigue symbols running it through the demon's
skull and keeping it pinned to the mountain.
[The signal is originating from that Titan. I suggest you fly to shorten the distance]
The view changes to show the back of the suit as I walk off the edge, seemingly to my death.
Not a moment later, and we see the Gamer lifting off in the sky like an angel.
I land on the pole and walk towards the spot where the energy blade has the Titan pinned. In
the spot is a small crevice, big enough for a person to go through. With no alternative, I make
my way towards the crevice and, with some strength, manage to get inside the demon's skull.
I look up to see the massive yet decaying brain of the demon and as I narrow my eyes I can
see something moving at the top of the Frontal Lobe.
They look at me.
*SHIK!*
They let out a loud noise and fall down. They are grotesque demons with a split lower jaw
and lanky, malnourished frame. Its hands possess large metal blades, which appear to be
grafted onto the demon's body and have a hunched over frame and well-built legs as well as a
pair of wings.
Name: Gargoyle
Level: 12
HP: 300
MP: 0
SP: 700

AP: 0
Thoughts about you: INTRUDER!
"Weak." I raise my hand and darkness begins to manifest before disappearing and leaves
something in its place. It's a massive combat shotgun with a gunmetal black color scheme and
a grab grip.
I pump the [Combat Shotgun] and stare at the common fodder. "Ladies first."
The Gargoyles let out a roar and rushed at me with inhuman speeds. They raise their bladelike arms to slash at me, but I easily dodge their pathetic attacks and pull the trigger, blasting
two demons' torsos to fleshy pieces.
Skill Level Up!
[Movement Mastery LVL. 22/100]
Another two decide to fly in the air and spit green, acidic sludge at me, intending to melt the
suit only to find that it was not very effective.
I look at the acidic slug and wipe off before summoning two cyan [Chroma] to summon
energy strings that pin all five remaining demons. I use [Fire Control] and summon spikes
underneath them, burning them from the inside.
You have defeated a Gargoyle(x9)! You have gained 850 EXP(x9)! You have earned 957
Credits(x9)!
Level Up!
Skill Level Up!
[Fire Control LVL. 10/10]
[Fire Control] has been maxed out!
I don't have time to breathe as something pushes me, sending me tumbling down the hole that
connects the brainstem to the rest of the spine. I grab onto the flesh, attempting to slow down
the descent only for something to grab my helmet causing me to lose my grip and I continue
to descend uncontrollably.
I grab what's pulling me down and see that it was an Imp who roars at my face before
punching its face in, killing it instantly.
You have defeated an Imp! You have gained 157 EXP! You have earned 321 Credits!
My descend until it grinds to a halt as I activate my Semblance. I continue to slowly descend
until I pass through a hole and gently land on a fleshy platform. I look around to see a fleshy
wall, a series of platforms along with a river of acid with bubbles swelling and popping. This
made me realize where I am... the stomach.

I'm in the Titan's fucking stomach!
[The energy signature seems to originate from this area. I have updated the location on
your HUD]
I activate my HUD to see a 3D layout of the stomach in real time. In it, I see a marker that
points to the objective, only a couple of kilometers from where I am.
Not soon after I take my first step, I am bombarded by a series of different demons all of
them varying in appearance, power and overall ranking in the food chain.
And I must say that I am disappointed.
Name: Soldier (Blaster)
Level: 10
HP: 400
MP: 0
SP: 100
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Kill
Name: Mecha Zombie
Level: 12
HP: 500
MP: 0
SP:200
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Kill
Name: Imp
Level: 7
HP: 200
MP: 69
SP: 100

AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL
Name: Cacodemon
Level: 17
HP: 2,500
MP: 0
SP: 3,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 30/100]
Canon fodder... absolute canon fodder.
"I'm starting to get sick of this..." Darkness covers my arms as something heavy materializes
on them. It's a massive grayish silver gatling gun: a rapid-firing, multi-barrelled automatic
weapon. I press a switch and the barrel of the gatling gun unfolds, turning into a triplebarreled minigun.
The demons let out a roar and charge at the green-armored human, believing they had the
upper hand.
Ha. Fools.
I pull the trigger and the barrels spin, unleashing an onslaught of bullets at all the demons
reducing them all into literal mince meat in every direction.
The barrels grow hotter before the chaingun completely stops with the barrels hissing and
glowing red from the rapid firing. I look around and see nothing but piles of shredded meat,
sinking and dissolving in the stomach acid.
You have defeated Imp(x7)! You have gained 157 EXP(x7)! You have earned 321
Credits(x7)!
You have defeated Cacodemon(x3)! You have gained 1212 EXP(x3)! You have earned
506 Credits(x3)!
You have defeated Mecha Zombie(x5)! You have gained 548(x5)! You have earned 478
Credits(x5)!

You have defeated Soldier(Blaster)(x5)! You have gained 322 EXP(x5)! You have earned
277 Credits(x5)!
Level Up!
Suddenly, fire begins to surround me and from it, demons slowly begin to take form.
"Don't tell me," I look around frantically until I spot a figure standing on an opening in the
wall. It is still extremely tall, has a brown-like hide and is very muscular. Numerous spines
can be seen all around its body, and tough pieces of bone cover its frame, particularly on its
shoulders and chest area.
"An Arch-vile!" I scream and immediately take off towards the high-class demon lord
leaving the [Chaingun] on the ground. Arch-viles are by far the most annoying demons you
encounter in the game, not only because it can spawn a large puddle of flames underneath
you, but summon demons almost indefinitely and enhance them making the fight last
annoyingly longer than it should.
Overall, the moment you see these bastards, you better kill them immediately otherwise the
fight will drag out and you'll be stuck in a limbo of sorts until you die.
"Oh no, you don't!" I reach to grab the demon's neck for my hand to be smacked away as a
wall of flames is erected. I grit my teeth and clench my fists in anger before I punch the wall
of fire that, to the demon's surprise, breaks the fiery barrier and grabs the demon by the face,
throwing it down to the acid river below.
The Arch-vile slowly stands up as its summons disappear. It lets out a roar of rage as it glares
at the descending human in front of it.
Name: Arch-vile
Level: 34
HP: 6,000
MP: 2,250
SP: 1,543
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Annoyance, anger
I pick up the [Chaingun] and aim at the demon before pulling the trigger, sending a barrage
of high-speed bullets on it.
The high-class demon raises its arms up to its face to protect itself from the oncoming
onslaught. It then throws a fireball at me which I quickly dodge before teleporting to the back
of the stomach and starts its summoning ritual.

[You will not be able to deal any real damage if it continues to teleport. Find a way to
immobilize it]
"Right." I dismiss the [Chaingun] and run towards the Arch-vile, jumping from platform to
platform as new demons begin to take shape. I raise my hand and use [Ice Control] to freeze
its feet causing it to falter from the sudden cold and the ritual is interrupted.
The demon tries to break the ice on its feet before looking up to see two large shards of ice
piercing through its chest as the ice suddenly spreads everywhere, freezing the Arch-vile
completely.
"AAAAH!" I jump and punch the demon's head, shattering it into many pieces.
You have defeated Arch-vile! You have gained 1478 EXP! You have earned 1204
Credits!
Skill Level Up!
[Ice Control LVL. 9/10]
[The demonic presence in this area has been eradicated]
With no other obstacles to impede my way, I resume my search. After some time, I
eventually reach the other end of the stomach where I find a mountain of demon corpses that
have been melted together by the acid but that wasn't what caught my attention but rather
what was at the top.
Stabbed deep in a zombie's chest is the handle belonging to a weapon. However, when I try to
climb the mountain of flesh, the acid that has coated the flesh has made it slippery and almost
impossible to climb. I ponder for a few seconds until I finally get an idea. I place my hand on
the flesh and it begins to glow orange before it spreads everywhere. After another second the
glowing stops, revealing that the mass of flesh has become charred before it collapses into
itself becoming a pile of ash.
I walk up to the pile of ash and pick up what was inside the flesh, finally getting a good look.
It is an ornate but fairly unremarkable sword. The guard takes a "W" shape and it has a spiral
handle that leads to four skulls on the pommel with a spike at the top.
[Force Edge] - Rank: C
The sword of the Legendary Dark Knight Sparda. It was forged using the lifeforce and
demonic power of Sparda himself. In order to seal the gateway to the demonworld,
Sparda used his own blood, along with the blood of a human priestess, and a mythical
amulet. He poured his demonic energy into his beloved sword to close the door between
realms, the Temen-ni-gru, though this also robbed him of the lion's share of his abilities,
and sealed the path with Force Edge acting as a keystone.
2000 + STR Physical Damage

"Not bad, though I was hoping it was the Crucible." I comment before realizing something.
"Wait a second," I opened my inventory and looked through the list of items until I found it.
"There!" I click on it and the [Perfect Amulet] appears in my hand.
As soon as it appeared, the [Perfect Amulet] begins to raddle and flies to [Force Edge] and
it is instantly engulfed in demonic power. When it subsides, the sword has drastically
changed. While it keeps its grip and crossguard, the spike on the skull is split in half with the
frontward, more elaborate half forming a small blade that curves around the bottom of the
blade. The blade itself is replaced with an organic-looking spinal column attached to a long
curved blade via an organic looking substance with bones covering the bottom of the guard.
It has a large red jewel to the side and a green one just below it, and the grip is darker than
before.
[Force Edge] has evolved into the [Devil Sword Sparda]!
[Devil Sword Sparda] - Rank: A+
The released state of Force Edge; it's true form. It can change into two other forms: a
spear and a scythe. It holds not only its own power but Sparda's own as when Dante
used it in the battle against Mundus, he was able to take Sparda's demonic form as a
Devil Trigger. It is recognized as a source of god-like power and, if it were absorbed, it
can give the user power beyond the gods themselves.
8000 + STRx3 Physical/Dark Damage (x21 in demon form)
I can't help but grin. The Sparda. I finally have the Sparda! The one of the most powerful
swords in the Devil May Cry series!
"This is gonna be fun." I poke the organic part of the blade and watch it squirm as if it's alive.
[I don't mean to interrupt your little celebration but I am detecting a strange energy
signature a few miles from our current location. I've identified it as Sentinel in nature]
"Sentinel? Some Sentinel tech survived?" That was interesting. If there's intact Sentinel
technology, then there's likely some weapons that I can salvage.
"Mark it on my HUD." I raise [Sparda] and swing it down.
The view changes to the outside of Titan as its lower abdomen explodes, unleashing a
waterfall of blood and stomach acid as I fly off with the [Sparda] magnetically attached to
my back.
[You are about to reach your destination. I have also detected that the Sentinel
signature seems to be corrupted. I'd advise caution]
I descend at what appears to be my destination. It is a large temple sculpted from the
mountain itself. Red demonic runes glow ominously despite the fact that it looks abandoned.
I walk inside the temple only to be greeted by a harrowing sight; there are corpses littered

everywhere. Some of them are from demons while others are from humans in white armor. In
the middle of the floor is a large magical circle drawn using the blood of the corpses.
"It cannot be... how are you here?" A deep demonic voice echoes throughout the temple.
I look as something crashes down with a loud thud. It is a humanoid wearing Sentinel armor.
Their armor is an earthy green, with a plate on the left of their chests, with a red glow on the
left side. Their upper under-armor seems to have been torn away, as some shreds can be seen
from underneath their ammo belts. The lack of under armor reveals their chests, with deathlypale skin and visible veins. They have a larger pauldron on their left shoulder, and heavier
armor down their left arms, suggesting they are primarily right-handed.
It has pale-white skin and their visible facial features resemble a humanoid skull. They have a
set of upwards-curving horns on the top of their heads, and two downwards-curving horns on
the sides, with a row of spikes going down the center of their heads. Their right hands have
long, sharp, claw-like nails.
"No... you are not him. You are an imposter!" It snarls.
Name: Marauder
Title: Traitor, Slave of the Makyr
Level: 40
HP: 10,102
MP: 0
SP: 9,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Faker
I shrug. "I like to think of myself as a fan. Though if I'm being honest, green is not my color."
"You impersonate a false idol." The Marauder points out. "He was never one of us."
"Maybe that's a good thing. He would have never bowed down to demons. He would rather
die or rip them to shreds instead of what you did." I shoot back.
"My eyes were opened by the Khan Makyr. She and the priests will lead us to
paradise." The Marauder defends.
"By using the souls of uncountable species as fuel. You and your kind are fools to believe her
nonsense." I said.
"Enough!" The Marauder growls and raises his right arm to pull a pole from his back. He
ignites it, revealing it to be a battle ax. "I will kill you. Your blood will be the last I need to

complete the ritual."
"If you want it, then you'll have to take it." I take [Sparda] off my back and take a battle
stance.
"Hmph." It unholsters its shotgun and fires it, but I raise my sword to block it.
I looked at the weapon and had to blink a few times, because I couldn't believe what I'm
seeing. In the Marauder's left hand is a sawed-off, break-action, double-barreled shotgun.
However unlike the standard Marauder weapons, this one has a pair of golden claws at the
bottom.
It was none other than the [Super Shotgun], the Doomguy's signature weapon.
And seeing it in that demon's claws... made me angry.
"That gun doesn't belong to you!" I charge at the Marauder and swing my weapon, however,
it is blocked by a scarlet red energy shield.
"You will need more than just pure strength to kill me." It pushes me back and summons
a golden spectral hound that rushes at me and bite my leg.
-3,678 Damage
AP: 4,872/8,550
HP: 15,800/15,800
"Get off me!" I repeatedly kick the hound's head before it finally disappears only to look up
to see a beam of energy that explodes in my face.
It sends me flying back and crashes on a pile of corpses.
-5,999 Damage
AP: 0/8,550
HP: 16,927/18,500
"Pathetic. You are not a true warrior. Did you believe putting on his suit would make
you invincible? The Slayer may have never been one of us, but all Sentinels respected
his strength." The Marauder raises his ax. "Repent for your transgressions in the
afterlife." It sends a beam of energy at the Faker and explodes.
"Hmph. What a waste." The Marauder turns around and begins to walk away before he
suddenly stops. "...?" It turns its pale head to find the faker not only alive, but unscathed.
"Impossible. You cannot be alive." The Marauder glares at him. "Who are you?"

I grab [Sparda] and glare at him as [Bloodlust] begins to take hold. "Your worst nightmare."
I charge at the Marauder at high speeds.
The resurrected Sentinel raises his shotgun but its arm is instantly cut off before he is
punched with so much force that it sends him crashing towards the wall.
"Grahagh!" The Marauder roars as it struggles to get out of the wall, pushing past the pain
of its severed left arm and broken jaw. It finally pulls itself out of the wall and grabs its battle
ax and launches several energy waves towards the faker before dashing forwards in an
attempt to get a clean blow on the impostor's neck.
I dash back, letting the ax crash into the floor. The Marauder has no time to raise its weapon
as it dodges the incoming slash from the impostor's sword but it wasn't fast enough as its left
horn is cleaved off.
"Ugh!" The Marauder grabs the stump where its horn was. "No, NO! I refuse to be
defeated by a mere IMPOSTOR!" It summons another spectral hound to distract him only
for multiple black spikes to rise from the ground and pierce through the spirit familiar,
defeating it instantly. The Marauder can only look in shock and fear before being blasted
from behind by two [Gaster Blasters].
When the attack ends, the Marauder is seen slouch over, its armor having been completely
blown off and its body scorched beyond recognition. Yet, despite it all, the resurrected
Sentinel still persists.
"You Sentinels are persistent, I'll give you that." I remark as I pick up the [Super
Shotgun] and check if it's loaded. "You were right about one thing, I needed more than just
brute strength to beat you. I needed [Rage]."
"Who... are you?" The Marauder struggles to ask.
"You know, since you're gonna die I might as well give you the courtesy." I aim the shotgun
at the Marauder's head. "My name is Asmodeus. Tell your brothers that when you see them in
the abyss."
*BANG!*
The Marauder's head is blown clean off, leaving little chunks of meat and blood all over the
floor.
You have defeated a Marauder! You have gained 13,002 EXP! You have earned 7,109
Credits!
Level Up(x2)!
Skill Level Up!
[Movement Mastery LVL. 22/100]
Quest Complete!

Quest: At Hell's Gate
Objective(Complete): Get out of Hell
Bonus Objective(Complete): Find the sword
Rewards: 39,897 EXP, 25,695 Credits, Perk, Skills, Items, Title, Uncommon Gacha
Token
Level Up(x4)!
Perk Acquired:
[Massive Strength]
Doubles all Melee Damage.
[Resilient Body]
All Damage reduced by 50%
[ Radar]
Allows you to detect enemies even from far away. Bypasses all anti-detection skills.
Skills acquired:
[Aerokinesis LVL. 1/10]
Allows the user to create, shape, move, control, interact and manipulate wind.
57 + INTx1.2 Wind damage
Cost 25 MP
You now have all four main elemental skills
Would you like to fuse them all into one skill?
[Y/N]
I tap [Yes].
New skill created: Elemental Manipulation!
[Elemental Manipulation LVL. 1/100]
Allows the user to control all elements in any way they choose.
387 + INTx1.5 Elemental Damage

Cost 100 MP
[Aura of Despair LVL. 1/10]
An aura of pure negativity that surrounds the user causing every living within 30 feet to
be inflicted with [Fear], which inflicts a penalty to all actions. Besides inflicting fear, it
can reduce the stats of its victims by 8. Despair Aura will not have an effect on
opponents above level 100, but its effect can be strengthened.
In its default state, it inflicts [Fear] on a target. In its second level, it inflicts [Panic] on a
target causing them to be inflicted with an irrational urge to flee the user at all times. At
level three, it inflicts [Confusion] on the target causing them to lose bodily functions and
disorientates their senses. At level four, it [Insanity] on the enemy and it is permanent
and level five inflicts [Death], killing them instantly.
Items acquired:
[Red Chaos Emerald] - Rank: EX
[Stand Arrow] - Rank: A
A golden arrow with mystical properties. In actuality, however, the arrowhead was
made from a meteorite that crashed on Earth 50,000 years ago carrying with it an alien
virus. The virus will kill anyone who comes into contact with it, however, should the
person have sufficient spiritual strength, they will manifest a Stand.
[Shackles of Exodia] - Rank: EX
A set of shackles for your wrists and ankles, they seal away 99% of your stats leaving
only 1%, but the body they are tied to will slowly but constantly grow in power as
everything from their body to energy.
[Skill Martyr] - Rank: A
User selects 1 skill and it will be deleted, and all exp from it will be transferred to
another skill, this is a consumable item
[Uncommon Gacha Token]
Title acquired:
[Hell Walker]
You are the scourge of hell. Your very presence fills the demons' hearts with fear.
When fighting against [Demon] type enemies their stats will decrease by 50%.
I turn around and pick up the demon's weapon and glance at the shotgun.
[Sentinel Battle Axe] - Rank: B

A Marauder's signature weapon. It is powered by Argent Energy much like the Doom
Slayer's own Sentinel Crucible and just like the Crucible, it has the unique ability to
seal away demons when the blades are snapped off.
3,000 + STRx1.2 Physical Damage
[Super Shotgun] - Rank: A
The Super Shotgun deals heaps of damage up close, gibbing those weak fodder demons
in one hit. Its widespread shots shreds multiple fodder demons with a single shot. Its
massive stopping power can cause most heavy demons to stumble. However, the Super
Shotgun is useless at long ranges, and it uses up lots of ammo, since it requires two
shells per shot, meaning that it has only 12 uses at maximum, and 8 uses at minimum.
The meat hook allows you to close the distance between yourself and the enemy as well
as traversing the environment. It has a special ability called [Flaming Hook] which
ignites enemies the moment the hook latches itself to the target.
6,950 + STRx3 Physical Damage (x10 against Demons)
I send both weapons to my inventory before grabbing the [Sparda] and doing the same thing.
"Let's get out of here." I exit the dungeon and return to my room.
I let out a tired sigh as I dismissed the [Praetor Suit] turning back into [Dark Matter]. "That
was the most taxing dungeon I've ever been in." I look out the window as I see it's already
morning outside. "And it looks like I've spent all night in there." I check my stats.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker
Race: Human(?)
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Level: 61
HP: 17,480 (1748 per minute)
MP: 27,750 (2775 per minute)
SP: 12,400 (1240 per minute)
AP: 9,450 (945 per minute)
VIT: 437
STR: 559
DEX: 620

END: 559
INT: 498
WIS: 315
MAG: 925
LUK: 437
CHA: 803
Money: 10,000,172,260 Credits
"I haven't been here for five months and I'm already level sixty." I mutter as I walk up to the
door and leave the guest room.
The scene switches to the table where Oscar and his aunt placed the breakfast on the table.
"I wonder if Big Bro will like the breakfast we made." Oscar said.
"Of course he will! My cooking easily beats a five-star restaurant you know!" Ms. Pine
exclaims.
Just then, Oscar hears creaking and turns to see his brother figure walking down the stairs.
"Good morning, Big Bro!"
"Oscar. Ms. Pine. Good Morning." I greeted with a smile.
"About time you woke up." Ms. Pine comments and gestures towards what's on the table.
"We made pancakes with strawberries today. Hope you like them."
"Oh strawberries. Very nice. I think I'll help myself to some." I walk towards them and take a
seat on the table with the Pine duo following short after.
We enjoyed breakfast. The pancakes are delicious. It might be due to how much energy I
used while in the [Demon Dungeon] because I seem to be hungrier than ever.
As I watch the aunt and nephew talk, their voices begin to dim as I begin to think about what
to do now. [Nemesis] has the ability to allow interdimensional travel, meaning I could travel
to other universes.
But should I? If I leave then the canon events of RWBY will still happen even though now
Raven sports a handicap. I don't want Oscar to become Ozma's reincarnation. In fact, I don't
want him to get involved in any of the bullshit. He is a kid, he deserves a normal life.
[Nemesis not only has the power to control space, but also time. If you decide to leave
this universe, time will slow down, but will go back to normal when you decide to
return]

'I see.' I thought as my attention returned to reality. "I'm leaving the farm."
The family stops dead on their tracks and wipe their heads in my direction.
"Excuse me?" Ms. Pine said.
"I'm leaving today. It's finally time for me to finally get my life on track." I told her.
Oscar slams his hands on the table and promptly stands up. "W-W-W-What!?" He then
suddenly loses balance and falls.
"You already heard the first time, Oscar. And I don't like to repeat myself." I said.
Oscar grabs the table and pulls himself up to look at me. "Why do you want to leave!?"
"I can't stay here forever, Oscar. I'll have to leave at some point." I told him.
Oscar just looks at me with a look of visible sadness... and betrayal. That is until I put my
hand on his shoulder.
"Hey, hey. I won't be gone forever. Someday, I'll come back." I give him a reassured smile. "I
promise."
Oscar reluctantly nods. "O-Okay..."
Later
Oscar and her aunt stand outside in front of the entrance of the farm while I stand on the other
side.
"Now, are you sure you got everything?" Ms. Pine asked.
I gestured to the heavy-looking bag. "Pretty sure. You filled it with so much stuff that it's
about to pop."
"Hey, it's called being cautious. This area of the kingdom doesn't get a lot of Huntsmen, so
you need to make sure you can take care of yourself when you travel." Ms. Pine said.
"Fine. Thanks, aunty." I said. "Oscar?"
"Yes, bro?" Oscar asked.
"I got something for you." I open my inventory and pull out the [Engine Sword] and [Iron
Bracer]. "Consider it an early birthday present."
Oscar's eyes sparkle as he happily accepts the gifts. "Thanks, Big Bro! I'll treasure them
always!"
+51 Reputation with Oscar Pine (100/100)

"I'm not done yet. Still one other gift." I place my hand on Oscar's shoulder and
activate [Beseecher] for the first time.
Time seemingly slows down as a screen appears showing me a list of skills and perks that I
want to transfer. I choose [Friendly Smile] and [Radar] for the Perks and [Blade
Mastery], [Movement Mastery] and [Heal] for the skills.
"Alright, these should do." I close the screen and time goes back to normal as Oscar stumbles
back.
"W-Whoa." Oscar mutters as he feels power coursing through him. "W-what was that?"
"Insurance. You'll thank me later." I told him. "Welp, I better get going. See you around." I
turn to the road and begin to walk while the Pine duo waves me goodbye.
"Hey! When you get to town, make sure to give us a call!" Ms. Pine yelled out.
"I will!" I yelled back and gave them a little wave.
"Big Bro! I'll continue training and get stronger! And one day, I will kick your ass!" Oscar
exclaims.
"Oscar!" Ms. Pine gasps.
"I look forward to it!" I yelled.
After some time, I turned back to see the Pine farm off in the distance, away from prying
eyes. "Alright, I think this is far enough." I throw the oversized bag into my inventory.
[According to the Gamer's Grimoire, the process is similar to teleportation; that you
need to simply create a portal with a destination in mind. Otherwise, you'll just warp
around space randomly]
I take a deep breath. "Well... fingers cross." I raise my hand at the empty space and trace
down my index finger, which splits reality and creates a distortion in space big enough for a
person to fit through. "Let's do this." I walk into the distortion until I completely disappear
inside and it closes.
And so, the journey begins.

Chapter 7: Detour 1: Glitchtale
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
I walk out of the portal and the first thing that greets me are the ruins of a city.
"What the hell?" I mutter under my breath.
[Hm... it looks like we ended up somewhere on Earth]
"Any idea as to where on Earth did we end up?"
[How should I know? You were the one who input the destination. You tell me!?]
"Tehe." I scratch my cheek as I laugh nervously.
[You mean you didn't have a destination in mind!? Oh, you sonuvabitch!]
"Hey, cut me some slack. This is my first time hopping universes." I grumbled.
[Whatever. We gotta figure out where we are first]
"Hm." I start walking through the seemingly abandoned city. As I do, I notice that there is no
one in sight, not a single soul. "This is weird. It's like I'm in the [Zombie Dungeon] again."
A piece of paper flies in and passes my face. I snatch the paper out of the air and look at it. In
the paper is a picture of a pink blob of some kind with a maw of sharp teeth.
"DO NOT APPROACH! If you encounter this, run to the nearest human shelter - AMD." I
read out loud. "Looks like the city has gone under lockdown." I narrow my eyes at the
illustration. "Where have I seen this before?"
Unbeknownst to me, a small pink blob crawls from the wall. From its perspective, it sees a
mass of darkness and at the center what appears to be a red heart.
*PING!* My [Radar] goes off and I turn around only for something sharp to suddenly
impale me in the chest.
The pink blob tries to pull the harpoon back, but struggles to do so.

The view switches to reveal that the pink harpoon is stuck in my chest, [Dark
Matter] keeping it in place.
"Now that wasn't very nice, was it?" I used [Observe] the creature.
Name: Pink Blob
Level: 3
HP: 7
MP: 0
SP: 10
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
"Only level 3? You have to be joking." I walk towards the blob and punch it through the wall.
You have defeated a Pink Blob! You have gained 12 EXP! You have earned 7 Credits!
I pull my arm out of the wall. "You know, I think I know where we are now." I turn to the rest
of the city beyond. "We're in [Glitchtale]."
[Glitchtale?]
"One of the many Undertale AUs that fans have made, though this one is a little... special." I
walk down the road as I continue the explanation.
[What makes you say that?]
"After many Genocide Routes, Frisk had enough and tried to stop the Genocide but when
they couldn't, they did the only thing they could do: they gave Sans their [SOUL] and he
used it to [Reset]. The problem is that a [Reset] like that should've never happened the way it
did and because of that, multiple anomalies started to pop up which caused glitch after glitch
to build up in the game's code."
[If that's the case, why don't they just Reset and fix everything?]
"They can't." I answered. "After reaching the surface, Frisk destroyed the [Reset] button. You
can imagine the number of problems that caused."
[Does that include the blobs?]
"Yup, along with something much worse." I look up at one of the intact skyscrapers. "Let's
get a better view of things." I fly upwards and land on the roof of the skyscraper and see
firsthand the destruction IT caused.

"I can sense the magical energy in the air. All coming from one area." I turn to the direction
of the source. "If I remember correctly, this is where they enact the plan to trap that giant pink
blob. Then again, it could be something different entirely." I adopt a thinking pose. "It's been
a while since I last watched the show. My memories of it are a little hazy."
[You should try asking someone what's going on]
"And make myself look like I've been living under a rock? No way." I said. "A simple
reconnaissance of the city should jog my memory."
I rise upwards and take off. "This is depressing." I look down at the city and see the monsters
helping the humans against these blobs. "All the monsters ever wanted was freedom, now
they have to fight for it against an enemy that shouldn't even exist. They shouldn't be fighting
at all."
[Even the most honest of intentions have disastrous consequences. Frisk may have had
good intentions, but even they must have been aware that those choices would come
back to haunt them later on]
"Yeah..." Suddenly, a loud blast catches my ears followed by a massive explosion that sends
spiraling out of control and crashing on the pavement.
"Dammit..." I push myself up and proceed to dust myself. "Even though I don't take fall
damage, that doesn't mean I enjoy getting tossed around like a ragdoll." Loud shockwaves
catch my attention as something rises from the background.
[Looks like a battle's taking place]
"Yeah, and I have an idea on who's fighting who." A small smile forms on my face as I pull
my hood up. "This is gonna be fun."
Meanwhile
In the middle of the city, a fight is taking place. On one side stands a small skeletal being
wearing a blue jacket, a gray sweater, a pair of black shorts with white stripes, and a pair of
sneakers. He has blue eyes glowing from his sockets as he blankly stares down at two other
skeletons, one healing the other.
The first skeleton is wearing a black trench coat, a black turtleneck, black jeans, and black
shoes. His most distinctive feature though are the two cracks on his face; one on right side
running upwards and the other on his left side running downwards.
On the floor is another skeleton, albeit more injured than the other one. He was wearing a red
scarf, red gloves, red boots, a black t-shirt, gray undershirt, and black pants.
In front of them is a human or something that remotely resembles a human. It resembles a
young girl with brown hair with pink highlights, wears a pink/violent sweater, a pink skirt,
and brown boots. However, this is where the resemblance ends. Instead of hands it has pink
claws, instead of a mouth it has a pink maw with white shark-like teeth and has pure pink

slitted eyes with pink sclera. Most of its face is missing, revealing its true grotesque face
underneath.
Overall, it was more monstrous than the monsters fighting her.
"Hey Papyrus..." The skeleton said with worry etched in his voice causing the other skeleton,
Papyrus, to turn to him.
"G-Gaster..." Papyrus calls out before wheezing in pain. He had a puncture wound near his
shoulder as well as several cracked ribs from almost getting crushed as well as some cuts and
scratches.
"Stay still." Gaster begins to use green magic on Papyrus to heal his wounds, albeit very
slowly.
The short skeleton looks at him and pulls his hood down, his eyes becoming pitch-black
voids as his mouth pulls into a snarl.
"I've had enough..." He jumps on a blaster and rises into the air. The monster stares at the
skeleton as he rises through the air staring right at her with a fake smile written across his
face.
"Listen kid, I'm tired, they're tired, you're tired. so I'm just going to end this quickly, okay?"
He said as his eyes glow brightly with anger and with a snap of his bony fingers more gaster
blasters were summoned until there were enough that when they began charging the entire
sky glowed with the monster girl staring at him in fear as her hair began turning more pink by
the second.
Meanwhile, Gaster looks up to see what he was doing with fear written on his face
"SANS! STOP!" He shouts as IT grins before releasing a shock wave of energy. Suddenly the
blue glow was replaced with pink and all the blasters are aimed at Sans instead of IT.
Gaster can't help but stare in horror as the dozens of blasters fire at Sans only for the horror to
be replaced with shock as a green dome surrounds Sans and deflects the barrage.
"WHAT!?" It screams but before it can react a black blaster appears and fires point-blank,
destroying the pavement and sending the creature flying.
"Hm. Looks Like I arrived just in time."
Gaster slowly turns to the direction of the voice to see a human walking towards them with a
black-themed Chroma floating next to him.
"A human...?" Gaster mutters, clearly confused. 'How does he have access to my magic?'
"You guys look like you could use some help." I said with a smile.
Sans descends down and jumps off the head of his blaster.

"Who are you?" Sans asks me with an all too serious tone unlike his usual lazy self.
"My name's Asmodeus, as for who I am..." I ponder for a moment. "Let's just say I'm a
traveler and I got lost. I saw you guys fighting that pink thing and thought you might need
help."
Though a totally different scenario is taking place inside the Gamer's mind.
In my mind
"OMG, I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M MEETING SANS IN THE FLESH! OMG, I CAN'T
BELIEVE IT! THIS IS SO AWESOME! THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER!" I scream as I
jump up and down with a Sans plushie in my arms.
[Jesus Chirst dude, calm down]
Back in the real world
Sans narrows his eye sockets before they turn pitch-black in shock at what he sees.
~Sans vision~
Asmodeus
LV: ?
HP: ?
AT: ?
DF: ?
*A very mysterious "human". He really wants your autograph.*
~Vision ends~
"what the!?" Sans exclaims. This has NEVER happened before.
"I think instead of focusing on me, you should probably focus on that thing over there." I
point and the skeletons turn to look and see the pink monster already back on its feet.
Name: Bête Noire
Title: The Black Beast, The Most Powerful and Destructive Being Imaginable, THE
HUMAN WHO DID THAT, Thing, Monster, Child Killer, Megalomaniac
Level: 22
HP: 5,200
MP: 4,289

SP: 3,009
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Annoying
~Undertale Ver.~
LV: 20
HP: 99
AT: 999
DF: 999
Skill Level Up!
[observe LVL. 29/100]
'Interesting, I can see both her normal stats and her Undertale stats.' I remark as I raise my
hand only for Sans to grab it. "Hm?" 'Sans is touching me!'
"Listen, thanks for the help, kid, but you need to get out of here. we can take care of it from
here." Sans said.
"Oh really? From where I see it, you were about get carpet-bombed by your own magic. And
besides..." I use [Observe] on Sans.
Name Sans the Skeleton
Title: Pun Master, The Judge, The Laziest Skeleton in the Universe, Ketchup Lover
Level: 14
HP: 96
MP: 929
SP: 36
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Weary
~Undertale Ver.~
LV: 0.1
HP: 0.00001

AT: 1
DF: 1
*He will fight for his friends and family till the Last Breath*
"You're on your last legs, aren't you?" I said, causing Sans to quickly snap his neck to me.
"H-How did you-!?" Sans was about to ask before a bottle of [Elixir] was suddenly shoved in
his face.
"Here, drink this. I'm not sure if it'll completely heal your body but it should be able to keep
you together." I state. 'This is a good chance to see the healing properties of a high-tier
healing item first hand.'
Sans stares at the bottle before looking at me. Who is this guy? Where did he come from? So
many questions are running in his head and the fact that he couldn't see his level didn't help
his paranoia.
"Sans." The voice of Gaster suddenly brings him to reality as he glances at the royal scientist
who nods his head.
Sans sighs and takes the bottle. He pops the cord and immediately drinks it (AN: How he
drinks without opening his jaw is a mystery). "Wow." His blue eyes glow brighter as his
body quickly regains his strength. "That was great. I FEEL great! I haven't felt this way
since... ever!"
Name Sans the Skeleton
Title: Pun Master, The Judge, The Laziest Skeleton in the Universe, Ketchup Lover
Level: 14
HP: 1,020
MP: 2,000
SP: 178
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Still wary but very much thankful
~Undertale Ver.~
LV: 1
HP: 20
AT: 1

DF: 1
*He is so full of energy*
"That's an [Elixir] for you." I said. 'I honestly wasn't sure if it'd worked, especially on a
monster like Sans. Glad to see my thoughts were misplaced.'
Betty (AN: I'm gonna call her Betty from now on because Bête Noire is just too
long) walks forward and looks at us though her attention is mainly centered on me. "Who are
you?" Her voice is a mix of hisses and growls.
"Just a humble traveler who decided to have a closer look at the chaos." I said.
"Oh? I'm glad to see someone is interested in my work." Betty smiles.
I shrug. "Well, when you're making such a ruckus in the city of course someone would want
to take a closer look."
"Then you must know that what I am doing is for the sake of all humans." Betty states.
I tilt my head. "Oh? How so?"
Betty giggles. "Simple. These monsters cannot be allowed to roam free. If they did, then the
events from a thousand years ago will happen again. So, I'm going to STOP IT before it
begins."
"By killing humans and monsters." I surmised.
"Hehehe, yes~" Betty cackles with delight. "It has been going so well, I have killed so many
monsters and I've harvested enough [SOULs] from the humans to become all powerful.
Nothing can stop me!"
'Does she not see the error in her logic? Then again, she's just a spell so it doesn't really have
much in common sense.' I scratch my head. "That's all well and good, but..." I step forward.
"You'll have to get through me first."
Quest Unlocked!
Quest: Control the Fear
Bête Noire has laid waste to most of the city, killing monsters and harvesting human
souls. She is a construct created by a spell used by a spiteful woman who killed her own
brother and little sister that is now running out of control. Her kill count is beyond
hundred-thousands. It's time to put this curse to rest.
Objective: Defeat Bête Noire
Rewards: 51,098 EXP, 33,102 Credits, Skills, Perks, Common Gacha Token, Legendary
Gacha Tokens

"That's fine. After I kill you, I'll kill those clowns behind you and take their souls." From
Betty's perspective, she can see the souls of her opponents: three [Monster SOULs] and a
red/black soul.
'His [SOUL] looks valuable... I need it!" Betty thought.
"Speaking of which, you have a very interesting soul yourself. Mind if I take it?" Betty
creates a pink spear and charges at high speeds.
"Kid!" Sans yells as he tries to use his magic to move me out of the way.
I snap my fingers.
Betty looks confused before the ground suddenly bursts into a pillar of flames right at her
eyes. "AAAAAAAHHHHHHH!" She lets out a screech of pain as she leaps back from the
intense heat as her outfit is aflame.
"If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen." I joked.
"I'll kill you!" Betty roars and transforms her arms into blades.
I raise my hands which, at first, made the Bête Noire look at me funny before the ground
around her begins to shift and rise, forming a multitude of hand constructs.
"Heh." I throw my arms forward and the constructs copy the action.
Betty dodges the attack but soon multiple earth arms spring from the ground and surround
Betty before they dogpile on her and bury her in rocks.
*SHING, SHING, SHING, SHING, SHING!* The pile of earth constructs collapses as a
pink blurr surges out of the rubble and rushes towards its target.
But before the attack could even connect, he vanished!
"Wha-" But before Betty can ask her query something cold presses on her back.
*BANG!*
At that moment, Betty's torso explodes outward in a gory mess with a pink and black
substance.
The scene switches to smoke before pulling back, revealing me holding the [Super
Shotgun] in my hands.
Despite having her torso blown off, the Bête Noire is still alive as she slowly looks at me
with rage in her eyes. "Lucky shot." Black ooze surges out and begins to reattach itself to the
lower half. It pulls the torso upwards and snaps into place before it disappears, revealing her
injury (and her clothes) to be completely restored. "Too bad miracles only happen once."

"We'll see." I said. 'In Glitchtale, Betty was shown to regenerate missing limbs thanks to
the [HATE] inside her. Though I wasn't expecting this level of regeneration, it's impressive.' I
returned the [Super Shotgun] to my inventory. 'Normal weaponry won't be much use against
Betty since she'll just regenerate. I'll just have to continue using magic until something
sticks.'
Betty's pink arms begin to grow bigger as her fingers grow sharper. She launches herself at
me. To most people, she appears to be moving at supersonic speeds.
But to me... she was slow.
Way too slow.
Without missing a beat, I use [Sonido] to get right in front of Betty and before she can react,
I punch her in the gut.
"Gh! Ah...!" Betty staggers back as she holds her stomach in pain before throwing
up [HATE] sludge everywhere before her legs give out.
"Ugh, it got on my shoes." I hissed in disgust.
Betty looks at the ground, shock written all over her face. 'This is impossible. How could I be
losing to a HUMAN!? I'm supposed to have the most powerful soul in the world! And yet...
I'm being beaten by some nobody!' She lifts her head to see him staring down at her. 'At this
rate... he'll kill me.' Her eyes blink as she finally notices the monsters behind him. 'But maybe
I can still turn this to my favor.' She smiles.
I narrow my eyes at the monstrous girl. 'What is she smiling about?'
Betty suddenly raises her hand and summons dozens of dark magenta triangular projectiles
before launching them straight at me.
"Useless." I summon a green [Chroma] and project a green barrier that deflects the
onslaught. However, in the midst of the bombardment I catch a glimpse of Betty
running past me. "Shit!"
"!" Sans tries to counter with his magic but Betty manages to get in front of him. She morphs
her arm, becoming massive and hits the blue skeleton with a haymaker powerful enough to
send him crashing into several buildings across the city.
... and away from Gaster and Papyrus.
She grabs the two skeletons with her arms now fully transformed into giant claws.
"Not another step!" Betty shouts, earning a glare from the hooded man. "Take another step
and I'll turn these dirty monsters into dust!" 'Even if he is stronger than me, he is still human
and that means he cares about others. He won't let these monsters die.' She tightens her grip
on the skeletons and begins to crush them. They gave a shout of pain, and she gave a
predatory smile.

[It seems she is getting desperate, using hostages like this. What are you gonna do?]
"..." I dismiss the barrier and begin to walk forward, which surprises Betty.
"What are you doing? Why are you coming closer!? Don't you care about what happens to
these monsters!?" Betty shouts in confusion.
"I can't beat the shit out of you without getting closer. Besides, why should I care about what
you do with them? They're just deadweight to me." I told her.
Betty is gobsmacked by his answer as are Gaster and Papyrus. He doesn't care about
monsters!? That doesn't make any sense! She thought he came here to save the monsters!
"If you don't care about the monsters, then why are you interfering!?" Betty demands.
"Why?" I glare at her. "You'll be dead soon anyway, so why should I even answer that
question?" I summon [Beowulf] and rush at her at blinding speeds before kneeing her in the
face causing her to let go of Gaster and Papyrus as she crashes into a nearby building.
I turn my attention to the two skeletons as they struggle to get up. "You two are too weak to
fight. You need to get out of here."
"But-" Papyrus is cut off by what I said next.
"Find Sans. Get to the park and help the humans deal with the giant blob." I lean forward a
little. "Sorry for calling you deadweight." I then vanish with [Sonido].
Gaster looks on in a trance before shaking his head and stands up. "Come on, Papyrus. Let's
find your brother." He gives his hand to the younger skeleton.
"Okay..." Papyrus takes his hand and Gaster pushes him upwards.
As they leave to find Sans, Gaster turns back to where the human went. "That human... he is
not normal."
"Do you think he can beat her?" Papyrus asked.
"I don't know to be honest, but at this point, anything is possible." Gaster replies. 'He not only
has access to my magic, but a variety of magical items. Not only that but his soul felt... awful.
It was cold and dreary, like a void.' He takes a deep breath. 'We may have just replaced one
monster with another.'
"Goddammit!" Betty roars as she digs herself out of the rubble. "That bastard! How dare he
play me like this! When I see him again, I will make sure he suffers!"
"Then I guess you won't have to wait too long."
Betty blinks in surprise as she sees me standing in front of her before narrowing her eyes.
"Grr... how do you do that!?"

"Trade secret~" I quipped.
Betty grits her teeth. "You know there's no hope for them. I will kill everyone in this city. It is
only a matter of time." She raises her hand towards me and smiles. "You should join me.
With your strength and my power, we can change this world for the better. We can create a
true utopia for humanity."
I look at the hand before glancing at Betty's smiling face. In my mind, instead of Betty I see
the void and the smiling form of Chara with two buttons in front of them: [ERASE], [DO
NOT].
'This feels like the Genocide ending in Undertale. Where Chara greets the player with the
choice of either erase the world or go back.' I thought before I let out a huff. 'Except, in
actuality, there was no choice at all.'
[Even if you did choose to join her, what would you even do in this AU? Conquering the
city does nothing and thanks to the glitches, it's only a matter of time before this
timeline is completely erased]
"Sorry, but I'll have to refuse." I said. "This world doesn't interest me at all. Compared to its
numerous counterparts, it is very small. Plus, I see no point in conquering this broken world
since conquest never peaked my interest."
"Oh, and what does?" Betty asked.
"Anything that stands out to me, things that I haven't experienced yet." I replied. "I want to
explore the multiverse, discover new things, eat bizarre foods, fight powerful opponents and
so much more." I sigh. "I never cared about strength, I just want to enjoy living." An idea
then pops into my head. "You could come with me."
Betty blinks in surprise. "... what?"
"I said you could come with me." I repeated. "You are special, Bête Noire, it would be a
waste to kill someone like you. I can show you things, experience things that you could never
be able to do in the confines of this broken universe."
"This universe? This is MY universe! I can do whatever the hell I want with it!" Betty
screams. "If you think I'm just going to give up my chance at completing my mission then
you are insane! I will take your [SOUL] and become the ultimate being!"
I look at her impassively. "A shame. Well then, I guess there is no point in prolonging this
any longer." Betty freezes at the absurd [Bloodlust] radiating off him. "You are free to use
any trick you can muster but no matter what you do, what you say, what you use as a
weapon," Silver light begins to radiate off my eyes. "I am going to kill you."
Betty doesn't have time to blink as in one moment the human grabs her face and proceeds to
throw her across the city before crashing in an empty, but destroyed clearing (AN: This is
where Frisk and Betty fought each other).

Betty quickly jumps out of the crater. "RAAAAAARH!" She lets out an inhuman scream
filled with frustration and rage.
"Rider Kick!"
Betty doesn't have time to react as an object of light hits her in the torso, burying her deeper
in the crater she created. She tries to retaliate but something grabs her arms and rips them off
her body.
"Do you understand now?" The light disappears as I stand on top of Betty. "You never had a
chance against me. Your [Level Of ViolencE] is simply too low to even match me." I crush
Betty's arms and throw them away before grabbing Betty by her head and lifting her up to
meet my eye level. "You should have taken my offer."
Betty's mind was going haywire. He was holding back. He underestimated her.
This human, no, this Monster was much stronger than she originally thought. As she
helplessly stared at those void silver eyes, a single familiar feeling rose within Betty.
Fear.
'I'm going to die...' Betty thought as she sweats profusely. 'I'm going to die, I'm going to die,
I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm going to die, I'm
going to die!'
"I DON'T WANNA DIE!" Betty's hair glows bright pink as she looks directly at me.
"Hm?" I blink in surprise as in Betty's place was a bloody and near dead Summer Rose, but
then her body glitches out revealing an elderly woman whom I knew too well.
It was my mother... my REAL mother.
"Why didn't you help... me...?" She says in a mix of both hers and Summer's voices as she
reaches out to me.
Back in reality, Betty manages to free herself from her oppressor's grip and begins to climb
out of the crater.
"I put all of my remaining magic into the illusion to make it extra potent, it should be able to
keep him trapped there for a while." She looks at the stumps still dripping with [HATE]. "My
arms still haven't healed. I need to find someplace to recover my strength."
Back in the illusion
I stared at my mother(s) near-dead form before I opened my mouth. "I was so scared..." I
suddenly blurred out as tears began to come out. "I couldn't do anything... my body just
refused to move. There hasn't been a single day where I don't think about what I should have
done that day. That's why," I raise my hand and summon the [Super Shotgun]. "I'll make
sure no one experiences the same pain I have."

*BANG!*
Betty is seen walking out of the area but just as she was about to reach the threshold, she felt
an oppressive sensation crawling down her spine. It is cold, deadly, angry and most
importantly... familiar.
"Hello, Bête Noire."
That voice sent shivers down her spine. It was hoarse and gravely mixed with hints of sadism
and hatred. She slowly turns to look only for a massive blade to pierce through her chest
before lifting her up as she now has a good look at the person in front of her. His hoodie is
down revealing the long white horns adoring his head with black tattoos running down his
face. But the part that makes her squirm is the pitch black aura enveloping him. It felt
like [HATE] but it's more intense, more powerful.
This... this was a Demon.
I swing my sword causing Betty to be thrown back into the cliff. Betty struggles to stand as
she desperately tries to muster more power from the [HATE] but she is too weakened to do
that.
"Did you know that Sans was a judge?" Betty looks up to see me floating in the air. "Weird,
right? You wouldn't think someone so lazy and doopy-looking would have such a role, but
despite appearances he does live up to the title. And you know something?" I raise my hand
up to the sky. "I happen to be a judge, too." A massive, black [Gaster Blaster] materializes
right above Betty. "And it's time for the verdict."
Betty's expression is riddled with fear as she stares at the massive dragon skull in the sky
charging up.
"Guilty." I close my fist and the blaster fires.
The scene changes to the city as the humans try their hardest to subdue the pink monster.
However, they are all caught off guard by a loud shockwave and when they turn to look they
see a massive mushroom cloud in the background.
One of the humans looks on in shock before taking off his goggles. He has spiky blonde hair
on the top and purple hair on the bottom, pale skin, and yellow-purple irises and wears a
purple vest.
He is Rave Rutrow, the CEO of the Rutrow company.
"What... what was that?" Rave asked as he tried to keep his composure.
At the same time, Papyrus and Gaster can be seen carrying an unconscious Sans when they
are all thrown off by the massive explosion.
Papyrus' sockets widen as he instantly recognizes the magic. "Gaster!"

"Yes, I know." Gaster said as he narrowed his sockets at the mushroom cloud. 'I have a lot of
questions for you boy, and I will get my answers one way or the other.'
You have defeated the Bête Noire! You have gained 36,980 EXP! You have earned
28,788 Credits!
Level Up(x4)!
Skill Level Up!
[Elemental Manipulation LVL. 5/100]
[Sonido LVL. 13/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 26/100]
[Chroma LVL. 25/100]
The massive blaster disappears as the mushroom cloud disperses. The entire area has been
completely destroyed, it is nothing but a charred barren wasteland.
I descend down and land at the center of the blast, where the Bête Noire was, and just stare
blankly at the spot.
[We should head back to the city. They might need some help dealing with any
remnants of left by that thing]
"Hm. Maybe I can get Sans to give me his autograph." I said with a little excitement as I
turned my sights to the city.
That's when I felt something hit me from behind.
-9,799 Damage (-50%)
5,151/10,050 AP
18,600/18,600 HP
"Huh?" I turn around only for a massive explosion to throw me back as a pink dome begins
to form around the area.
I turn to look back to find something unexpected. Instead of Betty, what's in front of me now
is a black gooey-like creature made entirely of darkness, its eyes are sharp and glowing with
an ominous pink.
Name: HATE
Title: This Horrible Substance, Animosity, The Soul's Shadow

Level: ?
HP: ?
MP: ?
SP: ?
AP: ?
Thoughts about you: n/a
~Undertale Ver.~
LV: ERROR
HP: ERROR
AT: ERROR
DF: ERROR
*It shouldn't exist...*
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 30/100]
"That's... quite the new look. Can't say I like it." I coughed as it retracts its appendage and I
begin to regenerate.
Alert!
Quest has been updated!
Quest: The Hate in all of us
The HATE Betty absorbed has completely consumed her and has taken physical form.
It is a force of nature that cannot be talked down. You must put it down before it can
fully mature.
Objective: Destroy the HATE
Rewards: 51,098 EXP, 33,102 Credits, Skills, Perks, Common Gacha Token, Legendary
Gacha Tokens
HATE raises its hand and fires a dark yellow beam at me, but I dodge it. However, it is all a
ruse for it to get close to me and use its pink claws to rip off my left arm.
-6,412 Damage (-50%)

1,945/10,050 AP
18,600/18,600 HP
"Tch!" I punch it rise across the face, sending it crashing to a wall. I hiss at the discomfort
from my right arm. "The hell? That thing's body is harder than steel." I said as I grabbed my
left arm and reattached it.
The [HATE] blasts itself free from the wall and rushes towards me, only to be blasted by
multiple [Gaster Blasters]. This is short lived, however, as a large pink scythe appears and
slices the blasters in half, destroying them.
When the dust settles, [HATE] stares at me with a crooked smile on its face.
"I need more time." I slam my hands into the earth causing the earth around the amalgamate
to rise and form a massive dome around it.
But still... I can feel it working its way through.
"Haa... haaa... this thing is relentless. I don't know how long I can keep this up." I said while
panting from exhaustion.
[Just keep attacking. I have a feeling it can't go on forever]
"That's easy for you to say. You're not the one doing the heavy lifting." I said exasperated.
The roof of the earth dome begins to crack and soon [HATE] jumps out of the construct and
summons a blue platform for support.
I narrow my eyes at the creature's more stable form. "It's evolving at a faster rate than I
thought. At this rate, it'll have complete mastery over its traits."
It raises its hands and they glow blue, creating dozens of saw constructs and sends them all
after me.
"HA!" I dodge all of the projectiles and activate [DUALITY] above the amalgamate before
clasping their hands together and slamming it back into the dome before firing a beam of red
and purple into the dome destroying it in a big explosion.
However, as the dust settles, I see the form of the [HATE] having used green magic to form a
protective dome around itself, shielding it from the blast.
"You just can't stay down, can't you? Fine." I cross my arms above my face. "I never actually
tried using this state, but there's no other choice." Black energy begins to surround me,
causing static electricity to rise. My eyes release a silver smoke as I extend my arms outwards
and nine [Chromas] of different colors appear followed by four massive hands and one large
blaster. "[Polychromatism]."
The [HATE] launches forward only for its limbs to be sawed off by the blue constructs and
falls to the ground.

"The black [Chroma] is the trait of [HATE], it enhances all other [Chromas]." I said.
The amalgamate quickly regenerates its limbs but it doesn't get the chance to move as it is
completely wrapped in blue strings from the cyan [Chroma].
"You will not escape." All of the blasters lineup above the amalgamate as they begin to
charge up. "Goodbye... abomination!" The blasters all fire simultaneously, engulfing
the [HATE] completely.
When the blasters stop, all that remains is a large burn mark on the ground.
"Is it... is it gone?" I asked.
[It would seem so]
I sigh. "Finally, I was starting to get worn out. I need to find the others and-"
*SHING!*
-20,034 Damage(-50%)
0/10,050 AP
10,528/18,600 HP
"Ugh!?" I look down to find a massive red greatsword impaled through my chest. When I
look up, I see a black hand only for it to explode with red energy.
When the energy dissipates, it shows the [HATE] fully reformed except now looking more
humanoid than ever with beady red eyes.
It opens its hand and the sword in my chest disappears, returning back to its wielder.
"*Cough*" I collapse as I hold on tightly to the gaping hole in my chest. "Just... what are
you!?" That's when I notice cracks appearing on the abomination's chest, slowly forming into
a familiar shape.
A human SOUL.
D̶͙̦͚̙̑͝E̸̢̛̼̮̯̙͚̲͔̾́̌ Ţ̵͔̞̘̣̹̯̼͌̉̑̑̕͠Ĕ̶̡͉͖̮̭̖̻͎ R̵̡̛̜̝̱͖͈̠̀̾́̽͒͗͘ M̴̞̩̳̝̳͕̌̌̀̾͝ I̶̧͖̫͔͊̄̓̓̉ͅ N̵̬̹̞͓̝̫̑̍̾̀͋͜͝A̶͎̳̼̙̓̏T̴͈̎̐͒̃̔̅ͅ I̷̧̧̠͕̥͉̺̳͆͊͂̀̒̌̽ͅ Ơ̵̮͔͓̩͓͎͗̎͗͛̄͜ N̸͙̻͆̂
The abomination leaps high before descending rapidly for a downward strike, only to be
stopped by the upper part of the blaster. However, this results in a shockwave so powerful
that it blows away everything behind; rocks, trees, you name it.
I summon the lower jaw of the blaster and fire at the creature, before taking to one knee as I
use all of my willpower just to keep going.
"Tobi... I can't keep this up for much longer..." I said in between breaths.

[The only thing I can think of is using your Semblance to create a weapon capable of
destroying it. But in your current state, you might not survive...]
"We don't have a choice. Either we kill it here... or everyone dies." I said as I straightened
myself. I raise my arm and open my hand. [Nemesis] quickly envelops me as I close my eyes
as I try to focus on the image.
A majestic sword.
A divine construct created by inhuman hands.
The pinnacle of all legends.
"Ugh!" I can feel my mind and soul burning in an attempt to bring the image to life. "I... have
to keep going!" I muster every ounce of [Determination] to ignore the pain and continue.
The sword that defined a kingdom.
The king who used it to forge an era of prosperity.
The [HATE] manages to free itself from the blaster and looks confused as darkness
surrounds his prey.
"Gah!" I cough up blood as I take to one knee.
[You have to stop this! At this rate, you'll die!]
"No!" I yell as the [Dark Matter] begins to take form. "I'm so close!"
A sword that represents the hopes and dreams of mankind.
The perfect king who did not understand the feelings of the people.
Light begins to shine underneath the cloak of darkness.
No.
Rather, the darkness is being converted into light.
The Ultimate Sword.
The Last Phantasm.
The [HATE] senses the absurd power and lets out a roar. It launches itself at the human only
for it to be blown back by the strong wind currents.
In my hands is a western-style sword with a glowing golden blade. The hilt is blue with a
golden guard with letters inscribed into the blade that aren't part of any known human
language.
"I... I did it..." I muttered. "How long...?

[You have about another 5 seconds to use it. Anymore and your SOUL will certainly
shatter]
"Then there's no time like the present is there? Let's finish this." I raise the sword high above
my head. The moment I did, golden particles began to rise from everywhere.
From the earth, the trees, the rivers, the cities, the people.
All of them converge directly to me.
"Ex..." The [HATE] lunges forward and throws its greatsword at me. "CALIBUR!" I bring
the sword down, unleashing a massive beam of light at the creature.
The [HATE] has no time to dodge it, nor register that it was even attacked. The moment it
was engulfed in the light there was no escape. Its body quickly broke down and whatever was
holding it together soon disappeared along with it.
The light is seen by all living creatures as it continues traveling through the mountains and
into the sky where it harmlessly dissipates.
You have defeated the HATE! You have gained 48,768 EXP! You have earned 30,812
Credits!
Level Up(x5)!
Skill Level Up!
[Chroma LVL. 27/100]
Quest Complete!
Quest: The Hate in all of us
Objective(Complete): Destroy the HATE
Rewards: 51,098 EXP, 33,102 Credits, Skills, Perks, Common Gacha Token, Legendary
Gacha Tokens
Level Up(x4)!
Skills acquired:
[Rhabdophobia LVL. 1/10]
Allows you to generate a large negative-color dome that will allow you to commandeer
any magical construct (be they weapons or summons) and uses the target's MP instead
of your own. This also prevents the affected target from dispelling the stolen constructs
but does not affect their ability to create replacement weapons.
Cost 3509 MP

[Dark Ray LVL. 1/10]
A variant of the "God Ray". It allows you to fire a blast from your fingers, however
instead of instantly killing the person, it leaves them in a near-death state freezing their
stats so that they can remain in a constant state of intense agony.
If shot once, the target will suffer a fatal injury that will not heal no matter what. The
victim will be left in agony until the second shot is landed.
The final shot will kill the target, however, their bodies will be turned into Dark Matter
and absorbed into the user.
Cost 4358 MP
[Black Hole LVL. 1/10]
Creates a miniature black hole that will attract and swallow everything within 40
meters into itself.
Cost 923 MP
[Perfect Unknowable LVL. 1/10]
Makes the user invisible to the naked eye. It can also erase one's traces and sounds,
including the pitch of the user's voice from being heard, making the magic caster very
difficult to detect without advanced detection skills.
Cost 222 MP
Perks acquired:
[Magic Core]
Increases MAG by 12. Deceases MP consumption 50%.
[Negative Protection]
You are immune to all sources of negative energy
[Protection from Arrows]
An automatic trait. It gives you a 50% chance of evading and deflecting ranged attacks
from enemies, whether the enemy is visible or not.
[Dark Wisdom]
Allows you to easily learn skills/spells from others at an accelerated rate.
Increases WIS by 12.
[Common Gacha Token(x3)]

[Legendary Gacha Token(x5)]
"Haa... haa..." Excalibur begins to break down in my hands. "And this time... don't come
back..." I lose all strength in my legs and fall to the floor. Excalibur touches down and
shatters into pieces before evaporating into [Dark Matter].
"I'm... gonna take a nap..." I close my eyes before a silhouette approaches me.
Sometime later
My eyes slowly open and I am greeted by an unfamiliar white ceiling. "What...?"
"Nice to see you still with us, kid."
I turn to the voice and find myself in the presence of an iconic skeleton. "It's you."
"Heya." Sans says in his usual grin. "The name's sans. Sans the skeleton."
"Sans. Like Comic Sans?"
"In the flesh." Sans said, chuckling at his own pun. "You sure went through hell, kid. When G
found you, we thought you were dead for sure."
"Honestly, it felt like I was gonna die." I remarked.
Sans chuckles. "Well... everyone in the city is thankful for what you did. They want to throw
you a big party."
"I'm sensing a 'but' here." I comment.
"But," Sans' attitude begins to shift. "I'm curious as to how you beat that thing."
"I'm just that special."
"Yes... 'special'." Sans quotes. "Let's be honest, kid. That Betty thing was a Monster. No one
in the city could ever hope to match it. Yet somehow, a traveler manages to not only drive it
away, but kill it too."
'I have a feeling I know where this is going.' I thought. "Why are you here, Sans?"
Sans raises his hands as a gesture of goodwill. "Hey, hey, no need for violence, don't be so
nervous. Relax, kiddo. That said," His eyes open revealing both of them to be bright blue, "if
i'm here, then that means I am here for one thing... just Judgment."
The moment I saw his eyes, a shiver began crawling down my back.
"I saw your [SOUL] back then, and I have to say it made my creeped me the hell out. So tell
me, kid." The animosity in Sans begins to flare as it swallows the entire room in a black
void. "How many monsters did you kill?"

I stare at Sans with visible fear in my face until [Gamer's Mind] calms my nerves. "That's a
matter of perspective, Sans. It'll take me a while to explain."
"Well, it's a good thing that I'm on my break. So start explaining." Sans said, his last
words were a command.
"It's true that I killed monsters," I admitted, causing Sans to glare at me. "But there
weren't [Monsters]."
Sans looks confused. "What do you mean?"
"The monsters I fought were ferocious and merciless creatures. They kill anything that makes
eye contact with them." I stated. "And before you say it, no, there can't be reasoned with.
They are basically just feral animals."
Beads of sweat begin to roll off Sans' skull.
"I've fought a lot of them. From zombies, to lizardmen. To harpies and demons. Yeah, you
heard me, literal demons from [Hell]. And I killed them." I smiled a little. "It wasn't easy, I'll
tell you that much. There were many times where I fought and I was gonna die, but in the
end, I won."
Sans really didn't have anything to say. If what the kid said was true, then he really didn't
have a choice. He had killed monsters and while it was something that he couldn't agree with,
he could understand why he did so: survive. It was no wonder his [Level Of ViolencE] was
so high to the point that he couldn't properly see it.
'It really is Kill or be Killed, huh?' "Geez, kid. You must have gone through a lot." Sans
comments before his face fell. "I'm... sorry I forced you to relive those bad times."
I shrug. "Ah, don't worry about it. And those times weren't really bad, I got cool stuff out of
it." I then went on to explain all of the items and cash I got from my dungeon crawling.
"So you're filthy rich and a walking arsenal? Damn, kid." Sans said.
I smirk. "I know, right? And I still haven't used half of my stuff."
Sans laughs. "Oh kid, you are a riot." He calms down. "By the way, I've been meaning to ask
you something. How are you able to use G's magic? As far as I know, only [Monsters] can
use that type of magic."
"Oh that. Well, where I am from you aren't born with magic, you are taught magic." I lied.
Sans arches a metaphorical eyebrow at me. "Is that so?"
"Yup." 'Just gotta bullshit through this and hope he buys it.'
"You're not from around here, are you?" Sans asked.

"You got it." I confirmed. "You're likely already aware of this, but as you've probably
surmised, I'm not from this universe, so my rules are VERY different from your own."
"You said you were taught magic. Who exactly taught you the most complex magical
archetype in [Monster] history?" Sans asked.
"An old man named Ozma. He is the headmaster of one of my home's most prestigious
schools." I replied. "He also has this mysterious air about him, like he is hiding something or
carrying an unusually heavy burden on himself. He may seem friendly on the outside, but
that is probably because everyone would be creeped out by his otherworldly nature."
"You talk like this Ozma guy isn't human." Sans points out.
"In a way, he isn't. I don't think he has been human for a long time." I elaborate.
"Hm." Sans hums at the answer. "Welp, looks like my break's over." He stands up and makes
his way towards the door. "Get some rest, kid. Tomorrow's gonna be one helluva day." He
opens the door and walks out.
I let out a sigh of relief, 'I can't believe he bought it.'
[To be fair you didn't lie much. You only lied about where you got the magic]
"I guess so." That's when something crossed my mind. "Hey Tobi? Is there any chance that
Azule is still alive inside me?"
[No. His soul was erased when you defeated him. Why bring this up?]
"It's just that when Betty put me under an illusion, I saw the bloodied remains of my mom;
both Summer and my birth mother. They were crawling on the floor, reaching out to me and
asking why I didn't help them." I said. "At that moment... I don't know what happened, but I
sorta just... lost control of my mouth. I was saying things that didn't make any sense to me. I
knew I was under Betty's illusion, but I still went and confronted it." I elaborate. "I... I think I
cried."
[Hm... it's probably memory fragments but I'm not too sure. I'll do a thorough scan on
you later. Right now, I'm tired from keeping you alive. Please don't pull a stunt like that
again]
"Hehe, sorry." I close my eyes and let sleep finally take me.
The next day, the entire city went into party mode. With everyone celebrating, drinking,
talking, eating along with um... explicit things in the background.
The [Monsters] were especially excited to see the second savior of their raise. Everyone was
either asking for either a dance, or an autograph; Monster Kid specifically.
As I walk through the crowd, I eventually run into Chara. The atmosphere between us was
awkward at first but it wasn't until Asriel appeared that the tension was cut. Chara was
thankful for ending Betty and was curious about my [SOUL] trait. When I told it

was [Determination], Chara didn't seem to believe me but to my surprise Gaster appeared
and confirmed that I did have a red soul much like her.
Chara was taken aback by the revelation, knowing that only one person in the world can have
a red soul every couple of centuries.
"I just have a question for you." Chara narrows their eyes. "How do I know you didn't save us
just so that you can later kill us?"
I didn't reply and simply pointed to the other end of the room. Chara turns to look and sees
Undyne leaning against the walk, looking absently at the night sky with a drink in her hand.
"We did it Al... and it's all thanks to you." Undyne says before letting out a sigh. "I wish... I
wish you were here to celebrate."
"Un-Undyne?"
Undyne's eyes widen and her neck snaps at the source and sees a short orange lizard-like
monster wearing a pair of glasses and a black dress.
"ALPHYS!" Without a beat, Undyne tackles Alphys into a crushing bear hug and begins to
cry. "You're here! You're alive!"
"U-Undyne. Y-You're crushing me!" Alphys said.
"If this is a dream, I don't EVER wanna wake up!" Undyne exclaims.
"I-It's not a dream, Undyne. I-I am here." Alphys assures her until her face turns blue. "UUndyne, c-can't b-breathe..."
"Oh! Hehehe." Undyne lets go of Alphys and gives her a sheepish look. "Sorry, Al."
As the two interact, Chara is dumbstruck by what they're seeing. Alphys is alive, she is alive!
"H-How!?" Chara asks and slowly turns to me.
"Spoilers~" I said with a wink.
The party went on without interruption, everyone was having a good time.
Finally, monsterkind has the happy ending they've always dreamed of.
A few days later
I look at the city from the cliff as the sun sets in the horizon.
"So you're leaving then?" Sans said from behind me.
I smiled. "Yup. I had a good time here. Meeting you all and helping out with repairs was sure
fun."

"I still can't believe you donated 5 billion G to the city. I knew you were rich but
not that rich." Sans remarks.
"The look on Gaster's face was priceless." I snickered at the memory.
"By the way, did you manage to get that thing you wanted?" The lazy judge asked.
"Sure did~" Multiple pictures appear of the group with a variety of signatures on each of
them. "Everyone was pretty happy to give me their autographs, especially your brother." I
chuckled. "He just couldn't stop crying about it."
"Hahaha, that's my bro for ya. Oh and, here's mine." Sans takes out a a picture and levitates it
my way.
I grab it and look at it; it was Sans sleeping on the couch.
I look back and saw it empty. "You didn't sign it."
"I did sign it." Sans confirmed.
"With what? Invisible ink?" I asked.
"Yup." Sans replied nonchalantly.
I let out a sigh. 'Guess I was expecting too much out of him, huh?'
"Welp, I'm going to Grillby's. See ya around." He teleports away.
I stretch my arms and sigh. "Welp, time to hit the road." I open a portal and go into it. "Off to
another adventure."
Unknown dimension
An entity watches from the battle from the blackness of its world. Its figure is obscured by
the light of the screen but it has no lower torso.
"Fascinating. To think a human like him could exist." The entity said. "Perhaps he could
assist me in my experiment. He could be the missing link I've been looking for."

Chapter 8: Passing the Torch
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
The tear opens and I find myself landing face-first on a toilet.
I pull myself out of the toilet and spit out the water. "Gah. What the hell!?"
[It seems we were transported into a bathroom]
"Gee, thanks captain-obvious." I groan as I get out of the stall.
[How about next time you have a destination in mind before you go hopping different
universes, hm?]
I grab paper towels and use them to dry myself. After a couple of minutes, I walk out of the
bathroom only to see a bunch of people walking around wearing costumes of different
characters. Some from anime, comics, movies, and so on.
"Am I at a convention?" I look up to see a massive poster hanging on the ceiling. "ComicCon, I'm actually at Comic-Con!?" The people turn to me and look at me funny.
[Let's not draw attention to ourselves. Since we don't have a pass, we'll likely get kicked
out as soon as the staff see us]
"R-Right..." I said and quickly ran off from the eyes of the cosplayers.
*BUMP!*
"Oof!" I collide with something and fall ass-first on the floor.
"Are you alright?" A person extends his hand to me.
I take the hand and the man pushes me upwards. "Thanks."
"You really need to be more careful next time. You can really hurt yourself here if you're not
paying close attention."
"Yeah." I said as I got a good look at the man. "Hey, do I know you? You look sorta familiar."

"Can't say I have." The man shrugs.
"Oh. So what are you doing here? Do you have some evil plan to take over the convention or
something?"
The man chuckles. "God no. I just wanna enjoy my day here like everyone else?"
"Gotcha." I glance at a couple of people wearing multi-colored costumes.
The man follows my line of sigh and looks at me. "Are you a fan of Power Rangers?"
"Yeah! I've watched the shows since I was young. I would play with my friends all day
pretending to be the Power Rangers." I said.
"Which ranger did you play?" He asked.
"The Green Ranger. I always thought he was the coolest among the rangers." I began. "He
always stood out among the main five. He would only show up every now and then in order
to conserve his powers. He had the strongest conviction and was the most level-headed of the
team." I state. "Did you like the Green Ranger?"
"Oh I did. And the White Ranger, too." He replied.
I smiled. "I liked the White Ranger. He really showed what kind of character the Green
Ranger could be if he had kept his powers." I chuckled. "You know, I always wanted to be a
Power Ranger. That's why I always strived to help someone in need, thinking that if I did, I
would be just like them." I then let out a defeated sigh. "It's not as easy as I thought it'd be.
Maybe... I'm not cut out to be a ranger."
"Well, I think you're already well on your way to be a Power Ranger." He said.
"Thank you." I smiled.
"Here. I have a feeling this will help you in the future." He gives me a belt of some kind.
[Master Morpher] - Rank: EX
Allows the user to morph into the Mighty Morphin' Green Ranger, Mighty Morphin'
White Ranger, Red Zeo Ranger, Red Turbo Ranger, and the Black DinoThunder
Ranger.
"T-This is-!" I said in shock.
"Go... be the ranger you've always wanted to be." He said and began to walk off.
"Wait!" I yelled. "Can you... tell me who you are?"
The man turns to me and smiles. "I'm just a guy who enjoys being around his fans." He then
walks forward, disappearing into the crowd.

My eyes widened at the statement.
"Over there!"
I snap out of my trance to see a couple of guards running towards me. "Oh shit!" I twist my
body and run the other way with the guards closely after me. I eventually reached the
bathroom where I originally came from and dashed inside. Once in, I go into one of the stalls
and open a portal before the bathroom door slams open as I jump in, not caring in the
slightest where I ended up.
"Once a Ranger, Always a Ranger."
In Memory of
Jason David Frank
1973 - 2022

Chapter 9: Fairy Tail: Deal with the Devil?
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
The scene opens to the ruins of a massive structure that seemed to be the amalgamation of
organic and inorganic matter as indicated by the pair of massive but broken teeth in the
background.
The landscape quickly switches to the ruins of a throne room as a black vortex appears and a
figure jumps out in a… less than grateful position.
"Note to self: don't jump into portals when you're in a rush." I groan and slowly get up.
[And it seems we have ended up in another random universe. Again]
"To be fair, I was running from security guards. I didn't exactly have time to think." I look
around the ruined chamber. "What is this place?"
[The walls and general structure indicates that this place was organic in nature. It also
seems to be magical in nature]
"Magical? Did we end up in a magic universe? I wonder which one?" I ponder the question. I
know many shows and games that revolve around magic like the Fate series and Overlord.
However, nothing in this place indicates that I am in either of those worlds. "I guess I'll just
have to take a look around."
[Try using Mana Sense. It should be able to direct you to the source]
"Right." I close my eyes and activate [Mana Sense], sending a blue pulse throughout the
entire area.
*PING!*
"Found them. There are five magical signatures just below us." I said.
Skill Level Up!
[Mana Sense LVL. 2/10]

I walk out of the throne room and journey forward, passing through the destroyed and
decaying halls which are riddled with the corpses of monsters and so on. "These monsters…
they look familiar."
After sometime I come upon a large gash spewing some kind of substance almost like a
gaping wound. "The signal leads down here." Without a second thought, I jump down the
gash and land on a river. "*Gasp!* This shit stinks!" I yell as the current drags me into an
opening. I struggle to free myself but the current is too much as I am forced into taking hard
turns and stretching myself in order to fit through narrow paths. Eventually, I fall out of the
pipes and land on the cold hard floor revealing that the pipe has been ruptured.
I take a quick sniff of my clothes and quickly pull my head back in disgust. "Gross. I smell
like shit."
[It seems we have arrived at the center of the structure. The mana output here is much
higher than on the surface although it seems to be… corrupted]
I look around to see organic wiring traveling throughout the area, carrying all of the energy to
one place. I follow the trail of magic before finding a small opening in the wall and take a
look. On the other side are large vats full of glowing liquid, but I also spot many more behind
them although those seem to be non functional.
"Is this… some kind of laboratory?" But my musing is cut short by a series of voices coming
from the other side.
"Raaagh! Damn those Fairy Tail wizards!" An angry voice roared. "Especially that Dragon
Slayer! I'm gonna flail him!"
"Fairy Tail?" I blink before getting a better look at the two. The first is a young muscular man
with animal features, particularly those of a cat or a cheetah. He has dark blonde hair,
reaching down to his shoulders and covering the left side of his face, perpetually hiding his
left eye from sight, juts upwards on top of his head in a pair of prominent protrusions shaped
like ears, his nose is small and black like a canine's; he has a furry tail protruding from his
lower back, colored the same as his hair, and pointed, triangular fang-like teeth. His one
visible eye, complete with a dark slit pupil, bears a thick dark outline, and black spots are
present both below it and above its linear eyebrow.
His outfit consists of loose light gloves, almost reaching up to his shoulders, each secured on
top by two light buttoned bands, and bearing an ornamental motif consisting of large, dark
rhombuses linked together on the outer sides; these gloves appear to reveal his dark fingers.
He has a yellow garb tied around his waist with hanging edges on the front and split in two
tails on the back, both light hems and light ornamental bands located on his thighs, with
jagged lower edges. His furry calves and feet are left exposed, save for a dark band circling
each of his ankles. He wears a long dark scarf with light edges, circling his neck twice, which
has its ends left hanging over Jackal's back, reaching down to his knees.
"Cease your anger, Jackal. You should feel fortunate that you're even back from the dead." A
calm voice said. He is a massive, extremely muscular-like shark creature, but also vastly
resembles a Lizardman in both build and posture. He has dark pinkish skin with a plate

covering his flattened, angular head, sporting a single fin-like protrusion on its front, is dark
red, as are the rhombus-shaped markings adorning the back of his neck; similar markings are
also found on the plate's back end, but white in color. Small scales are present around his
eyes and at the ends of his head, he lacks a visible nose, and has a golden, elongated armored
plate covering his chin. However, what most jarring are his massive, long arms, each sporting
an arched-backwards, fin-like bladed protrusion on the outer side; paired with his somewhat
small legs gives him a stocky look.
His outfit is entirely colored brown, in varying shades. He wears a dark brown, open shortsleeved shirt, adorned by a number of light brown triangles and trimmed by thick beige fur,
over his muscular chest, which is crossed by two dark brown bands, each secured on the front
by two small, light gray metallic dons loose, whitish brown pants, possessing prominent dark
hems, with an orange-brown band circling his waist, alongside simple brown shoes, with
darker toe boxes extending in a stripe towards the ankle.
I remember them. Jackal and Torafuzar. They're members of [Tartaros]; a [Dark Guild].
A guild of demons.
"Hmph. It is because you let your pride get in the way that costs us everything. If I were your
master, I'd have you executed right this moment." An old man said. He is a tall, elderly man
distinguished by his massive, extremely muscular physique, untarnished despite his advanced
age. He has long white hair that is extremely jutting out as well as an equally long beard. His
sunken eyes are almost completely white, lacking pupils. He leaves his chest bare,
showcasing a large scar at the center, exactly where his heart should be. He also dons a
decorative tattoo-like design that is heavily concentrated on the left side of his torso and
slightly spread throughout the rest of his body.
His outfit consists of a very loose pair of light pants, which on the front of each leg bears a
vertical line composed of many dark rhombs joined together and lined up. He doesn't wear
shoes and his arms are entirely covered in black bandages. Around his neck is a necklace
composed of many large, dark spheres, reminiscent of an oversized series of Buddhist prayer
beads.
His name is Jiemma Orland, the former guild master of [Sabertooth]. And from what I
remember; an asshole.
"Oh shut up, you old geezer! You're nothing but talk! After all, didn't your former guild not
only beat you once but twice?" Jackal yelled out before he smirks. "Aren't you just pathetic?"
Jiemma's body is suddenly enveloped in magical energy, his sunken eyes staring down at the
Etherious. "You dare? You DARE!?"
Jackal just gives him a feral look, like a predator ready to pounce on his prey. "Bring it on,
old man!"
"Enough!" Torafuzar jumps in between them, using both of his arms to split them apart.
"Now is not the time for infighting! You are both proud members of Tartaros! Start acting
like it!"

"Tch!" Jackal clicks his tongue. "Whatever."
"Hmph." Jiemma's power subsidies.
'For some reason, I am getting Erza vibes from that guy.' I thought.
"We need to put aside whatever animosity we have against each other, and focus on how we
can save the guild our master created." Torafuzar looks back at the tank. "Hell's Core… it
managed to survive Plutogram's death. It is the only reason why we are alive now." He places
his hand on the glass. "But in its current state, it cannot revive the rest of our brethren. Our
only hope now is to find a way to restore Hell's Core and for that, we need power."
"That's easier said than done." Jackal said, putting his arms over his head. "The only one with
that much power was Master Geer and he's dead. The only one I can think of with that much
magical energy is Acnologia himself."
"Or the one who beat our Master." Torafuzar revealed.
Jackal's eyes widened. "No way. Are you seriously saying you want to rely on those fairies!?
Don't be an idiot, Torafuzar!"
The shark Etherious closes his eyes. "It is the only way."
"Bullshit!" Jackal roars.
"I refuse to ask for aid from weaklings!" Jiemma exclaims.
"If you have any better ideas. I'll gladly hear them." Torafuzar says with a glare.
Three demons stare at each other as the light of Hell's Core illuminates the room. A moment
passes and Jackal sighs.
"Fine. But how about we take care of that intruder for now, yeah? Their constant staring is
getting on my nerves." Jackal says as the demons turn their heads to the wall… right where I
am!
"Shit!" I cursed.
Jackal waves his hand and the wall immediately detonates in an explosion, forcing me back
and crash on the floor.
I try to get up, but it doesn't take long for Jackal to jump from the smoke and pin me down
with his foot.
"Well, look what we have here. A pesky little human!" Jackal's grin is all teeth.
"I am surprised that a human would come here." Torafuzar comments as he stares at me.
"Why are you here?"
I slowly move my head to the shark demon. "I… I was just passing by."

Jackal narrows his eyes and applies more pressure on my chest. "Do you honestly think we'd
believe something like that? You must think we're that stupid."
"Aaaahhh…" I groan in pain.
"Fafafafa~ now hold on. There's no need to kill him just yet."
Everyone turns to the figure walking out of the lab. She is a young girl with a small frame,
who wears her dark hair in a bob cut and has two rabbit-like ears protruding from her head.
She dons a light fluffy coat with large pom poms over a dark skirt and shirt, and completes
her look with a pair of tights that run into knee-high boots. Around her neck, she wears a tie
that says 1/16.
"You better explain yourself quickly, Lamy." Jackal snarls.
"Well, I was thinking~ Why not use him to spy on Fairy Tail? He could gain their trust and
when they least expect it, we will destroy them~" Lamy said, swaying her body back and
forth with excitement. "While we're at it, why not also turn him into a demon? Hell's Core
still has enough for the conversion process."
Jackal's smile widens. "Sounds like fun." He then turns back to his prey. "What do you say,
human? Wanna become like us?"
Jackal sees the human open his mouth, but he can't hear what he's saying.
"Huh? What was that? You got to speak louder." Jackal taunted him.
"G… o…"
"Speak louder!" Jackal yelled, however, he blinked in surprise by the smirk on the human's
face.
"Get your filthy legs off me." I order as I release a dark pulse that sends Jackal back.
Jackal quickly gets on his feet as I rise from the ground. "W-What the hell!?"
I activate [Observe] and look up their stats.
Name: Jackal
Title: Bomb Demon, Sociopath, The Torturer, Nine Demon Gates
Level: 56
Affiliation: Tartaros
HP: 1,300
MP: 0
CP: 800

SP: 300
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Surprise
Name: Torafuzar
Title: The Dark, Jaws, Nine Demon Gates
Level: 58
Affiliation: Tartaros
HP: 2,500
MP: 0
CP: 1,000
SP: 700
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Surprised
Name: Jiemma Orland
Title: The Tengu, The Strongest Mage in Sabertooth, Child Beater
Level: 60
Affiliation: Sabertooth (Formally)
HP: 3,489
MP: 2,876
CP: 500
SP: 1,534
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Weak
[CP is short for Curse Power since they don't use mana. It seems converted demons can
still use magic but likely to a smaller degree]
'Hm, their stats don't match their levels. Is it because the damage done to the lab?' I ask as I
read the data. 'It seems even after becoming a demon, Jiemma hold no loyalty to [Tartaros].'

Jackal grits his teeth. "Hey, human. What did you just do!?" He gets no response. "ANSWER
ME, DAMMIT!"
"Why should I answer to the barking of a mongrel? You should know when to stop and listen
to your betters." I said.
Jackal lets out a roar and charges at me, only to be blasted away by my [Gaster
Blaster] crashing into the lab.
"Pathetic." I told him.
Torafuzar looks at the human but before he can even move, a yellow sphere forms around the
human trapping him inside.
"What's this?" I mutter as I try to punch the bubble but it wasn't effective. "That's new."
"Do you see now, human!? This is the superior power of a demon!" Jackal screams as he
walks out of the lab. "This is [Curse Power]!" He snaps his fingers and the sphere detonates
immediately.
"Who's the weak one now!?" Jackal exclaims and begins to cackle.
"I suppose even a mongrel is more than just talk. I'll commend you for that."
Jackal stops laughing as he looks at the smoke and his eyes widen as he sees the human not
only alive, but unharmed.
"Though I don't appreciate you ruining my jacket." I rip the jacket of my torso with ease.
"H-How are you still alive!? No survives my [Curse]! NO ONE!" Jackal screams.
I arch an eyebrow. "Didn't Fairy Tail beat you twice already? I guess your precious [Curse] is
nothing but all talk if a couple of humans can beat you."
Jackal grits his teeth to the point they may shatter from the pressure.
Torafuzar sees this and tries to calm him down. "Jackal, stop. You need to-" But is quickly
thrown back by the cheetah Etherious.
"I'll kill you… I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU!" Jackal's body begins to grow and change,
becoming more like a beast than a man. He has fur over most of his body and gains a canine
snout and face, complete with pointed fangs and a long tongue, mostly shown dangling down
from the sides of his mouth. He grows massive dark claws on both his black hands, with his
forearms having had their spots enlarged to accommodate their new size, and his now animallike legs; his tail becomes longer and bushier. The disappearance of his hair exposes his left
eye, crossed diagonally by a small scar; in this form, both of the Etherious' eyes are shown as
blank and pupil-less, with more spots surrounding them.
"That's it? That's your true form? I was expecting something more hellish-looking. You're just
a Rath rip-off." I remarked with a boring tone.

"I'M GOING TO RIP YOU TO SHREDS AND EAT YOUR INTESTINES!" Jackal
bellows and charges at me with his sharp claws. He swipes the claws but I leap back to avoid
the attack, which tears the floor that I was standing on.
I pull out my [Super Shotgun] and use its hook to grab Jackal's neck. The Etherious doesn't
have time to counter as I'm pulled in and fire the shotgun point-blank, causing the Etherious'
body to collapse on the ground.
You have defeated Jackal! You have gained 32,444 EXP! You have earned 22,456
Credits!
Level Up(x3)!
Jackal's body disappears into nothingness. "He seriously died from a single shot? Even for
most demons, that is pretty sad." I turn my eyes to Jiemma. "Are you going to try and kill me
as well?"
The converted demon scoffs. "Why should I? He was weak like you said. If a [Demon of
Zeref] cannot even defeat a human, then they are no better than trash."
I laugh a little. "I guess that's true. Though if all [Nine Demon Gates] were here, I probably
won't survive." I sigh. "All of the Etherious were created for the purpose of killing Zeref, but
the only one who could pull that off was [E.N.D.], their so-called 'Master'."
"Hm, yes. That fool Mard Geer kept talking about him. It begs the question why such a
powerful demon never appeared. He likely doesn't even exist." Jiemma said.
"Oh? But he does exist and you've met him, several times in fact. In both the Grand Magic
Games and here in Tartaros." I cooly state.
Jiemma's eyebrows rise up in shock. He already met [E.N.D.]? But when!? The only people
he's encountered here and in the Games were"... Fairy Tail. You mean one of the members of that accursed guild is [E.N.D.]!?" Jiemma
exclaims.
I nod. "Yep. He likely doesn't even know himself. But you know what's funny? Mard Geer
wanted to wipe out all magic and [E.N.D.] uses magic, so he was going to kill his precious
Master in the end."
"I always knew he was a fool." Jiemma said.
"A powerful fool." I corrected him. Mard Geer may have been obsessed with reviving Zeref's
first demon, but his power can't be denied. The fact that he can fight evenly against the
Celestial Spirit King and take hits from Igneel is no easy feat. And I sincerely doubt Jiemma
can beat those two let alone Mard.
The two of us stare at each other, which makes the air around us grow stagnant.
"I will say this once. Join me." Jiemma demands.

"No." I said.
"Then die." Jiemma's body blurs for a moment before appearing right in front of me. He
then delivers a massive punch that sends me flying across the facility until I crash outside.
"Ngh… huh?" I open my eyes and see Jiemma jumping out of the ruins. He raises his hand
and it glows and it only takes a microsecond for my body to be sent flying back by an
explosion.
-10,799 Damage (-50%)
34,171/39,570 SP
21,960/21,960 HP
Jiemma lands and I fire the grappling hook of the [Super Shotgun], however to my surprise,
the former human grabs the hook.
"!?" Jiemma then pulls the chain and I am quickly drawn towards him only to be punched in
the face. He then opens his hand and my eyes widen as he unleashes an explosion at pointblank.
-23,261 Damage (-50%)
22,540/39,570 AP
21,960/21,960 HP
"Weak, weak! You are nothing but a weakling, boy!" Jiemma stares down at the corpse. "Did
you think your toys would be enough against me? This just shows me just how weak you
really are." He then begins to kick the body.
-4,555 Damage (-50%)
20,263/39570 AP
21,960/21,960 HP
"I will have my revenge. I will go to Sabertooth and massacre everyone! I will kill Rogue and
Sting but not before I force them to watch as I drain the lives of their animal pets. I will find
Minerva and show her why she is just weakling. Her only purpose in life was to breed
children with my powerful blood!" The kicks intensify.
-4,555 Damage (-50%)
17,986 /39570 AP
21,960/21,960 HP
-4,555 Damage (-50%)

15,709 /39570 AP
21,960/21,960 HP
-4,555 Damage (-50%)
13,432 /39570 AP
21,960/21,960 HP
"Then I will head to Magnolia and kill every SINGLE fairy I find until I kill [E.N.D.] with
my own two hands!" Jiemma prepares to deliver another kick only for a hand to grab it.
I look up at the demon with cold lifeless eyes. "You really are the lowest of the low. You don't
even deserve to be called a Wizard."
"Huh!?" Jiemma looks down before he is blown away by an explosion of dark energy. When
he looks up, he sees a demon with jet black wings, white horns, and tattoos across his body.
I glare at the demon. "Jiemma Orland. You have shown me that you are nothing but a
fool who sees everyone as a pawn to gain power. You are not deserving of your daughter,
your guild, your magic, or even your own life." The [Super Shotgun] vanishes and it is
replaced with the [Devil Sword Sparda]. "Your sentence… is death."
Jiemma tries to step forward, but finds that he is unable to move. Why!? He's just a weakling!
A failure of a wizard! He's not even worth the effort. And yet what is this odd feeling rising
inside him?
Could this be... fear? Is he... afraid of him!?
Unacceptable... UNACCEPTABLE!
"DIE!" With a wave of his hand, he causes the entire area to erupt in an explosion; however,
this does nothing as the demon simply flies in at high speeds. He blocks the incoming strikes
from the sword, and is surprised by the fact he is bleeding.
"Give up. This sword can cut through demons like paper. You have no hope of
surviving." I state.
Jiemma grits his teeth. "DO NOT LOOK DOWN ON ME!" He tries to hit me with its
massive strength, but is blocked by [Sparda].
"Pathetic." I said as [Sparda] begins to shift and gets longer, its blade detaching from the
rest of the body though it is kept in place thanks to the sword's organic muscles.
"[Devil Sword Sparda: Scythe Mode]." I declared and pulled back the scythe, letting the
blade cleave the demon's forearms in two.
"AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!" Jiemma screams in absolute agony as the stumps bleed profusely
and falls to his knees. "NO, NO! THIS CANNOT BE!"

"Believe it. You never had a chance against me." I said. "You're just… a weakling."
"NO, NO! I am the strongest! I AM THE STRONGEST!" Jiemma screamed, fear fully taken
hold as foam builds up in his mouth. "I WILL KILL YOU! I WILL-!"
"Shut. Up." I decapitate him with my scythe, ending the guild master who became mad with
strength and power.
You have defeated Jiemma Orland! You have gained 36,143 EXP! You have earned
28,544 Credits!
Level Up(x3)!
I look down at Jiemma's head and crush it under my foot.
[Was that really necessary? The man was already dead]
I wipe the remains of brain matter on a nearby rock. "Men like him don't deserve such
dignity. They should just disappear from the face of the earth." I raise my hand at the
body and it quickly ignites before it extinguishes, leaving only ashes.
Skill Level Up!
[Elemental Manipulation LVL. 2/10]
I sense a presence slowly approaching and turn to see Torafuzar and Lamy approaching me.
"What do you want?" But instead of attacking, the two Etherious simply bowed to
me. "What's this?"
"My lord! I beg you to please spare our lives! " Torafuzar pleads.
I arch an eyebrow. I wasn't expecting a [Demon of Zeref] to beg for mercy, especially one
that was part of the [Nine Demon Gates].
[They could be useful to us. After all, we don't know jack about what is happening right
now]
"... and what would I gain from sparing your miserable lives?" I said, keeping my act of
the terrifying demon.
"I…" Torafuzar gulps as he is overwhelmed by the intense pressure.
"Your guild is destroyed. Your guildmates are dead. Your resurrection chamber is on its
last legs. So I'll ask again; what would I gain from sparing your miserable lives?" I
asked.
"..." Torafuzar couldn't think of anything to offer.

"We offer ourselves to you!" Lamy yelled. "I know how to create new demons and bring the
dead back to life. Master Mard Geer sought to imprint that knowledge into my being! And
Torafuzar-sama is impervious to most attacks! I'm sure we can be useful to you in some
way!"
"Lamy…!" Torafuzar said.
"Please… I don't wanna die again…" Lamy begins sobbing, which catches my attention.
"Stop that, Lamy! You are a member of Tartaros! We do not fear death-"
"Stop." I chime in causing the shark demon to look at me. "Get up. Both of you."
Nam: Lamy
Title: The Rabbit of Hell, The Slippery Demon
Level: 10
Affiliation: Tartaros
HP: 600
MP: 0
CP: 200
SP: 300
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Scared
I stare down at the rabbit demon. "What is your name, little one?"
"I-I am Lamy, sir." Lamy stutters out.
"You said that you had knowledge on demons?" I asked.
Lamy nods frantically. "Mhm! Mhm! I know how to convert humans to demons and create
new demons from scratch! I can also restore them to their prime state and even improve
them!"
"Good. I could use that." I smiled.
Lamy's face turns crimson from the praise.
I turn my gaze to Torafuzar. "And you said you were impervious to most attacks?"
"Y-Yes, sir." Torafuzar replied only to suddenly be blasted in an instant. When the smoke
clears, it shows Torafuzar mostly burned but very much alive.

Name: Torafuzar
Title: The Dark, Jaws, Nine Demon Gates
Level: 58
Affiliation: Tartaros
HP: 1,278
MP: 0
CP: 1,000
SP: 700
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Distressed
"You survived, excellent. You will do nicely."
"T-Thank you, maou-sama!" Torafuzar exclaims.
+44 Reputation with Torafuzar (44/100)
+67 Reputation with Lamy (67/100)
"One more thing, my name isn't 'Maou'." I disengage my transformation. "My name is
Asmodeus."
"Asmodeus-sama!" Lamy exclaims with cheer.
Torafuzar nods. "A mighty name for a mighty Demon Lord."
You have gained the title [Demon Lord].
[Demon Lord]
All demons/devils who weaker will be more subservient to you.
'[Demon Lord], huh? I could work with that.' I thought. "Now then, I need to know exactly
what has been happening around here."
"Fafafafa~ I will gladly tell you, Asmodeus-sama!" Lamy exclaims as she tells her story.
Apparently, Lamy was one of the last mass-produced Etherious that had survived and hid
until the battle ended. Afterwards, Lamy recovered Jackal, Torafuzar, and Jiemma and then
used the remains of other demons to bring them back to life. However, because of the damage
done by Mirajane, the process took longer than she thought; almost three years. With nothing
to do, she went around the Fiore until she was hit with Irine's [Universe One] spell which

dropped her in Magnolia. She watched the war between the Alvarez Empire and Fairy Tail,
where she saw the death of Zeref, their creator; something that shocked Torafuzar.
"Overall, those were some pretty interesting three years." Lamy said.
"So… our creator is gone…" Torafuzar mutters quietly. "Then our purpose for existence… is
also gone, too."
"Oh who cares. He's dead and you're not." I told him. "You are no longer bound by the
machinations of that mage, you are your own person now." I point at him. "So tell me
Torafuzar, what do you plan to do now?"
Torafuzar's eyes widened at the question. "I… don't know."
"Let me rephrase the question then. What is your desire?" I asked him. "Every living thing
has one, so tell me yours."
"..." Torafuzar looks down in deep thought. "I… I want to fight a worthy opponent. The
Dragon Slayer was good, but he is not the one I sought. My comrades would often ridicule
me for being so human, but I do not see it that way. I want to live the way of the warrior."
I smirk. "In that case, you'll fit right in. The multiverse is full of combatants that are quite
literally out of this world. I'm sure you'll find the one true rival you seek."
The two Etherious look at me confused. "Multiverse?"
I clap my hands together. "Right. First things first, we gotta fix this mess. There's no way I'm
letting my new comrades in this fucking place. It's disgraceful!"
Torafuzar's eyes widened. "Does that mean you are reviving [Tartaros]?"
I laugh. "Fuck no! Why would I revive a defeated guild?" A dark aura begins to envelop my
body. "I'm going to make something new. Something better than a magic guild." Darkness
erupts and spreads out rapidly, covering the ruins of the [Cube] completely.
"W-What is it?" Lamy nervously asks as the surroundings begin to shift and morph before
they are pulled into the largest mass.
"Oh, it's gonna be beautiful, my little bunny. Just you wait." I smile widely as my masterpiece
is born.
In a land filled with flowing lava, charred stone and massive volcanoes there laid a giant, red
dragon atop the highest volcano. He was covered in lava, and smoke flared from its nostrils.
He flexes his leathery red wings and raises its massive head that has a crystal-like spike
spaced atop it.
"I can sense it, power beyond measure. A supreme darkness. Who is that?" The dragon
said before its scaly face twists in a grin. "Finally, a chance to test my strength against
someone other than the god Dragons of Guiltena!" The dragon roars in excitement, fire

rises from the Earth and it takes to the sky. Everything around the dragon melts and the sky
grows red from the intense heat.
"I will not stand by and hide any longer! The time for me to test my power has come. I,
Ignia, will reign as the Supreme being over Earthland!" Ignia, the Fire Dragon God,
declares and takes to the sky.
At the same time
In a land that never saw the sun, and the moon was the only source of light that gleamed over
it (somehow). Stood a massive mountain made up of black stone was Black Moon Mountain.
Within this mountain was a massive hot spring that had eastern redbuds surrounding it,
fluttering their petals onto the spring and the eastern-style palace surrounding it.
In this hot spring is a buxom and a curvaceous woman with her long blonde hair leaning
against a dragon statue as she looks up at the sky.
"Oh? It seems one of the dragon gods is finally on the move again. What is this I sensed as
well? A large power somewhere far to the southeast? If I can sense it from here it must be
truly immense." She flips her legs over one another. "The era of Acnologia and Zeref has
ended. Is this the sign to the birth of a new era? An era of darkness? Will it usher the
salvation or the destruction of humanity? I suppose only time will tell…" She then drinks
from a small cup of sake.
Elsewhere
A young man narrows his eyes in concern as he stares at the horizon. He has blue shoulderlength hair, two long horns, and a facial tattoo over his right eye. He dons a dark coat over a
long shirt, accompanied by loose pants tucked into pirate boots. His accessories include a
necklace with three circular ornaments and black gloves that only partially cover his palm.
"Water God-sama? Is something troubling you?" A woman wearing glasses and a black suit
asks as she walks up from behind him.
"Yes Karameel, one of the dragon gods, is on the move once again."
"Oh? Is Ignia going to destroy another country?"
"Possibly, but there's more to it than that. My sensory abilities aren't the best right now as you
know, but I don't need to be at full capacity to feel that."
"Feel what Water God-sama?"
"Darkness. A power so ancient and limitless that it will swallow the world." Water God said.
"T-that powerful? Do you think the Guiltina council sensed it?" Karameel asked.
He shakes his head. "I severely doubt it. Only those with either immense magical capabilities
and enhanced senses like myself could from this far off. Even so, they wouldn't intervene

since it's not in Guiltina, and I doubt they'd be able to do much against this foe, even with
their immense weaponry."
"Do you think the other Dragon Gods sensed it?" Karameel asked.
"Most definitely. I wouldn't be surprised if Ignia isn't on his way to fight it as we speak. As
much as he hates to admit it, he takes too much after his father." He said with a ghost of a
smile on his face.
"What should we do?" Karameel asked.
The Water God takes a deep breath. "The White Wizard will no doubt go after this power. If
she manages to seal it and Ignia's power, then nothing will stop her."
Karameel went silent after that. Her eyes widened, as she saw the water gods' handshake
slightly.
'He's not afraid of what might happen to him, but what might happen to the town. How did he
become so caring?' Karameel thought.
Somewhere in the world
A slim, young-looking woman of average height with green eyes and prominent dark
eyebrows. The ends of her hair are sausage curled, bundled into four thick strands in the back
and two thick strands in the front. She dons a corset over a layered dress, as well as dark
colored stockings. She wears many dark green ribbons, including two in her hair and one
around the frilled neckline of her dress containing a stone in the middle. She also wears a
gold headdress with a decorative rose design and a small blue jewel.
"What an awful power. Such terrible darkness has descended upon the world." She said with
a grin. "Don't worry, soon even darkness will be turned white.
Author Notes
Here it is. It's short, but I didn't have much to work with.
The OC's first real jump into another world and he ends up in the ruins of Tartaros. I had to
binge watch the entire Tartaros arc because it's been a long time since I've tackled Fairy Tail
(mostly because I grew up reading the manga than the anime), but I think I got an
understanding on some things.
Out of all of Tartaros, Torafuzar stood out to me. He was respectful to his opponents and
didn't enjoy torturing them like the rest of his kind. He prides himself as being a part of his
guild much like everyone else, and seemed to have his own sense of honor making him more
human than the others. And seeing as the anime never confirmed he died, I thought it would
be a good idea to add him to the story.
As for Lamy, well... everyone needs a mascot.

So what does he plan to do with said ruins? You'll just have to wait to find out. And it seems
that the Dragon Gods have taken notice, along with a certain witch.
And is it just me, or does the OC seem a bit off to you?
Anyways, there will be no more updates for this story until next year. I wanna focus on my
other stories.
As always, leave a comment. The good, the bad, it doesn't matter.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Peace~

Chapter 10: Fairy Tail: A Blazing Housewarming Gift
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
In the barren wasteland, a silhouette is seen from a distance. As the camera zooms closer, it is
revealed that the silhouette was, in fact, a tower. The tower is primarily crimson in color and
seemed to be split off into three segments; the biggest at the bottom and the smallest at the
top. The entrance to the tower is large and eloquent, making it stand out to the viewer's eyes.
Surrounding the tower is a large garden with flowers growing on all sides with garden huts
on every patch of land. Water can be seen flowing through its numerous river channels with
arc bridges in every interception to give safe passage.
It is truly a sight to behold, a slice of heaven even… too bad that it hides something awful
inside.
Well… calling it awful would be too harsh.
The view zooms closer to the highest point of the tower before it switches to show the
interior. The room is bizarre, mixing futuristic technology with medieval tradition. The walls
seem to be made of obsidian and metal which is draped in red velvet. At the center of the
room is a throne made entirely of obsidian with blue accents on the edges that seem to be
glowing with energy as it stares directly at a large viewscreen.
Sitting in this throne is a young man seemingly in his mid-teens, his dulled silver eyes
analyzing every little detail presented to him. He has ebony black hair that runs past the nape
of his neck. In front of him is a book being held up with two floating skeletal hands.
"[Kindness] heals people as well as creates barriers. With [Bravery], you get explosion
magic as well as buffs in strength and durability. While [Perseverance] has the same buffs
as [Bravery], it takes longer to heal, however, it can pierce through magic far more easily
than other traits. And with [Patience], it's possible to even manipulate time. Who knew each
trait had such incredible potential?" I turn the page. "[Integrity] is similar to [Aura] as it
protects the user from lethal blows while also boosting my base stats. It also allows for basic
gravity manipulation like Sans. [Justice] can create projectiles, turn things into projectiles
including yourself. Finally, [Determination] has access to a variety of abilities. Create
magical constructs, heal wounds, time manipulation, resurrection, and stat buffs."

[And Chromas allow for the manipulation of all seven traits and can be even used all at
once. To think it would have such applications, I wonder why Gaster didn't use them]
"He likely wasn't able to because only humans can use those traits to the fullest. But then
again, I could be wrong." I close my grimoire and put it away. "What's the status of the Ruby
Palace?"
[Construction of the base is 100% complete. Power levels are at 12% and steadily
rising. At this rate, we should be up and running in less than a month]
"Hm." I let out a hum. It has been four days since I arrived in Earthland. Four days since I
met the last remaining remnants of Tartaros and four days since I started building my base of
operations. The process of building took longer than expected. It took a lot of trial and error
to get everything correct; down to the last atom.
[I can tell something is bothering you. You should be proud of what you made]
Proud? Of course I am proud. I just don't like all of the sleepless nights I had to go through
just to make sure everything was perfect (not that I actually require sleep anyways).
Still, I can't help but wonder if my arrival here had some… unexpected consequences.
… nah.
I open my inventory and select all of my gacha tokens and watch idly as the rewards rain
down on me.
You have gained the following from the [Common Gacha Token]:
[Milk Chocolate bar] - Rank: F
A chocolate bar. Delicious.
[Wooden Sword] - Rank: F
A wooden sword used for practice.
5 Damage
[Simple Magic Staff] - Rank: F
A simple magic staff used by mage students. Useful during magical lessons but not for
combat.
3 Damage
A chocolate bar? Well, at least it's edible. The wooden sword and staff might be useful when
I return to Remnant. I still haven't taught Oscar magic after all.
You have gained the following from the [Uncommon Gacha Token]:

[Dragon Pulse LVL. 1/10]
Cost 40 MP
The target is attacked with a shock wave generated by the user's gaping mouth.
Deals 3700 Damage
A Dragon-type move? From Pokemon!? Very nice!
You have gained the following from the [Legendary Gacha Token]:
[All-Stat Crystal] - Rank: EX
Significantly increases all stats by 20.
[Phoenix Down]
[Leviathan Axe] - Rank: EX
Kratos' main weapon throughout the Norse Era. Forged by the dwarven blacksmiths
Brock and Sindri in order to fight off the power of Mjölnir, the ax was originally
wielded by the Jötunn warrior Laufey before passing it onto Kratos before her death.
After completing Mjölnir and seeing the destruction it had created at the hands of its
wielder, the Huldra Brothers sought to take responsibility and so fashioned a weapon
that matched it in power. Its name, Leviathan, was suggested by Brok after being
inspired by the epic size of Jörmungandr (and as a way to mock the Aesir for their
failed search of the Giants).
28,751+ WISx4 Physical/Ice Damage
[Fusion Cannon] - Rank: EX
Megatron's iconic weapon. It strikes fear into the sparks of both Autobots and
Decepticons alike, for any who challenge such a weapon will surely fail. The cannon is
powered by nuclear fission though it can be further augmented by a black hole or dark
matter.
39,981 Damage + STRx6 Nuclear/Dark Damage
[Tora-Shina] - Rank: ?
A shinai owned by the infamous Tiger of Fuyuki herself, Taiga Fujimura. It has a tiger
strap attached under the guard in what is undeniably its greatest feature, which was
considered to be bad manners and not permitted in some official tournaments.
What sets it apart is the unrelenting bloodlust that radiates off the bamboo sword; like
a predator stalking its prey before pouncing on them. It is strangely more durable than

other Shinai, and a seemingly lethal weapon in the hands of a master swordsman (sort
of).
It is a demonic sword that will not rest until it tastes blood, yet it is also the most useless
weapon to ever exist.
0 Damage (Increases LUK by 99)
I have no words. There is nothing I can think of that would describe what I'm going through
right now. I grab the [All-Star Crystal] and crush it, invigorating my body with power.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge
Race: Human(?)
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 80
HP: 86,800 (8680 per minute)
MP: 113,100 (11310 per minute)
SP: 48,200 (4820 per minute)
AP: 89,100 (8910 per minute)
VIT: 2,170
STR: 3,930
DEX: 2,410
END: 2,330
INT: 2,250
WIS: 2,970
MAG: 3,770
LUK: 2,170
CHA: 2,650
Money: 5,000,258,256 Credits
Excellent. HP looks much better.

[I think I should check on the CORE. You know, to see if everything is in working
order]
"Good idea." I dismiss the holograms in front of me and push myself off my throne. I was
wearing a large black coat with shredded ends on each of the elbow-length sleeves. Under it
I'm wearing a black turtleneck that hugged my body, emphasizing my muscular physique,
and a pair of black pants and combat boots.
I turn around and walk towards an elevator. Its doors open and I walk inside. I press one of
the buttons and the doors promptly close before the whole box rumbles as it begins its quiet
descent downwards.
"Note to self: add music for the elevator." I told myself.
*Ding!*
The elevator stops as it reaches its destination and its doors open. The smell of seawater
infiltrates my nostrils.
Instead of a normal room, there is a massive ocean as far as the eye can see. The roof
simulates a blue sky with artificial light shining down on everything.
I step forward and a stone pillar rises from the bottom of the ocean catching my step with
more rising creating a path. I follow this path until I reach the "center" of the room where an
island was placed and on it was a small building resembling a Japanese dojo.
No gates, no walls, just a single building on a small empty island.
I make my way towards the dojo and slide the door open, it was unlocked. Why would it be
locked? All who wish to test their strength are welcomed here, both physically and mentally.
The interior of the dojo was your traditional Japanese home. I took off my boots and left
them on the genkan before moving inside. Since there is only one resident, the building was
always empty with the sounds of the ocean waves being the only source of company.
Eventually, I arrived at a large training hall and saw Torafuzar kneeling in the middle with his
eyes closed.
"I was not expecting a visitor so soon." Torafuzar opens his eyes and looks at me. "So, what
do you wish of me, Asmodeus-sama?"
I take a step forward. "I just wanted to make a quick visit. Nothing more."
Torafuzar bows. "I am honored that you would go out of your busy schedule just to see me,
Asmodeus-sama."
I hum in conformation. To be perfectly honest, I don't like how subservient these guys are, it's
very creepy. I have tried to make them stop but they stubbornly refuse to do so, even when I
ordered them to. But after a while, I just let it go and got used to it.
I turn to the open view of the ocean. "Tell me, how are you liking your new room so far?"

"It is marvelous. Despite it being artificial, the view of the ocean is just as breathtaking as the
real deal." Torafuzar comments.
"I can respect that." I nod.
Torafuzar smiles at his lord's acceptance.
+30 Reputation with Torafuzar (74/100)
[You did put your all into making it as real as possible. Can't believe it only took 5
hours]
"Say, Tora, can I ask you something? What is your opinion on humans?" I asked.
The Etherious looks down for a moment before looking up to me. "I believe humans are
weak creatures. They are flawed, emotional, and overall unsavory. However, unlike my
brethren, I do not take joy in tutoring them." He said. "I respect those who show ingenuity
and fighting spirit, the humans who fight not just for themselves but for others as well. My
fight with the human wizards showed me the extent of that potential, I only wished to have
seen it under better circumstances."
"Is that why you requested your room to be modeled after a dojo? Because you wanted to
fight humans on even ground?" I asked.
Torafuzar nods. "There is nothing more honorable than fighting at your strongest. One should
have pride in one's power. If they do not even have the dignity to face me then they have no
right to carry the symbol of their guild on their person."
[That's pretty deep. As expected of someone who lives the life of a warrior]
I check his stats.
Name: Torafuzar
Title: The Dark, Jaws, Nine Demon Gates
Level: 58
Affiliation: Tartaros (former)
HP: 12,500
MP: 0
CP: 10,000
SP: 7,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Happy

'It looks like the rejuvenator worked. He is back in peak form.' I remark as I read his stat
sheet.
"Is there anything else you need, my lord?" Torafuzar asked.
I close the screen and shake my head. "No, I think we're done here. I want to head down
to [Satan's Soul] and check on Lamy."
"Very well. I will await your next visit." Torafuzar bows as his master walks out of the room.
I leave the dojo and reach the elevator.
[Out of all of the Etherious Zeref created, Torafuzar is the only one that shows restraint.
He has a strict code of duty, a very human trait to have. I wonder what Zeref was going
through when he wrote his book]
I get on the elevator. "Probably trying to retain whatever humanity he had left, though it's
obvious that it didn't pan out as he hoped." I press a button and the elevator makes its
descent.
[Do you ever wonder what they would have done if we hadn't shown up?]
"They would probably try to pick a fight with Fairy Tail again, but we both know how that
song and dance goes." I remarked.
[You don't think they'd win?]
"If there's one thing that's clear about Fairy Tail is that they are a tenacious and destructive
bunch. No matter how many times you beat them down or how many times the odds are
against them, they will always, ALWAYS, come back until they're enemies are beaten." I
smile. "It's one of the few things I like about Fairy Tail."
[That and the beautiful women]
"You got that right." I let out a perverse chuckle.
*DING*
The elevator's doors open revealing a dimly lit room with large tanks in rows, with cables and
organic material connected to the top of the tank. The area itself gives off a cold and creepy
atmosphere similar to a mausoleum.
My head turns left and right. "Now, where are you?"
"Fafafafa~ I can't believe you've come to visit me~"
I turn to the voice and see Lamy sliding towards me. "Hello, master! How can I be of service
today? Fafafafafa~"
"I'm just here to check the performance of [Satan's Soul]." I told her.

The rabbit Etherious' face twitches at the mention of that name. "Of course! Right this way!"
She proceeds to happily guide her master through the laboratory, passing through the various
tanks occupied with the bodies of demons. "As you can see, we are running at optimum
capacity! I've even collected all of my guildmate's remains and placed them in the tanks to
preserve them."
I stare at one of the tanks with the corpse. "If you don't mind me asking, what do you plan to
do with them?"
"Oh, that's easy! I plan to use them for their cells in case we need to convert humans into
demons or to heal us!" Lamy exclaims. "Since the lab was destroyed, I lost a lot of resources.
So I'm using these corpses to make up for the loss."
I arch an eyebrow. "So, you're not going to revive your own race?"
Lamy just laughs at my question. "Revive? You must be joking, sir!" Her expression then
morphs into one of wickedness, "weaklings like them don't deserve such courtesy. Failure
was not tolerated in Tartaros. They should be happy to be of some use in my experiments."
She breaks into a fit of mad giggling.
'Well, at least she's passionate…' I thought. "Say, is it possible to revive one of the [Nine
Demon Gates] using these corpses?"
"Hm, I'm not sure." Lamy ponders at the idea. "Whenever an Etherious dies, their souls
would return to [Hell's Core] where they are eventually reborn in new bodies thanks to their
contracts with Master Geer. However, with the exception of Lord Torafuzar and Jackal, none
of the other [Nine Demon Gates] returned to the core which means that their souls were
destroyed along with their bodies."
[Most of the Nine Demon Gates were killed by Fairy Tail. Somehow, those wizards
managed to destroy their souls along with their bodies]
'But what about when they came back during the final arc?'
[Those were merely life facsimiles of the Etherious. Thought projections given life using
memories from the victim, indistinguishable from the real thing]
'Man, Fairy Tail magic is no joke. It just gets more OP with every arc.' I sweat dropped.
"Well, that's good to know. Anyways, I'll leave [Satan's Soul] in your capable hands."
Lamy's face twitches again. "I wish you wouldn't call it that, my lord." She grunts in
annoyance. "I don't want to be reminded of that Take Over mage."
"It just makes sense to me. [Satan's Soul] is an upgrade to [Hell's Core] since it can do more
than just conversion and rebirth." I state.
"You mean you won't reconsider it?" She jolts at the blank stare. "Okay. I'll try to get used to
it."
"That's all I ask. I'll see you later." I turn around and make my way towards the elevator.

Lamy watches her master get on the elevator and hears it descending. "My lord is such a
dummy." She then holds her hands together as pink hearts surround her. "But he is so
handsome so it's all forgiven! Fafafafa~"
+20 Affection with Lamy (87/100)
The elevator slows down as it reaches its destination and opens its doors, revealing a large
mechanical room which houses a massive stone structure surrounded by seven stone obelisks.
At the center of the room is a long staircase and on top is a stone shrine. The walls of the
room have a grid-like pattern that pulsates with power as it goes upwards to the ceiling.
As I walk on the stone path, the camera changes to a top view, revealing that part of the path
are large wires connecting from the altar to the rest of the room.
I walk up the steps and enter the shrine and rest inside is the [Master Emerald] itself before
my attention turns to the stone obelisks, showing the blue and red [Chaos
Emeralds] enshrined on them.
The humming of the machinery is heard in the background. "It looks like everything's
working correctly."
[Who knew using an ancient shrine as the main power circuit for the base would be so
effective?]
"If you want to thank someone, thank Sega for the idea." I open a window and begin typing.
"Still, if we want to get anywhere, we'll need to find more [Chaos Emeralds]; two is just
simply not enough."
[Then we'll need to go through more dungeons. You already know this]
"You got that right." I close the window in front of me.
[What did you just do?]
"I had all external energy routed to the defense shields." I replied.
[Isn't that a bit overboard?]
"Normally, yes, but I've been having this weird feeling that's been keeping me on edge all
day. Like… something big is coming." I open my menu.
[That's ominous]
Dungeons available:
Zombie Dungeon (Complete)
Lizardman Dungeon (Complete)

Bird Dungeon (Complete)
Demon Dungeon (Complete)
Machine Dungeon
?
"This should be interesting." I press the [Machine Dungeon] icon.
Reality shifts around me and now I find myself in a gray metal room.
"Hm…" I turn my attention to a nearby window and take a look outside.
The camera zooms out, revealing a massive mechanical fortress flying across the ocean.
"Whoa." I take a step back from the window. "Wasn't expecting that."
Quest Unlocked!
Quest: Framework
You are trapped in this mechanical fortress. Find the power source and shut it down.
Objective: Retrieve the power source
Rewards: 76,344 EXP, 36,012 Credits, Skill, Item
'Wonder what kind of power source it uses.' I look around the room and see no exit. "Now
how do I get out of here?" I put my hands on the wall only for it to suddenly glow and swift,
breaking apart and revealing the way out.
"Nice." I walk out only to find myself in a monochromic path leading one way. Not as soon
as I take a single step, the ceiling opens and drones come out.
Name: Security Bot
Level: 18
HP: 500
MP: 0
SP: 100
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
"It's been years since I played Bioshock. What a blast from the past." I summon the [Super
Shotgun]. "Can't wait to turn you into scrap metal."

The bots aim their machine guns and open fire at a rapid rate, however, from my viewpoint,
those bullets are moving slowly. Very slowly.
I jump back and fire at one of the bots before shooting down the other one. The last drone
tries to fly away but it is caught by my hook and I ram it into the wall, destroying it.
You have defeated Security Bot(x3)! You have gained 189 EXP(x3)! You have earned
332 Credits(x3)!
"Too easy." I remark and make my way forward.
As I walk through the path, I pass by several rooms with machinery of all kinds placed there.
They didn't seem to be active and didn't react to my presence as I arrived at the elevator.
"You think this 'powersource' is a [Chaos Emerald]?"
[Absolutely. I can't think of anything that can power such a massive facility]
I look up at the ceiling. "Say… I've been meaning to ask you something. Where exactly do
these dungeons come from?"
[Well-]
*Boom!*
My body jolts and takes a boxing stance. "Hold up. What was that?"
*Creak~*
"!" A jet-black claw bursts from the doors and grabs me! It pulls me out of the elevator and
throws me to the floor.
"Oof!" I look up to see a large black bipedal robot with a single glowing red optic. Its right
arm is mounted with a massive gun as its left arm transforms into another weapon.
Name: Wachroboter
Level: 57
HP: 29,209
MP: 0
SP: 22,379
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Skill Level Up!

[Observe LVL. 32/100]
"Another videogame reference. This time, it's Wolfenstein." I comment.
The Wachroboter fires laser blasts as I dodge them. I summon my [Super Shotgun] and fire,
but to my shock the bullets simply bounce off the super-dense armor.
'Just what is this thing made of!?' I internally exclaim.
The robot's arms glow with energy before firing a charged shot at me. I
activate [Nemesis] and surround myself in a black cocoon, shielding me from the attack. This
doesn't deter the guard robot as it continues its onslaught, but its plasma rounds can't pierce
through the cocoon.
"[Super Shotgun] isn't going to cut it. That thing has a surprisingly tough chassis." I open
my menu and look through my [Inventory], "time to give this a try."
The robot continues its attack, surrounding the cocoon in smoke. It stops its attack and walks
forwards to check the intruder's demise. Suddenly, a purple stream of energy bursts from the
smokescreen and in an instant, the Wachroboter is vaporized!
I walk out of the smoke, revealing the smoking metallic gray barrel of the [Fusion
Cannon] attached to my right arm.
You have defeated the Wachroboter! You have gained 5,788 EXP! You have earned
3,188 Credits!
Level Up!
I raise my arm as I look at my new weapon in jubilation and excitement before a familiar
force forces me to reign it in. "I guess it's safe to say that this test was a resounding success."
[Success is a bit of an understatement]
I look around and see the floor is much bigger than the last one. "This must be the hangar
bay. That robot must have been guarding it. I wouldn't be surprised if there are more."
[Then we'll simply remain cautious. You should keep the Fusion Cannon equipped in
case you run into them]
"Um-hmm." I began to explore this new area, eventually reaching what looks to be a
command deck as I got a good look at the place.
The area is indeed a hangar as I already speculated… and it is massive! The room stretches
out as far as the eye can see. There are ships docked everywhere, ready and waiting to be
launched to the outside world. Which brings me to my question…
Where is everybody?

Usually, there would be people either working on the ships, moving supplies, and getting
ready to launch. Yet there is no one here, just machines.
This dungeon really lives up to its name.
However, my thoughts are cut short as a noise gets louder before red light overwhelms my
vision as I dodge the laser beam before getting blown back by the resulting explosion.
"Damn…!" I grab the rail and push myself up, before turning to the direction of where the
blast came from only for my eyes to widen slightly.
Down below are dozens of [Wachroboters] staring up at me, their red optics glowing
menacingly at me.
"Oh dear…" I mutter to myself. One of those robots was bad enough, but this!? Where did
they even come from!? Where were they all this time!?
[You might want to get moving]
The robots all begin to charge their main weapons.
"Oh shit!"
[Move bitch! Get to the door!]
I activate [Sonido] and make a run for the door as the entire wall is turned into a melted
mush.
I look at the door and immediately press a button. The doors quickly close just as the coming
explosion engulfs it all.
[That was too close for comfort. Another second and we would have been caught in the
blast]
"Yes…" I muttered.
*BANG~BANG~BANG~*
Loud metallic footsteps catch my attention as it comes closer, and what I saw completely
blew my mind.
Standing before me are robotic creatures with bodies encased in sleek silver armor. Its chest
plates feature a circular opening which glows blue. However, what was most drawing were
their helmets; a pair of side handles on the left and right-hand sides of the helmet, which
connected together at the base of the head. Their faceplates sported "tear drop" eye-pods and
mouth slits.
"I know what you are." I straighten myself to give the creatures a hard glare.
"You're [Cybermen]."

Name: Weapons-Grade Cyberman
Level: 36
HP: 14,145
MP: 0
SP: 14,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: UPGRADE
"Which means… This is a cyber warship. A Cyber Carrier!" I exclaimed, finally piecing it
together.
"SENSORS DETECT AN UNKNOWN ENERGY SIGNATURE ORIGINATING FROM
THIS UNIT." One Cybermen states, its mouthpiece emitting a blue light when it speaks.
"YOU WILL BE TAKEN FOR ANALYSIS AND LATER CONVERSION." Another
Cyberman declares.
'So that's what those rooms were; conversion chambers.' I realized. "Not interested." I fire
my [Fusion Cannon] at one of the Cybermen, killing it instantly.
"DELETE! DELETE!" The Cybermen fire their lasers, but they simply bounce due to my
Aura.
-7,899 Damage (-50%)
89,591/93,540 AP
91,120/91,120 HP
"Nice try." I fire my weapon at the remaining Cybermen, destroying them completely.
You have defeated the Weapons-Grade Cybermen(x3)! You have gained 4,777 EXP(x3)!
You have earned 3,412 Credits(x3)!
Level Up!
[Emotional Inhibitor Chip] - Rank: D
A chip that inhibits all emotions. It allows a human brain to exist without suffering a
"meltdown" of overwhelming emotions at what it had become.
I run through the corridor and find another elevator only to open to reveal more Cybermen,
but before they can do anything a massive beam collides and destroys them completely…
along with the elevator.

You have defeated the Weapons-Grade Cybermen(x3)! You have gained 4,777 EXP(x3)!
You have earned 3,412 Credits(x3)!
Level Up!
You got an Emotional Inhibitor Chip!
You got Hi-Health Potion(x3)!
[Hi-Health Potion] - Rank: C
Restores 700 Points of Health
You got a Hi-Aura Potion!
[Hi-Aura Potion] - Rank: C
Restores 700 points of Aura
[We'll need to find an alternate means to ascend. Look around for something useful]
I look around before finding a door slightly open. Some sort of emergency exit? Walking
towards it, I open the door and it reveals a series of staircases.
"Oh boy…" I sweat dropped at the impossibly long stairs.
[You don't have to walk, you can use Sonido to skip most of it]
Taking the advice, I use [Sonido] and go upwards, passing flight after flight of stairs without
breaking a sweat. Multiple [Security Bots] try to block my way, but they are all destroyed
with my [Blue Sister].
You have defeated Security Bot(x15)! You have gained 189 EXP(x15)! You have earned
332 Credits(x15)!
I arrive at the end of the staircase and in front of me is a door. "Let's get this over with." I
open the door and find a large open control room with computer banks lined parallel to one
another.
In front of a platform is a Cyberman, overlooking the vast ocean below.
"SO YOU HAVE COME." The Cyberman says and turns around. This Cyberman is
completely different from the other Cybermen I've defeated. Its brain was visible through a
glass covering on its helmet. It lacked side handles on its helmet, instead possessing a pair of
large blank, metal panels where a human's ears would normally be. Additionally, it lacks a
chest unit or any other kind of external bodily components or mechanisms, aside from a thin,
vertical oval-shaped light on its chest that varies between being blue and white in color. Its
body was also significantly more muscular than most Cybermen. Its faceplate featured bright,
white eye-pods with blue highlights, and lacked the "tear-drop" on the corners that were
commonly seen on other Cybermen.

Name: Cyber-Controller
Level: 59
HP: 37,089
MP: 0
SP: 20,567
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Irrelevant
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 33/100]
"YOU HAVE CAUSED A GREAT DEAL OF TROUBLE." The Cyber-Controller states.
"It's what I do." I smirked. "Still, I am quite surprised. Using outdated tech from the 20th
century. An ALTERNATE 20th century. How did you come upon it if you don't mind me
asking?"
The Cyber-Controller stands in place. "... LOST."
"Huh?"
"WE WERE LOST. EJECTED FROM THE VORTEX. OUR FLEET WANDERED
THROUGH THE VEIL BETWEEN UNIVERSES. WE WERE DAMAGED, OUR
RESOURCES DWINDLED TO DANGEROUS LEVELS." The Cyber-Controller states.
"You were spat out of the [Time Vortex] and ended up in another universe." I surmised.
"THEIR TECHNOLOGY WAS OUTDATED BUT SUFFICIENT. THEY HUMANS
ASSISTED US AND IN EXCHANGE WE GAVE THEM SALVATION." The CyberController reveals.
My brows furrowed. "You converted them into Cybermen."
"YES, HOWEVER, WE WERE UNABLE TO RESTORE CONNECTION TO THE REST
OF CYBER FLEET. IT WAS NOT LONG UNTIL I REALIZED WHAT HAD HAPPENED
TO US."
"So," I raise my hand "just to make sure I got it right. Your fleet was hurled out of the vortex
and ended up in the void. Your ship was the only one out of likely hundreds to make it here
but damaged. The humans of this universe helped you and as thanks you 'upgraded' them.
However, it was all in vain as you couldn't return to your home universe and now you're
stuck here."

"OUR SENSORS HAVE BEEN SCANNING YOU SINCE YOUR ARRIVAL. THE
ENERGY GENERATING FROM YOUR BODY IS 78.66665% SIMILAR TO A BLACK
HOLE. WITH YOU, WE CAN RETURN TO OUR HOME UNIVERSE." If the CyberController could smile, it would. "YOU WILL ASSIST US."
I raise my cannon at the leader. "That's not going to happen."
"I KNEW YOU WOULD SAY THAT." The Cyber-Controller raises its arm and opens a
holographic window. "IF YOU WILL NOT JOIN US, THEN YOU WILL PERISH UNDER
MAXIMUM DELETION!" It types something on the screen.
Suddenly an arm bursts out and grabs me before pulling downwards. I try to pry myself loose
but this thing's grip is too strong!
Eventually the arm stops at what appears to be an engine room before looking up at the arm's
owner.
It's a massive Cyberman!
Its head and torso are almost identical to the Weapons-Grade Cybermen, however, its eyes
glowed blue with cables coming out of its mouth piece, giving the appearance that it was
hurling. It has a mortar launcher on its right arm. It has no lower torso, instead massive tables
run through the bottom, connecting it to the walls.
Name: Weapons-Grade CyberKing (Incomplete)
Level: 77
HP: 60,000
MP: 0
SP: 0
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: DELETE!
The Cyber-Controller flies down as cables slowly connect themselves to the ports on its back
before it is pulled inside of its mouth.
"PREPARE TO FACE YOUR END!" The Cyber-King declares. It raises its arms and
throws me across the room.
I manage to land on a platform and stand up, the CyberKing glaring down at me; eyes
brimming with power.
"Let's go!" I fire my [Fusion Cannon] at the CyberKing, however, it raises its left arm and a
shield appears deflecting it. "What!?"

"THIS CYBERKING UNIT WAS DESIGNED TO BE THE MOST POWERFUL
EVER BUILT! YOU WILL NEVER WIN!" The Cyber-Controller declares. "OFFER
YOURSELF TO ME NOW AND THERE WILL BE NO PAIN."
"Not yet!" I summon my [Leviathan Axe] and fire another round at it, before throwing it.
"USELESS." The CyberKing deflects my ax and fires a missile at me. "A MEANINGLESS
EFFORT. YOU SHOULD KNOW WHEN TO GIVE UP."
The dust settles showing that I was okay, "and you should learn to keep your mouth shut."
*CRASH!*
The CyberKing looks down and sees its right arm falling out of its socket. What was more
shocking though, is that the limb is breaking down; the metal decaying.
"ALERT. ALERT! STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY COMPROMISED! SYSTEM
FAILURE IMMINENT!" The CyberKing yells as the decay continues to spread all over its
body. "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!?"
Flashback
"You should have been paying more attention. My skill set isn't limited to my weaponry."
As I throw my [Leviathan Axe], a dark stream of light is seen coming from my fingers as it
travels towards the CyberKing's left arm, leaving a dark mark that spreads at an accelerated
rate.
Flashback end
I summon the [Leviathan Axe] back into my hand. "You were never a threat, you were just
another guinea pig to test my power. And I can say that this test was a success."
"ERROR! ERROR! ERRO-" The CyberKing's body breaks apart and falls to pieces on the
floor.
You have defeated the CyberKing! You have gained 51,445 EXP! You have earned
43,771 Credits!
Level Up(x4)!
I jump down to the decaying wreckage and look around.
[The metal is quickly breaking and turning into dark matter. It won't be long before its
ready to be absorbed]
Suddenly, a metallic noise invades my ears and when I turn to look I see the Cyber-Controller
trapped in decaying debris and tangled wires.

"THIS CANNOT BE POSSIBLE. MY CALCULATIONS WERE PERFECT." The CyberController looks up at its approaching foe. "NO HUMAN SHOULD HAVE THIS POWER.
IT IS SIMPLY NOT POSSIBLE."
"Yeah, well, get used to disappointment." I told him.
The dark matter decay begins to consume him. "WHAT… ARE… YOU…"
I give the unfeeling cyborg a smirk as my eyes ominously glow silver. "I'm the Devil."
The Cyber-Controller breaks down into nothing.
You have defeated the Cyber-Controller! You have gained 49,245 EXP! You have
earned 33,771 Credits!
Level Up(x4)!
My body absorbs [Dark Matter] in the same manner as Kuroyuki. However, it leaves
something behind.
[Green Chaos Emerald] - Rank: EX
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 34/100]
I pick up the green gem and throw it into my [Inventory]. "And with this, that makes three."
Suddenly, alarms begin to sound off.
"ALERT! ALERT! SELF DESTRUCTION SEQUENCE HAS BEEN ACTIVATED! 30
SECONDS TILL DETONATION."
"That damn Cyberman just had to have the last damn laugh, didn't it!?" I yelled. "I still have
to find that power source."
[Since we're in the engine room, it's likely to be here somewhere]
I begin to look around frantically as the roof begins to come down on me.
"SELF DESTRUCTION IN 20 SECONDS."
"Where the hell is it?" I said as I moved the debris.
[Hurry up!]
I notice a sealed chamber and blast it open. I walk inside and find a familiar object strapped
to machinery.
[Yellow Chaos Emerald] - Rank: EX
"Another [Chaos Emerald]? The Cybermen had two [Chaos Emeralds]!?" I exclaimed.

"SELF DESTRUCTION IN 10 SECONDS."
[Grab it now!]
I rush forward and grab the emerald before I am teleported out.
"5… 4…. 3… 2… 1…!"
The Cyber Carrier explodes and sinks into the bottom of the ocean.
I appear back at the Emerald Altar.
Quest Complete!
Quest: Framework
Objective: Retrieve the power source
Rewards: 76,344 EXP, 36,012 Credits, Skill, Item
Level Up(x5)!
[Duplication LVL. 1/10]
Allow the user to create clones of themselves. The clones will be physically real,
possessing the same clothing, abilities, weapons, and memories and because of that, they
cannot be distinguished from the original.
Cost 3400 SP
The user can create as many clones as they desire. If the clone is defeated or is recalled,
their memories and experience is transferred back to the original making them very
useful for intelligence gathering.
[Sonic Screwdriver (12th Edition)] - Rank: B
The Doctor's signature tool; never leave home without one. It is used as a sophisticated
scanning device, with medical applications as well as pick locks and projecting sound so
as to, for example, detonate objects and fry circuitry. It can hack into computers,
provide geolocation, and actively defend against some types of assault weapons by
frying their internal mechanics and causing the weapons to burst into flames and spark
from the inside. The tool could create powerful frequencies and signals as well as shoot
green sonic energy waves to briefly incapacitate or stun a target.
Sonic screwdrivers and similar technology could not unlock a deadlock seal and is
ineffective against wood.
[Handles] - Rank: C

The head of Cyberman that has been stripped of all organic components and its original
protocols, now runs on a rudimentary AI. Handles still carried a full set of data banks
from his time as part of a Cyberman. You can use it to interface with your ship,
essentially making a co-pilot of sorts.
I took out the [Sonic Screwdriver], looking exactly like the one the 12th Doctor used, and
juggle it up like he did. I push a button and it lights up, producing that familiar sound that is
common with all versions.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge
Race: Human(?)
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 96
HP: 104,080 (10408 per minute)
MP: 135,660 (13566 per minute)
SP: 57,800 (5780 per minute)
AP: 106,860 (10686 per minute)
VIT: 2,602
STR: 4,714
DEX: 2,890
END: 2,794
INT: 2,698
WIS: 3,562
MAG: 4,522
LUK: 2,602
CHA: 3,178
Money: 5,000,401,446 Credits
"Nice." I smile before the entire place shakes. "What the?"
Suddenly, the alarms go off and an image of Lamy pops in front of me.

"We have a problem, sir! We're under attack!" Lamy exclaims.
"I'm on my way!" I rush to the elevator and it quickly rises upwards. After a minute, I arrive
at the command deck and take a seat on my throne. "Main screen on."
On screen all that's visible is a constant stream of flames that the barrier is deflecting. High
above the palace is a massive dragon with dark-red scales, beige underside, and horn-tipped
nose. It bears several caudal spines around his face, with a large crystal-like horn protruding
from the top of his head. Two fire-like tattoos can be seen on its chest, and flames radiate off
various parts of its body.
"A dragon? But the dragons are supposed to be gone." I look at a graph showing the barrier's
power levels. "At this rate, it'll penetrate the shields in a matter of minutes. And with the
defense system still offline, we're just sitting ducks."
Suddenly, the attack stops much to my surprise. "What the hell?" I zoomed in on the image
and what I heard shocked me to my core.
"Fire Dragon God's Roar!" The dragon unleashes a fireball the size of the sun right at me.
The moment it collides with the barrier it creates a massive explosion, so large that it engulfs
the entire area.
When the dust settles, the gardens and the Ruby Palace have been mostly destroyed, leaving
only the bottom section mostly intact.
I dig myself from the rubble only to see the dragon descending from above, its flapping
wings driving the dust and smoke apart as it lands right in front of me.
Name: Ignia
Title: Fire Dragon God
Level: 129
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods
HP: 109,856
MP: 101,309
SP: 289,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Fight
The Dragon God gives me a toothy grin. "So, you're the one, huh? I hope you make this
fight interesting."

"Oh fuck…" I mutter under my breath.
Author Notes
Kept you waiting huh?
That's right, I'm back with a new chapter after almost two months since the last one.
As always, leave a comment. I would usually have more to say but it's late here and I need
some sleep.
Peace~

Chapter 11: Fairy Tail: Fire Dragon God
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
I stare at Ignia with bated breath as the giant dragon looks down at me with an analytical eye,
the kind you would use when sizing up your opponents.
"Look at you, so small and pathetic, no one would think you're the source of that
power." Ignia mocked with a toothy smile.
Is he trying to make me angry? "You destroyed my castle."
"Ho? That was yours? You must not have any taste if THAT was your castle." Ignia
remarks.
Oh, you mother"Master!"
I turn to look and see Torafuzar and Lamy running towards me.
Lamy suddenly stops and slips, causing her to tumble and fall directly in front of me. "D-DDRAGON!?"
Ignia lowers his head, his eyes are as large as a human adult. "I recognize that stench
anywhere. To think there were still remnants of that human wizard running around."
"You knew Zeref?" Torafuzar asked.
"Know him? I despise him!" Ignia lets out a mighty laugh, its cacophonous noise shakes the
entire earth. "Him and Acnologia were at the top of my list! But then they got themselves
killed before I could get a chance, and by a HUMAN no less!"
"... who are you?" Torafuzar finally asked.
Ignia's smile grows wider; that's a lot of teeth. "I am the master of the primordial flames,
the red sky, embodiment of the sun and the Supreme Being of the World." The dragon

unfolds his wings, showing off their majesty. "I am Ignia, the Dragon God of Flames!
Burn my name into your brains because soon that will be all you will ever know!"
"A d-dragon god!? Those are real!?" Lamy exclaims.
I clench my fists tightly. This is too soon. The [Five Dragon Gods] are as the title says: five
dragons with powers equal to that of a god. Granted, it wasn't something they came up with
themselves but by the humans who survived their rampages and have since been cemented as
primordial forces of nature. According to the manga, they are the survivors of the [Dragon
King Festival] who in order to evade Acnologia's rampage, escaped to the continent of
Guiltina where they amassed power becoming what they are today.
And in front of me is most likely the strongest of the five. Ignia. The Fire Dragon God.
Igneel's son and Natsu Dragneel's foster brother. Out of all of the dragon gods, he rivals
Acnologia in sheer magical power.
'How the hell did he find me!?' I thought with evident exasperation. I haven't done anything
grandstanding to get the attention of a dragon god. Hell, I haven't stepped out of the palace
since I got here!
[It might be due to the nature of this universe]
'Explain.'
[In this world exists a type of particle called Ethernano. These particles exist in all living
things and in the atmosphere, and it's what gives all mages their magical power. My
theory is that when we first arrived here, we unknowingly saturated the atmosphere
with our unique magic particles, causing them to spread out across the planet]
'Wait, so EVERYONE knows I'm here!?'
[Only high-level mages and a couple of powerful entities, such as dragons, can sense
you. So much for being hidden, huh?]
'Fuck!' I stare at the massive dragon. 'So, what do I do now?'
[You'll have to fight him. If we take Natsu as reference, Ignia will force you to fight him
since fire dragons are always looking for strong opponents to fight]
'Shit...' I turn to the two demons. "You two need to leave."
This shocks the two. "W-Why!? Are you saying we're too weak to fight with you!?"
"That's exactly what I'm saying Lamy. You two aren't strong enough to fight a dragon." I
bluntly replied. "In the end, you're just deadweight."
"He's right. You will only slow him down." Ignia adds.
Lamy looks like she is on the verge of tears.

Torafuzar, who seems to understand my motives, gently pats her shoulder. "Let's go, Lamy."
He then looked at me. "Win this."
I silently nod as the two quickly run off.
The dragon god huffs. "I do not understand why you would go this far for these insects.
They are beneath you."
I stare at him. "You don't know anything."
Ignia clicks his tongue. "It disgusts me just how human you are." He then gets an
idea. "Maybe if I just kill them-" He doesn't finish as his head is blown back by a punch to
the face.
My knuckles are red from hitting his scales. "Don't you dare, you red fuck."
Ignia brings his head back, an unfamiliar sensation rises from where he was hit. "Y-You hurt
me… you actually hurt me." He brings his claw up to his mouth and sees blood. HIS
blood. "Hehehehe… hehehehehe….!" He then breaks down into a fit of laughter.
"HAHAHAHAHAHA! SO, THIS IS PAIN! I'VE COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN
WHAT IT FEELS LIKE! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
[I think you might have flipped his switch]
"Now I'm DEFINITELY not holding back! We're gonna have so much FUN!" Ignia
declares and makes his move.
"!" Thinking quickly, I raise a barrier to block the attack, but not only does he break through
it easily but he sends me flying out of the area at high speeds before crashing into a
mountain.
48,009 Damage (-50%)
82,856/106,860 AP
104,080 HP/104,080 HP
"Ouch… that… hurts a little…" I moan as I pull myself out.
Emergency!
Quest: A Dragon's Challenge
The Fire Dragon God of Guiltina wants to fight you. He destroyed your house so make
him pay.
Objective: Fight Ignia until he leaves
Rewards: 79,994 EXP, 60,100 Credits, Legendary Gacha Token

Ignia is looking down from above. "Come on! Don't tell me you're already dead from that
little love tap!"
"That… was a love tap to him?" I said as I fell to the ground.
[It would be a good idea to use your devil form or else you may not survive]
I stand up. "Yeah." I cross my arms together as dark power surges out of my body before
exploding, unleashing an energy wave that washes over the land.
Ignia smiles as he sees my devil form. "There it is. Now, we can finally get started."
I look up at the dragon god. "I'm going to enjoy wiping that smile off your face." I unfold my
wings and fly upwards at incredible speeds.
Ignia blinks. One moment, he was staring down at the mystery wizard; the next, he was
spinning out of control from the haymaker that the bastard gave him.
After regaining control, Ignia stares at the devil man. "Nice hook. But it's gonna take a lot
more than physical strength to keep me grounded!"
I raise my hands and unleash two torrents of flames aimed at him.
Ignia gives me a deadpanned look. "Are you seriously attacking me with fire? I am the
Fire Dragon God; I AM FIRE! The moment it gets close, my body will absorb it in an
instant. YOU ARE MERELY MAKING ME STRONGER!"
As the fires got closer, Ignia made no effort to move. Why would he? He eats fire, thrives in
it. He may have hit the boy a little too hard if he is resorting to-why is everything cold all of a
sudden?
Ignia looks down and to his shock and bewilderment, he sees half of his body encased in
ice! "W-W-What!?"
Skill Level Up!
[Elemental Manipulation LVL. 2/10]
"As a certain hero once said 'fire so cold it burns'." I said. '[Element Manipulation] isn't
limited to just the four basic elements. I found that I can control [Plasma] to a certain degree
and, with the help of the grimoire, I was able to figure out how to use the [Plasma] to absorb
the heat of whatever it comes into contact with.' I stare as Ignia ferociously tries to break out
of the ice. 'Ignia's body temperature alone can melt everything around him in seconds, if I
can lower his internal temperature I might have a better chance to win.'
I fire another blast of plasma but this time Ignia retaliates with his dragon fire, causing the
two attacks to cancel each other out.
Ignia raises his body temperature causing the ice to melt in seconds. "Neat trick, but it
won't save you." His fist ignites as he rushes me at inhuman speeds. "Fire Dragon God's

Iron Fist!"
"Oh no, you don't!" I rush forward, my forearm engulfed in dark matter before it enlarges
transforming into a large arm seemingly made of black iron.
The two fists collide, resulting in a massive shockwave that changes the very landscape
around them. The surrounding mountains are blown away, the winds turn sharp and violent,
and the clouds simply cease to exist.
"No one has ever stopped my iron fist before. I'm impressed." Ignia remarks.
I scoff. "You call this an iron first? You must be joking." I grab the upper part of my arm.
"Let me show you a REAL Iron Fist!" The black forearm launches itself off my arm pushing
a shocked Ignia at high speeds.
"Argh!" Ignia growls as he tries to break away but can't due to the velocity. "!" He looks up
and sees two dragon skulls rushing towards him before opening their jaws, releasing two red
beams of energy.
*BOOM!*
I look on as a large cloud of dust rises from the distance.
[How long do you think he'll take?]
"A minute or so. I doubt he was hurt that badly." I stretch my hand out. "Still, I never thought
about using [Nemesis] that way until now."
[Imagination can be a key asset in any battle, especially for a person who uses
imagination as his primary weapon]
I smile as Ignia flies in with burning anger in his eyes. "This is getting me excited."
[Are you turning into a battle junkie?]
I shrug. "Probably." Ignia stops right in front of me. "Hey there, big guy. How was the fall?"
Ignia glares at me. "You bastard. This is the last time you're going to get the jump on
me."
"I doubt it, but hey, you're welcome to try." I shrug.
Ignia begins to release ridiculous amounts of magical energy into the atmosphere, causing the
very sky to turn a bright orange.
"Oh shit." I mumble as I stare at the sky.
"Witness the power of a GOD!" Ignia declares as fire pillars fall down from the sky.

"Dah!" I dodge the pillars as fast as I can, but the more I dodge the more they appear and the
closer they get to me!
[Look out!]
"!" Before I know it, I am engulfed in a massive pillar of flames.
Ignia looks on at the geological disaster he's made and can't help but be… disappointed.
"In the end, no one can match against the power of a true god." Ignia smirks. "At least
he served as a good appetizer." However, he quickly tenses as he senses something off. "?"
The fires in the maelstrom begin to turn purple before the pillar encroaches and implodes,
reducing it into nothing but purple embers.
The boy is revealed to be alive and well, his raven-black wings showing off their black
majesty. His coat, however, has been burned completely, only leaving his turtleneck and the
burns on his arms.
The only thing that stands out now is the black ribcage-like construct surrounding him. Out
of nowhere, six large skeletal hands appear behind him before black constructs slowly
manifest and rise towards the hands, attaching themselves to the bottom ends of the structures
to complete the arms.
"You know, I think I'm starting to like you Ignia. You are the first person to ever push me this
much. I've never even thought about fusing my Semblance with my magic until today." I said,
a smidge of excitement lazed in my voice.
The holes of each hand begin to glow an ominous purple as they aim directly at the dragon
god.
"You might wanna dodge, Ignia, because I don't know what'll happen when I fire them all at
once." I told him.
And Ignia did dodge. He dodged quickly.
The massive purple beams destroy everything they touch. The landscape was eviscerated in
seconds, changing everything in an instant!
Now, in the place of a desert is nothing but a blackened crater.
And yet somehow, Ignia is still alive.
Name: Ignia
Title: Fire Dragon God
Level: 129
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods

HP: 95,268
MP: 99,801
SP: 173,423
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Frustrated/Impressed
[Amazing. He managed to dodge six powerful attacks that were going as fast as the
speed of light. He may not be a true god, but his power isn't something to be scoff at]
'He also hasn't taken that much damage either and he still has a significant amount of MP.
It's clear that killing him will be a daunting task.' I thought.
"Heh." A sound escapes Ignia's mouth before evolving into full blown laughter. "I knew you
were interesting! I've never had this much fun in ages!" With an audible pop, his shoulder
is put back in place. "What did you say your name was…?"
Right, I never introduced myself. "My name is Asmodeus. Future Demon Lord."
"Asmodeus… it's clear that your magic exceeds that of the many mages I've
encountered in the centuries." Ignia states.
+54 Reputation with Ignia (44/100)
I give him a small bow. "Thank you. I'm happy that a complete novice like me can impress
someone like you."
The dragon god looks confused. "What are you talking about?"
Now it's my turn to look perplexed. "You mean you haven't noticed? My power isn't exactly
normal, it didn't come naturally to me like everyone in this world. Hell, I'm still trying to
make sense of it." I revealed. "Also, I don't really know how to fight hand-to-hand. Why do
you think I've been keeping my distance from you?"
Ignia was completely dumbstruck by this revelation. He was going toe-to-toe against a novice
mage? To say that he was insulted was an understatement. No, he was FURIOUS! How dare
this weakling underestimate him! He will incinerate this brat to the point even his very SOUL
burns!
… or at least, that's what he would normally do.
Instead, the dragon god found himself intrigued by this. When he first sensed that dark
power, he couldn't make heads or tails of it. He first thought that a powerful god had
descended from the heavens and into their world, or maybe it was his supposed "brother"
who defeated Acnologia. But a hatchling mage? The very thought never crossed his mind.
Though, if this is his current power… what sort of creature will he become once he masters
it?

"... You really are an enigma. Tell you what? I'll let you go but only if you can survive
one of my ultimate spells." Ignia told me.
I feel a lump forming in my throat as I swallow it. "Can't we talk about this…?"
"Nope!" Ignia's body ignites, forming into an orb of reddish flames that are so hot
that everything is melting.
It's like I'm staring right at the sun.
[Looks he's giving everything he has]
The constructs break and disappear. "I got nothing to top that…"
[We will surely die if we take it head on]
"Yeah. Ready partner?" I asked.
[Always]
"Take this! Crimson Lotus: Red Nova!" The red orb expands, evaporating everything
around it.
The orb becomes so large, it can be seen from space.
"HAAAAAAA!" I fly into the expanding red giant and grab it with my BARE HANDS.
"What!?" Ignia yells in clear shock.
"GAAAAAAARRRGH! THIS FUCKING HURTS!" I scream out, [Gamer's
Body] and [Gamer's Mind] overwhelmed by the sheer agony as my body burns to
nothing. "TOBI!"
[Activating Nemesis]
Dark energy begins to surround me and the red giant. Ignia suddenly feels his magic being
drained as the red giant slowly shrinks while his darkness grows.
Ignia flies out of the sphere. 'He is… absorbing my flames!? No, he's transmuting them,
making them his own!'
[The Nemesis is overloading! We must restart the system!]
"Not… yet…!" I said.
[You're tearing yourself apart! You'll die if you keep this up!]
I suddenly felt my [Aura] rupturing, causing incredible pain. "AAAAAAHHHHH!"
*BOOM!*

Ignia is blown back by the sudden explosion as it completely eviscerates everything within a
60-mile radius.
However, the energy is suddenly redirected upwards into space where it harmlessly
dissipates.
As Ignia flies down to the center of the explosion, he can't help but be shocked by what he
sees. Right in the middle is Asmodeus with half of his right torso gone, destroyed from the
explosion. Yet what astounds him the most is the fact he can still sense life brimming within
that broken shell and even more surprising is that dark energy is already healing him.
'You just keep on giving, don't you?' The dragon god thought. "Looks like it's your win,
kid."
Silver eyes stare at golden ones. "I… guess… so…"
Ignia stares at the boy. "Tell me, what prompted you to try and take my attack head on?
You would have surely died."
My arm begins to regrow. "I don't… know… but… it's not like… I… had… a lot of…
options…"
Ignia gives me a look. "You're an idiot, you know that?"
"Heh…" I struggle to smile, the pain is overwhelming.
Ignia's body is suddenly covered in flames as his silhouette begins to shrink to the size of a
human. When the flames fade, in the dragon's place is a toned, muscular man. His dark
orange hair is styled upwards, with the tips somewhat tinged and two strands framing the
sides of his head. He has several red tattoos on his upper body, including flame-like ones on
his face, a red sun that covers much of his left pectoral, and a tribal design that runs down his
left arm. His attire consists of loose pants with a fur lining in the middle: the top is darkcolored while the bottom is light. He wears a wrap around his waist, with an apron-like cloth
over his pants, bearing diamond shapes and an X-design. Bandages cover his right forearm,
and his accessories include three triangular dangling earrings on each ear, and a large gold
chain with a cross-shaped pendant around his neck.
"What? Were you expecting someone else?" Ignia asks.
"I was…. expecting a hot chick with big tits." I admit.
"You're lucky you won, otherwise you would be dead where you stand." Ignia growls as he
walks towards me.
"What are… you…?" I try to ask as Ignia does something unexpected and lifts me up.
"You can't move right now. I'll take you back home." He then aims his Killer Intent at me. "If
you ever tell anyone about this, I will kill you. Understand?"
Agreeing, Ignia walks into the sunset.

Later, in the evening
We see Torafuzar and Lamy moving some of the rubble away after the dragon god's initial
invasion. The rabbit Etherious was still affected by her master's words, despite Torafuzar
explaining that the reason he said that was to protect them, but didn't care. She was still a
proud demon from the book of Zeref and while Torafuzar didn't care, she HATED being
called weak.
Honestly, she hated most of the other Etherious in the guild. Every single one of them didn't
take her seriously or just simply killed her because she was weak. If it wasn't for the fact she
was in charge of Hell's Core and their resurrection she would have died ages ago.
"!" The two stop as they sense the familiar magical energy in the air before noticing
something on the horizon.
"He's here…!" Torafuzar said.
Lamy slips behind him. "What do we do!?"
"..." Torafuzar said nothing.
As the silhouette gets closer, their appearance becomes clearer. The two Etherious were
surprised by the appearance of a human instead of a massive dragon with their master
carrying him by his shoulders.
Ignia walks up to the two, his expression completely unreadable compared to his dragon
form.
"Here. He's your problem now." Ignia dumps Asmodeus' body right in front of them.
"Ow…" I said.
Torafuzar looks at his master before turning his attention to the man. "... you are that dragon."
"Yes I am. Are you angry at what I did to your master? Do you think you have a better
chance at beating me than him?" Ignia taunts.
Torafuzar doesn't respond to his probation. Instead, he kneels down and picks up his master.
Ignia scoffs. "Whatever. Besides I would rather fight him again rather than you weaklings. At
least he was interesting." Scales begin to appear as dragon wings sprout from his back. "Tell
him to get stronger. Stronger than he can possibly imagine. Only then we will settle the
matter." He then ascends and turns into his dragon form before opening a flaming vortex in
the sky and flies into it.
Quest Complete!
Quest: A Dragon's Challenge
Objective (Complete): Fight Ignia until he leaves

Rewards: 79,994 EXP, 60,100 Credits, Legendary Gacha Token
Level Up(x5)!
Legendary Gacha Token(x2)!
"Yay, he left…" I mumble before slipping back into unconsciousness.
"...let's go. We must get him back inside." Torafuzar turns around and walks back to the ruins
with Lamy soon in tow.
Unbeknownst to either of them, someone was watching them far above the clouds and
standing in front of the moon. She has the appearance of a buxom and a curvaceous woman
with her long blonde hair extending to her hips. For attire, Selene dons a loose kimono with
fur lining on the top while also having flower designs all over it as well as zigzag lines on its
edges. The back of her kimono has another layer of cloth with no intricate designs. Her head
is covered by a hood adorned with an upward crescent moon with a gem on top as well as a
pair of wings on each side. She also has a pair of socks while wearing wooden sandals.
Breast size: G-cup.
"To think there was someone who can actually push back Ignia. I must say, I am impressed."
The woman of the moon smiles. "Rest now, my little devil. We will meet very, very soon."
With that, she disappears into the moon.
Author Notes
And here it is. The next chapter of the story. I originally intended to have this as one big
chapter but I was too sleepy and really didn't know how to keep it going, so the next best
thing was to split it into two until I could come up with something.
Also, if you guys have any issues with this fight, let me remind you of something: despite
being a Gamer, the MC is not invincible. He can take hits from opponents stronger than him
but that doesn't mean he can dish the same pain back. Also Fire Dragon Slayer Magic is no
joke.
If Natsu's magic can destroy mountains, imagine them being amplified to the level of a god;
even he wouldn't be able to handle it.
So what does this mean for the MC's future? You'll just have to wait and see.
As always, leave a comment. Good, bad, it doesn't matter.
Peace~

Chapter 12: Fairy Tail: Maidens of the Moon
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
I stand in emptiness. There is nothing here. Or rather, there is nothing to this place.
An empty and shapeless existence. Something so primordial that contradicts everything in
creation.
It has no form, it has no meaning; a black slate with endless potential.
But I wasn't alone, not truly.
Standing before was something massive, its sheer size towers over everything I've seen. An
impossible existence born from an impossible outcome.
"What are you…?" The question was thrown on instinct like it's the natural thing to say.
Its eyelids twitch and slowly rise up, revealing a vibrant silver iris that's bigger than a
building. Its round pupil quickly becomes vertical as it stares directly at me..
I slowly open my eyes and the first thing I notice are the air bubbles rising above me. As my
sight gains more focus, I realize that I'm inside a tank.
"Oh, oh! Master is finally awake!" I turn to the sound and see Lamy's happy face glued to the
glass.
"Lamy…" My voice muffled due to being submerged in liquid.
"Just hold on, sir. I'll get you out." Lamy takes out a tablet from her lab coat and presses a
button.
Immediately, the liquid is drained out of the tank before the upper part splits from the rest of
the unit as the glass lowers down into the floor.

Lamy can't help but stare in awe at her master's form slowly closing in on her. While she
could make demons as beautiful as she wanted, they could never match the chiseled
perfection before her as well as a certain thing.
'Now that's a real sword.' Lamy thought with arousal.
"... how long have I been out?" I asked.
Lamy swallows her saliva as she tries to keep herself under control. "You've been
unconscious for 3 days, my lord."
'Three days? I'm surprised it wasn't a month.' I check my stats.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge
Race: Ę̸̰͓̙̄ R̴͙̻̫̞̂̎̿͒̎̿͋͆̑̇̚͝ͅ Ŗ̴̭̦͋ͅ Ơ̵̡͔͍̜̝̱̓̓̔̄ Ŗ̸͍̜̤̤̞̘͚̹̬̻͆̉͗͊̊͑̀̉̌̊̚͜͝
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 101
HP: 109,480 (10948 per minute)
MP: 142,710 (14271 per minute)
SP: 60,800 (6080 per minute)
AP: 112,410 (11241 per minute)
VIT: 2,737
STR: 4,959
DEX: 3,040
END: 2,939
INT: 2,838
WIS: 3,747
MAG: 4,757
LUK: 2,737
CHA: 3,343
Money: 5,000,461,546 Credits

'Huh?' Why isn't it showing my race?' I stare at the glitchy screen. 'This has never happened
before… and what was with that dream anyway? What was that thing?'
"Master…?" Lamy's voice snaps me out of my thoughts.
I snap my fingers and darkness wraps itself around my body before dissipating revealing my
outfit, much to Lamy's displeasure. "Where's Torafuzar?"
"He's outside cleaning the debris." Lamy sobs. "Our home was destroyed again, even after all
we've been through…"
'Hm, maybe I should try out my new skill.' I activate [Duplication] and suddenly thousands of
clones appear into being.
"Eep!" Lamy squeaks at the sudden appearance of my clones. "S-So many masters!"
'Huh. So that's how the skill works. It kind of reminds me of the Shadow Clones from
Naruto.' I look at all of the clones behind. "Can you all understand me?"
The clones nod.
"Good. I want you all to head outside and start the repairs on the Ruby Palace immediately." I
ordered.
""Roger Roger."" The clones all say in unison before they all vanish into darkness.
Skill Level Up!
[Duplicate LVL. 2/10]
I blink a few times at what I just saw. 'The clones have access to my skills, too!? I was not
expecting this!' While sure, having an army of mes at my beck and call would make any fight
piss easy, it also raises a couple of concerns. For one, there's the fact that the clones seem to
have a degree of sentience meaning they can make their own decisions. What if they decide
that they're better and start an insurrection? What if they decide to conquer the multiverse? A
bunch of questions like this brewed in my head as my paranoia continued to rise. However,
all of that ceased as [Gamer's Mind] took over and quelled my emotions.
I shake my head. 'No, don't think that. At the end of the day, I control the clones. If they get
too rowdy, I can just make them disappear. No need to worry.'
"Asmodeus-sama?" Lamy slowly approaches me.
"We can always rebuild our home so don't cry, Lamy. Tears don't suit that cute face of yours."
I pat her head.
Lamy's face went atomic as her master continued to give her affection.
"I'll be outside with everyone. If you need me, you know how." I said and walked away.

Lamy stands there frozen in place. The ambient sounds of the laboratory drown out the
elevator going up.
"He shows me kindness when everyone just ignores me. He gave me a purpose when
everyone would just kill me…" Lamy smiles. Tears fall from her puffy ruby eyes. "I
wonder… is this what humans call 'love'...?"
+13 Affection from Lamy (100/100)
I stare blankly at the roof of the elevator as it travels upwards.
[Alright, what's wrong this time?]
I blink at the question. "Y-You serious!? We just fought a literal dragon and we almost died! I
am STILL trying to process that!"
[Well, at least we're not dead]
"A-And you wanna know what the worst part is!" I let out a sign. "It was the best damn fight
I've ever been part of."
[...?]
"I mean, don't get me wrong, it was scary as fuck but as the fight went on, I… I just wanted
to see how far he could push me to my limits. I mean look!" Black skeletal arms appear right
behind me. "I would have never thought about doing this until Ignia showed up! It's basically
Susano'o from Naruto!" My smile turns wicked as the white in my eyes turn black. The
elevator begins to shake violently, almost like it's been possessed.
[I think you need to calm down]
[Gamer's Mind] quickly takes over and the adrenaline quickly drains out of my system. "I
don't know what came over me…"
[Your powers are tied to your emotional state. This is why {Gamer's Mind} exists.
Without it, you wouldn't be able to control it]
I take a deep breath. "Okay… I'll keep that in mind." I open my inventory and take out my
two [Golden Gacha Tokens]. "Time to see what I got."
You got the following from the Golden Gacha Token:
[Drago Meteor LVL. 1/10]
Cost 130 SP
Allows the user to summon down comets from the sky.
Deals 6999 Damage

Dragon Plate - Rank: B
One of the 16 Plates of Arceus, the Alpha Pokemon. It boosts STR and END by 20%
while boosting Dragon-type abilities by 80% but lowers Ice and Fairy Magic resistance
by 20%.
"Huh, neat." I stare at the floating [Dragon Plate]. "So, how do I equip you exactly?"
As if answering my question, the [Dragon Plate] dives in and phases into my chest.
"Oh, well that answers that question." I mutter, "I wonder what else I haven't used yet."
Digging through my pocket dimension, I pull out the first thing my hand grabs onto.
"The [Stand Arrow]."
[What are you going to do with it?]
Without a second thought, I stab myself in the chest with the arrow.
*BA~BUMP!*
"Ugh, I'm gonna be sick…!" A bizarre sensation flows through my body. It feels… corrosive
and painful. It spread like a virus, desperately fighting against my body before it immediately
ceased as a pop-up screen appeared.
*CLANK*
I look at the [Stand Arrow] on the ground and notice there's no blood before turning my
attention to my chest and see no wound at all, like it never happened.
Congratulations on passing the trail of the arrow! You have acquired a [Stand]!
Name: ?
Destructive Power: ?
Speed: ?
Range: ?
Durability: ?
Precision: ?
Development Power: ?
"Strange. Shouldn't there at least be something?" I mentally command my [Stand] to
manifest.
… but nothing happened.
"... this is gonna be harder than I thought."

*DING~*
The elevator stops and the doors as sunlight slowly engulfs the box. The first thing I see are
my clones already working hard restoring the tower. They're using [Dark Matter] to restore
the debris and putting them back where they're supposed to be. The gardens regrown and
water is being rerouted to where it's supposed to be.
I pick up the arrow and put it back into my pocket dimension before walking out.
"Hey boss," I turn to one of my clones. "The southwest side is nearly finished. At our current
rate, we should start working on the place by the afternoon."
I nod. "Good. Keep me posted on anything else."
The clone salutes. "Okay, boss!" He then dashes off to work.
[Your clones are very diligent and obey your orders to the letter]
"Yeah, it's almost scary really." I remarked.
[I wonder where Torafuzar is. Lamy said he was cleaning debris]
"He shouldn't be too far." I pass by many clones as I look around before I finally find him.
"OI!"
Torafuzar looks up from his resting place as he sees his master approaching. "You're the
original, right? I'm glad to see you awake."
"Umu. I'm back and in top shape." I assured him.
The Etherious nods. "That is good. Lamy was very worried about you. She refused to leave
your side."
"I see…" I turn my attention to the reconstruction. "She told me that you've been out here
clearing debris. Have you been out here ever since I was inside the tank?"
"You created this tower, this home out of the ruins of our old one. To see it destroyed in such
a matter is an insult to your sacrifice." Torafuzar states with vigor.
"So you've spent the last three days trying to fix it. While I am touched, I can't allow you to
push yourself like this for my sake." I told him. "You deserve to rest."
Torafuzar smiles. "That's the same thing your doppelgängers said to me when they first
appeared."
"Well, they're me so of course they'd think the same." I chuckle and Torafuzar follows suit.
"Ara, ara~ I'm happy to see that you're up and about, my little devil." A female voice said.

"!?" The two of us are startled by the voice and then suddenly all of the clones pop out of
existence.
*DING!*
[Spatial anomaly detected!]
"!" I look around frantically. "Where!?"
"Asmodeus-sama!" Torafuzar points up and I quickly follow that direction. In the sky is a
circular tear and sitting on the edge is a woman in a semi-loose kimono.
"The hell!?" I exclaimed.
[Is she… sitting on a spatial vortex?]
"My name is Selene. You may know me as one of the Dragon Gods of Guiltina." The woman,
Selene, introduces herself.
Name: Selene
Title: Moon Dragon God, Queen of the Stars, Leader of the Moonlight Divinities
Level: 127
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods, Moonlight Divinities
HP: 107,845
MP: 277,467
SP: 288,788
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interesting/aroused
'The fuck!?'
"Another dragon god…" Torafuzar mutters out loud.
[Despite being two levels lower than Ignia, she's powerful enough to destroy the clones
with her presence alone]
"What do you want?" I asked.
"Straight to the point. I like you." Selene's smile's both alluring and full of mischief. "To put
it simply, you interest me. Not everyone can fight toe to toe with Ignia and live to tell the
tale."
"Um, thanks." I said.

"I want to see that power up close and personal, so…" Selene points at me. "I want you to
join me."
"Huh!?"
"I've been observing you. Your magical power is nothing like I've ever seen, and I've seen
many things." She extends her hand to me. "So, what do you say? Not a bad offer, yes?"
I grit my teeth in frustration. Is that all that I am to them? A source of entertainment!?
"Hm? Not good enough? Then how about this: if you don't join me," Selene's smile turns
cruel. "I will destroy Earthland."
"Huh!?"
"We won't allow it!" Torafuzar declares before a large hole appears on his torso.
The viewpoint shifts to show smoke coming from Selene's raised index finger.
"Disgusting creatures should know their place." Selene sneered.
Torafuzar collapses to the ground clutching the wound as I make a call. "Lamy, get up here
ASAP. We have a problem."
"Right away!" Lamy exclaims and I hang up before turning my attention back to Selene.
"Those eyes… pure as the moon yet shadowed by darkness… a [New Moon]… it makes me
want them all to myself~" Selene remarks.
A [Gaster Blaster] appears and fires at Selene, but the dragon woman simply jumps off the
tear and deflects it with her hand. Light engulfs her as her body goes bigger as da suddenly
turns into night. A full moon hangs up in the sky illuminating everything.
In place of the beautiful woman is a massive dragon with white-silver scales and white fur,
horns that curved to the back of her head giving it the appearance of a crescent moon, and red
fur on her elbows. She has nine massive fox tails with red at the ends, making her appear
more like a kitsune (nine-tailed fox) than a dragon.
"Now let us go… to my world." The moon lights up as I shield my eyes, the light becoming
too overwhelming for me to bear.
When it fades, both Selene and I are gone.
Torafuzar uses all of his strength to stand up, "Asmodeus… sama."
"TORAFUZAR-SAN!"
The shark demon turns to the voice. "Lamy…"
Lamy stops running as she sees the massive hole in his chest. "What happened…?"

"A woman… calling herself the Moon Dragon God… kidnapped Asmodeus-sama."
Torafuzar states.
"A Dragon God!?" Lamy exclaims in clear fright. 'And it's a WOMAN!?'
"Ugh!" Torafuzar gets on his knees as large amounts of blood fall to the ground.
"Let's go. We need to get you to [Satan's Soul]." Lamy lightly cringes at the name. "I'm sure
Asmodeus-sama's got everything under control."
Meanwhile
"aaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!" I scream as I fall from the sky. As
for how that happened, it's simple: that bitch Selene transported me into another dimension
and vanished without a trace like she went to buy milk.
"Shit, shit, shit!" I yell as the ground gets closer and closer.I activate [Nemesis] and my
descend halts altogether.
[It seems we're in an entirely different dimension]
"Are we in Edolas?" I asked. Fairy Tail is known for having bizarre arcs. One of which was
when the guild was kidnapped and Team Natsu, with the help of Mystogan, follows after
them and ends up in Edolas, an alternate version of Earthland. There, the gang met alternate
versions of themselves, all of them acting differently than their Earthland counterparts.
[No. Unlike Edolas, this dimension is brimming with Ethernano. However, unlike
Earthland, this dimension is overflowing with Magical Power to the point that regular
humans will explode if they set foot in here]
"So… where are we?" Suddenly the ground begins to shake and a massive white hand
emerges from the earth. "What the hell!?"
[It's a hand]
"I can see that, Tobi, but where did it come from?" A weird pattern suddenly rises on the
hand before it smacks me away with incredible strength.
"AH!" I tried to regain control but I was going too fast before crashing somewhere, leaving a
large crater in the process.
I climb out of the crater and dust myself. "What the hell was that thing?"
[It seemed to react to our magical energy which explains its sudden pause between
actions]
I look up and see that I'm in front of some kind of village. "Those are some odd buildings, but
what's even odder is that no one has come to investigate the commotion."
[Something's off]

"!" I turn around to see a group of what appear to be humanoid shadows slowly approaching
me.
"What are you?" I use [Observe] on them.
Name: Lifeform
Level: 1
HP: 4
MP: 0
SP: 0
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 34/100]
[They seem to be made of pure Magical Energy, they're basically constructs]
"If they're just constructs then…" I slap my hands together as my shadow begins to contort
before spreading outwards covering the entire area.
The Lifeforms try to move only to begin sinking into the ground. They try to resist but they
are quickly swallowed.
[I see. Instead of fighting them, you used your Semblance's transmutation ability to
simply convert them into Dark Matter since they were simply magical energy given life.
Clever]
"You cleared out my pets without much difficulty. I can see why Selene-sama is so interested
in you."
I look up and see someone standing at the edge of a cliff. She is a woman wearing a white
and red yukata giving her the appearance of a shrine maiden. She has kitsune-like facial
features and black hair styled in a unique old fashioned hairstyle. Breast size: E-cup.
"Judging by that statement, you must be with Selene." I surmised as I used [Observe] on her.
"Indeed. Allow me to be the first to welcome you to the land of Elentear." Yoko jumps off the
cliff and graciously descends down before landing a few feet away from me. "I am one of
Selene-sama's bodyguards, the [Moonlight Divinities]. My name is Yoko, but you can call
me [Yoko of the Demons' Parade]."
Name: Yoko

Title: Yoko of the Demons' Parade
Level: 65
Affiliation: Moonlight Divinities
HP: 45,766
MP: 78,012
SP: 30,001
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Unsuitable for Selene
"Asmodeus." I introduced myself.
"An ugly name, perfect for an inferior creature such as yourself." Yoko mocks.
I ignore the jab and continue, "what's Elentear?"
"I am not surprised a brute like you does not know of our existence. But I will explain it to
you in a way even a monkey can understand," Yoko remarks. "Elentear is the world you are
in now. A world superior to Earthland in every way."
"I've noticed. This world is oversaturated with Magical Energy. Anyone would have exploded
from the exposure." I said. "I suppose since you've lived here all your life, your body has
adapted to this environment."
"Wow, so you do have a brain in there after all. Yes, thanks to this we are much more resilient
and more powerful than you Earthland mages. But I am more special because I was chosen
personally by Selene-sama herself." Yoko declares.
"Was it because of your face? Because it is pretty funny looking." Yoko's eye twitches. "Or
maybe it's because you dress like you're from a century ago. She probably gets a laugh from
seeing you acting like an entitled brat."
Yoko grits her teeth. "That's it! You've just sealed your face!" She weaving hand signs and a
creature seemingly made of bandages with sharp fangs and claws appears. "[Demon's
Parade: Ittan-Momen]!"
Quest Unlocked!
Quest: Black Moon
Selene sent you to another dimension without permission! Find her and discover her
true motives.
Objective 1: Defeat the Moonlight Divinities (0/3)

Objective 2: Locate Selene
Reward: 78,523 EXP, 50,119 Credits, Skills, Items, Uncommon Gacha Token
The Yokai flies at me at impressive speeds but I use [Sonido] just before it can trap me in its
bandages. I send a fireball at the monster, but it simply phases through it like nothing. "Huh?"
"Useless! Your magic is no match for my [Spirit Arts]!" Yoko mocks. "Now, [Demon's
Parade: Fire Cart]!"
A flame carriage-like Yokai with cat-features appears and charges forward, leaving a trail of
fire in its path.
"Whoa!" I move out of the way, avoiding the summon's path of destruction.
"Is dodging all you can do? I was expecting more from Selene-sama's chosen human, but
you're nothing short of pathetic!" She weaves more hand signs. "[Demon's Parade: Smoke
Warrior]!" Smoke rises from nowhere before it forms into a giant with beady red eyes.
"Oh, crapbaskets…"
"This is the power of [Yokai]!" The smoke summon reels its arm back before sending it
down on me, covering the area with smoke.
Inside, I stare as the smoke floats around me. 'This smoke is likely laced with something. It's a
good thing I don't need to breathe.'
[She's skilled. It takes her at least less than a second to weave hand signs and she can
summon her monsters in succession without repercussions. From the looks of things,
magic is ineffective against her summons, likely due to them being 'Spirit Arts'
whatever that means]
I think about it for a moment. 'Yokai is another term for demon, right? So, an anti-demon
weapon should be effective against them.'
[That might work, but we know next to nothing about this world's magic system. For all
we know 'Yokai' is just a word used to classify these summons and they're not actual
demons]
'Only one way to find out.' I activate [Elemental Manipulation] and unleash a massive
whirlwind that scatters all of the smoke. I open my [Inventory] and pull out my [Sentinel
Battle Axe] from the void.
Yoko gags at seeing the ax. "Gross. It certainly suits an ugly man-thing like you."
I swing the ax and fire a red wave of energy.
Yoko merely scoffs at the attack. "Foolish, no matter what you do, nothing can stop
my [Yokai]." The [Smoke Warrior] reforms in front of her, but the summon is sliced in half.

Yoko's eyes widen before she is forced to dodge the attack herself. She looks up as the
buildings and even the cliff behind are sliced in an instant.
Needless to say, she is dumbfounded.
"[Yokai] may be native to this dimension, but they are no different from a [Demon]." I point
my ax at Yoko. "And I have plenty of experience in that department."
Yoko levitates upwards and sends me a glare. "Don't get so full of yourself, outsider!" She
summons her [Fire Cart] and [Ittan-Momen]. "Attack!"
The two [Yokai] charged to attack, but I was ready.
The [Ittan-Momen] tries to capture me with its bandages, but I dodge roll to the left before
quickly dashing forward. It tries to grab me again but I cut the bandages with ease before
delivering a series of slashes at the bandage demon, leaving it in pieces.
Skill Level Up!
[Movement Mastery LVL. 27/100]
The [Fire Cart] tries to run me over again, but this time I don't move away. Instead, I raise
the ax above my head and bring it down just as it was about to collide with me, effectively
splitting its body into two.
I waste no time and charge at Yoko to end it but the woman summons a Khakkhara to block
the incoming attack.
"Well, well, look who has the upper hand now." I smirk.
Yoko struggles against my strength. "Don't be so arrogant! So what if you've beaten
my [Yokai]!? You won't win so long as I live!" She kicks me away and leaps back to make
distance. "This time, I won't let you escape!" She weaves hand signs and hundreds
of [Yokai] appear to surround us.
"This is the true form of the [Parade of 100 Demons]… An infinite Spirit Art. The '100' is
just a metaphor for large numbers. Do you know what that means!?" A mocking smile forms
on her face. "I can summon an infinite number of [Yokai]!"
My eyes scan all of the different Yokai she's summoned. Most of them I recognize from other
sources of media.
"You may as well give up now. Maybe I'll be nice and ask Selene-sama to spare you so I can
make you my pet." Yoko said.
[We should show her that we mean business]
I give the prideful woman a boring look. "You really need to stop underestimating me." I
activate [Duplication] and conjure thousands of clones, all of them with copies of
the [Sentinel Battle Axe] in hand.

Yoko's eyes are about to pop out of their sockets at the sheer number of copies.
"Get them!" I order and clones obey.
It was a massacre.
The Yokai are no match for the clones. The [Sentinel Battle Axe], just like any Sentinel
weapon, was designed for the purpose of demon extermination. No matter what attacks they
mustered, the clones easily got through their defenses and dispatched them.
Skill Level Up!
[Duplication LVL. 3/10]
"No… no this can't be happening!" Yoko cries before she senses danger. "!" She moves her
staff to the side but it's no use and is split in half.
*POOF*
In place of Yoko's body is a small paper doll on the floor.
"Huh?"
*PING*
I grab Yoko's incoming kick before slamming her body to the ground and cleave her head in
two.
*POOF*
Another paper doll.
My eyebrow twitches. "Seriously…?" I look up to see dozens of clones floating in the air.
"Now… where could I have gone? Hahahahahahaha!" The Yoko clones laugh at me.
I sigh and, with a swipe of my hair, summon dozens of black energy swords forming a ring
around me before launching themselves at the clones at inhuman speeds, eliminating them all
except one who tries to block it too late and it runs her through the left side.
"*Cough* H-How!? You're not using [Spirit Arts]! You shouldn't be able to hurt me!" Yoko
cries as she coughs blood.
"That's because I'm not. There's more than one source of power I can tap." I cooly state.
[Aura, and by extension a Semblance, are manifestations of the soul. They are our core
beings given form. Spirit Arts mean jack against someone who can use their very soul as
a weapon]
I jump upwards and deliver a Haymarket that sends her flying straight to the ground like a
meteorite.

I slowly descend as I stare at the crater with a bored expression. "This is what happens when
you look down on me. Maybe next time, you should take caution on who you belittle or else
you'll find yourself a foot in the grave."
A hand rises from the crater and Yoko struggles to pull herself out. Her outfit is practically
ruined, the left side of the robe is completely gone revealing the bandages on her ample chest
as well as the bloody hole just below it.
Yoko pants as she places her hand on the wound. "I… can see now why Selene-sama went
through the effort of bringing you here. You are not like… any Earthland mage I've seen…"
"Who ever said I'm from Earthland?" I bluntly said.
Yoko just looks surprised. "So that's it, now I understand… it was foolish of me to treat you
as lesser." She straightens herself, ignoring the searing pain in her abdomen. "It's been a
while, but I ought to use that against you, huh…"
My brows furrowed at the sudden surge of power coming from her. "What is she doing…?"
An aura surrounds Yoko as her body begins to change. Black tattoos spread all over her body
as her clothes are replaced with bandages that cover her private parts and gains a black cape.
Large horns protrude from her head and grow upwards as her hair becomes wilder. Finally
two new arms appear, each wielding a pair of swords.
'Her wounds have healed.' I thought.
"This is it. I… have used my [Spirit Art] to turn myself into a [Yokai]." Yoko points her
swords at me. "[Outer Path: Ohmagatoki]."
[Interesting, her technique is similar to Lucy's Star Dress yet I can see the
transformation is draining her remaining magical reserves. It's probably because she
doesn't use this form often that she hasn't built any resilience to its drawbacks]
I continue to stare before assuming a fighting stance.
"Get ready… I'm ending this in one blow!" Yoko's body flickers out of existence, leaving a
cloud of dust before reappearing a few feet away from me. "This is the END!"
"!" My fist ignites in dark crimson flames before thrusting my right arm forward sending a
flaming fist that collides with Yoko's solar plexus.
*BOOM!*
The resulting collision creates a shockwave that levels the entire area behind her, destroying
the village and the mountains.
"GUACK!" Yoko throws up large quantities of blood, her eyes rolling into the back of her
head. The pain was so intense that it undoes her transformation before falling limply to the
ground, leaving her only in her underwear.

Name: Yoko
Title: Yoko of the Demons' Parade
Level: 65
Affiliation: Moonlight Divinities
HP: 5,222
MP: 18,012
SP: 10,156
AP: 0
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 35/100]
[Amazing. Even after all of that, she is still alive. Normally such a direct hit would be
fatal. I guess she wasn't kidding when she said the people of Elentear are more resilient]
I look at my right hand as the flames are extinguished. It felt… off. The color of the flames is
more intense, more darker than what I remembered.
[You're not going to go finish her off?]
"Now why would I do that?" I drop on my knees and use [Heal] on her. "Killing her would
mean Team Natsu doesn't get stronger, and they have to get stronger or else they won't be
able to finish their quest."
[Wait, so you don't wanna beat Ignia?]
"His plans for the world are none of my concern. Though if he blows up my house again then
he'll wish he was never born." I scoff. "Still, calling himself the supreme being of the world is
a bit presumptuous. I doubt he'll be able to fight against an actual supreme being and
survive."
[That would be an interesting fight to watch though]
"Oh, definitely." I said as I finished healing Yoko.
Skill Level Up!
[Heal LVL. 2/10]
Meanwhile
Selene watches her guest heal Yoko before flying away.

"Poor Yoko-chan, perhaps this will teach her not to blatantly insult her adversaries. You never
know what they may have up their sleeves." She takes a sip of sake. "Despite him holding
back, that wasn't normal fire magic. I wonder…" She looks at her guest now finding himself
in a snow-riddled area. "Keep going, my little devil. There's still more where that came
from."
I stare as the snow rises from the ground and into the sky. "This is really weird." I raise my
hand and snow buildings up in my palm. "Very weird."
[It sells the idea that we're in an alternate reality, doesn't it?]
"Yes, it does." I wipe the snow off my hands and start walking. "Still, did Selene bring me
here just to test me or is there more to it?"
[We won't know unless we find her which probably easier said than done]
I hum in agreement. As I continue walking, the wind picks up and suddenly I am caught in a
blizzard.
"... there's no point in hiding. Come on out." I ordered.
A silhouette slowly makes its way through the storm as it becomes clearer the closer it gets.
She's a woman with long light blue hair with a rose pin on her right side. She keeps her eyes
closed and has a visible mole right under her lower lip. She wears an old-style Japanese
yukata with intricate designs that is the same color as her hair. Breast size: D-cup.
"Nice to meet you. I am one of the [Moonlight Divinities]. I am [Hakune of the Snow,
Moon, and Flowers].
Name: Hakune
Title: Hakune of the Snow, Moon, and Flowers
Level: 67
Affiliation: Moonlit Divinities
HP: 47,824
MP: 80,067
SP: 30,001
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Intrigue
"I'm guessing you're the one controlling this blizzard. Which means you use an ice [Spirit
Art], correct?" I surmised.

Hakune simply continues to smile. "Ara, what a smart man. Indeed, my [Spirit Art] is the
concept of [Freezing] itself."
So, she can freeze everything. Great.
[Something tells me this isn't gonna be an easy fight]
"There are only women among the [Moonlit Divinities]. To be honest, looking at you right
now…" Hakune opens her eyes and the moment she does, she unleashes a wave of bloodlust.
"... makes me want to kill you." Then she does something unexpected. She undoes the ribbon
on her back, loosening the robes covering her body.
"What…?" I was not expecting this.
As soon as she took off the yukata, I wasn't greeted with a naked female body but instead ice
covered parts of her body. Her arms and legs are covered in a light sheet of ice with two
"tails" coming from her back as her breasts are kept in place by a bikini armor made entirely
of ice.
The blizzard suddenly stops as ice shards begin to float ominously beside her.
"How wonderful. It seems that I, Hakune, get to have you all to myself." Hakune raises her
left arm. "[Diamond Effect]." She blasts me with ice and snow.
"Huh!?" I look down to see my hand quickly turning into ice as does the rest of my body. "No
way…! Why isn't my [Aura] working!?"
"My [Spirit Art] freezes [Magic Power]… [Curse Power]… [Spirit Arts]... Indeed, any
power that cannot be seen." Hakune states.
"D-Damm…!" Is all I manage to say before I am completely frozen solid.
Hakune approaches her new statue. "Ahh… such a lovely gentleman..." She caresses its face.
"May you sleep in my ice for eternity."
"Don't be so sure about that."
"!" Hakune turns but is too late to stop the fist from colliding with her face, breaking the
statue behind her and sending her crashing to the ground.
When she looks up, her eyes widen as the man she just froze a second ago is not only out but
also in flames.
Hakune glances at one of the pieces of the statue in the snow. "H-How…!?" She then looks at
me.
"You could say that I had some help." Something appears beside me. It is a humanoid
creature with a height and build similar to mine. It wears a headpiece that covers its face
completely leaving only a visor to see. Its body is a black bodysuit clad in gray armor plates
with blue highlights on its knees, elbows, shoulder pads, and the back of its hands.

"W-What is that…?" Hakune asked.
Flashback
"D-Damm…!" Is all I manage to say before I am completely frozen solid.
But then I wasn't.
"I'm still conscious…?" I look around as the world turns into a void while Hakune slowly
walks up to me in slow motion, leaving a sort of afterimage of what she's going to do.
I take a step back and I phase out of the ice statue like it doesn't even exist. "I know this
power… but that means-!" I look beside me and see a humanoid creature floating right next
to me.
"You're my stand, aren't you? And this ability… it's [King Crimson]'s [Time Erasure]." A
smile forms as I let out a chuckle. "Oh, this is gonna be FUN!"
Flashback end
"This is my power. It's called a [Stand]!"
Hakune just looks surprised before she smirks. "It doesn't matter what that thing is, nothing
can stand against my [Freezing]." She uses her [Diamond Effect] again only for the man to
disappear on the spot. "!?"
"MUDA!" A kick in the legs sends the snow woman spiraling to the snow.
'It talks, too!? And it even says muda!' I exclaimed.
"Guck!" Hakune crawls forward ignoring the sheer agony she's in. The view shifts to show
that both of her legs are absolutely broken with her bones poking out of the skin.
"Welp, I guess that's that. You can't dance anymore, not unless you're a masochist." I said.
Hakune glares at me.
I walk towards her and drop on my knees. "Say, before you die from blood loss, I have a
question for you," I grab her chin to meet my eye level. "Where can I find Selene?"
Hakune's only reply is a glare full of hatred.
"Maybe I wasn't clear enough." I snap my fingers and my [Stand] punches one of her already
broken legs.
"AAAAHHHHHHH!" Hakune lets out an ear-piercing scream.
"Now, I'll ask again…" The white in my eyes turns black. "Where. Is. Selene?"
"B-Blackmoon Mountain… Her temple is at the top of Blackmoon Mountain." Hakune
answers.

I smile. "See? That wasn't so bad, was it?"
"Fuck you…" Hakune growls.
"Careful, I might just make that a reality~" I give her a toothy grin which frightens the snow
woman. "Anyways, I think it's time for you to go to sleep." I bash her head, knocking her out
instantly before quickly healing her.
Skill Level Up!
[Heal LVL. 3/10]
"Alright, to Blackmoon Mountain!" I said and took off.
Selene's Temple
"He beat Hakune already? He sure does not waste time." Selene giggles. "His new spirit is
also interesting." She knows teleportation magic and that certainly wasn't it. What was even
stranger was that her cup was empty yet she only had it refilled a minute ago. No form of
magic, no matter how potent, could mess her sense of time that badly.
"He just keeps on giving, doesn't he? Selene stands up. "I'm going to take a bath. It would be
unsightly to meet my guest when I'm this dirty."
Her handmaids bowed. "Yes, Selene-sama."
As I fly through the moonlit sky, my mind is currently preoccupied by a glaring problem.
"Hm… I wonder what I should call it. [King Crimson] is definitely off the table." I said.
[Well, do you know any bands or songs?]
"Well, I've never exactly been into music." I scratch my chin thinking, "How about
Blackout?"
[A little too on the nose, don't you think?]
"West?"
[Are you even taking this seriously?]
"Metallica?"
[Already taken]
"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger."
[That's a bit of a mouthful]

I can see the mountain on the horizon. It has a very high summit and is surrounded by
multiple peaks while its base is surrounded by a forest.
"Let's put it on hold for now. We're here." I fly down and land at the edge of the summit.
I look up and at the peak of the mountain is what appears to be a traditional Japanese
Buddhist temple. It is a three-storied pagoda with multiple eaves.
"That must be it." I comment while staring at the temple. "Geez, and I thought my [Ruby
Palace] was tacky."
"Stop right there!"
"Right on schedule." I grunted in annoyance before turning to greet my next victim. She has a
massive, muscular frame, pink hair, and black eyes as well as a scar going across her nose
and a tattoo on her right shoulder. She wears a karate gi outfit with ripped sleeves. Her hair is
shaved on the sides, and she completes her attire by wearing getas with socks. Breast size: Gcup.
"I am the [Moonlit Divinities]' [Mimi the Immovable]." The giant woman, Mimi,
introduced. "And I will stop you from entering Selene-sama's temple."
Name: Mimi
Title: Mimi the Immovable
Level: 70
Affiliation: Moonlit Divinities
HP: 50,137
MP: 80,698
SP: 53,789
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Must not pass
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 36/100]
"Tch, I don't have time for this. Let's see if you live up to your title." I use [Sonido] and
vanish leaving only a static sound.
Mimi arches an eyebrow before her opponent reappears in front of her and delivers a
powerful uppercut.
However, Mimi's neck didn't move. In fact, she didn't even flinch at all.

"Huh?" Even I was taken back.
"Pitiful." She grabs my face and slams me to the ground.
-12,475 Damage (-50%)
106,173/112,410 AP
109,480/109,480 HP
"Goodbye." Mimi sends a punch only for the intruder to disappear. "!" She looks up and sees
me standing just a few feet away.
"That power you just used, it's different from what you just used before." Mimi comments.
"That punch… normally it would have ripped your head off your neck. Yet, you waved it
right off." I remarked.
Mimi scratches her chin. "Hm, I did feel a slight itch when you hit me."
"Tell me, does your [Spirit Art] enhance your physical abilities?" I asked.
Mimi nods. "My [Spirit Art] is [Immovable]. I use the [Spira] of the land to enhance
myself."
[If that's true, then her power is basically limitless. However, using such a technique
must put an enormous strain on the body if not properly trained, though it doesn't seem
like she has that sort of limitation]
I crack my neck. "I see. Then I'll just have to hit harder." I rush forward.
Mimi pulls her right arm back. "[Immovable Palm]!" She pushes her arm forward, releasing
a powerful beam.
I see the incoming attack and dodge it. I turn back to see that the beam pierced right through
the mountain rock.
[I don't think I should tell you this, but don't get hit by that thing, okay?]
I summon multiple hands with the [Perseverance] trait. "I need to cut her connection to the
Spira." Black spikes form inside the hands before they charge in.
"[Immovable Blade]!" Mimi waves her arm in an arc, creating an invisible force that slices
through the [Chromas] with ease.
"Whoa!" I jump high before the wave can reach me and cleaves all of the rocks behind me.
"You have no form." Mimi remarks. "You throw attack after attack hoping that something
might stick. That is not how fighting works."
I shrug, "Well, it's worked for me so far."

Mimi stares at me. "It's obvious you require discipline."
I raise my hand and it ignites. "Then, by all means, show me what you got."
Mimi charges forward, reeling her arm back before pushing it forward as I follow suit. The
two fists collide resulting in a massive shockwave of energy and flames.
Selene is relaxing in her hot springs as the castle shakes a little.
"Hm, those children can be so rowdy. I will have to punish Mimi for disrupting my bath."
Selene said.
Energy ripples throughout the area as the two struggle are locked in a tug of war with neither
of them giving up.
"Urgh… you will never reach Selene-sama!" Mimi declares.
I look at Mimi with a determined look in my eyes. "You know… I still owe you for slamming
me into the dirt… so how about a little [Payback]!?" My [Stand] manifests and delivers an
onslaught of punches at lightning speeds.
"MUDA, MUDA, MUDA, MUDA, MUDA, MUDA, MUDA, MUDA, MUDA, MUDA!"
The relentless assault pushes Mimi back.
I hum a bit. 'Hm… [Payback]... that's not a bad name.' I then jump upwards, "as if I'll give
you time to recover!" I descend down with a flying kick that hits Mimi's left shoulder. The
resulting momentum kicks up a storm with chunks of rock and clouds of dust into the air.
"!" Mimi's expression was that of shock and bewilderment. She felt it… she actually felt it!
"And for my next trick!" I coat my right leg with electricity and hit her in the face. I then
twist my body and change my center of gravity, pulling Mimi forward and launching her
across the area, crashing into several rocks in the process.
I straighten myself as I turn to where I threw the giant woman. "How's that for discipline!?"
From the rubble, a fist punches through the rocks before the rest of the body soon follows.
Mimi's outfit has a few bits missing but the woman herself is mostly unharmed aside from a
few bruises.
She takes her hand to her face and pulls her nose back into place.
"Say… did you know that all souls are different?" I asked. "Each of them possesses a "trait"
unique to that person." I close my eyes and open them revealing them to be blue now.
"!" Mimi's body gains a blue outline as she stops in her tracks.

"I've never tried using this skill like this, so please bear with it." I wave my hand up and
Mimi rises to the sky before plummeting down to the earth with a loud thud.
Multiple energy swords appear and launch themselves to where Mimi fell, leveling the place
while a giant blaster finishes charging up above it.
"And this… is it." I snap my fingers.
The blaster fires causing a massive explosion that illuminates the right side of the mountain.
At the same time
"Ugh!" Selene grunts as she covers her eyes from the intense light. "This is getting out of
hand!"
"No way…" I mutter under my breath.
The smoke dissipates, revealing a still standing Mimi although the top portion of her gi is
almost gone.
[This chick's endurance is insane!]
"I see now. It was a mistake to believe you didn't know how to fight. While you lack
experience in hand-to-hand, you clearly have a full grasp of your abilities." She then kneels
and bows. "Please accept my deepest apologies."
[Well, she seems nicer than the other divinities]
"T-That's not really necessary." I was completely caught off guard.
"Very well," Mimi slowly stands up. "In recognition of your strength, I shall use my full
power. HOOHAAH!" A white aura envelops her as her body levitates off the ground.
I can't help but smile. "You just keep on surprising me."
"There is nothing that cannot be done through the power of fighting spirit." Mimi declares as
she takes in more Spiria into herself. "This is known as… Levitation!"
[Looks like she has entered her second phase. Get ready]
"HOOHAH! [IMMOVABLE FIST]!" Mimi punches the air creating a shockwave that
sends me flying.
"[Dragon Pulse]!" I inhale and unleash a multicolored dragon-shaped beam of energy at her.
"I won't let you!" Mimi uses [Immovable Blade] to destroy the attack.
I crouch and manage to avoid it by a hair.

Mimi launches herself for a flying kick. "[Immovable Kick]!"
"[Payback]! Time is erased!" Time is erased and Mimi's kick phases through my head.
"Hah…" I stand up and move out of the way.
[Mimi is tougher than we thought. Her level clearly doesn't match up with her battle
experience]
I use [Observe] on her.
Name: Mimi
Title: Mimi the Immovable
Level: 70
Affiliation: Moonlit Divinities
HP: 39,007
MP: 71,208
SP: 33,789
AP: 0
"At this rate, she'll overpower me. There's got to be a way to bypass her defenses." I said.
[Time is almost up]
"Shit…" I try to think of what to use and then an idea quickly appears. "I got it!"
Time resumes to normal and Mimi kicks a boulder high into the air instead of her opponent
like she was expecting.
"Hey!" Mimi turns and sees me along with four other clones.
"You can summon a doppelganger [Yokai]!?" Mimi exclaims.
Let's do this." All five of us brandish our [Master Morphers]. "It's Morphin' Time!"
Dragonzord!
Tigerzord!
Zeo Ranger V: Red!
Red Lightning Turbo Power!
Dino Thunder, Power Up!

Mimi covers her eyes from the light before it dies down and she sees what they did.
The first one is wearing a green full-body spandex suit with white gloves and boots. His
helmet is designed to look like the head of a dragon. He dons a golden shield that covers his
upper torso and shoulders along with two golden armbands on both arms. On his belt is
the [Master Morpher] with a golden coin of a dragon's foot in the center and holstered to his
left hip is a dagger.
Next to him is a man wearing a full-body white suit with a golden and black vest that had a
symbol in the center. His helmet's design is more streamlined, featuring a white tiger and has
a white saber strapped to his left hip with a tiger's head attached to the hilt.
The third one's outfit was vastly different. A full-body red suit with white gloves and boots.
His collar was white with a golden grid pattern embroiled at the bottom. He has a golden belt
with several symbols in the center with a gun strapped on his left hip and a retractable blade
in the other. His helmet was oval shaped with his visor in the shape of a star.
The fourth also dons a full-body suit of the same color, however, this one has a more high
speed feel to it. It has black outlines going throughout the suit with white bands on both arms
and a yellow rectangle in the chest. The helmet looks like the hood of a car with headlights
included. The belt also features headlights with a gun strapped to his right hip.
The fifth and final member is wearing a full-body black spandex with golden edges on his
arms and legs that look like spikes with two spikes protruding from his shoulders. His
helmet, much like the green one, has the appearance of a creature's head with a horn
protruding just above it. He has a symbol of a golden reptile's foot encased in a circle
embroiled on his chest and a staff-like sword holstered on his left hip.
"Now, Mimi, I hope you're ready." The Green Ranger began.
"Because you are about…" The White Ranger said.
"... to face all of us." The Red Zeo Ranger adds.
"At the same time." The Red Turbo Ranger continues.
"Can you keep up?" The Black Ranger asked.
Mimi doesn't answer and gets into a fighting stance.
"Let's go!" All five legendary rangers charge forward.
"[Immovable Palm]!" She sends a beam of Spiria at us.
"Scatter!" The five of us scatter to avoid the attack.
"[Zeo V Power Kick]!" My left leg glows red as I jump forward and deliver a flying kick at
Mimi's stomach.
"GFOOH!" Mimi coughs blood from the intense kick.

'It worked!' I exclaimed.
However, Mimi quickly recovers and grabs my ankle before throwing me to the face of a
wall.
-36,788 Damage (-50%)
94,016/112,410 AP
109,480/109,480 HP
"Guh!" I groan a little.
"TOH!" Mimi leaps forward at high speeds.
I try to move, but my body won't budge. "Shit…! Can't get out in time…!"
"Fall to pieces!" She reels her arm back, ready to end it.
"!"
"[Auto Blaster]!" A laser shot hits Mimi in the face causing her to slip and fall.
The Turbo, White, and Black Dino Thunder Rangers step in. "Did you forget you weren't
dealing with just one of us? Let's teach her a lesson!"
"Yeah!" His black counterpart agrees as Mimi gets up.
"[Turbo Lightning Sword]!" His hand lights up and out appears a long sword with a red
hand shield.
"[Brachio Staff]!" He takes the staff out of his holster and it expends.
"Let's go!" The White Ranger takes out Saba. "Ready, partner?"
"You know it!" Saba said.
"Ha!" The three rangers charge in while the Green Ranger helps me out of the rock.
"You okay, boss?" The Green Ranger asked.
"I'll live…" I summon my signature weapon. It is a short sword that is mostly black at the
handle with a short blade, and a Red Star emblazoned upon the hilt. "[Zeo V Power
Sword]!"
The Green Ranger takes out his Dragon Dagger and we both charge in.
Mimi throws a punch but the rangers dodge the attack before retaliating with an onslaught of
slashes.

"Ugh…!" Mimi grunts as her body is starting to give, the pain becoming too unbearable for
her body to handle.
"Don't stop! Keep going!" I cry as we all continue the assault.
"Not… Not yet!" Mimi grits her teeth as she looks up with newfound [Determination] in her
eyes. "I'M NOT DONE YET!" She musters more Spiria before launching herself at lightning
speeds. "[IMMOVABLE COMBO STRIKE]!" In a flash, Mimi sends a barrage of strikes
that are too fast to see with the naked eye just as she passes through us.
-78,021 Damage (-50%)
55,006/112,410 AP
109,480/109,480 HP
"Guack!" Each of the clones burst into black smoke due to them taking too much damage.
"Dammit…!" I grunt as I slowly stand up.
"It's over…" Mimi wheezes out. "Leave this place… now!"
I chuckle. "Not yet… not until I give you everything!" My slowly heals, my soul screams as I
am pumped with more [Determination] than ever!
"Zeo Crystal, full power!" My body becomes surrounded in a red aura, the grid patterns on
the shine as my visor glows red.
I grab my battle sword and unholster my [Zeo Power Pod Sword]. "Let's go!" I vanished
from the spot I was standing, leveling the floor under me.
"!?" Mimi looks around frantically only to look to see me with both swords raised. She tries
to block it but she's too late, and I unleash a barrage of strikes at fast speeds.
I stab her in the stomach, pull her body up before throwing her across the mountain.
"Now!" I jump high as both weapons are coated with red energy. "[Twin Star Attack]!" I
throw both swords. The speed of the throw combined with the red energy make them appear
like two meteorites burning through the atmosphere.
They reach their target and unleash a red-tinted explosion that obliterates everything around
it. An outline of a barrier can be seen around Selene's Temple as it is shielded from the blast.
"And that's… how it's done!" I managed to say before de-morphing.
Suddenly, something crashes in front of me!
The smoke clears, revealing it to be Mimi still alive.
"Oh, why can't you just stay down already!?" I cried.

"Mimi is immovable." Mimi states.
I stare up at her, waiting for the inevitable blow.
…
…
…
… huh?
Nothing happened.
Slowly, I walk up to her and see that her eyes are glazed over.
"She… fainted… while… standing…" I concluded before collapsing myself. "Amazing…"
Skill Level Up(x5)!
[Movement Mastery LVL. 30/100]
[Blade Mastery LVL. 20/100]
[Observe LVL. 38/100]
[Duplication LVL. 4/10]
[Dragon Pulse LVL. 2/10]
I activate [Nemesis] to make myself weightless before flying towards the temple.
I land on the temple gate and find a line of handmaids waiting for me.
"Welcome, honored guest. We have been expecting you." The handmaids bowed as I walked
inside.
However, no sooner was I tackled by more women.
"H-Hey! What are you doing!? Don't touch me there!" I cry as they take off all of my clothes
before throwing me outside and fall face first into the water. "Oof!"
"You finally made it."
I look up to find myself in a large hot spring and on the other side is a very naked Selene.
Quest Complete!
Quest: Black Moon
Objective 1 (Complete): Defeat the Moonlight Divinities (3/3)

Objective 2 (Complete): Locate Selene
Reward: 78,523 EXP, 50,119 Credits, Skill, Item, Uncommon Gacha Token
Level Up(x4)!
[Sword Dance LVL. 1/10]
A frenetic dance to uplift the fighting spirit. This temporarily boosts the user's Attack
stat by 15.
Cost 50 MP
[Perk Martyr]
User can select one perk/trait and delete it
[Uncommon Gacha Token(x4)]
"You… I finally found you." I said.
"Indeed you have." Selene takes her sake bottle and pours two cups. "Tell me, what do you
think of my world? Is it not beautiful? The Moon especially, it never waxes or wanes."
"I haven't had time to look at the scenery, mostly because I've had to fight your henchmen." I
retorted.
Selene giggles as she puts a cup in a tray and pushes it forward. "You know, you should relax.
You have worked up quite a sweat."
"... why did you bring me here, Selene? It wasn't just because I beat Ignia was it?" I asked.
"Do you remember what I told you before? Your magical power is nothing like I've ever
seen." The tray slowly floats towards me. "All living creatures use a source of power. For
Earthland, it is Ethernano. For Elentear, it is Spiria. Yet you seem to be the only one who
does the opposite." She continues, "you can generate your own Magical Power. While mages
exhaust themselves after a certain period of time, you can go for longer, possibly forever.
Your magical container is so large it's most likely infinite."
I look at the tray with a cup of sake on it. "So what do you want?"
Selene sighs. "You still don't get it, do you?" She stands up from her spot and walks towards
me.
I can't help but be mesmerized by her perfectly formed breasts and the hypnotic sway of her
hips that would make any lesser man fall over heels for her in an instant.
She's a true goddess.

"I want you. I want to unlock the mysteries of your body." She sits right next to me. "And in
exchange, I will help you control your dragon magic."
I blink at the part. "Dragon magic?"
Now this got Selene confused. "You mean you haven't noticed? You have been using [Fire
Dragon Slayer] Magic. I can even feel the presence of a [Dragon Seed] inside you."
I just look at her in surprise. While sure I did notice my fire magic was more powerful than
usual, I just thought it was because I misremembered my strength. But if that's not the case,
how did I get [Dragon Slayer] magic? I don't have a [Dragon Lacrima] so that means"Ignia!?" I yell as I put the pieces together. How could I forget? When I tried absorbing his
attack, some of it must have stayed inside me while the rest was expelled.
I open my menu to confirm my suspicions.
[Dragon's Core]
A mutated Magic Core. Grants the user high-level Magic Resistance, the ability to use
the language of dragons, and see the destiny of others.
Increases all stats by 50.
Grants the inherited skill [Mana Burst].
[Mana Burst LVL. 1/10]
Increases one's performance by infusing your weapon and body with Magical Energy
and instantly expelling it.
[Fire Dragon Slayer LVL. 1/10]
One of the Lost Magic. Grants the user various characteristics typical of a Fire Dragon:
lungs capable of spewing flames, scales that grant protection against fire, and nails
covered in flames as well as allow for the user to consume other flames in order to
regain strength and boost recovery. In addition, the user can consume external sources
of fire to restore their body to a healthy state and regain their reserves of strength,
something that also makes them immune to most types of fire, due to their capability of
nullifying fire-based attacks by sucking them in and eating them; the consumed fire
also seems to possess a different "taste" according to its "quality". Lastly, if a Fire
Dragon Slayer can store and manipulate a fire dragon king's Magic Power, they will
enter Fire Dragon, King Mode.
The following techniques are available: Fire Dragon Roar, Fire Dragon Claw, Fire
Dragon Iron Fist, Fire Dragon's Wing Attack, Fire Dragon's Sword Horn, Fire
Dragon's Brilliant Flame, Fire Dragon's Flame Elbow, Fire Dragon's Crushing Fang,
Fire Dragon's Grip Strike, Fire Dragon's Slash, Crimson Lotus: Fire Dragon's Fist,
Crimson Lotus: Exploding Flame Blade, Crimson Lotus: Phoenix Blade

[Dragon Seed]
A plant-like organism that forms inside a human as a result of using Dragon Slayer
Magic. It causes the victim to undergo Dragonization, starting with their bodies
producing Dragon-like features such as scales.
… shit! She wasn't kidding, I do have Dragon Slayer Magic!
"You can sense it, can't you? Whether intentional or not, you are now a Dragon Slayer. I can
not only teach you how to use it, but I can also teach [Moon Dragon Slayer Magic] if you so
choose." Selene offered.
"Really?" I almost couldn't believe it, it was too good to be true. "What's the catch?"
Selene merely smiles and pulls me closer to her burying my arm in her chest. "Simply stay
with me for a while~"
[It doesn't seem like a bad offer. Also, I can't see her as the type to go back on her word,
so go for it]
I take the cup of sake and drink it in one gulp. "So," I turn to face her; silver eyes staring at
pink "when do we start?"
Author Notes
And here it is! It's been a long time coming and I had fun writing this!
I've been reading up on Fairy Tail's sequel manga just to make sure I got this right. Elentear's
magic system is completely different from others and anyone's attacks and weapons were
ineffective against them. While Yoko was easier, the likes of Hakune and Mimi were not so.
One could control the concept of "freezing", effectively rendering any and all attacks useless
and the other could tank all damage without so much as staggering or flinching.
Fairy Tail is seriously broken as hell.
I finally gave the mc a Stand, but I couldn't decide what ability to give it. I was originally
gonna go for time stop, but everyone's done that one to death plus a single Chaos Emerald
can also stop time so having a Stand with that ability seemed redundant. I then thought of
giving it an original ability but I couldn't work out how it could fit in the plot so I put it away.
In the end, I chose to go with Time Erasure because what cooler than stopping time then
erasing it for everyone but yourself?
Yeah, I'm a sucker for time powers. Deal with it.
Before you all ask how he got Dragon Slayer powers, you have to remember that one of the
MC's abilities is to absorb energy and convert for himself. Ignia's power was so immense that
he couldn't convert it all and it permanently changed his body. And with Selene now offering
to teach him her own magic there's no telling what sort of monster he'll become.

Anyways, leave your comments. The good, the bad, it doesn't matter.
Peace~

Chapter 13: Fairy Tail: Team Natsu
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
Elentear - Selene's Temple
"[Moon Dragon Talon]!" My left leg is shrouded in white light as I charge at Selene with a
high kick.
… only for the woman to simply block my attack with a fan.
"You're putting too much focus into your enemy. You need to take into account your
surroundings as well." Selene opens her fan, creating a shockwave that sends me back. "Do it
again."
I take a deep breath and straighten myself. It's been over four months since I've accepted
Selene's offer to become her dragon slayer. Since then, she's been teaching a variety of
techniques, most of which are universal with [Dragon Slayers].
Techniques like [Roar], [Fist], and [Kick] or [Talon] in her case. When I first tried
using [Roar], Selene scolded me for using it wrong. She said that when dragons roar they
don't use their own magical power, rather they "breathe their element" and release it in one
large burst. What that means is that when dragons breathe, they're converting the ambient
Ethernano in their lungs into their innate element and breathing it out. Eating moonlight also
helps accelerate the conversion process as well as increasing its attack power and range.
It felt so weird eating moonlight for the first time, sucking it in like a vacuum and all, though
Selene comments that she doesn't need to physically eat the light as her body simply absorbs
it whenever the moon is out.
The next technique she taught me was [Fist] and [Talon] since they both follow the same
principle. To use the technique, you have to cover your arms and legs with [Dragon
Slayer] magic which will not only cause sheer blunt damage, but damage from the
moonlight. It also doubles as a shield from enemy attacks.
A simple method to learn considering [Aura] does the same thing.

The [Wing Attack] was a little difficult to master. The principle behind it is molding your
magic into a shape. In this case, a pair of whips that act as dragon wings. To do this, you need
to use two techniques together, layering on top of one another and combining them. Of
course, she didn't tell me this outright. Instead, she had me punch a rock.
Over, and over, and over.
For every minute, of every hour of every day. Just punching a rock.
Needless to say, Selene was dumbstruck when I finally mastered it in under a week.
Next came the more complicated spells. First, there was [Celestial Wing] which is basically
the next level of the [Wing Attack]. It follows the same steps but on a bigger scale.
Basically, it turns my arms into literal shooting stars.
The first time I used it, I blew a large hole in the temple. Thankfully, no one was in that
section of the temple so there were no deaths. I used [Nemesis] to repair the damage although
Selene was very keen on me fixing it by hand.
She's a sadist dragon, that one.
Also, did you know she had kids? Yeah, she's a full-on MILF!
I raise my arm and open my hand out to her. "[Moonlight Palm]!" A blast of moonlight
launches towards Selene, but the dragon god simply smacks it away. The deflected beam hits
a nearby mountain, eviscerating it in an instant.
"..." Selene looks at her hand and sees the burn marks on it. "That actually stung." She looks
at me and smiles. "You've come a long way. But don't think you're out of the woods
yet. [Moonlight Blade]!" She swipes her arm sideways, firing numerous crescent blades
made of moonlight at me.
"[Payback]!" Reality glitches and crumbles, turning into a void as everything is erased
except for myself and my opponent, but from her viewpoint nothing's changed.
I step aside, letting the energy blades slowly pass by as I make my way behind her.
"Time returns its progression." On command, reality returns to normal. "[Fire Dragon
Roar]!"
Selene only has time to glance before the torrent of flames hurls her straight towards a wall of
stone.
"... what a frightening spirit. To erase even my perception of time is nothing short of
impressive." Selene pulls herself out of the rocks. "Still haven't figured out how to dual wield
your magic?"
I scratch my cheek. "Yeah, I'm still trying to figure out how to merge them together." For
over a month, I've been trying to merge [Moon Dragon Slayer] magic with [Fire Dragon

Slayer] magic, but so far I haven't made much progress. Apparently it has something to do
with the elements being too different and the mastery one has over said elements.
Seriously, Natsu and Gajeel make it look so easy. Why am I the only one who's struggling
with this!?
"I'm sure you will figure it out." Selene said.
"You're still not gonna tell me?" I deadpanned.
"Ara, how will the student learn if the master keeps giving him a handicap?" Selene chuckles.
"You need to figure this out for yourself."
I sigh but smile a little. "Okay."
+47 Affection from Selene (47/100)
"Now then," Selene walks back to the temple. "I believe that is enough exercise for now.
Let's take a bath."
The scene changes to the temple hot spring as I take a seat near one of the dragon fountains.
"Aaaahhhhh~ that feels good." I moaned.
"Indeed." Selene takes a seat next to me. "Taking a bath after working out feels amazing~"
I give the goddess the look. "This is the men's side, you know?"
"Oh is it? As far as I know this hot spring is mine, and I can choose where and who to bathe
with. Really, I'd thought you learned by now." Selene replies with a smug look on her face.
My eyes wander downwards as I stare at Selene's chest as water rolls down her G-cup breast
enhancing their allure.
"Do my breasts look appealing to you?" Selene asked.
"Very." There was no point in lying to her.
Selene simply smiles.
~Lime Ahead~ (I'm still new to writing these so please bear with me)
I jolt as something suddenly grabs my dick. "H-Hey!? What are you doing!?"
"I believe this is what human females do to males when they do a good job." Selene said.
"Ara, look at how big you got~"
Selene continues to stroke my cock, her fingers gracefully touching every nook and cranny of
the shaft.
"Fuck, Selene. I can't get enough of your soft fingers." I groaned.

Selene leans in and kisses me while I grab her left breast. The two of us continue to pleasure
each other, the ecstasy and pleasure combined with the release of pheromones made it near
impossible to resist.
Fun fact, when dragons are in heat, they release an unfathomable amount of pheromones in
order to attract mates.
And yes, mates as in more than one.
"S-Selene…! I'm gonna-!" But that's when Selene suddenly stops. "Huh?"
~Line end~
"I believe that enough for now." Selene stands up and walks out of the pool with a sway of
her hips. "If you want to continue, then figure out how to merge the two magics." Before she
walks out, she turns her head and gives me a playful smirk. "That is, if you don't die before
you can figure it out~" She then leaves.
I just stare blankly as the dragon MILF just fucking BLUEBALLED ME!
"Bitch…" I grumble as I sink into the hot springs.
Later
I collapse on a soft futon. Selene provided me with a room for me to stay in while training.
The room was exactly what you'd find in Japan except it's more luxurious and spacious.
There's a window to my right where the moon hangs peacefully in the sky shining its light
straight at me.
I open my status screen and check my stats.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demo Lord
Race: Ę̸̰͓̙̄ R̴͙̻̫̞̂̎̿͒̎̿͋͆̑̇̚͝ͅ Ŗ̴̭̦͋ͅ Ơ̵̡͔͍̜̝̱̓̓̔̄ Ŗ̸͍̜̤̤̞̘͚̹̬̻͆̉͗͊̊͑̀̉̌̊̚͜͝
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 106
HP: 326,880 (32688 per minute)
MP: 308,760 (30876 per minute)
SP: 169,800 (16980 per minute)
AP: 276,960 (27696 per minute)
VIT: 8,172

STR: 10,504
DEX: 8,490
END: 8,384
INT: 8,278
WIS: 9,232
MAG: 10,292
LUK: 8,172
CHA: 8,808
Money: 5,000,511,665 Credits
I click the [Skill] button and scroll down through my extensive list of abilities until I reach
the latest addition to the list.
[Moon Dragon Slayer LVL. 3/10]
A form of Dragon Slayer Magic that allows its user to generate, manipulate, and
presumably consume (like other forms of Dragon Slayer Magic) the element in question,
which in this case the stars and the moon. The user can use this Magic to make their
surroundings appear to be at nighttime with its own artificial moon and use it to create
an explosion that transports its targets into a different world. The user is also capable of
manipulating "moonlight" energy and uses it to attack as well as forming butterfly and
blade constructs of it.
The following techniques are available: Moon Dragon Roar, Moon Dragon Meteor Fist,
Moon Dragon Talon, Moon Dragon's Lunar Horn, Moon Dragon's Wing Attack, Moon
Dragon's Celestial Wing, Lightspeed, Shining Spark, Tsukuyomi, Relocation, Moonlight
Conflagration, Moonlight Butterflies, Moonlight Blade, Moonlight Palm
Cost 400 MP
I can't help but smile. Selene may be an eccentric, sadistic, and a helluva attractive MILF, but
she is a pretty good teacher.
My eyes wander to a new option called [Familiar] and press it. In it, it shows only one name
on the list and I press it.
Name: Payback
Destructive Power: A
Speed: A

Range: B
Durability: A
Precision: A
Development Power: ?
My [Stand]'s power is far above the rest. Not only is it destructive, but also insanely durable.
I had it fight Mimi and, while she couldn't outright see like Yoko, Hakune, and Selene, she
could still sense its presence through mine like a twin.
Selene ordered her to go full power, which she complied without hesitation and immediately
went for the kill. [Payback] blocked it and sent a barrage of punches at Mimi, sending her
out of the arena.
Selene was disappointed by her divinities' performance but because this was a simple spar,
she only grounded her.
Next, I tested its range, and damn can it travel. It is able to travel at least 30 meters before
stopping. Selene explains that it's because the [Stand] is tethered to my spirit energy and the
further it gets, the less spirit energy it gets from me. If it were to travel beyond this limit, the
connection is cut and the [Stand] will cease to exist.
Next, I tested [Payback]'s precision. It was able to spot a tiny crumb of crackers that was
hidden between the tatami mats as well as remove a tiny rock that was tangled in one of
Yoko's braids. It also has eagle-like eyesight, able to spot a village just 7 kilometers from
Black Moon Mountain.
Overall, I'd put [Payback] on the same pedestal as [Star Platinum], [King Crimson], [Gold
Experience] and [The World].
I take out the four [Uncommon Gacha Tokens] and watch what it pulls out.
You got the following from the [Uncommon Gacha Token]:
Nichirin Sword - Rank C
It is a special blade used by Demon Slayers made specifically for the purpose of slaying
demons. They are forged with Scarlet Crimson Iron Sand and Scarlet Ore, both of
which are found on high mountains like the Sunlight Mountain, which is perpetually
bathed in sunlight all throughout the year on Mount Yoko.
As they constantly absorb sunlight, decapitating demons with Nichirin Swords can
permanently kill them. Once their neck-bone is slashed by the weapon, their heads and
bodies disintegrate into ash in a similar fashion to when exposed to sunlight. However,
Nichirin Swords are less effective when used to slash other parts of a demon's body,
making beheading the only viable option for Demon Slayers. Nichirin Swords change
color depending upon the user, making each blade unique. They can be of many colors
and each one is said to impart certain properties to the blade.

Deals 4788 + STRx1.5 Damage (x8 when fighting demons)
Dread Plate - Rank B
One of the 19 Plates of Arceus, the Alpha Pokemon. It boosts the power of the holder's
Dark-type abilities by 20%.
Mage Mashers - Rank C
A set of daggers of eloquent design set with protective gems. They mitigate damage
from fire, ice, and lightning when equipped.
2177 Damage. Increases MAG by 13 when equipped. +32 MP when equipped.
-30% Fire/Ice/Lightning damage
DEX Crystal - Rank C
A sturdy crystal that, when crushed, increases DEX by 8
I let the [Dread Plate] phase into my body as I crush the crystal in my hand, letting the
energy increase my stats.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord
Race: Ę̸̰͓̙̄ R̴͙̻̫̞̂̎̿͒̎̿͋͆̑̇̚͝ͅ Ŗ̴̭̦͋ͅ Ơ̵̡͔͍̜̝̱̓̓̔̄ Ŗ̸͍̜̤̤̞̘͚̹̬̻͆̉͗͊̊͑̀̉̌̊̚͜͝
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 106
HP: 326,880 (32688 per minute)
MP: 308,760 (30876 per minute)
SP: 186,760 (18676 per minute)
AP: 276,960 (27696 per minute)
VIT: 8,172
STR: 10,504
DEX: 9,338
END: 8,384
INT: 8,278

WIS: 9,232
MAG: 10,292
LUK: 8,172
CHA: 8,808
Money: 5,000,511,665 Credits
"I should contact the others. See how they're doing." Before I got started on training, Selene
gave me permission to return to Earthland to visit my home. When I got there, it was still in
ruins and I found Lamy and Torafuzar sitting amongst the wreckage. You can imagine how
ecstatic they were when they saw me.
I told them about the deal and while Torafuzar seemed okay with it, I could tell Lamy wasn't;
extremely so. Before I went back, I left 1,000 clones and [Handles] with them to finish the
repairs, as well as a Scroll to keep in touch. I gave Lamy a hug and a head pad before going
back to Elentear.
I pull out my Scroll and type in the number and it begins to ring.
At the same time
A metal head suddenly lights up. "INCOMING TRANSMISSION DETECTED."
"Where is it from?" Lamy asked.
"IT ORIGINATES FROM THE DIMENSION ELENTEAR."
Lamy's eyes widened. "Patch it through, now!"
"OPENING COMMUNICATIONS CHANNEL."
Back in Elentear
The Scroll continues to ring until someone picks up. "Hello-"
"MAAAAASSSSSSTTTTTEEEEERRRRR!" The cutesy voice of Lamy rings out from the
speakers.
I smile. "Hello, Lamy."
"Do you know how long it's been since I heard your voice!? Four months! You never called,
you never visited! I thought you died!" Lamy cried.
"Sorry, sorry. Selene was very keen on me not taking breaks." I said. "So, how's everything
back on Earthland?"
"Hm~" Lamy hums on the other end. "Well, the repairs on the [Ruby Palace] are complete.
The clones decided to recreate the throne room from scratch. It looks so cool~"

"I look forward to seeing it." I said, though I had a good idea what the throne looks like.
"But there's also something else you need to know." Lamy's tone goes from cheerful to
serious in an instant. "Fairy Tail is missing."
I blink in surprise. "... what?"
"Fairy Tail, the entire guild building is deserted." Lamy elaborates. "Handles has been
monitoring Fiore for a few days, and there has been no activity inside the guild building."
I narrow my eyes. "I know what's going on."
"You do?"
"Have you ever heard of a being known as the [White Wizard]?" I asked.
"The [White Wizard]!? But that can't be!? Why now!?" Lamy exclaims.
'So, Tartaros knew of her existence as well.' I thought. "Lamy, I need you to put the palace on
absolute lockdown. I believe the [White Wizard] is targeting the Earthland's strongest
mages."
"How do you know that!?"
"Call it a hunch." I shrug. "Anyways, they're likely heading towards Guiltina where the
Dragon Gods are. She likely also has the rest of the guild under her control. If she succeeds,
then there'll be no one who can stop her."
"What do we- don't tell you're going to fight them!?" Lamy exclaims.
"Yup~ I'm just dying to test out my new magic." I said.
"You can't! What if the [White Wizard] takes control of you!?"
'I doubt it. If [Gamer's Mind] can stop me from having emotional outbursts, it can likely stop
brainwashing.' I thought. "I'll be fine, don't worry. I'm the [Demon Lord], remember?"
"Yeah, but you're MY [Demon Lord], so you better survive, got it?" Lamy said.
'So forward.' "I will. I'll see you later." I hung up. "Now, I just gotta convince Selene to send
me to Earthland."
"There is no need for that. You already have my blessing."
I turn around and see Selene standing by the door. "How much did you hear?"
"All of it. You are much louder than you think." Selene remarks. "Actually, it's fortunate that
you are going back to Earthland, I have plans for those [Dragon Slayers] myself."
"Hm," I pondered for a moment. "I think I know a way to lure them here."

Selene's smile widens as I explain my plan. "Oh, you really are a devil~"
I smirked. "So, is that yes?"
She jumps forward and gives me a deep kiss. "Do you even need to ask?~"
Oh, this is gonna be fun.
On top of a hill overlooking a city, a watery vortex appears and I step out of it.
"So this is Drasil." I said, staring at the beautiful city below. "It's nice."
[But as you know, appearances can be very deceiving]
"Yeah, we should get going." I vanish in a sonic boom.
The city of Drasil is huge. People are walking around and there are shops and restaurants
everywhere.
"That is one weird-looking bakery." I comment as I stare at the building.
[Selene said that we'll find one of the Dragon Gods here. Could they be hiding
somewhere in the city?]
"No, that's not it at all." I scratch my head. "It's weird, but I feel like I'm forgetting something
important…"
"Gray-sama, please look at this! This bakery is so cute!"
"Hm?" I look to my side and beside me is a smiling woman with azure hair which she lets fall
in thick waves, reaching her shoulders. She has midnight blue eyes, snow skin complexion
and a slender but curvaceous figure. She is wearing a knee-high dark blue coat adorned with
six, symmetrically placed, light-colored buttons on the torso and a green ribbon tied to the
neck. The coat is garnished with fur trimmings around her sleeve cuffs and neck. She wears a
blue long skirt with her left leg exposed showing her blue Fairy Tail Guild stamp on her thigh
and a blue sash tied around her waist with high knee socks and blue shoes. To top it off, she
wears a matching, dark, Russian-style hat, stylized with a light-colored flower clip, which, in
itself, is attached to the fur trimming garnishing her hat.
Name: Juvia Lockser
Title: Juvia of the Great Sea, Juvia of the Deep, Rain Woman
Level: 78
Affiliation: Phantom Lord (former), Fairy Tail
HP: 22,578

MP: 36,900
SP: 20,084
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None (Juvia only has eyes for Gray-sama)
Current Status: Brainwashed
'Brainwashed? That's new.' I remark on the new addition to the status screen. 'But if she's
here, then that means-'
"Y-Yeah…" A familiar voice responds. He is wearing a sweater over his white coat, black
pants and boots. Around his neck is a necklace which resembles a sword with a stone in it, a
metal bracelet and a chain which is attached to the belt loops on the right side of his pants.
Name: Gray Fullbuster
Title: Ice Pervert, The Exobitionist
Level: 91
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 34,422
MP: 46,145
SP: 32,777
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Level Up!
[Observe 37/100]
'I guess its time to put the plan into motion.' I thought. "Hey… aren't you Gray Fulllbuster
and Juvia Lockser? From Fairy Tail?"
"Huh?" The two turn to me clearly surprised. "You've heard of us?"
I snort. "Who hasn't heard of you? The strongest guild in the Kingdom of Fiore, home to the
most powerful mages the world has ever seen! You guys set a whole new standard at the
Grand Magic Games!"
"Well, I wouldn't say it like that." Gray scratches the back of his head, clearly embarrassed.

"Not to mention the loving power couple of Ice and Water. The legendary Gravia!" I
exclaimed.
"*Gasp!* Did you hear that, Gray-sama!? We're a couple!" Juvia tackles Gray and hugs him.
"G-Get off me!" Gray tries to pry her off. "And who the hell came up with the name Gravia!?
That's stupid!"
Tell that to the fandom.
"Hey, what's going on over there?" I turn to the voice and see Erza, Natsu, Lucy, Wendy,
Happy, and Carla walking up to us.
"Nothing. Just ran into a fan." Gray said.
Erza arches an eyebrow. "A fan? I didn't know we were famous in Guiltina."
Name: Erza Scarlet
Title: Titania Erza, King of Knights, Bunny Girl, Guardian of Strawberry Shortcakes
Level: 95
Affiliation: Tower of Heaven (former), Fairy Tail
HP: 46,654
MP: 56,788
SP: 58, 012
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Intrigued
Lucy sweat drops. "She's already forgotten about the lookalikes in Tenka."
Name: Lucy Heartfilia
Title: Keeper to the Gate of the Stars, The Straight Man, Love Rival (by Juvia)
Level: 88
Affiliation: Heartfilia Konzern (former), Sorcerer Magazine (former), Fairy Tail
HP: 35,199
MP: 30,290
SP: 29,754

AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Cute
I smile. "I'm not from Guiltina. I'm a traveler and you hear quite a lot of things when you
travel. And I mean a lot. I know all about you guys, there's no one in Fiore who doesn't know
the fiery [Salamander of Fairy Tail] and his penchant for property damage."
"You got that right!" Natsu smiles.
Name: Natsu Dragneel
Title: Salamander, The Great Demon-Lord Dragneel, E.N.D. (Etherious Natsu
Dragneel)
Level: 101
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 55,701
MP: 68,900
SP: 61,019
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Have an odd smell but seem like a good guy/wants to fight you
"THAT'S NOT SOMETHING TO BE PROUD OF!" Lucy yells.
I point to Lucy. "Lucy Heartfillia. The busty [Celestial Wizard] with a short fuse."
"Huh!?" Lucy remarks, stunned.
"You're Erza Scarlet, the airheaded [Titania] of Fairy Tail and the [King of Knights]." I
said.
"UmU!" Erza puffs her chest with pride.
[She's taking airhead as a compliment]
'Just roll with it.' "Wendy Marvell, the shy [Wind Dragon Slayer] who makes her opponents
drop dead with her cuteness~" I said.
"E-EEEEEEHHHHHH!?" Wendy exclaims, her face turning completely red. "T-THAT'S
NOT TRUE AT ALL!"
Name: Wendy Marvell
Title: Sky Sorceress, Wind Fairy, Cutie Pie

Level: 90
Affiliation: Cait Shelter (former), Lamia Scale (former), Fairy Tail
HP: 40,567
MP: 78,734
SP: 67,809
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Have an odd smell. Hopes your nice
"Hm, no I think that's pretty accurate. You are pretty cute." I remark.
A mushroom cloud bursts from Wendy's head.
"And finally, we have Happy, the flying blue cat with an odd obsession with all things fish
and Carla, the graceful cat princess." I said.
Name: Happy
Title: Fish Lover
Level: 45
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 15,600
MP: 10,436
SP: 9,876
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Hopes you got fish
Name: Carla
Title: Cat Princess
Level: 42
Affiliation: Cait Shelter (former), Lamia Scale (former), Fairy Tail
HP: 13,625
MP: 9,745

SP: 8,487
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Hopes you're not another brute
"WHOA!" Shock plashed all over Happy's face. "How did you know that?"
"He just said he was a traveler. Weren't you paying attention?" Carla asked.
I can't help but smile although [Gamer's Mind] is keeping me from going full-on fanboy on
these guys. I grew up watching Fairy Tail, from beginning to end, and although there were
some things that I found cringy I was genuinely entertained and would look forward to the
next episode. Then there's the fanservice.
Good lord, there was a lot of fanservice. It was basically soft-core porn at the end of the day.
"So, I'm guessing that you're here to do the rumored super hard quest with a 100% fatality
rate, yes?" This caught the Fairy Tail wizards off guard. "Oh, don't give me that look. It's not
that hard to figure out. Plus, I may or may not have heard it from Gildarts in a bar one time.
Then again if I was that drunk I would likely sing like a canary."
Everyone sweat drops, well, except one.
"Wait, you know Gildarts!? Are you strong!?" Natsu exclaims.
I give him a so-so gesture. "I know some magic but I'm nowhere near as strong as you,
Natsu-san."
"In that case, let's have a fight! I wanna see what you're made of!" Natsu demands only to get
smacked in the back of the head by Lucy.
"Will you stop that!? You can't just ask everyone for a fight!" She then turns and bows. "I am
sorry, sir!"
I give her a small wave. "It's fine, Lucy-san. I don't mind at all. In fact, I would love to."
"Huh!?/Really!?" Both Lucy and Natsu said.
"Yeah! It's not everyday you meet your heroes, let alone have them challenge you." I
exclaimed. "Though, we obviously can't do it here." I turn around and walk towards the city
gates. "Follow me, I know the perfect place."
"Oh yeah! I'm all fired up! Let's go, Happy!" Natsu exclaims and follows him.
"Aye, sir!" Happy agrees.
"Wait," We both stop and turn to Erza. "You still haven't told us your name."
"Oh, right. How rude of me." I smile at them. "My name's Asmodeus. Nice to meet ya~"

For some reason, seeing Asmodeus' smile made the girls' faces heat up. 'He's so handsome…'
"Huh!?" Gray looks at Juvia's flustered face. "Are you getting a fever or somethin'?"
N-N-N-NO! NOTHING'S WRONG! YOU ARE THE ONLY MAN FOR JUVIA, GRAYSAMA!" Juvia yells out loud.
"I-Idiot! Don't say things like that out loud!" Gray complained.
Later
In the forest outside of Drasil, Natsu and co stand inside a large clearing. The two combatants
stand on each end of the area while the others stand in the corner.
"What do you think? I found it earlier before I got to Drasil." I said.
"It's great, now I feel like I can go all out!" Natsu yells with excitement.
"Natsu… be careful." Lucy whispers.
"[Fire Dragon's Roar]!" Opening his jaws, Natsu unleashes a torrent of flames straight
towards his target.
However, before the attack could connect, Asmodeus vanished, letting the flames collide
with the trees!
"Huh!? Where did he go!?" Happy exclaims.
Natsu looks around but sees no signs of him. Suddenly, Natsu feels a presence from behind
and when he turns to look, he is met with a kick to the face that pushes him to the other side
of the clearing!
"Natsu!" Lucy, Wendy and Happy cry out.
Erza, Gray, Juvia, and Carla were shocked by this.
"Ouch…" Natsu groans as he gets up. "That hurts, you jerk!"
"I thought that was the point." I said.
"Oh, you're a wise guy, huh? Well, let's see how you like this!" He lights up his foot in
flames. "[Fire Dragon Talon]!" He uses one of his arms to spin and kick him in the knees,
sending him tumbling to the ground.
Natsu wastes no time and gets back on his feet. He reels his arm back and ignites it and
charges forward. "[Fire Dragon Iron Fist]!"
Everyone expected Asmodeus to cartwheel away or use his magic, but what they got shocked
them.
Asmodeus raises his right arm and catches Natsu's punch, unaffected by the burning flames.

"W-He caught it!? How did he do that!?" Lucy exclaims.
"More importantly, how is he not getting burned." Erza adds as she stares at the boy. 'There's
something off about him'
Natsu struggles to break his grip. "H-Hey! Lemme go!" His instincts suddenly go into
overdrive as he senses an oppressive aura coming from Asmodeus as his head slowly looks at
him and Natsu gets a good look at his silver eyes.
His cold, empty silver eyes.
"!" Natsu is frozen by the sudden animosity, so he didn't react when he headbutted him,
causing him to fall to the ground unconscious.
I stand up and massage my forehead. "Looks like we got a winner."
"Natsu!" Lucy, Wendy and Happy jump towards their friend.
I scratch my head. 'Maybe I took it too far? I didn't wanna hurt him.'
"Wendy, how is he?" Lucy asked.
Wendy sighs. "He's fine, just unconscious."
Everyone lets out a sigh in relief.
Just then, Natsu's eyes snap open and immediately rises up. "Hey, I wanna rematch! You
didn't even use your magic!"
"Hahahaha, sorry. Looks like I'm just a bit stronger than you." I remark, holding my thumb
and index finger together to show a small gap.
This just makes Natsu more irritated. "Oh yeah!? Well, next time I'm gonna make you use
your magic and beat you!"
"You're on, Salamander." I said.
+46 Reputation from Natsu Dragneel (46/100)
Natsu gives me his signature smile. "Awesome!"
"Hey guys, it's getting late. We should get to an inn." Gray said.
Lucy sighs. "Good idea, I'm exhausted from all this walking."
"Okay, see ya in the inn." Natsu waves as he flies off with Happy.
"HEY! WHERE ARE YOU GOING!? AT LEAST TAKE ME WITH YOU!" Lucy screams
out as she chases after them.
I let out a laugh. "Those two are hilarious! Is everyone in Fairy Tail this funny!?"

Carla waves me off. "No, that's just them. The members of Fairy Tail are usually more
knuckleheaded and weird."
"Carla!" Wendy scolds her cat. "You could at least say it nicely!"
"No, that's pretty accurate." Gray comments.
As everyone returns to the city, Erza stares at Asmodeus with a critical eye. 'That wasn't
strengthening magic Asmodeus was using, that was his own physical strength. The fact that
he was able to keep up with Natsu like that is nothing short of incredible. And yet… What was
that?' She recalls the oppressive feeling she sensed. 'It was gone as soon as it appeared but it
was all it took to leave Natsu wide open.' She looks at Asmodeus' back. 'Who are you,
Asmodeus?'
After arriving back in Drasil, we quickly find Natsu and Happy. It wasn't that hard, just
follow the flames and smoke along with the sounds of people running and screaming and
you'll find them.
They were promptly arrested and put in jail with a bail so huge that Lucy and Erza both
fainted.
I stepped in and paid Natsu's bail plus interest to pay for the damages he caused (not like I
needed the money anyways).
-256,417 Credits
Total Credits: 5,000,255,248 Credits
After a shower of gratitude and beat down Natsu got, we found an inn to stay for the night.
We rented a single room with four beds and we all got to relax.
"Hm? Juvia can't be told of the [100-Year-Quest]?" Juvia asked.
"That contract cannot be breached… while carrying the name of Fairy Tail." Erza states.
"We signed a contract, so there's nothing we can do." Wendy adds. "I feel so bad because you
came all the way here."
"Yes… that's fine." Juvia said in clear disappointment.
"In that case, can't you just add her as a member of your team?" I asked.
"No… once we sign the contract, it is final." Erza replies.
"But… that means that she can't spend time with us." Lucy said, saddened.
"Juvia will go home right away." She leans closer to Gray, her large breasts pressing on his
chest. "After all, Juvia's only objective was to get a glance of Gray-sama~"

I stare at the two with a tinge of jealousy. 'Damnit Gray. Can't you see how much this girl
wants to get into your pants!?'
Gray looks uneasy. "Just wait patiently…"
"Gray-sama promises to come back?" Juvia asks with a cute head tilt.
"Of course I will come back eventually." Gray assures her.
Juvia sighs. "Juvia is always so worried."
"There's nothing to worry about. We are here with him." Lucy assures her with a smile.
Juvia gives her a blank stare. "Juvia is most worried that Lucy is near him. Love rivals."
Lucy blacks up a little. "Don't worry about that either…"
[Juvia has nothing to worry about. She is an absolute looker]
Natsu stands up. "In that case, let's start collecting information for work tomorrow!"
"Aye sir!" Happy chimes in.
"Sure, today let's party!" Even the cool Erza got excited.
"Yay!" Everyone cheers and gets pumped up.
"Hey, don't forget about me! I wanna party, too!" I exclaim as I join the cheer.
"Yes, new friend! Party time!"
And we did.
We found a restaurant not too far from the inn and quickly made ourselves home. We ordered
a buffet of food, enough for an army before ordering more. We talked, ate, drank, and
laughed like there was no tomorrow.
And that was when things spiraled out of control.
Natsu orders more food, and dares me to finish my portion before he can finish his. I won the
contest and Natsu swore vengeance, ordering even more food than ever.
I suppose this should be the part where I mention that thanks to [Nemesis] the inside of my
body is an empty void and everything I eat turns into [Dark Matter].
Juvia had too many drinks and was now shifting from various lewd positions for Gray with a
sign that says "EAT ME~" that she got from who knows where.
Gray was absolutely slack jawed, his face a red tomato from either the alcohol or his arousal.
"Do it, Gray. Do it or I will!" I whispered in his ear.

Erza was drunk too and started barking orders to everyone in the restaurant, customers
included. She then demanded a strawberry shortcake and when the waiter told her they didn't
sell it… she comically punched them out through the wall.
After that, Natsu decides to have a drinking contest with me and Gray, who's already naked at
this point, decides to join the three of us drink while standing on top of the table while the
workers try to get them off and Erza suddenly starts singing for some reason.
After a few more minutes, we were all kicked out and subsequently banned from the
restaurant but not before making us pay for all of the food we ordered and stuff we broke.
-9,034 Credits
Total Credits: 5,000,246,214 Credits
So, we all decided to head back to the inn.
"We got kicked out because you were so wild! How embarrassing!" Erza scolds Natsu.
"It's not just my fault!" Natsu argues.
"You were just as wild, too. With all the signing and the punching, I thought you were going
to rob the place." I chimed in.
Erza blushes. "I… don't know what you're talking about!"
I smile. "Oh c'mon Erza-san, there's nothing to be embarrassed about." I then get an idea.
"Hey, how about we go to a bakery and buy a strawberry shortcake?"
Erza lights up. "Really?"
"Yeah! It'll be my treat!"
+27 Affection from Erza Scarlet (27/100)
Lucy eyes the city map curiously. "Hm…"
"What's wrong, Lucy-san?" Wendy asked.
"Well… I've been looking at the map of this town and look," she shows Wendy the map.
"Doesn't this town have a weird shape?"
"Yes, you're right." Wendy said.
Natsu lets out a burp. "I ate way too much."
"Thank you for today." Juvia turns to Gray. "Juvia… has no intention of bothering your job…
and is planning to leave by tomorrow."
Gray looks at Juvia. "I'm also glad to be able to see you for the first time in a long time."

The two mages stare at each other.
"Have… you changed a little bit?" Gray suddenly asked.
"Eh?" Juvia looks perplexed. "Is there something different?"
"Earlier today, when I asked about the guild… you hesitated for a moment, right?"
"..."
"Did something happen at the guild?" Gray asked.
"Something… at the guild…" Juvia begins to hyperventilate as she clutches her head. "I…
can't remember…"
"Juvia…?"
"I remember… someone new joined the guild…" Juvia mutters. "Juvia… thinks that person
is suspicious… and then…" Her eyes suddenly widened in realization.
[She broke through the brainwashing!]
"!?" Gray is caught off guard by Juvia grabbing his arms.
"Be careful with the [White Wizard]!" Juvia warns him.
"!"
Juvia then collapses in Gray's arms. "Juvia!?"
The rest of team Natsu turns to Gray.
"What happened?" Lucy asked.
"Juvia-san!?" Wendy calls out.
Gray shakes the unconscious water mage. "Hey, snap out of it! Juvia!"
"Calm down, Gray." Everyone turns to their new friend walking up to him. "She's simply
suffering the backlash of forcing her way out of brainwashing."
"Brainwashing…? Juvia was brainwashed?" Gray said.
I nod. "And most likely the same goes to the rest of Fairy Tail."
"I don't understand. Who is this [White Wizard]?" Erza asked.
"Are they somehow connected to Zeref?" Wendy asked.
"Good questions girls, but now we have bigger things to worry about." I said.

Suddenly, an earthquake hits the town violently.
"W-What's going on!?" Happy exclaims.
"An earthquake!?" Lucy cried.
"No, wait! This is…" Erza began.
"The ground… is lifting up!" Gray comments.
"What's with this town!?" Natsu yelled.
"Rather than that," Lucy sees the townspeople. "The townspeople! They're all fine!?"
"Oh? Are you travelers?" Lucy looks down and sees an old woman. "You came to Drasil
without any information?"
"What is this!?" Lucy demands.
I facepalmed. "Of course! How did I not see it!?"
"W-What are you talking about!?" Gray asked.
"This happens at the same time everyday, so we are used to this, but I could imagine how
surprising this would be for first timers." The old woman explains.
"Everyday at the same time!?" Wendy exclaims.
"It's alright, it will stop soon. And you should sit here as well."
Lucy loses her balance and falls on Wendy. "Kya!"
"For the earth…" The old woman smiles. "Now, let's pray for the trees."
"Trees…?"
"Drasil, short for [Yggdrasil], the world tree. And one of the dragon gods uses wood magic."
I explained.
Gray's eyes widened.
Lucy looks at her map and realizes it. "The city's shape… it's my hand!"
A massive shadow looms over the city.
Wendy's body trembles in fear. "Y-You don't mean that the place we're in is…"
"That's true, it's a hand. Drasil's right hand. No…" The camera zooms out revealing a massive
beast with a body encompassed by all tree bark, with tree and other wood-like features
adorning his. His face is mainly a large plank with small slits as his eyes and mouth, with a
pair of wooden horns protruding from his head. There are cities on his left hand, shoulders
and back as well.

"The [Wood Dragon God], Aldoron's right hand."
Name Aldoron
Title: The Wood Dragon God
Level: 138
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods
HP: 345,877
MP: 366,313
SP: 282,442
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
"Aldoron…" Erza gasped.
"This city is on top of its hand…?" Gray said.
"Wait, you're saying we are…" Lucy began.
"On top of Aldoron…!?" Wendy finished.
Natsu's sweating at the sight of such a gargantuan creature. "I heard he was huge but… this is
too big…"
While Team Natsu was in a state of shock, I smirked at the sight.
Quest Unlocked!
Chopping down the World Tree
Help Team Natsu defeat the Wood Dragon God
Objective: Kill Aldoron
Objective 2: Stop the White Wizard and free Fairy Tail
Bonus Objective: ?
Rewards: 188,422 EXP, 56,309 Credits, Items, Skills, Legendary Gacha Tokens
"Now then, my move."
Author Notes

The long awaited chapter is here after all this time. This one is heavily based on the manga so
I hope you enjoy it.
Peace~

Chapter 14: Fairy Tail: Rebellious
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
In the city of Drasil, I sit in an outdoor restaurant waiting for my order to arrive.
I look up at the morning sky as the memories of last night play in my head.
Flashback
Team Natsu are left stunned by the sight of the [Wood Dragon God]. Originally, they
assumed that all dragons were the same size, but that was clearly thrown out the moment
Aldoron awakened.
He's the size of a mountain! With multiple cities on his hands, shoulders, and back.
"C'mon guys, let's get Juvia back to the inn." I said.
Everyone nods and they all walk away.
I glance at the frozen Natsu. "Hey Salamander, that includes you, too."
"!?" Natsu snaps out of his trance and slowly runs back towards the others, but not before
turning an eye back at Aldoron's head.
We returned to the inn and placed Juvia on one of our beds and Gray and Natsu began taking
her clothes off, which caused a violent chain reaction from the girls and we were all promptly
and literally kicked out of the room. A minute or so later, the girls let us back inside and we
all sat around Juvia's bed.
"I wonder if Juvia's alright…" Lucy says, looking at her unconscious friend with worry.
"She will be. Brainwashing is a tricky business, but luckily it didn't leave any permanent
damage." I said.
"You seem to be very knowledgeable on the subject." Erza points out.

"I've met people who have similar abilities and I have some ways of dealing with them." I
said.
Gray's grip on his pants tightens as he grows more frustrated. "Juvia…"
"She said something about being careful with the [White Wizard]." Lucy said.
Natsu just looks confused. "[White Wizard]?"
"I remember hearing that somewhere." Happy remarks.
"Karameel mentioned that word." Wendy points out.
"I think she was going to ask the [White Wizard] to limit the strength of the [Water Dragon
God]." Cara adds.
"The [White Wizard]... is a legendary figure here in the country of Guiltina." Everyone turns
to me. "Much like the [Black Wizard], the [White Wizard] uses sinister magic that is said
not only to restrict the victim's magic to the point that they can effectively erase it, but also
turn them into their thralls; slaves to do as they please."
Wendy trembles in fear. "T-They can erase magic…!?"
"My guess is they infiltrated [Fairy Tail] and turned everyone in the building into their
slaves." I glance at the sleeping mage. "They likely sent Juvia here as a scout, but when she
saw you their hold on her mind must have started to weaken."
"No way…" Lucy gasps.
Natsu grits his teeth in anger. "That bastard…!"
"Moving on, I still can't believe that the city is on top of the dragon we were looking for."
Lucy remarks. "To make things crazier, there are towns that are just as big as this one, on its
left hand, back, and both shoulders… a total of five towns." She sighs. "It's so big it doesn't
make any sense."
"Well, we should give it an ass kick!" Natsu exclaims.
"If only it were that simple." Lucy mutters. "Before we think about how we can beat this
dragon, the biggest question we should ask is… 'is that really a good idea?'".
"?" Natsu looks confused.
"Think about it. The people in this city coexist with Aldoron." Lucy states. "Defeating it
might do them more harm than good."
"Oh man! Are you telling me there's another good dragon!?" Natsu exclaims.
"Seems like it." Happy said.

"That doesn't have to be the case. We may need more information." Gray chimes in.
Lucy nods. "That's true. Before we decide on anything, we need more information."
"In that case," I stood up from my chair. "I'll go gather information on the [White
Wizard]. You guys should go look for anything you can on the dragon god."
Erza nods. "Very well, thank you."
I smile. "Hey, anything to help my friends." I make my way towards the door and leave the
room.
Flashback end
[You really think lying to them was such a good idea?]
"Not really, besides I didn't lie to them in a sense." I already knew all there was to know
about the [White Wizard] and her cult as well as the fact that the one in Drasil is not the
true [White Wizard].
[What about the dragon god?]
I glance at the sleeping head of Aldoron. "I don't know yet. We'll just have to wait and see
what happens."
"Excuse me, is this seat taken?"
"Hm?" I turn my attention to the voice. She is a slim, young-looking woman of average
height with green eyes and prominent dark eyebrows. The ends of her hair are sausage curled,
bundled into four thick strands in the back and two thick strands in the front. She dons a
corset over a layered dress, as well as dark colored stockings. She wears many dark green
ribbons, including two in her hair and one around the frilled neckline of her dress containing
a stone in the middle. She also wears a gold headdress with a decorative rose design and a
small blue jewel.
Name: Faris
Title: White Priestess, White Wizard (false)
Level: 42
Affiliation: Whiteout Village, Rebellious
HP: 56,322
MP: 64,178
SP: 32,888
AP: 0

Thoughts about you: Curiosity
Next to her is a tall figure covered in a white cloak.
[Huh… what a twist]
"Not at all." I said.
The woman takes a seat on the other end of the table while the mystery figure stands next to
her.
[Well, it looks we've been cornered]
"Lovely weather we're having. Good enough for a stroll through town."
"Indeed." I agreed. "So, what does a beautiful girl like you want with a complete stranger,
hm? It's very dangerous to approach people so carelessly, you know."
"Thank you for your concern, but I wouldn't worry too much about it." She gestures to her
bodyguard.
"I see. Is there anything you need?" I asked.
"Can't a girl take a seat to rest after her morning stroll?" She asked.
"There are plenty of empty seats to choose from, yet you choose to sit here specifically. You
wouldn't do that unless you have a reason."
"True, true." She admits.
"I also know that as the leader of [Rebellious], you would not risk your safety when the
strongest members of [Fairy Tail] are on their guard." I add.
"Ara, you are quite knowledgeable! Who are you?"
"Just a traveler who pays a lot of attention." I comment. "So, can I have the leader's name or
will I have to keep calling you [White Wizard]?"
"Right, how rude of me. My name is Faris, and I am the [White Wizard]." Faris revealed.
I drink the rest of my coffee. "... liar."
Faris narrows her eyes. "Excuse me?"
I put the mug down. "You are not the [White Wizard]. You are merely impersonating her
due to the both of you having the same type of magic."
Faris grits her teeth. "You know nothing…!"
"I know enough, but seriously if you think having [Fairy Tail] at your beck and call makes
you powerful you are sorely mistaken." I told her. "You may have their power, but as long as

you don't have their hearts then you can forget about using them against Team Natsu or even
Aldoron."
Faris glares at me before turning to the figure next to her.
With a nod, the cloaked man moves forward and grabs my left arm. I was confused at first
but then my arm suddenly glows and then suddenly I'm propelled back and crash in a nearby
building.
-83,587 Damage(-50%)!
235,166/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
"Ugh…" I slowly pull myself upwards. I look at my left arm and see there is a hand-sized
hole in my [Aura]. "What the…?" I look down at the cloaked man as he rips off his cloak
revealing his true appearance. He is a tall, muscular man with shoulder-length orange hair
and a beard. He's wearing a form-fitting violent shirt which shows off his muscular physique
and six-pack, a metal prosthetic on his left arm. He wears loose-fitting dark pants, complete
with an armored waist-guard bearing plates and brown boots.
Name: Gildarts Clive
Title: Ace of Fairy Tail
Level: 99
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 70,765
MP: 76,854
SP: 81,004
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: How dare you anger White Wizard-sama!?
"Gildarts… so you even got him, too." I said.
"Yes. The [Ace of Fairy Tail] himself is my adorable little apostle. Isn't that right, Gildarts?"
Faris asked.
"Yes, White Wizard-sama!" Gildarts yelled.
My brows furrow as I evaluate the situation. 'If I remember correctly, Gildarts' magic allows
him to break anything he comes into contact with, including magic. And it seems like he can

break through [Aura], too.' I glance at my left arm, the hole that he created is starting to close
albeit slowly. 'If I want my plan to succeed, I need to lose.'
"That's an interesting power you have there, I can tell it is not magical in nature." Faris
remarks. "Gildarts, be a dear and fetch him for me. I believe he'll make a fine addition to our
cause."
"Yes ma'am!" Gildarts salutes before turning back to me. "You're very lucky, kid. To have
been personally requested by White Wizard-sama is an honor none of us could ever attain."
I shake my head. "Sorry, but I'll have to decline. My lady would get mad if I suddenly joined
a cult without her permission."
"Oh! You already have a woman! Is she pretty?" Gildarts ask.
I smirked. "Damn straight she's pretty, and the best part is she's a MILF so she's fit in all of
the right places."
Gildarts laughs. "You lucky bastard! Did you do it already?"
I looked down, sad. "... she blue balled me."
"Damn, sorry kid." Gildarts hissed.
"Gildarts…" Faris calls out menacingly.
"Oh right! Come with us quietly and you won't be hurt." Gildarts orders.
"And like I said, I'm not joining you. If you want me so badly, you're gonna have to drag me
kicking and screaming."
GIldarts' smile was all teeth. "Well, that can be arranged." He charges forward and breakneck
speeds.
"!?" I slam both of my hands into the ground, creating a tall wall of dirt and concrete but it
immediately falls to pieces the moment Gildarts punches it. He proceeds to deliver a
roundhouse kick but I block it with my arm.
Suddenly, Gildarts feels heavier as he struggles to move like he wants to before getting sent
flying to a nearby building narrowly missing Faris by a few inches.
"Impressive, was that [Gravity Magic]?" Faris asks.
I shrug. "Who knows, maybe it's something else entirely."
*BOOM!*
A building in the background collapses and from the destruction, Gildarts is walking towards
us.

"That took me by surprise kid, I'll give you that." Gildarts remarks. "But don't expect the
same trick to work twice."
I take in a deep breath before releasing it as a large torrent of fire straight towards them.
"Fire, huh? You remind me of Natsu…" Gildarts raises his left hand to crush the attack, only
to be surprised to see his magic not only ineffective but his entire arm frozen in ice. "What
the…?"
"Fire so cold it burns." I quipped.
Gildarts tries to get the ice off but it's just too strong. "What kind of ice is this!? Why can't I
break it!?"
'He's right, why can't he break it?' I thought.
[It's due to the temperature the plasma was generated in. It's currently -62 degrees
celsius. Also, because of your level, the ice is far stronger]
'That way past the freezing point of the human body. It's a good thing his right arm is fake.' I
thought.
"What are you waiting for, Gildarts? End this already." Faris ordered.
"Yes, White Wizard-sama! I will finish this right now!" Gildarts rushes forwards as energy
gathers in his right arm."[Crushing Evil, Spreading the Truth: Empyrean]!" He hits me
with a powerful uppercut, sending me upperwards with a sonic boom.
-103,960 Damage (-50%)!
183,186/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
Gildarts thrusts his arm upwards to the sky. "Now… [All Crush]!" A cross-shaped blast of
energy flies upwards and disintegrates the intended target.
Meanwhile, Team Natsu sees the light in the sky and quickly recognizes the magical power.
"No way… Gildarts…?" Natsu mutters.
Back on the ground, Gildarts and Faris watch as their target falls from the sky in tiny purple
cubes before they are reassembled back into its original form.
"W… what a punch…" I struggle to get the words out.
"Hold him up." Faris orders and she makes her forward.
Gildarts lifts him up and grabs his head facing the [White Wizard].

"You lasted longer than I thought, but alas, this act of defiance must come to a close." Faris
holds her hand up. "[Whiteout]."
"!" A white flash envelops me until everything I see is white.
Faris lowers her hand. "It's done. You may let him go, Gildarts."
Gildarts obeys and lets him go and he falls on all fours.
Faris approaches and leans forward with a smile. "Do you know who I am?"
My head slowly looks up. "You are… [White Wizard]-sama."
"That's right. You are now one of my children, my apostles. Together, we cover this world in
nothing but white." Faris declares.
"That sounds marvelous…" I smiled and bowed. "What is thy bidding, my master?"
"We will return to the church, where you will be indoctrinated and join your fellow brothers
and sisters, then you will help us hunt down the last remnant of Fairy Tail." Faris orders.
I lower my head in acceptance. "Thy will be done."
The three of us proceed to walk back to the church. However, they didn't notice the
expression their new comrade was wearing.
He is smiling.
Meanwhile
Erza, Happy, Natsu and Lucy follow a mysterious old man who guides through various areas
of the town until they eventually reach the Saint Raishen Church.
"We, the people of Drasil, never forget the prayers towards the earth, that is to say, to
Aldoron-sama." The doors of the church open and they all walk inside. "It is thanks to
Aldoron-sama's abundant ground that we are here now." He slowly turns to the mages with an
ominous smile. "Thus, we can't let go of people who threaten Aldoron-sama (or so I heard)."
The church doors suddenly slam shut behind them and the room lights up with candles in a
row. On the other end, they all see dozens of robed people of varying sizes.
"W-What is this…?" Lucy asks.
"This is one of the many White Wizard churches (or so I heard)." The old man replies.
"[White Wizard]... I see, so this was a trap." Erza surmised.
"You all have committed sins against the [White Wizard]." The old man states. "The first…
you possess magical power far too powerful that goes against the teachings of [White

Magic]." The old man's form begins to change, his voice becoming more feminine. "The
second… you can here to destroy Aldoron-sama."
"That voice…!?" Erza asks but is suddenly hugged by a familiar figure.
"The [White Wizard] knows all, Erza." Mirajane told her.
"Mira!?" Erza exclaims.
"Mira-san!?" Lucy is equally shocked.
"She's actually here!?" Happy yelled.
"But if Mira's here, then that means-!" Natsu turns to the others and they all take off their
hoods, revealing them to be the rest of the guild.
"Eh!?" Lucy exclaims.
"The guild… so Asmodeus' hunch was right." Erza senses something and narrowly dodges a
punch from Mira. "What are you doing!?"
"Let's play like the old days, Erza~" Mirajane said.
"This is bad, this is very bad…" Happy said.
"Ara, ara, what a ruckus. You fairies are so loud, but that's what I like about you." Everyone
lines up as they see someone walk up to them. "To be honest, I don't care about Aldoron. He
is just another evil that will need to be erased into whiteness." Faris smirks. "But for now, I
will focus on you. Once I'm done with all of you… Fairy Tail will be all mine."
"Who the hell are you!?" Natsu demands.
Faris giggles. "Ara… Touka always talked about Natsu-sama, but he doesn't even remember
her."
"?"
'Touka…?' Lucy thought.
"Wait a moment…" Faris looks around and notices something off. "Mirajane, can you explain
this? It appears that the number of people does not add up."
"I have bought Natsu and the others here, as you instructed-"
"I thought I ordered you to bring everyone here." Faris glares at her.
Mirajane bows. "Forgive me, White Wizard-sama."
"M-Mira!?" Erza yells in surprise.
"No, this won't do…" Faris growled. "Elfman! Lisanna! Punish your big sister!"

Elfman suddenly punches her sister, surprising the others before he and Lisanna proceed to
kick her with all their strength.
"You had one job, nee-san! You couldn't even follow a simple order!" Elfman yells.
"I'm disappointed, Mira-nee! I thought you were smarter than that!" Lisanna adds.
"F-Forgive me!" Mirajane said.
Natsu runs forward. "Hey, stop! That's your sister!" Just then, Gajeel suddenly appears and
blocks his way.
"Don't interfere." Gajeel warned him.
"Gajeel!" Lucy exclaims.
Faris looks at the group. "Actually, you are just in time. We recently received a new member.
Say hello~" She stands aside letting the new figure step forward.
"Asmodeus!?" Everyone yells.
"Hey guys." I said.
"He has been tainted white. It was a wonderful ceremony." Faris said.
Erza turns to Jellal. "Jellal, please…"
"..." Jellal just stares at her.
"Now then, it's time we get started." The brainwashed guild makes their way forward. "Don't
worry, soon you will all be white, too."
Natsu clenches his fists. "Damnit…! What do we do…!?"
Tears begin to roll off Lucy's face. "This can't be real…" But that's when she notices
something. "Huh!?"
"!?" Faris senses something and when she turns around, she sees a floating black dragon skull
glowing.
It opens its mouth and fires a red beam right at her.
"White Wizard-sama!" Evergreen jumps in and pushes Faris aside as the beam misses and
goes right through the church wall.
Faris gets up. "What was that…?"
"Shoot, I missed. I thought I could get you with that."
"!?" Everyone turns to me as I scratch my head.

"Asmodeus!" Lucy cries out.
Faris just looks surprised. "Impossible… how did you… you shouldn't-"
I smirked. "Did you really think I would walk around the city without some sort of plan? Did
you really think I wasn't aware of your activities here?" I grab the cloak and rip it off.
"I let Gildarts beat me just so you use your magic on me. Granted I didn't expect it to seal
away my magic completely, albeit only lasting a couple of minutes."
"But… how did you break out my control?" Faris yells.
I scoff. "'Your control'? Do you think that two-bit magic of yours could hold my power? Let
alone control me!?" I walk towards Team Natsu until I stand beside them. "Your magic is so
pathetically weak, I didn't even feel it enter my mind; it didn't even trigger any of the
defenses I have." I laugh. "You were so absorbed into your own hype, you never even saw the
obvious deception that was right in front of you; you even led me right to your lair! Even
Zeref and Acnologia weren't this naive!"
"Damn…" Lucy cringes at the roast.
"Way to go, Azzy!" Happy cheers.
Faris grits her teeth. "H-How dare you… you absolute devil!"
I gave her a smile. "All according to keikaku."
Faris grits her teeth. "Laxus, Gajeel! Kill him!"
Gajeel and Laxus charge forward, ready to strike when suddenly they are thrown to the other
side of the building and pinned to the wall.
The view switches to show an outstretched hand and my eyes glowing blue. "You can do
better than that."
This just made the white girl even more annoyed. "Take them down, now!"
All of the brainwashed guild members rush at the group.
My eyes change color and I punch the ground, much to Team Natsu's confusion only for the
entire floor to start glowing red.
"Welcome to my own special hell." I told them as the glow continued to intensify.
Outside, the ground under the church steadily turns red before it erupts in an explosion of red
light so intense it eclipses sunlight.
When it subsides, we see the church completely destroyed and everyone on the ground
unconscious. However, what stands out is the large black cocoon that wasn't there before.
The cocoon soon collapses revealing Team Natsu to be unscathed.

Everyone is horrified at seeing their friends - they're family - lying still on the ground.
Lucy covers her mouth and collapses on the floor. "You… killed them."
"You bastard!" Natsu roars and proceeds to punch me, but to his surprise I didn't even flinch.
"I didn't kill them. I made sure to regulate the output just enough so that they can survive." I
answered.
"That was still unnecessary." Erza argues.
I turn to the knight. "Erza-san, think about it. Do you honestly think you all could fight the
entire guild by yourselves? I know you guys are strong but even you guys can't handle the
might of a guild like Fairy Tail."
Erza flinches at his words and looks down in sadness. "You… you're right."
"Everyone!" The group turns to see Wendy, Carla, Gray, and an awakened Juvia rushing
towards them. They all stop and are mortified by the sight, "what happened here?"
"We found the [White Wizard]'s hideout along with the rest of the guild. Asmodeus let
himself be captured and pretended to be turned so that we could infiltrate it." Erza explains.
I step forward. "We shouldn't be here. It's only a matter of time before everyone regains
consciousness."
Just then, they heard the sound of stone turning as bodies began to move.
"Let's go!" Erza yells and everyone quickly retreats.
The brainwashed cultists slowly get up.
"Ugh, what hit me…?" Cana massaged her head.
Gajeel looks around and finds what he's looking for. "Levy!" He rushes to his wife and helps
her up. "Are you okay!? Did you get hurt anywhere!? How's your stomach!?"
"I'm fine, Gajeel." Levy said.
Laxus and Elfman help Faris up. "Are you alright, White Wizard-sama?"
"I'm fine," Faris sounds calm but inside she is clearly rattled. "To think there is someone who
can shatter the white…"
"Should we go after them?" Makarov asked.
Faris shakes her head. "No, we will return to the original plan." The ground begins to shake
and she smirks. "The orb of the right hand is destroyed, in the end our devil proved useful in
the end."

The Fairy Tail group arrives at a town square and finds a spot to rest. There, Team Natsu is
filled in about the truth of the [White Wizard]'s power.
"She really has the power to remove magic power?" Lucy asks.
Juvia nods.
"It's impossible for one girl to have that much power…"Erza comments.
"Not entirely. You all here have exceptional magical power, far above that of a normal mage."
I point out.
"Well, he's got a point there." Happy said.
"There was something she said that I found odd… she mentioned someone named 'Touka'."
Lucy turns to Juvia. "Do you know who that is?"
"The [White Wizard] has two personalities." Juvia replies. "The [White Wizard] who wants
to turn everything white… and Touka-san who has a pure heart and dearly loves Natsu-san."
"W-WHAT!?" Lucy exclaims with a blush on her face.
"I don't know that person." Natsu said bluntly.
Juvia's brows furrowed. "The [White Wizard] plan is to 'white out' the [Five Dragon
Gods]."
"White out…?" Happy asks.
"A Caster-type magic, the [White Wizard]'s signature spell." I said. "It has the ability to
reduce the target's magic power down to zero, effectively turning them into a normal human.
The word 'white' is associated with the fact that the user turns the target into a blank slate. No
magic, no strength… no will. They can manipulate the target into doing whatever they want
and they comply without resistance to the point that if the caster tells them to 'die'...
they will die."
Everyone is mortified by the revelation. Their guild - their family - was in mortal peril.
"... how do we save them?" Natsu finally asks the important question.
"If we defeat the [White Wizard] then her hold on them may be broken, but-" Suddenly, the
town begins to shake violently.
"What's going on…!?" Lucy exclaims.
"The [Wood Dragon God]... but it's too soon!" Erza said.
They can hear the people around them screaming, clearly confused by what is happening.

"The orb of the right hand is destroyed, in the end our devil proved useful in the
end." Everyone turns to Juvia but there was something… off about her. Her eyes were glazed
over and have changed color.
"What did you say…?" Gray asks.
"That's not Juvia… it's Faris." I point out.
"Faris… that's the [White Wizard]'s name?" Wendy said.
Juvia(?) raises her right arm. "The left arm, the right shoulder, and the left shoulder… if
you destroy all four orbs, Aldoron will lose his power."
"Orbs…?" Carla repeats.
Saint Raishen Church
"My powers cannot destroy these orbs. We will destroy all of the orbs with our power."
The brainwashed guild roars with determination.
Back in the plaza
"Now go, my Fairy Tail!" Juvia(?) orders before her eyes return to normal. "Huh…? What
happened?"
"Juvia!" The group all look with concern.
"Tha… that wasn't me! That was the [White Wizard]!" Juvia exclaims.
I rub my chin. "It seems you hold a lingering connection to Faris, yet I can't help to think this
is more than leftover residue from the spell."
"It was Touka-san! She shared her words with us!" Juvia said.
"What are these orbs she was talking about?" I asked.
"If I can guess they are the physical manifestation of Aldoron's power. If they destroy them
then the dragon god will be weakened." Erza surmised.
"And since the one on the right arm is destroyed, they will certainly go after the other four." I
add. "Maybe we can use this to our advantage."
"What are you talking about?" Gray asked.
"Well, if we can't force Faris to break the spell, maybe we can break her hold over them one
at a time." I suggested.
Lucy smiles and nods. "Then we can use Wendy's healing magic to snap them out of it."

Wendy looks concerned. "I'm not sure if it'll work while in control… but it may be a different
story if they're passed out."
"Passed out, huh?" Natsu's smile grows. "So, we fight our friends so we can save them…" He
puts his foot on the ledge and pumps his fist at the sky. "It's the Battle of Drasil! I'm all fired
up!"
Lucy waves her hand back and forth. "No, no, no."
"We need to think carefully, this isn't like the spars in the guild." Erza points out.
"Yeah. Laxus, Gajeel, Mira-chan, jiji, and Jellal are going to be a pain." Gray adds.
"Don't forget Gildarts. He's here, too." I chimed in.
"It doesn't matter!" Natsu's arms ignite with a brilliant orange. "Controlled or not, I'm gonna
kick all of their asses."
[Even knowing this, he's certainly motivated. Natsu really is a battle junkie]
"Here I go!" Natsu rushes off.
"H-Hey! It's not just something you can do by yourself!" I yelled.
"WATCH OUT GRAMPS, MIRA, LAXUS, GAJEEL, AND JELLAL BECAUSE I'M
TAKING YOU ALL DOWN!" Natsu screams out from the top of his lungs. "IT'S A
FIGHTING FESTIVAL!"
"Wait for me!" Happy flies close behind.
[Welp, we lost him]
"Let's go, too! Our other comrades must be heading towards the other cities. We can't let
them be used as pawns for the [White Wizard]!" Erza yelled.
"YEAH!"
With the objective clear, everyone splits off and heads towards each city while I stand in
place.
"I guess I should do my part, too." I use [Sonido] and vanish from the streets.
Right Shoulder City
The right shoulder city is an amusement park, with people riding its various attractions and
buying a variety of treats and prices.
I look around for anything that may stand out of place. "The orb must be here somewhere…
but where would they put it?"
"Well, well, if it isn't the traitor."

I look left and see Mirajane, Elfman, and Lisanna standing there.
I smile. "Well, this is a surprise. I wasn't expecting to run into you so early."
"Don't expect us to hold back just because you were one of us." Elfman said.
"You will die for your attempt at White Wizard-sama's life." Lisanna declares.
I let out a chuckle at their attempt at being intimidating. "You really think you two scare me?
Oh, you kids are so naive." I raise my hand at them. "You were never a challenge from the
beginning."
"Argh!?" The two Strauss siblings begin to gag as they grab their necks before their bodies
start to levitate off the ground.
"W-What are you doing!?" Mira demands.
"You two are no longer required." I wave my hand and the two scream as they are thrown
out of the city.
"Lisanna! Elfman!" Mira yells as their forms grow smaller and smaller.
"Now… we're alone." I smiled. "To be honest, I'm happy that it's you. You see, I'm a big fan
of yours."
Name: Mirajane Strauss
Title: She-Devil, Mira, The Poster Girl of Fiore
Level: 95
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 46,654
MP: 56,788
SP: 43,658
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Angry
Current Status: Brainwashed
Mira gives me a critical look.
"You are a beautiful, cheerful, strong and reliable woman. A powerful mage who always
came out on top despite the odds. Honestly, it wasn't that hard to fall in love with you and
your guild." I admit. "So, imagine my shock and horror when over 90% of the guild not only

had their magic sealed but were completely brainwashed by some two-bit knockoff. It
honestly pisses me off."
Mirajane grows angrier. "You dare insult White-"
"She's not the [White Wizard]! How can you not see that!? If she was, do you truly think she
would need a spontaneous, idiotic, and chaotic guild of wizards to take down Aldoron!? If
she's anything like Zeref, she would do it herself!" I argue before the familiar feeling
of [Gamer's Mind] sets in. "But I understand, you are brainwashed and can't help but adore
your master." I smile. "I'm just happy to get this off my chest before we begin."
"!?" Mirajane quickly moves as two blue buzzsaw blades fly in and lodge themselves at the
ground. However, this proves to be a distraction as she is quickly surrounded in white pellets
that change into orange before immediately detonating, creating a massive explosion.
The people run while I blankly stare at the explosion before the smoke is swept away by a
gust of wind. Standing in the center is Mirajane except she looks completely different. Her
eyes, eyelashes, ears, and hair all change drastically, and dark, thin markings appear all over
her body. Her forearms and hands become covered in scales, and each sprouts a fin-like
protrusion on its outer side. She also grows a large, stocky tail, seemingly made of metal
plates or scales. Her clothing also changes, with any attire she might be wearing being
replaced by a dark, skimpy one-piece suit revealing her arms and legs, which is open on the
front and the back, exposing most of her belly, wide cleavage and upper back too. She also
dons a pair of gauntlets covering the back parts of her transformed arms.
"[Take Over: Satan's Soul]... your signature magic. I can't believe I'm seeing it with my
own two eyes." I said marveling at her new form.
Mirajane launches at me at supersonic speeds, intending to slash me with her extremely sharp
claws only for me to grab both of her arms without much effort. The sudden stop from her
momentum causes a massive sonic boom followed by everything being blown away and the
ground caving in upwards like a tidal wave.
Mirajane quickly breaks free from my grip and cloaks her hands in [Darkness Magic] before
the two of us proceed to trade blows, each of them creating sonic booms one after the other.
With each one created, more of the city is wiped out until eventually there is nothing but
ruins of what was once a fun and relaxing place.
-51,612 Damage(-50%)!
251,154/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
-51,612 Damage(-50%)!
225,348/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP

-51,612 Damage(-50%)!
199,542/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
-51,612 Damage(-50%)!
173,736/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
'This is insane! How is he able to match me in this form!?' Mira thought as she dodged
another punch. 'Also my punches don't seem to hurt him. It's like there's a barrier protecting
him but I don't sense any magic!'
'She's using her [Suppression Arts] for additional damage. Well, two can play that game.' I
activate [Nemesis] and let dark matter envelop my arms, turning them both into a familiar
pair of obsidian forearms.
"[Rocket Punch]!" I fire both metal forearms at Mira.
The She-Devil snaps out of her stupor before taking to the skies, missing both projectives by
an inch. However, her moment of reprieve doesn't last as the rockets twist and fly towards
her.
"Did you think I couldn't control their trajectory? My constructs are an extension of myself,
and they will seek you out until you die." I explained.
Mirajane continues to evade the flying fists, but the faster she tries to fly, the faster the
rockets go to catch up with her.
"I can't keep this up. I need to go on the offensive." She puts greater strength on her wings
and propels herself forward, enlarging the gap between herself and the rockets.
She turns around and holds her hands together and a dark colored sphere gathers on their
palm. "[Evil Explosion]!" A powerful beam of darkness expels out from her hands which
instantly envelops the two rocket fists as it travels straight towards a ferris wheel, melting it
before it explodes.
When it subsides, there is only a large crater; no sight of the attraction whatsoever.
Mirajane raises her hand and a black magic circle appears, "[Darkness Stream]." A
multitude of black hands bursts from the magic circle trying to grab me.
I dodge them all and charge forward. "[Dragon Pulse]!" I reel my head back before opening
my mouth, unleashing a torrent of energy that takes on the shape of a dragon as it flies
towards its target.

Mirajane puts her hands together and a purple orb forms in the space between her hands. "
[Demon Blast]!" She fires at the incoming attack and they collide, creating an explosion of
colors.
Level Up(x2)!
[Movement Mastery LVL. 31/100]
[Dragon Pulse LVL. 3/10]
Mira descends from the sky and stares at me. "When are you going to learn, you can't stop
White Wizard-sama. Face it, you've lost." She said, "Once you're out of the way, we will kill
the others and continue with our righteous mission."
I let out a sigh. "So, it really has come to this. Alright then…" The sclera in my eyes turn
black. "Time to get serious."
"!?" Mirajane is suddenly blown by a massive burst of darkness that grows as it envelopes the
entire city.
"..." Aldoron's head slowly rises as he senses this new power.
When the darkness dissipates, Mira sees that her foe has now adopted a demon form like
hers. "You… you're a [Take Over] mage?" She narrows her eyes. "No… this twisted
power… you're a [Demon]."
"... let's get straight to the point." I vanish from my spot.
Mira blinks at his sudden disappearance before she doubles forward, her eyes going wide and
bloodshot.
The scene zooms out revealing me kicking Mira in the stomach before she is flung back with
incredible force. She tumbles across the ruins before managing to dig her nails to the group,
slowing her down before her senses go into overdrive and her head is suddenly pinned to the
ground by a leg causing cracks to form everywhere from the action.
"You know I've been thinking… Why should I leave you alive? Killing and then reviving
you will have the same effect, plus it'll be more convenient for me." I grab her by her hair
and make her meet my eye level. "But why stop there? I can just kill all of Fairy Tail, I
can take my time and hunt you fairies down one by one, slowly making you suffer until
you beg me for death. Doesn't that sound enticing?" I flash her toothy grin. "Maybe I'll
start with those two siblings of yours~"
At that moment, Mira snapped!
She fires a dark blast at my face, disorienting me long enough for her to kick me away and
take to the skies.
"White Wizard-sama, I beg of you. Grant me the power to destroy this evil creature!" Mira
prayed.

From her throne, Faris looks up and smiles. "My sweet Mira, I shall grant your wish. I will
allow you to use your full power. Do not fail me again."
She snaps her fingers.
*BA~BUMP~*
Mira's body suddenly bursts with incredible amounts of dark power, enveloping her body
entirely as it changes form. Her ears become pointed, her outfit is replaced with a form-fitting
bodysuit with light colored knee guards, and light segmented boots. Her forearms gain
segmented protrusions and their fingers become plated in a similar manner to armor and six
armored segmented tendrils sprout from her back. She no longer has her trademark front
ponytail and instead wears a thorn-like headband that bears the symbol of [Tartaros] in the
center.
"Well…" I couldn't contain my excitement. "Now this I like."
"I won't let you touch them!" Mira roars.
"That remains to be seen. Now…" I give a "come here" gesture. "Show me your moves."
The two demons blurred.
The two exchange blows, the terrain changes drastically with every blow they deliver on each
other.
-90,926 Damage(-50%)!
231,497/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
-90,926 Damage(-50%)!
186,034/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
-90,926 Damage(-50%)!
140,571/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
"Hahahahaha! That's more like it! No restraints, no concern for your surroundings!
Just pure, unadulterated bloodlust!" I exclaim. "This is how demons do battle!"
"I'm gonna kill you!" Mira screams, using her [Suppression Arts] to get more hits in.

I slam my foot causing sharp black crystals to erupt from the ground to skewer her, but Mira's
immense magical power causes them to break the moment they enter her proximity.
The earth cracks as I charge forward, arm stretched out as I grab Mirajane by her face and
slam her to the ground creating a crater in the process. "Have a taste of your medicine." I
fire a dark blast at point blank, engulfing the area in an explosion.
But I wasn't done… not by a long shot.
I lift the injured Mira before kicking her in the stomach, sending her spiraling across the
ruined city.
I raise my hand and black energy converges on my palm. "[Dark Torrent]!" I fire the beam
at Mira, intending to end this.
"ENOUGH!" The She-Devil stands up and smacks the attack away, unleashing a violet
explosion in the background. "I'm ending this now!" She reels both of her arms back and
cups her hands to her side. As she does this, magical power begins to converge in the space
between her hands, the energy taking the form of a large spherical vortex.
Energy crackles from the sphere as stray bolts of black lightning fly everywhere. Any debris
and ruins that were hit with these bolts completely disintegrate the moment they hit.
One of the bolts hit me in the chest, but instead of pain I was overjoyed. "That's so much
better! I actually felt that!"
"In mere moments, all you'll be feeling is OBLIVION!" Mira screams out.
"That or disappointment, but ahead…" I get into a stance. "Flip that coin."
"[Soul Extinctor]!" Mirajane thrusts her hands forward, shooting a massive stream of dark
energy that blocks out the sunlight.
"Oh Shit-!" I didn't finish as I was completely engulfed in the beam.
The attack continues upwards, slicing through the clouds until it reaches outer space where it
finally dissipates.
Mirajane wheezes in exhaustion as her transformation is undone and collapses. "It's over…"
She looks up to see the demon's burn and limp body. "Thank you… for putting your faith in
me, White Wizard-sama." She slowly gets up and drags herself forward. "It… would be a
shame to let such a strong demon die… he can still be useful to us…" She arrives at the body
and stares at it with nothing but contempt. "This is what you get for going against the
White…" She reaches out and begins to use [Take Over] on him. "But don't worry, I'll put
your power to a good use…"
Suddenly, a claw grabs Mira's hand. "!?"
"SIKE!" I reel my right arm back. "Reverse Uno, bitch!" I punch her chest but instead of
running her through, it phases into her. "Let's see how you like it when your own demons

turn against you!"
"AAAAAHHHHHHH!" Mira lets out a blood-curdling scream as the demon goes inside her,
deep into her soul.
"Ugh… this is harder than I thought." I groan as I go even deeper inside her. Then, I smile
as I feel something. "Gotcha." I reel my arm in, ignoring the mage's screams as I use more
strength to pull it in.
Mira's eyes and mouth release a white light before her body follows suit while my body
glows black with a purple outline. The darkness spreads to Mira, her will overwhelmed by
this force of nature as he continues to pull, eventually pulling his arm out along
with something before the dark light blinds everything until it subsides.
"Ah!" Mira is thrown back and she slowly looks up. "Oh no…"
In between Asmodeus and herself is a woman with purple hair and eyes, and pale skin. Her
most noticeable features are the two large gold-looking horns protruding from the sides of her
head and pointing upwards. Upon her head is a white band which separates her hair, framing
her bangs from her hair below the band. Worn upon her forehead is a small circular symbol
with a small dot on the inside and surrounded by several dots around the top. Tied around her
neck is a small white-colored strap. Her attire consists of a very revealing blue-colored
leopard-printed kimono, bearing the decorative marks on her shoulders. The kimono is
wrapped around her torso with a thick, decorative yellow ribbon that ties behind her back,
and her outfit is complemented by thigh-high socks that reveal her heels and toes. Breast size:
H-cup.
Name: Seilah
Title: Goddess of the Chill Moon, Nine Demon Gates
Level: 88
Affiliation: Tartaros
HP: 36,889
MP: 12,111
CP: 40,400
SP: 29,766
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Thankful, handsome
I arch an eyebrow. 'She has magic...? I thought Etherious couldn't have magic.'

[We may have pulled more than just Seilah's soul, it's possible we may have taken a bit
of Mira's soul as well]
Seilah looks at her hands. "I… am back…" She turns to me. "Were you the one who freed
me…?"
"Yes, I was." I disengage my transformation and slowly stand up. "My name is Asmodeus."
"Asmodeus… I see…" Seilah turns back to Mira with a small smile. "It's been a while, hasn't
it, Mirajane?"
"... yes." Was Mira's only reply. "How… are you out?"
"Oh well, that's easy." I began.
Flashback
I look at one of the empty vats in [Hell's Core] while Lamy works on rebuilding. "Lamy, can
I ask you something?"
Lamy stops what she's doing to give her master her full attention. "Anything, master?"
I put my hand on the glass. "The revival process. You said that all [Etherious] made a
contract with the Master of [Tartaros] in order to be revived. How does that work?"
"As you know, an [Etherious]' physical body lies in the books Zeref created; to put it simply
we are his 'bookshelf'. The forms that we take now are made completely of [Ethernano] and
it takes a lot of time to gather the necessary amount as well as shape it into whatever form we
desire." She explains. "What the contract did was bypass this process. When we die, Master
Geer would act as a beacon to guide our souls back to [Tartaros] where we would be placed
into these vats and are showered with enormous amounts of Ethernano and use demonic cells
to reconstruct our bodies which were cultivated from the [Cube]."
[So, Mard Geer's existence was the core behind Tartaros' immortality. Everytime they
died, they would just come back here and were essentially reborn in a copy body; like a
3D printer]
"I was - am - in charge of overseeing the revival process. I can also alter the copy bodies
however I pleased, making them stronger and more beautiful." Lamy starts twirling around.
"Just thinking about it makes me so aroused, fahahaha~"
I sweat dropped. 'She's passionate, I'll give her that.' "Can anyone be a beacon?"
Lamy shakes her head. "It's not that easy. Master Geer was able to do it because everyone in
the guild signed a contract with him before their death."
I think for a moment. "Well, how about reviving a soul on the spot?"
Lamy shakes her head. "Incredibly difficult. You would need to absorb an impossible amount
of [Ethernano] to pull that off, even for us demons it's dangerous."

I raise my hand as [Dark Matter] leaks out. "I think I might have an alternative."
Flashback ends
"And that's how I did it." I said. "Using the [Dark Matter] I collected, I was able to
reconstruct your body from your soul's memories. Granted, I wasn't expecting it to work but
I'm glad it did."
"And what is this [Dark Matter] you speak of?" Seilah asked.
"Basically, it's the [Ethernano] of outer space and I can use it to make whatever I want." I
replied.
"Fascinating." Seilah looks at the destruction around her with an analytical eye. "Where are
we? This is not the guild building."
"You're in the country of Guildina. As for where we are right now, we are standing on the
right shoulder of the [Wood Dragon God]." I explained.
"A [Dragon God]... so those humans are undertaking the [100-Year-Quest]." Seliah said.
I arch an eyebrow. "How do you know about it?"
The view switches to Mira. "That woman is a [Take Over] mage, when she absorbed me I
became one with her body and spirit. I experienced what she experienced, I know of her past
and her plans for the future. She is an open book to me." She explains. "Most of the demons
sealed within her are just raging beasts, a mass collective of power and hatred that'll devour
the weak minded or suppress you completely. I was able to retain my individuality thanks to
the nature of my [Curse]."
"Huh… I did not know that." I remarked.
[You learn something new everyday]
"When Touka joined the guild, I knew that she was not what she seemed but at that point it
was already too late. The [White Wizard] had taken control of their minds." Seilah walks
towards Mira. "Now… I can finally repay my debt."
"W-What are you-!?"
"[Sleep]" And just like that, Mirajane fell to the ground unconscious. "As I thought, by
taking me into your being, you have lost your immunity to my [Curse]. But it seems you can
use it my power against me..."
"Right…" Seilah turns as I walk up to her. "I suppose this is the part where I filled you in on
everything that's happened, but seeing as you were conscious inside her I'll just tell you about
what's happening now."
Seilah nods. "That would be helpful."

So, I explained to her everything that's been happening, about the [Five Dragon Gods] and
Faris' plans for them. I also explained who I was along with the fact that some remnants
of [Tartaros] survived and now serve me in my newly finished fortress.
"I see, so we no longer have a purpose now." Seilah mutters, she looks… sad.
I stare at her. "I'll ask you the same thing I asked Torafuzar… What is your desire?"
Seilah doesn't answer, she doesn't even look at me. Instead she turns to the sky and watches
the clouds peacefully float by.
After what felt like hours… Seilah spoke.
"An [Etherious]' purpose is to unite with Zeref, without Zeref, we have nothing else." Seilah
began. "We are the antithesis of life itself, our distaste for humans stems from our creator's
envy towards them." She turns around and then walks towards me. "Without Zeref, we have
no meaning. Without a leader, we have no focus. The Etherious need someone to lead them, a
being of unbelievable power and you are him." She grabs my face. "You are my leader, my
one true constant… my master." She leans closer and gives me a kiss.
Our lips separate and we stare at each other's eyes and I feel a connection has been
established.
[I just felt her Curse entering our body. It seems to have tendered itself to our soul]
"Our contract is complete. From now to the end of eternity, this Seilah will be by your side.
You may use me as you see fit." Seilah declares.
I was a bit surprised, Lamy never mentioned how [Etherious] made contracts with Mard
Geer. Granted, I never thought the [Demon Lord] had them all signed physical contracts, so I
suppose it had to be something more… spiritual.
"... very well, I accept." I said, causing Seilah to smile.
+50 Affection with Seilah (50/100)
"Now then, we need to find Faris and force her to release her hold on the guild, but I don't
know where she is." I said.
"I believe I can help with that, master." Seilah said.
In the throne room, Faris can be seen relaxing in her throne with a smile.
*BOOM!* The doors are flung wide open, the force is enough to rip them off their hinges
and they fall across the chamber.
"Oh?" She sees her rebellious disciple along with an unknown woman walking in. "So, poor
Mira-san was defeated. I suppose that's to be expected."

"You're going to release the guild. Now." I ordered.
"I'm sorry, Asmodeus, but I cannot do that. They are important to my plans, you see, and I
will use them until I am satisfied." Faris states.
"That remains to be seen." Seilah comments.
Faris narrows her eyes. "Gildarts." On cue, Gildarts falls next to her. "Deal with these pests."
"Yes, White Wizard-sama!" Gildarts says and moves forward, but finds that he can't. "!?"
"What's wrong? Hurry up and finish them." Faris said.
"I… I can't! My body won't obey me!" Gildarts cries out.
"No one will hurt Asmodeus-sama." Seilah declares.
"Now then," I turn my attention back to Faris. "I believe it's time we talked."
Faris chuckles as we walk up to her. "Are you going to kill me? If so, then all you will be
doing is endangering everyone."
"Oh, I'm not going to kill you, but motivate you." I smile as my hair slowly turns pink and
starts to glow. "After all, [Fear] is the greatest motivator."
Faris just gives me a look before her expression shifts to that of shock and fear, her eyes now
glowing pink. "S-S-Selene-sama!?"
Selene glares down at Faris. "You failed. You had one job and yet you failed spectacularly."
"N-No! I can do so much more! P-Please just give me more time!" Faris pleas as she begins
to cry.
"No, I am afraid that ship has sailed." Selene's smile's all teeth as she turns into her dragon
form. "Now, it's time to pay the price."
"NNNOOOOOOOOOOO!" Faris screams out and something unexpected happens. Her body
begins to glow and suddenly an exact duplicate of Faris appears before she turns into a cat
with white fur and light blue stripes, with pink ears and blue eyes. She also has two whiskers
on each side of her face.
"..." Faris then collapses on the throne, unconscious.
"A cat…? No, an Exceed?" I wondered.
[This is quite unexpected]
"She also knew Selene…" I added. "Why didn't she tell me…?"
"Ugh… my head…" I turn my attention to Gildarts. "My head is killing me…" He sees
Seilah and quickly puts his guard up. "You're-!?"

"She is an ally, Gildarts-san." I said.
Gildarts then turns to me, looking skeptical. "And who are you?"
"My name's Asmodeus, nice to meet you." I smiled.
The Ace gives me a look. "Your name is weird."
I sigh. "Yeah… I know." Suddenly, the ground begins to shake violently. "Oh what now?"
Everyone runs out of the castle to see Aldoron's head rising, before unleashing an eardrumshattering roar.
"Aldoron has awakened." I said.
Author Notes
Second update this month. I've had this idea poking my brain ever since I uploaded the last
chapter and I couldn't focus on anything else; hope you enjoy it.
As always, leave a comment. The good, the bad, it doesn't matter.
Peace~

Chapter 15: Fairy Tail: Awakening Part 1
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
Aldoron roars and begins to move, causing all of the cities in his body to shake violently like
they're in the middle of an earthquake.
The palace roof begins to cave in as the entire city is falling apart.
"This place is coming down. We need to leave." Seilah said.
Gildarts grabs both Faris and the Exceed and we all bolt out through the balcony just before
the castle is completely destroyed.
Aldoron continues charging forward like a mindless beast as an armada of flying ships can be
seen on the horizon.
"Hm…?" I look up to see hundreds of ships making their way towards us.
[They must be from the Guiltina Magic Council. They sensed Aldoron's awakening and
are here to kill it]
The ships all target Aldoron's head and begin to charge up their weapons and fire them
simultaneously; a direct hit!
Unfortunately, the council wasn't dealing with a dragon… they were dealing with a GOD!
When the smoke clears, they can see Aldoron completely fine; not a single burnt or scratch
on his head.
"..." Aldoron lets out a low hum.
Suddenly, a tree the size of a mountain sprouts from the ground and runs through one of the
ships before doing the same with the rest.
"▅▅!" Aldoron roars as the remains of the armada rain down upon the world like a meteor
shower.

"Damn… that was pretty cool." I said in awe at the swift destruction.
[The attack's energy output was similar to that of the Jupiter Cannon, yet this thing was
able to tank it like it was the wind or something]
"I know, it's scary." A smile forms on my face. "And I want it!"
"What should we do, master?" Seilah asks.
I glance at Gildarts carrying the two girls. "Gildarts, I need you to find the rest of your guild
and get out of here." I turn to Seilah, "Seliah and I will stay and fight."
Gildarts just blinks. "Are you crazy!? If that armada couldn't lay a scratch on this thing, what
makes you think you can!?"
I shrug. "I don't know; just a feeling, that's all."
"Foolish."
"!?" Everyone looks around for the source of the voice.
"To fight a god is absolutely foolish. Humans truly are arrogant creatures."
Everyone looks down at the small two-leaf bud on the ground.
"Who are you?" Seilah asks.
The bud quickly begins to grow bigger. "I am but a portion of the back." The tree begins to
grow arms. "That is the kind of enemy you are facing."
"That tree is turning into a person!?" Gildarts comically exclaims.
"I am a part of the [Wood Dragon God Aldoron]." The being before us is a tall, lanky treelike creature with sharp claws and dark spots acting as eyes. "I am the [God Seed Wolfen]."
Name: Wolfen
Title: Seed of Deceit
Level: 1
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Five Guardian Deities
HP: 100
MP: 100
SP: 80
AP: 0

Thoughts about you: Vermin
"!" Everyone is surprised by the sight.
"Those who do not become part of the [Wood Dragon God]..." Wolfen slowly raises his left
arm to me. "Must be eliminated." His arm stretches forward and latches onto my face!
"!" I grab the stretched arm and it ignites, spreading towards the God Seed.
Wolfen cuts it off and it turns into ashes before quickly growing a new one. "You… I could
not read your mind… most strange." He regrows his arm back. "But… perhaps your
companions might be another story." He launches his right arm at Gildarts and grabs him but
the Ace simply destroys with his [Crush].
"I read it. The strength of the most powerful one you can think of." Wolfen states.
[Something's wrong. His Magic Core is changing]
The roots on Wolfen's body untangle and he begins to release steam from within before it
disperses and everyone is left dumbstruck.
In place of a lanky tree is a rather muscular young man with long, dark blue-colored hair. He
carries a sharp gaze; his eyes have black circles around them. He is dark-skinned, and on his
body he bears the same light blue markings. He dons a high collared, black cloak, sharp red
claws around his neck, a sash around his waist, a gold arm ring tightened around his right
upper arm, and baggy pants which are decorated the same as the most former article of
clothing.
Name: Wolfen (Acnologia)
Title: Seed of Deceit, The Black Dragon, The Black Dragon in the Book of Apocalypse,
The Dragon King, Dragon of Magic, The Doctor
Level: 132
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Five Guardian Deities
HP: 265,788
MP: 300,012
SP: 290,899
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Still Vermin
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 38/100]

"N-No way!" Gildarts was absolutely dumbstruck. "H-He turned into Acnologia."
The tree monster turned dragon looks down at his arms. "So… this is the power of the
Dragon King." He clenches his fists. "It is intoxicating."
Sweat rolls off my forehead. "Tobi. Is he really…?"
[His Magic Core has changed. His output is completely off the scale. Even if he is a fake,
his power is nothing to scoff at]
"Heh." Gildarts chuckles as he puts the girls in a safe place. "You know, I never got my
rematch with Acnologia since Natsu beat him. So, I guess defeating his replica might just
do."
"That's fine." Wolfen smirks. "I'll just finish what the Dragon King couldn't."
Gildarts crouches forward. "Then I'll go first!" The Ace launches himself at insane speeds
and cocks his fist back for an attack.
"Hmph." Wolfen simply closes his eyes and appears behind Gildarts.
"!?" Gildarts turns back to see Acnologia behind him. "W-What!?"
I glance at a shocked Seliah. 'As I thought. I was the only one who was able to see his
movements.'
[That golem didn't just copy Acnologia's form, but his power and from the looks of it, it
even copied his personality too]
Gildarts stops his momentum and leaps to do a backflip before raising his arm. "[All
Crush]!" He blasts the clone with his magic but he remains unaffected.
"You haven't changed a bit. You are still very weak." Wolfen scoffs.
Gildarts laughs. "Nah, that was just the opening act. I still have way more tricks up my
sleeve."
Wolfen smiles. "Well then, don't make me wait, human."
The dragon and wizard charge in and crash. Each of them trading blows so fast that it leaves
sonic booms every time their attacks land.
As they trade blows, I glance at the unconscious Faris and the Exceed, just left behind a pile
of rubble. I activate [Duplicate] and point at the two. "Take them away from here."
The clone nods and grabs the two before flying off at high speeds.
Skill Level Up!
[Duplicate LVL. 5/10]

"What is that human thinking? Does he really believe he can beat that thing?" Seliah asks,
dumbstruck at Gildarts' actions. "Foolish, absolutely foolish."
"I mean, maybe he can actually beat him this time." I said.
Seilah shrugs. "We shall see, master."
Gildarts goes for a roundhouse kick but Wolfen easily catches his legs and begins to put
pressure on the limb as the sounds of bones creaking can be heard.
"Ugh!" Gildarts grunts before raising his hand right at Wolfen's face and uses his magic at
point blank like a flashbang. He lets go of his leg as he hisses in annoyance giving the Ace
enough time to make distance between them.
"[Mizuwari]!" Gildarts hits the ground with a powerful strike, imbued with Crush. The
resulting shockwaves will hit the target while also creating cracks on the ground.
Wolfen jumps upwards but is shocked to see Gildarts already behind him and uses his magic
to send back down at inhuman speeds, creating a large crater where he landed.
Gildarts lands at the edge of the destruction and smirks. "What's wrong? I thought you said
you were going to finish what Acnologia started, yet I have the high ground. I guess you
were just all talk after all."
Seilah shakes his head. "Stupid fool. He shouldn't underestimate this creature so quickly."
Wolfen gets up. "I retract my previous statement about you being weak." He looks at
Gildarts. "You have improved, at least a little."
Gildarts smirks.
"But," Wolfen unleashes his magical power. "It's time to get serious."
Gildarts leans forward, his face a mix of shock and pain as Wolfen punches into his stomach.
"Guak!" Gildarts spits out blood.
"[Black Dragon King Fist]" His arm is engulfed with magic, propelling Gildarts forward as
he collides with debris before crashing into some ruins.
Gildarts tries to stand but is quickly pinned down by Wolfen. "Ah!"
"Stupid human. You never had a chance against me. The moment I took this form, your fate
was sealed." Magic begins to build up in his hand. "But do not fret. Your magical power will
serve Lord Aldoron's growth."
"I'm gonna offer a second opinion."
Wolfen turns only to get punched across the face, sending him flying far away.

I kneel in front and use [Heal] on him. "Stay still. This won't take long."
[The God Seed is already on his way back]
Skill Level Up!
[Heal LVL. 4/10]
I stop healing and look at the Ace. "Can you stand?"
Gildarts slowly rises up. "I-I think I can manage. That guy is tougher than I thought."
"You should probably sit this one out. I'll take over from here." I said.
Just then something crashes in front of us and Wolfen stares right at us.
"You caught me off guard. I will not make that mistake again." He states.
"I know you won't." I get into a fighting stance. "Now show your moves."
Wolfen smiles and charges at us, "[Black Dragon King Talon]." He sends a black whip but
we dodge it at the nick of time.
"[Fire Dragon Roar]!" I take a deep breath and unleash a large, exploding torrent of fire at
Wolfen who gets engulfed in them.
"He knows [Dragon Slayer] magic!? Not just that, he is a [Fire Dragon Slayer] like Natsu!"
Gildarts exclaims.
"My master is so mysterious…" Seilah remarks.
Wolfen looks unaffected despite being engulfed in flames that could melt mountains.
"Interesting, I didn't think there were other [Dragon Slayers] here." He jumps out of the
flames and lands a few feet away. "Maybe you'll prove to be more of a challenge."
A couple of [Gaster Blasters] appear behind me and fire beams of varying colors. Wolfen
manages to dodge them but is caught off guard when a black sword flies in and stabs him in
the stomach before looking up to see hundreds of black swords hanging in the air.
"[Nemesis: Rapid Fire]" I fire a barrage of constructs at Wolfen, who tries to dodge but is
overwhelmed and buried in swords.
However, this doesn't last and Wolfen unleashes a wave of magic and frees himself.
My body becomes engulfed in fire and crouches forward. "[Fire Dragon Sword Horn]!" I
propel myself forward like a rocket and hit them with a powerful headbutt before launching
into the sky with a pillar of fire close behind them.
"With a flame on the right hand… and a flame on the left hand… When you combine the
flames together…" Fire engulfs both of my hands before bringing them together, creating a

unique, large fireball that just keeps growing bigger and bigger.
Gildarts and Seilah look in awe and a bit of fear. The heat generated is impossible, everything
around him is evaporating, not melting.
It was like they were staring right at the sun itself.
"Damn… this kid is scary. He may be way stronger than Natsu." Gildarts comments as he
rubs the continuous drops of sweat off his face.
"[Fire Dragon's Brilliant Flame]!" I throw the fireball at Wolfen who catches it with his
hands and tries to eat it.
"Like I'll let you!" An orb of [Dark Matter] forms in my palm and I throw it at the fireball
and let it into it, causing it to turn into a deep violet.
"!?" Wolfen reels his head back, his lower chaw breaks off into black dust. He tries to grow it
back but for some reason, it doesn't work. "What have you done!?"
'Huh, he can't heal from attacks that use [Dark Matter]. Good to know.' I thought. 'I thought
this would be harder, but Wolfen hasn't used any of Acnologia's magic yet. Why is that?'
[It might be because he is aware of how dangerous Acnologia's magic is, especially to
dragons. He was the reason why the Dragon Gods left for Guiltina. Maybe he is
instinctively reacting to past trauma]
'You really think so?'
[Trauma affects everyone, no matter the species. Aldoron is one of the dragons to have
fought Acnologia during the Dragon King Festival and survived, though not unscathed.
According to legend, Acnologia left a path of death and destruction during the festival.
Seeing something like that can leave scars even if your not aware of it]
Wolfen grabs his face. "You…" He looks up and glares at me with his one eye. "I'll crush
you…!"
[Magical output increasing, he's going on the offensive. Get ready]
Wolfen groans and his magic power pours out and his body
overflows. "RRRAAAAAAAAARRRRGH!" He unleashes a mighty howl that blows
everything away.
"Such power… so this is the being that even Master Geer was wary of!" Seilah said.
Gildarts covers his face from the oncoming debris. "At this rate, he's going to blow us all
away!"
Wolfen's body blurs, his movements untraceable.

"[Paybac-]" A fist collides with my face, the sounds of cracking teeth and bones are heard
before getting blown back by a sonic boom.
-196,799 Damage (-50%)
178,561/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
Wolfen grabs my ankle and proceeds to slam me to the ground. He does this over, and over,
and over.
-98,564 Damage (-50%)
129,279/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
-98,564 Damage (50%)
79,997/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
-98,564 Damage (-50%)
30,715/276,960 AP
326,880/326,880 HP
"Guh…" Even with [Aura], I can still feel my bones breaking from every swing.
Wolfen lets my ankle go but not before slamming his foot on my head, pinning me in place.
He lowers his head and opens his mouth as magical energy quickly gathers right in his chaw.
"... ah fuck…" I groan.
Wolfen unleashes his roar at point blank. The blast was so powerful, you could see a blue
light in the distance from Aldoron's back.
Gildarts and Seilah grab onto something so that they don't get blown away by the blast. When
the dust settles, everyone sees Wolfen standing over a completely charred corpse; nothing
like it was just a second ago.
The two watch in uncomfortable silence until a voice echoes the area.
"Pathetic. For a dragon, you are nothing but a disappointment." Wolfen proceeds to kick the
corpse out of the crater and lets it crash into nearby debris. "Maybe Aldoron-sama will find
some use for your remains."

"You… you bastard!" Rocks and debris rise up from behind Seliah and launch them all at
Wolfen who doesn't even flinch at the projectiles hitting his body.
Large buildings among other structures rise from the rubble. "DIE!" Seliah throws
the entire city at Wolfen, burying him in nothing but tons of concrete and metal.
And yet… it didn't take a second for Wolfen to get out… all with a single wave of his arm.
The God Seed appears in front of the Etherious and lifts her by her neck. "Since you want to
avenge your master so badly, then I will happily send you to him." But that's when he feels it
as well as everyone else; a swift in the magic.
"What is this… why does this magic feel familiar?" Wolfen looks up to see something
unexpected…
There's a bright full moon with a night sky.
"W-What the!? Wasn't it just sunny a moment ago!?" Gildarts said, equally in shock.
Seliah looks at the moon and only one word comes to mind. 'Beautiful…'
All over the body of Aldoron, everybody paused as they looked at the bizarre phenomenon
occurring above their heads.
"H-Hey… what happened to the sun?" Macao said.
"Did someone turn the lights off or something?" Wakaba adds.
Levy turns to her husband. "What's wrong…?"
"I can smell it… there's another dragon here." Gajeel said.
"Are you sure!?" Levy asked.
"What the hell…!?" Laxus mutters.
Natsu, meanwhile, is utterly surprised but blinks as he picks up two scents. One is new but
the other is very familiar.
"Now way. Why is Ignia here!?" Natsu exclaims.
At the same time, in an area that can only be described as a sea of magma and ashes, Ignia
sits on the edge of a volcano.
"So, he really does have [Fire Dragon Slayer] magic, and to top it all off he has that hag's
power, too." Normally, this would make Ignia angry, but instead the dragon god simply
laughs. "Wonderful, wonderful! Let's see what kind of monster can be born from this!"
In Elentear, Selene drinks sake as she senses what's happening.

"At last, you are letting yourself cut loose." She raises her cup at the moon. "I offer Aldoronchan as the sacrifice to your ascension. Show me that you are worthy of the title of [Dragon
Slayer]."
Wolfen's eyes widened in realization. "This magic, it can't be-!?"
"Hey! What the fuck do you think you're doing?"
Everyone looks to see me standing a few feet away drinking an ornate bottle before throwing
it away, his body already completely healed.
"Well I'll be…" A smile slowly forms on the Ace's face.
"M-Master…!" Seilah manages to cry out happily.
Wolfen just looks at me in slight surprise.
I narrow my eyes. "I'll ask again: what the fuck do you think you are doing?"
"What does it look like, human? I'm getting rid of the trash." Wolfen tightens his grip on
Seliah's throat.
"Guh…!" Seliah gags in pain.
Emotions slowly rise within me but are stopped by [Gamer's Mind].
"Still, this is quite a development. To think that I would be in the presence of a [Moon
Dragon Slayer]. Tell me, how did you acquire that magic as well as [Fire Dragon
Slayer] magic?" Wolfen asks.
"Fuck you, that's how." I replied.
"If you're not going to tell me… then you can say goodbye to your pet." Wolfen tries to apply
more strength but feels nothing. When he turns, he is shocked to find his left arm on the
ground and Seliah gone.
The scene switches to show Seilah grasping my right arm and a blade of light coming from
my left.
"...!? When did he-!?" Even the God Seed couldn't track him.
"... you're going to die here." I said.
Wolfen regrows his arm. "Even if I die, Aldoron-sama will simply bring me back."
"Then I'll just kill him, too." I retorted.
Wolfen smirks. "Fool. You cannot defeat a god, it's impossible!" But he is met with laughter.
"What's so funny?"

"The way you said it, you make it sound like you'll live past today." I said. "You see, I'm
usually a patient guy and, while I don't show it, I can still feel emotions before they are
suppressed. And do you know what I felt when I saw you choking Seliah. Well, I
was angry." Darkness begins to overlap with the light. "You tried to take something from
me, tree. You tried to take what was MINE. And I will make sure you live to regret it."
"!" Wolfen doesn't understand. He didn't even feel the blade ripping through his neck until his
head was already on the floor.
"[Lightspeed]. I can move my body at the speed of light, however, I have to be conscious of
which limb to move or else they'll be torn apart." I stare at my trembling arm. "I'll fix it soon
though."
Wolfen just regrows his head.
[You'll have to destroy its core if you want to stop his regeneration]
Light surrounds my body. "[Moon Dragon Lunar Horn]." I propel myself at lightspeeds
and instantly run through him, leaving a large hole that takes up his entire torso.
"Guh…" Wolfen groans as he tries to regenerate the damage.
"[Moonlight Butterflies]" A tornado of light-colored paper-like butterflies ensnare the tree
golem, their light wings tearing its body apart. When it settles, half of the body looks like
Acnologia while the other looks like his original appearance as black orb is slowly being
covered by roots.
[That's the core]
"You… HOW DARE YOU! I WILL MAKE YOU PAY FOR THIS!" Wolfen roars in a
berserk rage. His magical power is going haywire. "I WILL DESTROY EVERYTHING!"
[It seems he has succumbed to the impulses of the black dragon king. I guess in the end,
he couldn't fully control it]
Wolfen raises his right arm as magical energy begins to gather in his hand before releasing it
as one big beam of energy.
… and it's heading right for Seliah!
"!?" Seliah doesn't have time to dodge the attack, but is surprised when her master appears
right between her and the beam. "MASTER!"
The attack strikes true but I activate [Nemesis] just at the right moment and it begins to get
absorbed.
"AAAAAAHHHHHH!" Wolfen puts more energy into the attack, making it much, much
bigger than before.

"Guh…" I groan at the sheer power he is outputting. While not as strong as Ignia's, it was still
difficult keeping myself from falling apart again.
The attack shrinks until there is nothing else but ruined earth. I collapse on all fours, sweat
falls profusely as my body tries to adapt to all of that energy.
"This is where all dragons belong, bowing at my feet. I will make sure to favor your blood as
I empty you of your entrails." Wolfen states, having been fully taken over by Acnologia's
bloodlust.
"Hehehe… you're right, this is the end. For YOU!" I said. "Now, Gildarts!"
Wolfen turns only to be bombarded by a barrage of powerful punches, each one imbued
with [Crush].
"[Crushing Evil, Spreading the Truth: Infinite Heaven]!" Gildarts delivers one last
powerful punch, resulting in an explosion so massive that it wipes the right side of Drasil off
the dragon god.
When the dust settles, all that's left of Wolfen are a few roots and his core which I quickly
smash under my foot.
You have defeated Wolfen! You have gained 199,934 EXP! You haven earned 185,912
Credits!
Level Up(x12)!
Skill Level Up(x4)!
[Moon Dragon Slayer LVL.4/10]
[Fire Dragon Slayer LVL. 3/10]
[Duplicate LVL. 5/10]
Movement Mastery LVL. 34/100]
"And that, is how they say, is that." I turn to my companions. "You two okay?"
"Yes." Seliah confirms.
"Yup, still alive! And still rarin' to go!" Gildarts exclaims.
[Well, it's good to see one of them is ready to fight]
"Say, where exactly did you learn [Dragon Slayer] magic?" Gildarts asks, his comical and
knuckleheaded nature replaced with the seriousness of an S-Class Wizard.
As I open my mouth to respond, something wraps around my foot before pulling me into the
floor.

"KID/MASTER!" The two yell as I sink into the floor.
I slide down until I fall in a room made entirely of tree roots with nowhere out. There's also
an oppressive atmosphere that makes it almost hard to breathe.
"What is this place…?" I said looking around. "This feels like a cage."
"Azzy!"
I turn to the voice and see Natsu running up to me. "... you're here, too?"
"Yeah! I was fighting these weird trees that can turn into people and tricked it. Then, the next
thing I knew I was dragged here." Natsu looks around. "What is this place anyway?"
"If I were to hazard a guess, I'd say Aldoron's stomach." I surmised.
"There are five guardian deities that dwelled within each orb."
"!" The two of us are startled by the voice seemingly coming from everywhere.
"Wolfen reads the minds of people.
Metro commands the might of an army.
Gears is a calculating tactician.
Doom brings death to others."
"Yeah, that last one's a little too on the nose, isn't it?" I remarked. "But wait, you only named
four deities. Where's the fifth?"
"Right in front of you." The roots part and a figure steps forward. It has a kingly appearance,
equipped with a cape, crown, and long horns protruding from his head."I am [God Seed
Aldoron]."
Name: Aldoron
Title: Wood Dragon God, Soul of the Earth, King of the Forest
Level: 138
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods, Five Guardian Deities
HP: 1,345,877
MP: 1,366,313
SP: 1,282,442
AP: 0

Thoughts about you: A lethal threat
Special Skill: Pentagon of Aldoron
The Five Guardian Deities form a chain of power. Increases all base stats x5.
'What the fuck's up with his stats!? They're completely broken!' I exclaimed.
"Are you Aldoron's true form?" Natsu asks.
"In a manner of speaking. What I really am is Aldoron's brain as well as the God Seeds'
leader, [Aldoron]." Aldoron states.
[So he's both the dragon, the brain, and the leader to that tree monster? Alright, this
guy is full of himself]
Natsu smirks. "That's great. You know, I was kind of stumped on how to beat someone like
you," He stretches his arms. "But since you're human sized, beating you won't be a problem."
Aldoron, however, doesn't react to his proclamation. "It appears you are mistaken, human."
His white pearly eyes show no emotion. "All that power in that size is within me."
Suddenly, a large hole appears on Natsu's left shoulder. "AAAAAHHHHH!" Natsu screams
as blood pours down to the floor.
"You will never touch me." Aldoron declares.
"Natsu!" I yell before I feel something run through my legs. "...!?"
-744,677 Damage (-50%)
0/308,280 AP
299,782/363,840 HP
"Shit!" I collapse as I stare at the two holes on both legs. "He… broke through
my [Aura]...!"
"Long have I waited for this moment." Aldoron looks up. "Centuries ago, I battled Acnologia
and was gravely injured and so I took refuge here along with five others. I was not always
this immense originally. Back then, my body was only able to sustain one town and through
that one town, I slowly began to absorb the nutrients of its denizens, and as my body grew I
created more towns to absorb." He explains. "However, the power I gained was too much,
and so I birthed five orbs and five [Guardian Deities] to suppress it."
"And the [White Wizard] destroyed them without realizing it." Natsu surmised as he
clutched his wound.
Aldoron looks at the two humans. "I have grown weary of slumber, that human unknowingly
did me a great service. Her obsession to kill me proved to be her undoing." He stretches his

arms out. "And now, my awakening will end this land once and for all!"
Outside, the ground around Aldoron tears itself apart with every step it takes. The
shockwaves destroy the cities in hands; they have outlived their purpose now.
Natsu grows heavier as he struggles to stand. "I'm not gonna let that happen…!"
"You don't have a choice." Aldoron blasts off Natsu's left kneecap.
"GAAAHHHHHHH!" Natsu kneels, he can't stand upright anymore. "What… the hell!?
Where are these attacks… coming from!?"
I narrow my eyes. 'I don't sense mana coming from this guy, it's like staring at a statue. The
few times I was able to pick up his power was when Natsu screamed. He attacks faster than I
can react.'
"Now then, I have entertainted you two long enough. Time to end this-!" That's when
Aldoron froze with a shocked look on his face. "Impossible! Has Doom been defeated!? This
cannot be…!"
"?" I arch an eyebrow. The chamber's magic has shifted. It felt less oppressive than before.
Natsu, seeing an opportunity, charges forward to attack the living avatar of the dragon.
"Impotence!" Aldoron sends another fast attack.
"...! There!" Natsu dodge rolls the attack.
"Hm!?" Even Aldoron was surprised by this.
"I… I could see it. It was blurry but I could definitely see his attack." I said in shock.
Natsu stops and looks at the God Seed. "I don't get it, but… did your magic just get weaker or
something?"
Aldoron growls.
I quickly use [Observe] on Aldoron.
Name: Aldoron
Title: Wood Dragon God, Soul of the Earth, King of the Forest
Level: 138
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods, Five Guardian Deities
Level: 138
HP: 1,088,457
MP: 1,116,023

SP: 1,000,265
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: A lethal threat
Special Skill: Pentagon of the Aldoron
The Five Guardian Deities form a chain of power. Increases all base stats x5.
My eyes widened. 'His stats have gone down!'
[Pentagon of Aldoron, now I understand. The five guardians form a power conduit to
supply and regulate the dragon's power. If they're destroyed then Aldoron will start to
grow weaker]
"Natsu, I figured it out! His power is drawn from his guardians! Destroying them will weaken
him!" I yelled.
"Really!? That's awesome!" Natsu smirks. "If he's getting weaker, then that means the others
are winning!"
Aldoron's face makes cracking noises as if he's grinding his teeth.
'I already defeated Wolfen. So there are only three guardians left.' I thought. 'We only have to
survive until the others destroy the other two.'
"Guh…!?" Aldoron staggers as he clutches his chest. "Even the Metro has fallen…!"
Name: Aldoron
Title: Wood Dragon God, Soul of the Earth, King of the Forest
Level: 138
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods, Five Guardian Deities
Level: 138
HP: 728,503
MP:812,321
SP: 709,215
AP: 0
[His stats just plummeted again. Fairy Tail really works fast]
"Three down, only two to go." I slowly get back up. "Victory is at hand."

"Do not be so arrogant, human. I am still more powerful than you both!" Aldoron hissed.
Meanwhile
As Aldoron travels the land, someone watches from the skies.
"Hm, Aldoron's gotten slower than before." The clone remarks as he watches Aldoron's slow
and sluggish movements. After leaving Faris and the female Exceed in a safe place, he sensed
something happened to the original and immediately flew back.
He raises his hand at the wood dragon. "Let's try and get his attention."
Orange orbs appear around Aldoron's head. The dragon god can only look before they all
detonate simultaneously.
The smoke disperses as Aldoron unleashes a mighty, earth-shaking roar. He then turns to my
direction and his eyes shine as tree-like spears shoot out from the earth.
"That certainly did the trick!" He narrowly dodges the attacks as they get faster and faster. "
[Draco Meteor]!" A barrage of comets fall from the sky and hit Aldoron all over his back,
thankfully missing the cities stationed there.
"Oops, gotta be careful. Fairy Tail's still in those cities." The clone sees Aldoron slowly
rising. "I guess I will have to do this up close and personal." He flies as his body is engulfed
in [Dark Matter]. The black comet grows bigger as it gets closer to the wood dragon before
crashing just a few feet away from him.
Aldoron just stares as he sees something moving inside the dust cloud before it disperses.
Standing before the dragon god is a gigantic humanoid construct black armor with a red tinge
making the armor appear to be glowing red. It has two sets of arms - one of which can form
wings as part of its form — and six fingers on each of its hands. It has long black hair
flowing upwards like fire with two locks on each side of its face. It has two horns protruding
from its head with the left horn being longer than his right giving it the appearance of a
crescent moon. Its helmet features a long tengu nose and two lines running down from its
mouth to its chin area.
Back in Drasil
Everyone in Fairy Tail had their jaws touching the ground at the spiritual titan hovering over
them.
"HOLY SHIT!" Everyone screams at once.
"W-What the hell kind of magic is that!?" Bickslow exclaims.
Asuka and Romeo's eyes sparkle. "SO COOL!"
Makarov scratches his head. "Kids these days are just getting freakier and freakier."
"AAAAAHHHHH! IT'S A MONSTER!" Wendy and Happy scream as they hug each other.

Carla sweat drops.
"Hold me, Gray-sama!" Juvia hugs Gray.
Gray tries to escape Juvia's superhuman grip. "L-Let me go!"
Jellal, having finished off the final [Guardian Deity], looks at the massive construct in
disbelief and awe.
"That's Asmodeus…" Erza said.
"Jeez," Laxus looks at Erza. "Where do you guys even find these people?"
Elfman flexes his muscles. "That is a true man right there!"
"YEAH!" The other men agree.
"WHY ARE YOU ALL FLEXING!?" Lucy exclaims.
Brandish calmly eats her sunday. "Looks like I have some competition."
Gildarts lets out a whistle in awe. "Damn… who knew the kid was hiding something like
this?"
Seilah smiles. 'I wish you were here to see this, Kyôka-sama. He is worthy of being our
master.'
"What do you think? You're not the only one with a trump card, Aldoron. I call it
the [Susanoo]." I proclaim from within the helmet headpiece. "Now… LET'S DANCE!"
Aldoron roars and charges forward for an attack but is stopped in its tracks by
the [Susanoo] grabbing its fiery antlers.
"These look important." The clone snaps the antlers off before proceeding to raise its right
foot and kick it in the face.
Aldoron howls in pain and sends another of its tree attacks, but they're all deflected by the
construct's massive wings.
"Let's try this out." The [Susanoo] raises its right wing as the left arm moves to grab the hilt
and pulls it out, revealing it to be ōdachi or "Field Sword".
"Hm!" The construct raises the black sword up high before bringing it down, sending a wind
current so sharp and fast that it slices off Aldoron's right arm with incredible ease.
Aldoron starts to lose his balance over his massive body and falls head-first into the ground
with a mighty earthquake following afterwards.
In the cities, everyone grabbed onto dear life as the massive dragon fell.

Dragon God's Stomach
"NO, NO, NO! HOW!? HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE!?" Aldoron demands. "FIRST MY
GUARDIANS AND NOW THIS!? JUST WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU HUMANS
BEEN UP TO THESE CENTURIES!?"
Name: Aldoron
Title: Wood Dragon God, Soul of the Earth, King of the Forest
Level: 138
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods, Five Guardian Deities
Level: 138
HP: 328,503
MP:312,321
SP: 109,215
AP: 0
[Looks like that's as far down his stats will go. Now get ready]
'It's actually funny seeing him lose his cool like that.' I thought with a chuckle knowing how
just a few minutes ago he had the arrogance of a king.
"What's so funny, human!?" Aldoron growls.
My laughter grew louder and louder.
"WHAT'S SO FUNNY!?" Aldoron demanded.
My laughter subsides as I take a deep breath. "Isn't it obvious?" I slick my hair back on one
side and stare down at him. "The joke is you… mongrel."
Aldoron roars and unleashes a massive air current straight at us.
"Pressurized air currents. He's enchanting the trees' byproduct and uses it as an attack. That's
pretty clever." I comment.
"Hmph. So what if you figured out my technique? It is still powerful enough to kill you."
Aldoron states.
"Don't be so sure!" Natsu and I charge forward. ""[FIRE DRAGON ROAR]!"" The duo
release a massive torrent of flames at the wood golem.
"Wait! You're a [Fire Dragon Slayer]!? I thought I was the only one!" Natsu exclaims.

"I wanted it to be a surprise." I admit.
"Dude, we definitely need to fight. I wanna see whose fire is the strongest!" Natsu said.
I laugh. "Sure! Just don't cry when I kick your ass!"
The flames quickly subside revealing an unscathed Aldoron.
"Hey Natsu," I whisper to the Salamander. "How good are you with swords?"
"Hm, I've watched Erza spar. Does that count?" Natsu asked.
"Close enough." I open my [Inventory] and dump [Mage Masher] on Natsu. "You can give
them back after we kill this bastard."
Aldoron stares at the duo with hidden anger. "To think your nutrients would give me so much
trouble. I cannot fathom how you creatures can be so persistent…"
Natsu arches an eyebrow. "Nutrients!?"
"I built towns upon my body and absorbed the lifeforce of the humans living there. By doing
so for generations, I was revived." Aldoron states.
"If you keep fighting, wouldn't you lose those nutrients?" Natsu asked.
"I no longer need them." Aldoron steps forward. "I am the [Wood Dragon God] Aldoron. I
am the avatar of [Nature] and [Life]. I will absorb the other dragons and become the one true
god of this world." He gets into a stance. "And I will start with you both, Igneel's spawn and
Ignia's experiment."
Aldoron sends another shockwave at us, but it's blocked by the upper half of a [Gaster
Blaster].
"The God Seeds' destruction may have weakened me, but it is nothing more than a temporary
setback." Aldoron remarks. "In time, the God Seeds will revive and my strength will be
restored again."
Natsu jumps in front of the blaster and goes straight for Aldoron. "Not if I beat you first!"
"Foolish human." Aldoron moves his arms in a circular motion. "[Leaf Tempest]!" A
whirlwind of leaves appear from nowhere and go towards Natsu.
"Leaves!? This is easy!" He uses his [Fire Dragon Roar] at the whirlwind, but proves to be
ineffective. I managed to push him away just before he could get shredded by the razor-sharp
leaves.
"Did you think I would not have a counter against your fire? There are leaves in this world
that do not burn." Aldoron states from his end of the room, however, he is caught off guard
when his whirlwind disperses, the leaves turning black before they become ash. "What…?"

Black smoke emanates from my hand. "Your magic is worthless if it can be canceled out.
Your dear Wolfen learned that the hard way."
"I see, so you're the source of that odd energy I felt." Aldoron said. "I can sense that it is not
magical in nature. I demand an explanation."
"It's called [Dark Matter], but instead of explaining," I use [Sonido] to get closer. "How
about I give a demonstration!"
Aldoron blocks the oncoming attack with his arm but to his shock and horror the arm begins
to break down and falls to the floor. He then blocks a roundhouse kick with his other arm but
soon the same result happens.
"Your next words are 'why can't I regenerate?' right?" I predicted.
"Why can't I regene-!?" Aldoron stops himself as he realizes what just occurred.
"HUH!?" Natsu gasps at my accurate prediction.
"It's simple really. I can use [Dark Matter] and channel it to a specific area of my choosing."
I said. "When I hit your arms, I injected you with it. It's causing the particles in your body to
decay and break down, replacing them with [Dark Matter]. I'd say you have about another
minute before that body turns into nothing."
Aldoron collapses to the floor, his wooden body breaking down like I said it would.
Natsu stares at the decaying Aldoron. "Is he…?"
"Not yet, but soon." I said.
Natsu looks at me. "You smell like Ignia." He sends me an intense glare. "Are you…
Ignia's son?"
Not a second later, I fell on my ass laughing at his question. Tobi's practically howling in
laughter in my head.
"H-Hey! What's so funny!?" Demand Natsu.
"Y-You think I'm that bastard's son!? T-That's the funniest thing I've ever heard!" I said in
between breaths. "I knew you were stupid, but not THIS stupid!"
"S-Shut up!"
"Okay, okay." [Gamer's Mind] calms him down. "But to answer your question, I am not his
son, but he is the reason why I can use [Fire Dragon Slayer] magic."
"What happened?"
"We fought. We fought and I absorbed some of his magic, resulting in me becoming
a [Dragon Slayer]." I replied.

"YOU FOUGHT IGNIA!?" Natsu exclaims.
"Yup, it was pretty one-sided though." I said. " Afterwards, another dragon god appeared and
after more battles, I got their magic too."
"Cool! So what kind of magic did you get?" Natsu excitedly asks.
"It's-"
"You think… this is the end…?"
"!?" The two look back to see a half-dead Aldoron.
"You think you've bested me…. but it is you who has been bested…!" Aldoron states.
[This guy just doesn't die]
"I am a god… I am ETERNAL!" A hole opens between us as a purple diamond trapped in
tree branches appears.
"What is that?" Natsu asks.
My eyes widened and I charged forward. "I won't let you!"
But it is too late. The tree shoots forward and stabs Aldoron in the chest, absorbing it.
[Oh no]
"POWAAAAAAH! ABSOLUTE POWAAAAAAAAAH!" The entire room begins to
shake violently until it breaks apart and Aldoron falls into the green abyss.
The floor under Natsu gives in but I manage to grab him just before he falls.
"Thanks man." Natsu said.
Outside
"W-What's going on!?" A worried Evergreen asks as the entire city shakes.
Suddenly, wooden spikes begin to shoot from the ground.
"Kya!" Levy screams as she dodges a spike.
"Levy!" Gajeel grabs his wife.
"Guys!" Everyone turns to see Gildarts and Seilah.
"Gildarts! I'm glad to see you well, my boy." Makarov smiles before turning his attention to
the Etherious. "Mira?"

"I am not Mirajane Strauss. I am Seliah of the [Nine Demon Gates]." Seliah reveals
shocking everyone.
"It's okay, master. She's on our side." Gildarts assures them.
"Don't believe him! That woman is controlling him!" Elfman roars out as memories of that
haunting time quickly resurface.
Lisanna trembles in fright as she remembers that day.
Seilah closes her eyes, unaffected by the accusations. "You have every right to despise me,
Elfman. I am, after all, the one who made you almost kill your younger sister." She opens her
eyes. "However, I have no desire to harm Fairy Tail as it would incur the wrath of my new
master."
"As if I believe you!" Elfman roars as he uses his [Take Over] to make himself a giant
chimera-like beast. "Where is my sister!? What have you done with nee-san!?"
"I'm right here, Elfman." He turns to see her sister alongside Laxus, Erza, and Jellal.
"B-But… how!?" He looks at her sister, then Seliah, and then back to her. "How is she
here!?"
"That… is a long story." Mira breathes out.
The quakes grow more violent, the floor under them begins to crack and split apart before
everything… blooms?
"What the hell is going on!?" Cana yells out what's on everyone's minds right.
Within the [Susanoo], the clone watches as the dragon's body shifts and grows into
something more monstrous before slowly rising.
Standing in front of him is a massive dragon made entirely of vines and grass. He has two
large dragon wings made of leaves and has wooden horns adorned like a crown made entirely
of wood.
"Oh boy…" The clone comments as the dragon attacks.
Emerald Altar
The [Master Emerald] and the [Chaos Emeralds] begin to glow brightly as Lamy tries to
assess what is happening.
"WARNING. ENERGY LEVELS RISING PASS SAFETY LIMITS. EVACUATE
IMMEDIATELY." Handles states.
"Shut up! I'm trying to work here!" Lamy screams as she works. "Activate power limiters. It
should be able to hold together."

"ACTION: CALL MASTER ASMODEUS." Handles suggest.
"No way! I won't take time out of his busy schedule just to fix something I can do myself!"
Lamy argues. "Master put his trust in me to keep things running… I won't let some
temperamental rocks get the better of me!"
Dragon God's Stomach
Natsu and I land on a stable platform as the room finishes transforming. It is now a massive
pit with green light growing brighter at the bottom. The light is so bright the bottom cannot
be seen; only swirling green pools are visible.
"What hell just happened!?" Natsu asks.
"Aldoron just absorbed a [Chaos Emerald] and used its power to evolve!"
"WHAT!?"
"It is a powerful artifact with limitless power! He just became more powerful than ever!"
"FUCK!"
A loud rumbling grabs our attention as something rises from the pit. It is a massive demonic
Aldoron with two long horns on its head, replacing his crown. He has no arms, instead
massive brick-like structures covered in leaves cover the stumps.
"NOW, I WILL DEVOUR THIS WORLD! STARTING WITH YOU!"
Author Notes
So, here's the long-awaited update.
So, Aldoron had a Chaos Emerald all along and now has become more powerful than ever.
How will Fairy Tail and Asmodeus handle a chaos-powered dragon?
Makes you wonder what other secrets this dragon has hidden inside his body?
I decided to split it into a two-parter because it was going to take a while (also it's too hot to
keep writing).
Also, school starts later this month so I gotta get ready for that.
Next Updates:
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Broken Light
RWBY: Deck of Fate
Omni Ranger

Fate's Wild Card
Interloper
Peace~

Chapter 16: Fairy Tail: Awakening Part 2
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Natsu and I stare at the massive tree-like monstrosity that was once the golem of Aldoron. Its
shadow was large enough to eclipse the entire room, its roots are as large as buildings, and
face worthy to be a demon's, with a perpetually open maw that shows off the numerous
wooden fangs in its mouth and its long, long horns that stretch across its torso.
"This… is this really a dragon god…?" Natsu whispers, his voice quivering with fear.
I checked its stats.
Name: Aldoron
Title: Forrest Dragon God Emperor, Soul of the Earth, Father of Life
Level: ?
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods, Five Guardian Deities
HP: ?
MP: ?
SP: ?
AP: ?
Thoughts about you: Lunch
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 39/100]

[This… could be trouble]
"Finally… after centuries of waiting." Aldoron spouts. "Nourishing the lifeforce of
millions of humans." The roots begin to expand and stretch. "Now, my true power… my
true form…" It pulls back before unleashing a mighty roar. "SHALL NOW BE
UNLEASHED TO THE WORLD!"
The sheer sonic boom pushes us straight towards the wall behind us.
"YOU TWO!" The ascended wood dragon glares at us. "I appreciate you both for
pushing me to my limits. Now, thanks to you two, I have ascended into true
godhood." Aldoron praised. "Truth be told, I never thought about using that rock. Oh, if
only I had known the true power that was sealed within, I would have used it centuries
ago."
Natsu and I pull yourselves out of the wall.
"But your time is near. Accept my gift."
"MOVE!"
We moved just before a massive hole instantly appeared where the wall used to be.
It was vaporized.
And the worst part of it all is that I couldn't see it just like last time.
"Heh, that was easy," Natsu looks at his enemy with a smirk. "Is that all you got, you tree
bastard!?"
"Shut up!" I hissed, I did not need Natsu taunting him.
"I will admit, I am still getting used to this power. It is very difficult to control." Aldoron
admits before he looks down at us.
"!" As soon as our eyes met, the floor under us turned into a gaping hole. We quickly manage
to get out of it only to continue dodging more holes as we try to run. Natsu, impatient as ever,
decides to run towards Aldoron, making his way through his unknown barrage of attacks
until he leaps right up to its face and his hands ignite.
"[Crimson Lotus: Fire Dragon's Fist]!" Natsu hits Aldoron's face with a furious barrage of
punches, with each collision causing a powerful explosion that blinds the golem. The
explosions caused the entire room to tremble as Natsu delivers punch after punch, never
relenting until his foe is defeated.
"... pitiful." A branch flies out of nowhere and smacks Natsu in an instant, sending him
flying towards the green river below, but I manage to catch him just before he flies over the
edge.

"Did you forget what I told you, son of Igneel? There are leaves that do not burn, and
this body is no different." Aldoron smugly states. "No matter what you do, your flames
will never harm me."
'He's right, fire magic won't be enough to dent this thing.' I thought as Natsu started getting
back up. 'I guess I have no other option.'
Natsu growls at Aldoron before he feels something grabbing his shoulder.
"Now's not the time to lose your cool, Natsu. We need to work together if we want to win." I
said.
Natsu nods.
"Hmph, you think two humans working together gives you an advantage against me, a
god!? That is simply ludicrous." Aldoron mocked.
"Maybe, but then again…" The sclera of my eyes turn black. "I never said I was human."
"Haa… haa…" The clone exasperates as he stares at the monstrous giant of a dragon in front
of him. Ever since it changed, this thing has become more ferocious with its attacks, showing
no restraint whatsoever when it moved.
As a result, the entire area around them has been turned into a lifeless wasteland; a land of the
dead.
"You've… really got stronger, but I'm not finished yet." The [Susanoo] brandishes his swords
at Aldoron and charges forward.
Aldoron roars and follows suit and their massive bodies quickly collide, sending a shockwave
that completely destroys the land around them.
"Ugh…" The clone grunts as the dragon pushes forward. "Don't… underestimate me!"
The [Susanoo] wraps its limbs around the dragon's torso and, with all his strength, flings the
dragon across the region.
"HAAAAAAAAA!" He charges forward, leveling the earth with every step it takes. Aldoron
counters by sprouting hundreds of wooden dragon golems that blast the [Susanoo] with solar
beams from their mouths, only for them to be reflected by the avatar's wings. He slashes
through all of the titanic golems with ease, making a path of destruction before finally
reaching his target. He plunges his sword through Aldoron's side before doing the same with
the other one, with the blades burying themselves to the ground locking his body in place.
"▂▂▃▃▅▅ーーー!" The evolved dragon god roars in pain.
"Die!" The mouth of the mask opens as a familiar glow appears from within. "[Fire Dragon
ROAR]!" A blaze of flames hits Aldoron at point-blank.
"▂▂"

"!" The [Susanoo] leaps back just as a giant wooden Halbert bursts from the ground.
"That was too close… you sneaky bastard." The clone remarks as the [Susanoo] raises its
hand. "But I'd be more worried about the gift I left you."
The ōdachi on Aldoron's sides begin to glow brighter.
"HM!" The [Susanoo] does a hand sign and the blades detonate in a massive explosion,
completely engulfing the dragon.
"Oh shit! I forgot Fairy Tail was still there!" The clone exclaims, realizing his mistake before
he shrugs. "Welp, not my problem! I'm sure the boss will revive them anyway." But that's
when his [Mana Sense] goes off. "Huh?"
The dust disappears revealing Aldoron to not only be unscathed, but his body glowing. Light
travels through the roots as it all converges in its head; in its mouth.
"Oh no, you don't!" The clone summons two [Gaster Blasters] and fires two red beams at
the dragon.
"▃▃▅▅▃▃ー!" Aldoron fires a massive yellowish beam from its mouth and it collides with
the clone's attack.
As the two attacks remain in a deadlock, Aldoron begins to absorb more sunlight as its prey
summons more blasters, increasing their attack power ten-fold. An energy bubble begins to
form in the middle and rapidly expands until eventually*BOOM!*
The [Susanoo] is blown back by the explosion, the clone tries to regain control but crashes to
the ground, hard.
"That attack… that was [Solar Beam]!" The clone groans as he commands his avatar to
rise. 'How does it know a move from a different franchise!? Could it be that the Chaos
Emerald is letting him tap into other dimensions!?' He shakes his head. "No time to think,
gotta go all out." He conjures more swords and raises them to the sky. "[Sword Dance]!"
Aldoron stares as several blue swords circle his prey before they cross together, causing the
avatar to glow red, raising his attack power.
The clone jumps into the air and fires [Braver]. Because of the effects of [Sword Dance] the
trail of light is much bigger and the explosion is even more so.
"▅▅!" Aldoron roars as it continues to be bombarded by a barrage of light trails. It suddenly
feels something pulling its head and finds the avatar pulling on his horns before snapping
them off and plunging them on both its eyes. "▅▅▅■■■■!"
He reels his left arm back. "Now to-"
*SQUELCH!*

The clone slowly looks down and sees a wooden spear running him through his chest. "WWha…t?"
*SQUELCH!*
*SQUELCH!*
*SQUELCH!*
*SQUELCH!*
Multiple giant spears pierce through the [Susanoo's] armor, effectively immobilizing it. The
horns on Aldoron's eyes fall off and its eyes and horns quickly regenerate. It raises its head
high as it gathers solar energy before firing it in a massive [Solar Beam].
"Dammit!" The clone creates a barrier but to his shock and horror the beam breaks through
his defense and overwhelms him completely.
As the smoke clears, a smirk forms on Aldoron's face as he sees the state of his opponent.
The clone wheezes in exhaustion, clutching the wound on his chest as instead of blood, black
smoke leaks out of the wound. The [Susanoo] was even worse for wear; its upper right side
is gone as it flickers in and out like a dying light.
"Ugh…!" The clone clutches his chest and the [Susanoo] falls in response to his wielder. "I'm
running out of time…!" He senses the massive footsteps as Aldoron walks towards him.
"Shit!"
"Yo ugly! How about you take on someone your own size!?"
Aldoron stops and turns on to be met by a sucker punch to the face, which is quickly
followed by another and another.
The clone looks up and can't believe what he's seeing. "You!?"
It was Gajeel Redfox, the [Iron Dragon Slayer] of Fairy Tail, but now gigantic and donning
his [Iron Dragon Scales].
"Hey kid, you alright!?" Gajeel asks as he continues to pummel Aldoron.
The clone hisses as more black smoke comes out. "Not really, kind of dying. Probably got a
few minutes left."
Aldoron quickly bites down on Gajeel's arm, easily bypassing his iron defense causing Gajeel
to scream in pain before he is thrown back by the dragon and crashes onto the [Susanoo].
"Gajeel… I got an idea but I need you to trust me." The clone states.
"Sure, what is it?" He asked.
The [Susanoo] breaks down and begins to wrap around Gajeel.

"What the hell!?" Gajeel can feel this thing wrapping itself around him, the cold sensation of
the spiritual armor makes a chill go down his spine before he suddenly feels power coursing
through his body.
He stands up, revealing Gajeel covered from head to toe in [Susanoo] armor, with the only
part of his body exposed being his face.
"Wow, I feel awesome! I haven't felt this energized since… forever!" Gajeel exclaims.
"Don't get too comfortable." The clone stands on top of his head. "I don't know how long I
can keep this form. For all I know, it may only last a few minutes."
Gajeel smirks. "That's plenty!" Gajeel outstretched both of his arms, with his right turning
into an iron sword-like chainsaw and his left turning into a spiked club. "Let's go!"
The two let out a battle cry as they charged straight to battle.
Black wisps circulate around my body as a dark aura envelops me.
"... interesting." Aldoron said.
Natsu stares in fright at his friend. Before, his magic power was warm and unpredictable,
now his magical power is cold, empty; like he wasn't human anymore.
It was like… he was staring at an endless void.
"Natsu." The Salamander flinches as he sees Asmodeus gazing at him.
A hand slowly enters his vision. "Take my hand."
Natsu hesitates but he slowly reaches for his hand and eventually grabs it. Immediately, black
aura envelops him and Natsu quickly feels a rush of power. "Wow…"
Aldoron summons every branch and root in his body and launches them all straight at him.
"AZZY!" Natsu screams his name but it is too late as all of the roots are inches away from
him.
"[Aura of Despair]" I whispered. "... [LVL. 2]"
As soon as those words are uttered, the attack stops in its tracks; all of the roots and branches
are completely frozen.
"What…?" Natsu mutters, clearly perplexed. Why did the attack stop? And why does it feel
cold in here all of a sudden?
"What is this…? What is this dreadful sensation?" Aldoron mutters. "Am I…
anxious?" He glares at the cause. "W…What have you done!?"

Skill Level Up!
[Aura of Despair LVL. 2/10]
I reach out and summon both [Sparda] and my [Sentinel Battle Axe] and grab them with
both hands.
Without a single beat, I charge forward with [Sonido].
"You may be fast, mortal, but my godly eyes can still see you clear as day." Multiple
spear-like branches rise from the ground and launch themselves like missiles. "Perish!"
My movements didn't alter, my expression didn't change as the attack came closer. I can hear
Natsu's voice but I didn't pay it any mind.
In that singular moment, as the branches prick my face, I grip onto the handles of both
weapons and begin to cut the branches into tiny pieces.
"Impossible." Aldoron states.
"W-What just happened…?" Natsu gawks in awe, his eyes couldn't keep track of his sword
swings so to him, it looked like the branches suddenly fell apart.
Before anything else is said, he vanished!
"...!? He's gone!" Aldoron is taken aback by this, nothing should escape his godly
sight! "Where did you-GACK!?"
The scene shifts to show me stabbing [Sparda] right into the monster's trunk.
I raise my [Sentinel Battle Axe] as the energy blade glows a bright red before bringing it
down, destroying a considerable portion of the monster's body on contact.
"You pest!" Aldoron growls as he sends more roots to attack.
I rip [Sparda] out of the trunk and backflip before the attack can get to me and swing my ax,
sending an energy wave that destroys them all.
I go for another attack but before I could get close, a giant wooden fist appears from the
ceiling and tries to crush me, but I manage to leap away in time though my [Sentinel Battle
Axe] pays the price.
"The hell!?" Natsu exclaims.
The wooden fist begins to shift and transform into the familiar form of Wolfen.
"This ends now, abomination. We will not let you kill Aldoron-sama!" Wolfen states as three
more trees rise and take shape.

One looks like a tall, bushy-headed, and tree-like figure with animal-like claws and an
exposed ribcage. The other was more cartoonish-looking, with the appearance of a wooden
tree-like child with a leaf eccentric covering and dark colored boots. The last one was more
human looking, it has a deadly look, with a distinct palm-tree hairstyle and cape. His arms
have a dark colored tint to go along with sharp claws.
"I am going to break your face!" The tallest one screamed.
Name: Metro
Title: Seed of Strength
Level: 98
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 101,647
MP: 71,899
SP: 87,342
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to fight you
"Hm, I wonder how he is able to harm Aldoron-sama…" The humanoid golem ponders.
Name: Gears
Title: Seed of Fear
Level: 86
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 87,679
MP: 90,155
SP: 65,489
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Fascinated
"Oh, oh! I wonder if he likes games! I have a few new ideas I wanna try!" The child-like
golem jumps up and down in excitement.
Name: Doom

Title: Seed of Death
Level: 77
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 78,093
MP: 86,890
SP: 77,459
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to play a game
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 40/100]
Natsu gives Doom a funny look. "What a weird toy."
"I am not a toy, I am a God Seed!" Doom exclaims.
"Isn't that the same thing?" Natsu said, confused.
"NO, IT'S NOT!" The Guardian Deities all yelled.
I leap to Natsu's side as the God Seeds stare at us although my attention is on one golem in
particular.
"Hello Wolfen. You seem to be doing better." I smirk.
If Wolfen had a human mouth, he'd be gritting his teeth. "You… I will make you suffer for
the humiliation you put me through."
[Remind me who decided to copy Acnologia again?]
"But things are different. Much like Aldoron-sama, our power has evolved." Wolfen began.
"And we will use that power to destroy you humans once and for all!" Metro exclaims.
"Give up and there will be no pain." Gears adds.
"But do try. I wanna play with you all!" Doom beamed.
Natsu holds out both of his hands and summons two balls of fire before charging at Metro. "
[Fire Dragon Brilliant Flame]!"
Metro, however, lazily raises his right arm and catches both of Natsu's fists without even
budging.

"What…!?" Natsu's eyes widened in shock and horror.
"Is the extent of your power, dragon slayer? I'm disappointed." Metro throws Natsu up high
with all his strength, and crashes head-first on the roof.
Doom looks at where Natsu is left hanging. "Wow! Big bro Metro sure is strong!"
"He has always been strong, but Aldoron-sama's blessing has made us all more powerful than
before." Gears states as he stares at Metro clenching his hands.
"..." I stare at the ceiling where Natsu is.
[This may be little harder than we anticipated]
"Do you see now, mortal? Just like me, my guardians have ascended." My eyes shift
back to Aldoron and his crew. "Their power has risen. You have no chance at victory."
"Damnit…"Natsu grits his teeth in frustration.
At the same time
"HAAAAAAA!" Gajeel revs up his chainsaw arm and swings it at the dragon, but it dodges
the swing before biting into his armored shoulder.
"Get off!" Gajeel bashes Aldoron's head with his spiked club, breaking its bark-like scales
and sinking deeper into his head.
"▃▃▅▅▃▃ー!" The dragon god lets go and starts shrieking in pain before it quickly heals
itself.
"This gets us nowhere. Everytime we get a solid hit, that thing will just heal itself." Gajeel
growls.
"You're right. We need to hit it hard and fast." The clone said before collapsing, grasping on
the open wound. "Ugh, it's getting worse! I don't know… how much longer… I have left…"
Aldoron lowered his long wooden neck as welts began to form before shooting out thousands
of extremely sharp thorns straight at us!
Gajeel raises his wings to protect himself, but some of the thorns manage to bypass his
defenses and impale him.
"Ahh! This shit fucking hurts!" Gajeel yells. "Just what the hell are you doing up there!?"
"I'm sorry… but I can't keep up… much longer…" The clone moaned, his breathing
becoming slow and labored.
"Don't say that! You gotta stay awake!" Gajeel roared.
Aldoron raises its head high as it opens its mouth, gathering magical power at an impossible
rate.

Gajeel's eyes widened as he recognized what the dragon was doing, something that all
dragons can do. "Oh shi-"
"̸͚͓̪̱̪̊̽͌ͅW̴̪̥̪̊͌ O̸͚̫̒͒̓̇̏̽͝O̶͕̖͉͔̍͛͐́̒ͅ D̷͈̅͆̂̀͂ D̴̶̨̮͓̪̻̺͖͈̲̗̝̞̥͍̣̽̾̂̌͘͝ R̷͍̬̘̳͕̬̝̺͌͒͊͗̏A̸̢͖͉͕̎̾̑̒̀́͋ G̵̰̠̘͍̣͕̣̈́̈ Ǒ̷̯̳̭̯̠̫̠̜́̒̈̓́́͝N̶̻̙̄̌̇̀̏͑̌̋ ̴̱̍̀͒̈́̚R̸̩̭̙̠̦͖̺͗͋̋̚͝ͅ O̷̢͈̞̺̗͙̠͑͛̎̈́̏̎͘ Ȁ̶̛̞̘̫̌̋̀̅͒̑ R̴̪̫̈̈́̐̐̓̚ !̴̢̪̬̱̩̼̔̈̾̄͘͠"̷̠͙̹͉͛͒̉
Aldoron unleashes a vortex of razor sharp leaves, shredding and destroying the entire area in
seconds!
Gajeel screams in absolute agony as the leaves cut right through the armor and through his
skin and his limbs. Even the added protection from his [Iron Dragon's Scales] couldn't save
him.
"Hang on Gajeel… hang on…" The clone whispers as he clutches his black locks like a
lifeline.
The dragon god stops and a pseudo smirk forms on its bark-like face as it marvels at its own
handiwork.
The earth is scarred. The land has completely changed. What were once plans are canyons.
Mountains have been split apart, reshaped into a series of smaller hills. The forest and its
denizens were torn apart at the microscopic level, nothing remained.
However, that wasn't what Aldoron was staring at.
*BOOM*
There, on a single platform suspended on a thin tower of rock, Gajeel bends a knee as
breathes heavily. The Susanoo armor is completely gone, revealing the extensive wounds all
over his body as blood flows freely like an open faucet.
His eyes twitch as they slowly lose their light.
He can't fall now… he has to keep going… he has to fight…
He has… to…
"… le… vy…" Gajeel slurs out the name as his body slumps forward.
"... For it is in risk we gain survival. Through this, we become a paragon of duty and
sacrifice to outlast all others. Infinite in reach and unbound by ties, I release your soul,
and by my hand, set thee free."
Gajeel slowly opens his eyes. Who said that? Why do those words make him feel safe…
more alive?
Wait, alive!?
"Ugh." With a grunt, Gajeel takes his arms and stops himself from falling before pushing
himself upwards, much to his shock and awe.

"What the…?" Gajeel looks at himself as he notices the green outline on his body, along with
his wounds healing. It wasn't like when he releases his magic. No, this was more internal. He
felt himself getting stronger by the second.
"I just awakened your [Aura]. You're welcome, by the way." The clone hoarsely said, his
hands pressed against his head. "Listen to me, I know you think you're stronger now, but
that's just a side effect of the awakening, it won't last long." He coughs black smoke as the
wound on his chest grows wider by the second. "Our best shot now… is to throw our
strongest techniques into a single, unified attack.
"Like a [Unison Raid]?" Gajeel said.
"Sure…" He gives a raspy reply. "It may not be able to kill it, but it should… weaken it long
enough to give everyone inside a chance." He slowly shakily gets up as he uses the hair
strands for support. "Ready…?"
Instead of answering, Gajeel's body suddenly turns into pure steel. However, unlike his [Iron
Dragon's Scales], his entire body is covered in pitch-black iron scales, and the rest of his
body assumes a black hue as well; his hair also becomes far more rigid and shiny.
His [Aura] also seems to make his magical power more denser as the platform he's standing
on is falling apart.
This is Gajeel's [Dragon Force].
'He… used his [Aura] to jumpstart his transformation!?' The clone thought in surprise.
"Let's do this." Gajeel smirk's all teeth.
The clone jumps out of his head and into the sky, but he doesn't stop. He keeps climbing
higher and higher until his figure is lost in clouds.
Gajeel looks at the wooden dragon and smirks. "I pity you, you know. I may not have known
him long, but I get the feeling that whatever he's cooking, it's gonna hurt. A lot."
"▂▂▂▂▃▃▃▃▅▅" Aldoron growled.
The clone floats above the clouds, the sun shining brightly on the horizon.
"It's funny, even though I'm just a clone, I still don't wanna go." The clone remarks as he
closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
The sun's light slowly dimmed in the west, bringing with it the twilight.
The clone's eyes open, glowing brightly with silver light as well as [Determination].
He claps his hands together, letting energy ripple between his fingers before raising his hands
upwards, summoning a pitch-black [Gaster Blaster] the size of a mountain along with nine
different colored hands.

The hands float towards the back of the dragon skull and stack against one another, their
individual traits flowing and mixing into the primary blaster as it opens its maw and charges
up.
Gajeel sees the glowing lights in the sky. "Guess that's my queue." He claps his hands
together above his head, "[Dragon Slayer's Secret Art…]" His arms transform into a
gigantic sword of pure steel.
"[Dragon Breaker]!" The skull fires a gigantic rainbow beam of colors down to the earth
below.
"[Karma Demon: Iron God Sword]!" Gajeel screams as he swipes the sword down.
Aldoron watches as the two attacks come towards it. It arrogantly scoffs. Aldoron is a dragon
god, no, a Supreme Being! It is immortal, therefore, it is invincible.
The dragon stands there, allowing the attacks to hit it. It screams in shock and horror as it is
sliced apart and engulfed in an energy beam powered by the might of multiple soul traits set
to maximum.
The entire continent quakes as the explosion can be seen from outer space.
When the dust settles there is nothing else, a scorched earth where no life will ever flourish
again.
Gajeel collapses, his [Aura] dissipates as his body shrinks back to his original size. However,
a triumphant smile is plastered on his face as the view shifts to what's in front of him.
Aldoron was burned to a crisp. Its body is charred black as ashes can be seen flying off it. Its
head, sides, and limbs are all gone, torn apart and then burned to ashes. Its torso is all that
remains of its body as the back cracks and caves in.
From the skies, the blaster and hands vanish as the clone falls back and descends
uncontrollably. Its body begins to break down, turning into black smoke as he smiles in
victory.
"It's all… up to you… boss." The clone closes his eyes and disappears, returning back to his
original self.
Tremors are felt as the chamber shakes violently. Adoron lets out a muffled groan as he
slowly convulses in pain.
"Aldoron-sama!" His seeds all look at their god with fear and worry.
Skill Level Up(x3)!
[Sword Dance LVL. 2/10]
[Drago Meteor LVL. 2/10]

[Braver LVL. 8/8]
Skill [Braver] has evolved to [Cross-Slash]
[Closs-Slash LVL. 1/10]
Deals damage at 3.25 times of your total damage, may inflict [Paralysis]. It consists of a
lunge forward and three slices of Cloud's sword that forms a "凶", the kanji for "bad
luck" or "misfortune".
My eyes widened as new information flooded my mind. "Interesting."
[This could work]
"It seems… I have underestimated you. That giant of yours and the [Iron Dragon
Slayer] proved to be more troublesome than I anticipated." Aldoron straightens
himself. "It will take some time and nutrients to repair this body." He stares down at
me. "The nutrients from you and those other humans should do nicely."
I glare at the monster before a piece of falling tree bark catches my attention. I look up to the
ceiling and see Natsu desperately trying to get his head out of the ceiling by punching the
roots with his flaming fists.
"[Dragon Slayer Secret Art: Crimson Lotus - Fire Dragon Fist]!" The flames in his hands
glow brighter as Natsu unleashes a flurry of punches at the roots. They hold out for the most
part before finally reaching their limit and turn to ashes. Pulling his fist back one last time,
Natsu delivers one final punch destroying the roots that were keeping his head in place and
setting him free.
"I'm free!" Natsu exclaims as he descends towards us.
"Impossible!" Aldoron said as he watched Natsu free falling.
Natsu straightens himself before he ignites the soles of his shoes which slows down his
descent until he lands right next to me.
"Hey man, what did I miss?" Natsu asked.
"The usual villain monologue 'abandon all hope' and all that shit." I replied. "How did
you free yourself?"
"I just hit the wood harder." Natsu said with a grin, causing me to sweat in exasperation.
[That's Natsu for you]
A piece of wood falls on Natsu's and looks up to the ceiling as the damage he made continues
to grow. "Oh-uh."
I look up at the MASSIVE cracks in the ceiling. "Natsu, you-"

*BOOM!*
The roof caves in and the debris falls on everybody.
Outside, the Dragon God roars in agony as its back crumbles, leaving a massive hole in its
torso, before it subsequently falls unconcious.
As the dust and debris settle, a black dome can be seen dissipating as Natsu and I step out and
stare at the destruction.
"Well, at least we know he isn't invincible." Natsu smirks but is immediately shut down by
the glare his partner is giving him.
However, before I could clover the guy, something moved within the cloud of dust.
"Oh, everyone alright!?"
"I think I got leaves in my hair…"
"This has Salamander's name all over it!"
The cloud clears, revealing all of the members of Fairy Tail.
"Everyone!" Natsu happily exclaims.
Lucy beamed. "Natsu!" She runs towards Natsu and embraces him. "You're okay!"
"Of course I'm okay. Why won't I be?" Natsu asked, clearly confused.
Lucy doesn't question him, or yell like she usually would. She just enjoys his warm embrace.
… that is until she hears a couple of familiar giggles in the background.
"Ara, ara~ I always knew this day would come~" Mira giggles.
"Ha! I won!" Cana exclaims. "Hey Wakaba! You owe me 20,000 Jewels!"
Wakaba grumbles as Macao pads his back. "I told you not to take that bet."
"Finally! Now Juvia can have Gray-sama all to herself!" Juvia exclaims.
Gray feels shivers running down his spine.
"Oh, what happened?" Wendy groaned. "There was this big flash of light…"
"That was me." The guild turns their attention to me. "Well, not me but my clone. He
protected you all inside a barrier just before his and Gajeel's attacks hit the dragon. My
apologies."
"Master!" I turn and see Seilah running towards me. "I knew you-" She stops as she notices
my eyes. "Your eyes…"

"Not now. We have bigger things to worry about." I turn my attention to the other side as
the Guardian Deities step out of the debris for everyone to see.
"Look at this. It feels like forever since we fought." Metro glances at Gray and Juvia. "I hope
you're ready for round 2."
Gray and Juvia glare at the tree person.
Gears looks at Jellal and smirks. "This time, I drag you down so far that you will never
escape."
Jella says nothing and glares at Gears.
Doom bounces up and down. "Oh, oh! It's so good to see you two! I just came up with a new
game to play!"
Wendy and Carla get ready.
Wolfen turns to his master. "Aldaron-sama, let us handle these vermin. You should focus on
recovering."
"Very well, Wolfen. You all have my blessing. Destroy them in whatever way you
choose." Aldoron sinks into his body.
Metro cackles as stretches his body. "Hell yeah! I can finally cut loose!" He raises his arms
and dozens of wood golems form from the floor. "And for my next trick!" He plunges his
arms into the ground and the entire landscape begins to transform into a makeshift labyrinth
separating everyone.
With his job finished, Metro and the other Guardian Deities sink into the ground, leaving
Natsu and I with Wolfen.
"All right." Natsu slams his fists together as his body ignites while I transform into my devil
form.
""I'M ALL FIRED UP!"" The duo declared.
The guild goes all out against the wood golems. Everyone is fighting the monsters.
Max captures a couple of golems with his hand. "[Sand Rebellion]!" With a swipe of his
hand, the sand explodes.
However, to Max's shock, the golems were unharmed and moved closer to their target.
"Oh, you've got to be shittin' me." Max cursed. "[SandSlash]!" He swipes his leg, sending a
crescent-shaped blast of sand at his targets with great force.
The blast of sand hits true, but it doesn't stop their golem's advance.

Max takes a step back while sweating profusely. "This isn't good…!"
"[Baryon Formation]" A massive beam of energy flies from above Max and strikes the
golems, causing a massive explosion.
"Thanks, man." Max smiles and turns to Bickslow standing on top of a mountain of debris.
Bickslow's grin widens slightly. "Anytime buddy." He cackles like a mad man.
The rest of the guild fights valiantly against the golems, but no matter what techniques they
used, the golems simply REFUSED to stay down.
"We need to keep it together." Jellal yells but that's when he notices a familiar figure in the
corner of his eye.
A smirking Gears is standing before them.
"Oh shit." Bickslow mutters.
Throughout the labyrinth, rest of the guild are having the same problems, no matter what they
do, the golems just won't die.
"If we can't find a way to beat them… I am afraid we won't last much longer…" Makarov
grimly states.
"Stay with me, gramps. We're not dying yet." Laxus told him as lightning crackles around his
body. "[Lightning Dragon's Iron Hammer]!" He punches the floor, engulfing the golems
in a torrent of lightning and destroying much of the surrounding floor in the process.
Erza, donning her [Heaven's Wheel Armor], cuts down some of the golems only for them to
quickly heal and get up.
"No matter how many times I cut them down, they'll just get back up like it was nothing."
Erza states before she blocks one of the golem's punches. "There has to be a weak point
somewhere…"
Meanwhile, at the top of a makeshift hill, Wolfen stares at the two dragon slayers that
annoyed his master as the battle ensues in the background.
"I am glad you will be my first opponent, abomination. Now I shall repay you for my
humiliation." Wolfen's right arm begins to twitch.
"That's only if you can touch us. Last I checked, you can only read someone's mind and
copy the strongest in their mind by touching them." I said only to cause Wolfen to
chuckle.
"Hey, what's so funny!?" Natsu yelled.
"You can't sense it, can you? I have changed since our last encounter, boy." Wolfen raises his
arms in jubilation. "We lowly beings have been blessed with new power by Aldoron-sama.

Our god's mercy and wisdom knows no bounds!"
[Great. He's a total zealot]
"Heh." Natsu smirks. "I don't matter what that tree did, we'll still beat you!"
Wolfen lowers his hands and shakes his head(?). "You mortals just don't get it. You cannot
hope to match the power of a god. That is a fact." His form begins to contort and change. "I
suppose it will be up to me to show you the lunacy of your efforts."
[His Magic Core is changing, but he hasn't touch Natsu at all]
"Before, my magic allowed me to copy the strongest people in a human's mind through
touch, but now that has changed."
In the golem's place is a man with long and spiky blond hair that reaches down to his lower
back. His red pupils consist of several concentric circles, which further enhances his crazed
appearance. He wears a yellow and dark blue skirt-like armor with a red waist ribbon that
exposes the right side of his chest as well as his right shoulder, where his guild mark tattoo is
located.
"I can now take on any form I choose just by looking at you." Wolfen states with a smile,
showcasing his now shark-like teeth.
I cock my head at the new form the God Seed took. Who the hell is this?
"Hey, who are you supposed to be?" Natsu had the same question.
"What do ya mean who am I!? Don't you remember me!? I attacked you on Tenrou Island!"
Wolfen yelled.
Natsu just looks more confused. "You're not the goat guy."
More tick marks appear on Wolfen's head. "It's Zancrow! ZANCROW, YOU BRAIN-DEAD
IDIOT! DO I LOOK LIKE THAT GOAT-FETISH MORON TO YOU!?"
'Zancrow?' I check his stats.
Name: Wolfen (Zancrow)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Dark Fire God, Mad Lord of Purgatory
Level: 88
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Five Guardian Deities
HP: 63,522
MP: 66,879
SP: 56,723

AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Angry
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 41/100]
[Wasn't he one of those dark mages that attacked Fairy Tail?]
A light switch flipped on in my head. 'Oh yeah! Man, I had completely forgotten about the
Tenrou Island Arc.'
[You're getting old]
'I think the word you're looking for is 'cultured', but that's beside the point. Of all the forms he
can take, why choose this one? Zancrow isn't exactly strong anymore by today's standards.' I
glare at the transformed golem's grin. 'Something's not right.'
"Oh, now I remember! You're the guy with [Fire God Slayer] magic!" Natsu's smile grows
wider as his hands ignite crimson. "Now I'm all fired up!"
Wolfen says nothing, but his smile grows by an inch.
My eyes widened as I realized his plan. "Natsu, wait-!" but the [Salamander] already
launches himself forward.
"[Fire Dragon's Iron-]" But just as the attack was about to connect, an arm rises from the
ground and grabs Natsu by his face.
"Hmph, seven years and you still haven't tempered that fire of yours. I thought Makarov had
taught his children better." A familiar voice said from under the floor.
Natsu's eyes widen as a familiar figure rises from the ground. He is a tall, elderly man with
long, slicked back, silvery white hair, revealing his forehead. He also has a mustache, and a
similarly long yet mildly thin and curly beard, reaching down to his lower chest. He has some
wrinkles on his face, as evidenced by his extremely advanced age; nonetheless, despite this
age, his figure is muscular and well defined. His right eye is usually seen covered by a simple
eye-patch.
His outfit consists of a dark shirt paired with armored shoulder pads and shiny gauntlets, as
well as chain-mail covering the parts of his arms remaining exposed, simple light pants with
flames near the edges - held up by what looks like a light belt composed of two straps with
the relative buttons, possibly part of the pants themselves, and dark, simple shoes/boots. Over
this outfit he wears a large, dark cape, bearing Grimoire Heart's symbol on the back and
sporting a mantle with a high collar, lighter-colored borders and jagged lower edges as well
as a a helmet matching his armor, with a prominent metal plate protecting his forehead, with
two lines of studs on the front, siding his face and jutting out in a protrusion on each side and
a darker rear part.

Name: Wolfen (Hades)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Grandmaster of Purgatory, Lord of the Underworld
Level: 100
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Five Guardian Deities
HP: 110,455
MP: 321,754
SP: 129,012
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interest
"To think I will fight Fairy Tail again. What a pleasure." Another figure rises from the
ground.
Name: Wolfen (Azuma)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Underworld's Rot
Level: 76
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 56,788
MP: 71,222
SP: 74,312
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to see if your strong
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 42/100]
"Perhaps this was fated to be. After all, we all have encountered Fairy Tail and we have all
paid the price."
Name: Wolfen (Ikagura)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Killer Blossom
Level: 63

Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 46,787
MP: 61,432
SP: 60,312
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: cute
"It makes no difference. These humans will die at the hands of Aldoron-sama."
Name: Wolfen (Jose Porla)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Shadow King, Wizard Saint
Level: 76
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 56,788
MP: 71,222
SP: 74,312
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Another fairy whose wings need to be clipped
"He is a most gracious master to at least let us have some fun with them before he absorbs."
Name: Wolfen (Jellal Fernandez)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Siegrain, Stargazer, Zeref Archpriest
Level: 90
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 93,821
MP: 100,032
SP: 82,312
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Irrelevant

Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 43/100]
"Well, this is quite an ensemble. I think this is about a hundredth of Fairy Tail's rogue's
gallery." I glance at Jellal and arch an eyebrow. "But why is Jellal here though?"
Hades throws Natsu away and takes his attention to me. "You can't win boy. I have enough
information to create an entire army of your worst enemies."
"Even if we can't read your mind, even you can't defeat us all. So why don't you do us a favor
and grovel under our magnificence?" Jose smirks.
"Okay, one," I held up one finger. "That was creepy as fuck. I don't know why you chose
that face, but you are really asking to be killed."
The Jose clone grits his teeth at the devil's disrespect.
"And what is the second one?" Ikagura asks.
I smirk. "You shouldn't have let my clone get away. Now I know exactly how to beat you
all." I slapped my hands together and a dozen clones materialized behind me. "You know
what to do, boys."
"Roger, Roger!" The clones all fly off and spread across the battlefield.
Jose scoffs. "And what was that supposed to be?"
"Quiet fool." Hades warned him. "What are you planning, boy?"
I walk up to a downed Natsu and place my hand on his chest. His eyes snap open and notices
that not only are his wounds healing but his body is now covered in an orange glow.
My smile just grows wider. "As your master would put it," the doppelgangers look up and
see colorful lights appearing and growing, "an awakening."
The clones fly down to the battlefield and tap every mage they can get ahold of, unlocking
the [Aura] and strengthening them.
"Do you truly think this will change anything?" Jellal asks.
"I don't think, Jellal. I KNOW." I grab my weapons and get into a fighting stance. "NOW
LET'S DANCE!"
"AAAHH!" Gray screams as he is thrown to the side.
"Gray-sama!" Juvia uses her magic to catch Gray midair.

The two weren't in good shape, with bruises that seared their skin purple, their clothes
completely ruined, and blood flowing out of their injuries.
"Hahaha! Look at you two, hard to believe you two managed to beat me." Metro mocked as
he steps forward. "Still, this isn't as fun as I thought. You humans just break so easily."
Juvia holds onto Gray tight before a hand slowly grabs her sleeve. "Gray-sama?"
"Go… get out of here…" Gray whispered. "I'll buy you as much time as I can…"
Juvia shakes her head as tears threaten to fall. "NO! Juvia will not abandon Gray-sama! Juvia
would rather die without Gray-sama by her side!"
"Don't argue with me! Just get out of here!" Gray shoots back. "I… I don't wanna lose my
loved ones again."
Tears fall from Juvia's eyes before an ominous shadow looms over both of them.
"Hm, so you don't wish to leave your mate's side. How noble. You have earned my respect,
human." Metro raises his arms at the two as water pressure builds up in his palms. "As a
show of compassion, I will make your deaths quick."
Juvia closes her eyes as he hugs Gray's neck.
*WOOSH!*
A powerful gust of wind passes by Juvia instead of pain. She opens one eye and sees
something dark instead. As she opens her other eye, she sees a figure standing in front of
them, brandishing a pair of large black wings.
"An… angel?" Juvia mutters. She never knew the color black could be so enchanting, so
beautiful. It was almost like staring at the night sky.
"Well, you're not entirely wrong." Her savior responds, catching her by surprise.
"Hey! What the heck are you doing here!?" Metro demands.
Instead of answering, the interloper raises his hand. "Almighty Push."
As if on command, Metro is suddenly hurled out across the area and crashes into some
debris.
Juvia is shocked, but is even more shocked when her savior turns around and recognizes his
face. "You…?"
"Before you say anything, let me tell you I'm not the boss, I'm just his clone. He sent me
and the others to help you." The clone explains.
"A… clone?" A wounded Gray asks.

The clone cringes at Gray's sorry state. "Damn, you look like you've been put through the
ringer." He kneels and holds out his hands as they turn green. "Hold still, this'll only take a
second."
As the light bathes the two, Juvia can see her and her beloved's wounds healing. Pretty soon,
the two were the picture of health.
"There, now onto the main event." He grabs both of their shoulders. "For it is in risk we
gain survival. Through this, we become a paragon of duty and sacrifice to outlast all
others. Infinite in reach and unbound by ties, I release your soul, and by my hand, set
thee free."
As soon as he finished, the two were encompassed in blue and cyan light respectively. Not
only that, but they feel their strength returning and then some! It's like they unlocked a new
reservoir of power they didn't think was possible.
"What did you do?" Gray asks the clone.
"Let's just say I… opened the gateway to the soul." The clone states.
Gray gives him an annoyed look. "Do you have to sound so cryptic?"
"Why yes. It's funny." He says with a smile.
*DING!* The clone's [Radar] activates and quickly uses his wings to shield the wizard duo
from incoming concentrated beams of water.
"You just had to ruin the moment, didn't you." The clone parts his wings, revealing Metro
already back on his feet.
"YOUR MOMENT!? I WAS HAVING A MOMENT WITH THOSE HUMANS! NOW
THAT YOU RUINED IT, I'LL JUST KILL YOU ALL!" Metro yells.
The clone gives the tree a look. "Weren't already planning on killing them though?"
"It's the principle of the thing! Now I'll beat you three until you beg for death!" Metro
exclaims.
The clone raises his hand before someone grabs his shoulder.
"We'll help." Gray states.
"You saved my beloved Gray's life, that makes you Juvia's friend. Juvia shall not let her
friend fight alone." Juvia adds.
"..." The clone stares at the two and smiles. "Okay, knock yourselves out." He summons
his [Devil Sword Sparda] and gets into his stance. "Just don't slow me down."
Metro pulls his right arm back and lets it grow to monstrous proportions before throwing the
massive fist at us, but the trio easily dodges it.

Gray plants his fist over their palm and aims it at the massive forearm. "[Ice Make: Freeze
Lancer]!" He creates and fires dozens of lances at incredible speeds, but they all break apart
as soon as they make contact with Metro.
"Hahaha! Is that the best you got!?" Metro taunts.
"[Water Nebula]!" Six waves of water rotate around each other and form a drill that hits
Metro with tremendous force, pushing him back.
However, it doesn't affect him one bit.
"Aldoron-sama has made my body unbreakable. Nothing can hurt me!" Metro exclaims.
Suddenly, the clone flies in and slices Metro's torso with his sword.
… and the wound is still there!
"What…?" Even Metro was caught off guard.
The clone turns around and smirks. "It seems Aldoron didn't take my [Semblance] into
account when he enhanced you. His arrogance is knows no bounds." He raises his sword,
showing the dark aura encompassing it. "It took a long while for Wolfen to regenerate
from it. I wonder how much you can take before you fall apart."
Metro glares at the clone before taking the knee as he clutches his chest.
"Ho? You're kneeling? Don't bother because it won't save you." The clone told him.
"Don't you dare…"Metro's body trembles as his magic goes haywire. "LOOK DOWN ON
ALDORON-SAMA!"
Tree roots burst from beneath his feet and the clone tries to fly away but gets trapped. The
roots begin to merge and transform into giant wood golem, with the clone trapped in the
middle.
"Hahahahaha! That's what you are for mocking the [Wood Dragon God], you bastard!"
Metro cackles. "I'm going to enjoy watching you being drained of your life energy!"
The clone screams as from within tree roots stab into his body and begin to drain his vitality.
"You…" Gray grits his teeth. "YOU BASTARD!" He slams his fist over his palm and tries to
conjure a spell, but something is off.
Juvia can see what he's trying to do, but feels that what he's using isn't magic. "Gray-sama…"
On the floor in front of him, the Fairy Tail symbol appears and from it, a fist flies towards
Metro and punches him away.
Another arm rises from the guild mark and together with the other pushes itself out of the
ground, revealing a giant cyan avatar of Elfman in his [Beast Soul] form.

"Wow." Gray was dumbstruck.
"Gray-sama has never done this before." Juvia points out.
"It's called a [Semblance]." The two wizards turn to their bound comrade. "It's the
manifestation of one's innate and personal power as an ability unique to each
individual, with the effects varying greatly from user to user. They vary from person to
person as they are a representation of one's character." He explained. "It's different
from magic since it is connected to your [Aura] which doesn't use [Ethernano]."
"But how did Gray-sama unlock this 'Semblance'?" Juvia asks.
"I'm just as lost as you are. Normally, it takes a while for a person to unlock their
[Semblance]. It doesn't happen just a few minutes after unlocking your [Aura]."
"Gaaaah!" The three turn to see an enraged Metro charging forward. "I AM 420% DONE!"
The avatar of Elfman rushes in and goes for a sucker punch, but the God Seed's faster and
smashes the avatar to pieces.
"[Ice Make: Ice Impact]!" Gray brings their right fist down on their left palm, creating a
massive, intricately-designed hammer made of ice, with ice spikes at the head and brings it
down on Metro, burying him to the floor.
But to the two wizard's shock, the golem has not only caught the hammer but is pushing it
back.
"Ugh!" Gray is being pushed back as he tries to match the golem's strength.
"Don't give up, Gray-sama! Juvia has faith in you!" Juvia exclaims as her body begins to
glow blue and her [Aura] moves and connects with Gray's.
'Win, my love!' "!" Upon hearing Juvia's voice in his head, Gray suddenly feels power welling
up inside him.
"Urgh!?" Metro struggles to lift the hammer and begins to sink into the ground.
"Seriously!? She unlocked her [Semblance], too!?" The clone exclaims before he
smiles. "I guess Fairy Tail really is special."
"Go, Gray-sama, GO!" Juvia cheers, overcharging the ice wizard with more energy.
"Guaaaah!" Metro's arms break and he is crushed by the hammer.
Gray lets out a sigh of relief before he gets tackled by Juvia.
"Juvia knew Gray-sama would win! Gray-sama is amazing!" Juvia exclaims as he nuzzles on
his bare chest. "Gray-sama's chest is cool and hard~"
Gray blushes and tries to pry the water woman off. "Hey, get off me!"

"Gray-sama~"
*CRACK!*
The two turn to see cracks building on the ice hammer before two massive roots sprint out of
the ice and wrap around the two wizards.
"You two have annoyed me for the last time." An unscathed Metro walks out of the ice and
brings the two closer. "I should have done this from the very beginning."
He begins to crush the two with his roots.
"AAAAAAHHHH!" The two scream as their bodies get crushed.
"Once I kill you two, Aldoron-sama will use your bodies as nutrients for his recovery. Maybe
he'll even give me some of your magic." Metro said.
"Alright, that's enough."
Black blades rain down from the sky, causing Metro to leap back as his arms are shredded,
freeing the wizards.
The clone stares as the golem that keeps him trapped turns black before breaking down, and
shoots towards Metro.
The God Seed has no time to react and get runs through the torso where the clone had
wounded him earlier. The wound expands as black smoke exudes from the gaping wound and
Metro's body begins to fall apart.
"It.. can't be… humans can't…" Metro mutters in disbelief. "For…give me… Aldoro-…" He
doesn't finish as his body turns into [Dark Matter].
The clone absorbs the [Dark Matter]. "That's one down." He turns to the two
wizards. "You two okay?"
"Yeah, we'll live." Gray gets a good look at the clone. "I didn't know you're a [TakeOver] mage."
The clone shrugs. "It's a little more complicated, but the boss will be willing to explain
after this is over." He spreads his wings and slowly ascends. "I'll clear the path ahead,
you two stay here until I get back.
As the clone flies off, Gray lets out an exhausted sigh before getting tackled by Juvia's tight
embrace.
"Gray-sama must promise Juvia to never say such words to Juvia again!" Juvia ordered.
Gray smiles and pats her head. "Okay, I promise."
+50 Reputation with Gray Fullbuster (50/100)

+48 Reputation with Juvia Lockser (48/100)
Erza delivers a spinning slash at the golem, causing it to lose its balance and collapse. The
Titania breathes heavily as she looks down at her downed enemy before turning her attention
to the other dozen golems charging towards her.
'At this rate, I will be at their complete mercy. I guess there is no other option now.' Light
engulfs her as she changes to another set of armor. It has a dark slate color with a lighter gray
trim. The shoulder guards are a light gray color with a large spike protruding off of it. The
arm guards bear a simple weaving pattern with three spikes jutting out, each smaller than the
last. The leg greaves start just below her hips with three progressively smaller spikes
protruding starting at the knees. Around her neck is a small necklace of black, diamond
shaped jewels. A single horn works its way out from underneath her hair atop her head.
"[Purgatory Armor]." Erza raises her massive spiked mace at the golems. "The moment I
donned this armor, your fates have been sealed. None of you shall escape!"
Erza takes one foot forwards, and vanishes! The golems look around for any sign of the
human before one of them is crushed by an unseen force!
"!?" More golems are torn apart with seemingly no effort whatsoever, they are too slow to
comprehend what is happening before they are completely destroyed.
Erza reappears back in her original spot. She looks at her gloved hand before clenching it to
make a fist. "Good, the enchantments worked better than I expected. It was a good idea to
have this armor restored before leaving."
While Erza knew this armor's capabilities, it wasn't very reliable. Twice had she worn this
armor and twice had it been destroyed. She had acquired better armors since, but she could
not let go of this one. So, sometime before she departed for the quest, she had the armor
restored and enhanced so that she may use it as well as acquiring new and powerful armors
for her arsenal.
Erza looks up annoyed to see the golems already restoring themselves.
"Tch, such an annoying bunch." Erza grumbles as she raises her mace. "I will make sure you
never get up again!"
Just then, something falls between Erza and the golems, and the Titania is left dumbfounded.
"Mira!" Erza rushes to her downed friend. Her cloak was torn to shreds, leaving the
demoness with just enough to cover her breasts and lower torso, giving her a very risque look
that leaves little to the imagination.
"Hey Erza…" Mira weakly greets before cringing in pain.
Erza kneels and carefully cradles her friend. "What happened? Who did this to you?"
"... up…" Mira whispers to Erza and the knight turns her gaze to the sky.

There, up in the sky, are an army of wood golems but unlike the ones of the ground, these
ones are smaller and more aerodynamic in appearance, with jetpack-like protrusions coming
out of their backs releasing condensed air pressure allowing them to fly.
The airborne golems raise their hands as magical energy begins to gather and compress.
Erza's eyes widened as she recognized what they're doing. "No way-" But before she finishes
the golems fire the compressed magic at the two, combining into one MASSIVE beam of
energy.
*BOOM!*
An explosion erupts the area, a large mushroom cloud rises into the sky as the golems blankly
stare as the clouds dissipate.
Standing in the epicenter of the blast are two large bladed shields that have cracks
everywhere before quickly falling to pieces.
Erza soon falls herself, her armor falling apart the moment she moves as she breathes heavily
from the immense pain coming from all over her body.
"To think… they had something like that. It felt like I was hit with multiple Jupiter shots all
at once." Erza states.
The golems begin to gather more magical power.
Erza's eyes widened in disbelief. "No way! They can fire in succession." She slowly gets up
and stares back at them, [Determination] etched into her face as she struggles to stay
balanced. "I won't… let you pass…!"
However, just before they fire, something black latches onto the golems and begins to
consume them, much to Erza's shock and awe.
"Looks like I made it just in time." The Titania of Fairy Tail looks up and the first thing she
sees is a pair of beautiful raven-black wings descending down towards her until a familiar
figure touches down just a few feet from her.
"Hold on." He raises his hand as it glows with green light and all of a sudden she feels
better. "How are you feeling? Better?"
+30 Affection from Erza Scarlet (57/100)
Erza blushes at the show of concern from the devil man, "I-I'm fine!" 'What is wrong with
me!? Why am I stuttering like a little kid in front of this handsome man!?' She then realizes
what she said and blushes harder.
The clone glances behind to see the unconscious and heavily injured Mira. He quickly walks
past Erza and kneels in front of Mira before using his healing skill on her.

Mira opens her eyes and the first thing she sees is a familiar pair of silver eyes with black
sclera.
"Hey there, sleeping beauty. Welcome ba-"
*SMACK!*
Erza flinches as his head whips back, a visibly large red hand print etched on his right cheek.
"Okay. I deserved that." The clone remarks.
"You most certainly do." Mira agrees as promptly stands up. "Be thankful all I did
was smack you."
"To be fair, you were under mind control." The clone points out as he stands up.
"That still doesn't give you the right to threaten my family's lives!" Mira snaps back.
"Okay, you got a point, but counterpoint: it was a life-or-death battle and anything goes.
Also, you were going to use your [Take-Over] magic on me so I think that makes us
even, yes?" The clone states.
Erza, meanwhile, looks back and forth as the two argue while sporting a confused look on her
face.
"Whatever." Mira sighs before looking down and seeing her rags seamlessly slipping off her
body. Thinking quickly, she takes the largest pieces and ties them to her most important areas.
"There. That should do it for now."
"You know I've been standing here the entire time, right? Like, I literally just saw you
naked." The clone said.
"Did you enjoy the show?~" Mira teased.
"Yes. And I wanna push you down to the floor right now." The clone replies, surprising
the two girls.
"O-oh, w-well… t-thank you…?" Mira stutters, unsure how to feel about this.
+22 Affection from Mirajane Strauss (22/100)
'So forward!' Erza blushes as her mind starts drifting to some lewd imagery of the two
together before shaking it off. 'No Erza! Mira's your friend! Plus, you already have
someone!'
"But I think the boss will get mad at me if made a move on you, so let's put that aside
for now because that's not why I'm here." The clone states. "I'm here to unlock your
[Aura]."

"What's [Aura]?" A confused Erza asks before the devil man grabs both her and Mira's
shoulders.
"For it is in risk we gain survival. Through this, we become a paragon of duty and
sacrifice to outlast all others. Infinite in reach and unbound by ties, I release your soul,
and by my hand, set thee free." The clone chants as red and white outlines appear on Erza
and Mira's bodies.
Mira looks at her hands and the white energy surrounding her. "Wow…"
"Indeed. I suddenly feel stronger than ever. Even my earlier fatigue is gone." Erza adds.
"Yup. [Aura] boosts your strength, speed, and most importantly, defense. It creates an
outer shell made of your spirit energy that protects you from most damage and gives a
healing factor." The clone explains. "It also gives you an extra ability."
Before he can explain further, a large wood golem rises up from behind him.
"Asmodeus!" Erza's [Aura] manifests and suddenly an energy copy of herself jumps out of
her body wearing her [Flame Empress Armor] and slices the golem with her sword, igniting
the golem and burning it.
"... like that." The clone finishes as he watches the golem burn to nothing.
Mira looks at her friend/rival awestruck and a little confused. "Since when did you
know [Clone Magic]?"
"I don't." Erza replied.
"That was a [Semblance]." The two turn to the clone. "To put it simply, it's an ability
born from the user's character and personality." He turns to Erza. "Based on what we
saw, your [Semblance] allows you to create clones that can wear your armors."
"If that's the case, what does Erza's [Semblance] mean?" Mira asks.
"Maybe nothing. Maybe it represents her love for you all and how she wants to be by
your side even if you're all miles away." A smile creeps up on the clone's face. "Or maybe
it's something more perverted~"
Erza blushes and punches the clone on the shoulder, which he doesn't even flinch.
"Normally, [Semblances] aren't awakened on the spot. They usually take days to
months, sometimes they don't awaken at all. The fact that you unlocked yours so
quickly is unprecedented, but not in a bad way. It just shows what a loving person you
are." The clone smiles at the red knight.
Mira coughs, getting our attention. "If you're done flirting, we should help out the rest of the
guild."
The two nod, run to meet with the others.

Chapter 17: Fairy Tail: Awakening Part 3
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Laxus coats his arms with lighting and punches the wood golem in front of him, the force
from the attack is powerful enough to knock the other golems like dominoes.
"Tch, bastards don't know when to quit." Laxus punches more enemies. "The more I hit, the
more I appear."
"We have to endure Laxus. A solution will surely show itself soon." Makarov assures his
grandson as he activates his signature magic to become a giant.
Makarov pulls his fist back towards the army of golems. "Hm!" He pushes his arm forward,
sending a massive shockwave powerful enough to trap all of the golems in the air current,
lifting them up and sending them on a collision course to the wooden walls.
However, more wood golems rise from the ground and quickly surround them.
"Sweep away the darkness." Makarov moves his hands in various ways, ultimately placing
their index and middle fingers on his forehead and sequentially swiping them forward along
with his other hand. "[Rain of Light]!" From both extended palms, Makarov fires multiple
rays of Light Magic towards the wood golems and burns them to ash.
Makarov's body shrinks back into his normal size. "Let that be a
lesson. NEVER underestimate Fairy Tail!"
"Heh." Laxus smirks only for it to turn to horror. "Gramps, behind you!"
Makarov doesn't have time to turn as roots and branches wrap around his body. He struggles
to break free as the roots sink into the ground, dragging him with them.
"Gramps!" Laxus sprints towards his grandfather and quickly grabs one of the roots keeping
him trapped and pulls. He pulls with all the strength he can muster but their grip is too strong.

"Stupid tree! Let go of him!" Laxus exclaims before more roots rise from the ground and
ensnare him as well.
He tries to use his magic but it doesn't work. "I can't use my magic!"
"Me neither. These things are feeding off our magic!" The Dreyar duo try to break free as
their bodies sink further into the ground. "At this rate, we'll be completely swallowed!"
"Then we better get out of this before that happens." Laxus said he and Makarov continue to
try and break out of the trap.
*SLASH, SLASH, SLASH!*
Suddenly, the roots keeping them trapped are cut off. Confused, the two quickly pull
themselves out of the ground before a figure lands behind them.
Name: Makarov Dreyar
Title: The Three-Time Guild Master, Everyone's Grandpa, Light Fairy, Mr. Family
Level: 102
Affiliation: Fairy Tail, Ten Wizard Saints
HP: 55,845
MP: 66,312
SP: 16,444
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Shocked
Name: Laxus Dreyar
Title: Thunder King, Fairy of Pride
Level: 90
Affiliation: Blue Pegasus(former), Fairy Tail
HP: 61,001
MP: 49,467
SP: 21,901
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Shocked

"That was close. You two were almost buried alive." The Asmodeus clone said.
The two look shocked at the sight of the boy's devil form, having never seen it before.
"Who are you?" Laxus asked.
The clone blinks before smacking his forehead. "Right, you two probably don't remember
me." He said. "My name's Asmodeus. I'm a friend of Team Natsu. The boss sent us
clones out to help Fairy Tail."
Laxus arches an eyebrow. "Huh. It's not often you see [Cloning] and [Take Over] magic
being used at once."
Makarov narrows his eyes. "That's not a [Take Over] Laxus, that's a true demon."
Laxus whips his head to his grandfather. "Seriously!? So, he's a demon from the [Book of
Zeref]!?"
"Nope! I am 100% a genuine demon! An Etherious can't hold a candle to the genuine
article." The clone proudly states before looking at the old man. "Though I'm curious, how
did you figure it out?"
"All human wizards absorb [Ethernano] into their bodies in order to perform magic, we
thrive on it. This is what we refer to as positive energy. An Etherious is basically a cluster of
magic particles given life through Zeref's magic and though they use [Curses] instead of
magic, they are still derived from the same source." Makarov explains. "Demons, true
demons, are rumored to use the opposite of that, called [Negative Magic]. It is said to be far
more powerful and far more dangerous than anything in existence as it is derived from true
apathy, the complete disregard towards existence." He looks at me. "Your body is exuding
tremendous amounts of negativity, that is how I knew you were a demon."
The clone was surprised by this revelation. Does this mean the demons in this universe can
use [Dark Matter] as well?
"Still, I'm curious as to why a demon is helping us humans." Makarov states.
The clone shrugs. "Well, the boss is a bit of an oddball and just does whatever he wants.
Also, he's a big fan of Fairy Tail so that helps."
"... your boss is a fan?" A clearly skeptical Laxus said.
"Yup! You can likely imagine his reaction when he first saw Natsu and his group, the
guy almost went full fanboy mode." The clone smiles. "He, and by extension we, love
Fairy Tail. We heard of your exploits, your adventures throughout Ishgar. It is one of
the few things that inspired him to keep going during the harshest time of his life. You
are his inspiration, after all, and he'll protect you all till his last breath."
Makarov closes his eyes, letting the clone's words sink in. "You truly love our guild, don't
you?" A smile forms on his wrinkled face. "Very well. If you've come to save my family, who
am I to refuse?"

+67 Reputation from Makarov Dreyar (67/100)
+46 Reputation from Laxus Dreyar (46/100)
The clone smiles in turn. "Thank you, sir."
"Hey! If you two are done, we need to get a move on." The voice of Laxus snaps us back to
reality.
"Laxus is right. We need to help the rest of the guild." Makarov said.
"Before that, let me give you something." The clone grabs their shoulders. "For it is in
risk we gain survival. Through this, we become a paragon of duty and sacrifice to
outlast all others. Infinite in reach and unbound by ties, I release your soul, and by my
hand, set thee free."
The two look at each other as light emanates from their bodies before turning to the clone.
"What did you do?"
"I'll explain on the way. Grab onto me." The two grab onto the clone as he extends his
black wings. "Hold on!" With a single flap of his wings, flies upwards, out of the labyrinth
and into the sky.
"Ugh!" A woman groans as she gets pushed back by an unseen force. She wears her green
hair in a bob with bangs cut above her eyes, along with two, purple cross-shaped objects
attached to the sides of her head like horns. She also wears silver cross-shaped earrings. She
wears something akin to that of a gold colored bikini pressing tightly against her amazing
bust and her perfectly toned body along with a golden fancy coat with purple-indented flower
patterns across its design, along with purple fur around the collar.
The bikini is designed with a single curved line with multiple arches in the middle while
separating the upper part of it from the more detailed lower part. The upper part of the bikini
is in gold while the lower parts of it has a dark-brown color with horizontal gold colored
diamond shapes scattered all over it.
In addition, she wears a dark-brown choker around her neck with golden chains attached to it,
running across her back in a T-shaped pattern. She completes her outfit with a pair of darkbrown high heels with purple nail polish coat on her toenails; the Alvarez Empire's mark is
on her right thigh.
This is Brandish μ. A former member of the Spriggan 12 and holds the epitaph of [Nation
Destroyer].
"Even after all this time, you have not changed at all." A male voice states. He is a relatively
tall, fair-skinned, still quite well-toned old man with blackish eyes and roughly shoulderlength, wavy, grayish-white white hair, with the majority of his bangs swept leftward. He has
a short mustache, and a lengthy, mildly thin beard that reaches down to his upper torso,
shoots up towards the mouth in large spikes, and links to his main hair via sideburns as well

as having thick eyebrows, a pronounced nose bridge, and high cheekbones. He also has a
dark tattoo consisting of a thick dot surrounded by two circles on the back of his left hand,
and two straight lines going from the circles' bottom end down the front of his forearm.
For clothing, he sports a long, white and purple robe consisting of two major pieces: a long
garment that reaches past his knees, with a tattered bottom edge and intricately designed
linings on the ends of its sleeves, including a line of dark lozenges, and a shorter, more
billowing garment above it, over only his chest area. The longer garb is kept tied together
with a thin light girdle made of a seemingly rope-like material. An externally and internally
dark-colored cape is additionally above both parts of the robe, jutting out in sharp, more
elongated lozenge-shaped spikes around the back of his head, also having a tattered bottom
edge, having the Alvarez Empire's symbol emblazoned on its back, and being kept in its
place by a long, less wide cloth tied around it and August's neck, which in turn is held fast by
a spherical dark clip. Finally, a dark ring on his right middle finger and plain dark high boots
complete the outfit. He carries a staff akin to a wand in his right hand, surpassing its owner's
height, with a long and thin, gnarled wooden haft and a dark, round gemstone fixed upon its
tip, partly overgrown by the wood.
This is August. The former leader of the Alvarez EmpireSpriggan 12 and the one who holds
the epitaph of [Wizard King].
"August-sama…" Brandish whispers half in shock and half saddened.
"It is odd to hear you so emotional, August." Another voice chimes in. He's a young man
with short black hair, dark eyes, and abnormally sharp canines. He wears high-collared black
and tan robes with gold trim, along with a large, flowing white toga draped around his torso
and a pendant around his neck.
This is Zeref. The First Emperor of Alvarez and the legendary [Black Wizard].
"Forgive me, your majesty. I am just not fond of traitors." August said.
Zeref closes his eyes. "You don't have to call me 'your majesty' anymore. I am no longer your
king, but a servant of Aldoron-sama."
"Even so, this body still desires to remain loyal to you, your majesty, as well as Aldoronsama. I shall stay by your side till the very end." August declares.
Zeref hums before opening his eyes and looks at his former Spriggan. "It's been a while,
Brandish. I hope you have been doing well."
"Your majesty…" Brandish whispers in both respect and fear.
"To think the little girl August brought to my doorstep would become one of the most
powerful wizards in the world. As your emperor, I could not be any prouder." Zeref flashes a
smile before it turns into a frown. "However, even though I have the memories of the [Black
Wizard], I am still a Guardian Deity and you are the enemy and as such, I must eliminate
you."

Brandish frowns at Zeref's words. Despite knowing that this isn't really him, hearing those
words coming out of his mouth grips her with a plethora of guilt.
She shakes her head, quickly burying her guilt as she replaces it with tranquility before
standing up. "It is good to see you both, however, I know you took those forms in order to
break me." She grabs her coat and throws it into the air before removing the choker around
her neck.
Immense magical energy begins to shroud her body as she stares at the two with burning
anger in her eyes. "How dare you spit on their image. I will make sure you suffer for that."
Brandish snaps her fingers and suddenly the surrounding debris and fallen golems are pulled
towards her, forming a large orb of crushed rock and wood before quickly shrinking as it
becomes more and more compressed.
"[Command T: Expansion!]" Her hold on the sphere breaks, unleashing a massive tsunami
of sand that quickly swallows her entire portion of her labyrinth.
However, the sea of sand splits revealing August and Zeref completely unharmed.
"Did you think something like that would defeat us?" August calmly asks.
"I was not trying to defeat you. I was trying to showcase my intent." Brandish states.
"You truly wish to fight us?" Zeref asks.
"His majesty and August-sama are already beyond this world. You are just parasites that dare
take on their visage and I cannot allow that." Brandish declares and vanishes.
August raises his staff just in time to block Brandish's incoming kick but is pushed back by
her incredible strength. He grabs Brandish's shoulder and tries to force her down, but the
Spriggan manages to not only break out of August's grip, but reveres the maneuver and now
she is on top of him.
"[Command T: Reduction]" Brandish uses her magic to shrink him but he simply returns to
normal size before getting hit in the abdomen by his staff, sending the woman flying.
"Did you forget who taught you that magic? I can easily counter it." August rises up,
levitating before landing back on his feet.
Brandish takes a step forward and disappears in a blur, but August easily catches her and
goes for a punch.
Brandish expects this and uses [Command T] to shrink herself to avoid the hit before using
it again to regrow into her origin size.
"Such great potential, it's a shame you are using it incorrectly." August declares, confusing
Brandish.
"What are you talking about?" Brandish asks.

"[Command T] does not simply alter an object's size or form, it gives the user command
over the building blocks of our world and twists them to their desires. In short, it requires
imagination to reach its full potential." August stares down at her like a disappointed parent.
"You have been wasting the magic I taught you and doing it so disgracefully. You bring
shame to the Spriggan 12 and Alvarez as a whole."
Brandish grits her teeth, her magical power rising exponentially as cracks appear under her
feet. "I grow sick and tired of hearing you speak, faker! How DARE you imply such a thing!?
You are not August-sama!"
"I hold his memories, magical ability, and personality. I am as close to the [Wizard King] as
you remember him. Therefore, my words are true." August states making Brandish even
angrier.
She uses her [Command T] on herself although this time, she uses it to grow into a titan. She
cocks her arm back and brings it down on the clone with all of her strength, making the entire
place shake and crack from the impact. But she doesn't stop, and continues to send punch
after punch, over and over again, with each strike increasing in ferocity.
"[Command T: Bend]"
Suddenly, Brandish's limbs bends unnaturally causing her to shriek in pain as she falls
backwards.
"Do you see, child? This is how you should use [Command T]." The unscathed form of
August rises from the crater. "You can never master this power because you hold love inside
you."
More of her limbs begin to twist and bend in ways they shouldn't, causing the girl to scream
louder. Her body returns to normal as she can no longer maintain her magic.
"You are a failure. You're only purpose was to be a simple pawn that was meant to be used
for the sake of his majesty's goals. And you failed even that. Scum like you will suffer in
ways so horrible that death will seem like a reward!" August exclaims as he continues to
torture Brandish with her own magic. "Ironic, yes? For a worthless failure like you to suffer
by her own magic. And that is only the beginning."
Zeref looks on blankly as August continues torturing her before his attention is suddenly
drawn upwards.
*BOOM!*
A loud shockwave echoes out as something lands hard in front of Zeref, blowing him away.
"Your majesty!" August cries in horror.
Brandish slowly moves her head upwards and the first thing she sees is a pair of raven-black
wings.
"Be… autiful…" Brandish whispers out.

"It's you." August states.
The clone stares at the two clones.
Name: Wolfen (Zeref Dragneel)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Black Wizard, Emperor Spriggan
Level: 111
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 98,934
MP: 234,544
SP: 87,136
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Anger, interested.
Name: Wolfen (August)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Wizard King, Disaster
Level: 109
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 81,278
MP: 175,411
SP: 79,544
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Anger, curious
He then glances at Brandish.
Name: Brandish μ
Title: Nation Destroyer
Level: 91
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire
HP: 10,200

MP: 3,112
SP: 10,206
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Too hurt to think
"..." The clone of the Gamer glances at Brandish's twisted form and makes his way towards
her.
August stands aside as the devil man proceeds to kneel next to Brandish. "Don't worry, I'm
here for you."
Brandish's eyes turn to the clone as her breathing becomes more and more labored. The
demon man raises his hands and she is bathed in green light. The light begins to unbend her
limbs and arranges her bones back into place.
"I sometimes wondered whether I'm actually healing someone with magic or just simply
turning back the clock to an earlier point. Never bothered finding out, though it didn't
matter as long as it got the job done." He mused.
"Who… are you…?" Brandish manages to ask.
The clone smiles. "I'm someone you can believe in."
+20 Affection from Brandish μ (20/100)
Light pink dusting appears on Brandish's face. 'He's so handsome…'
The green glow fades and the clone places his hand on her shoulder. "Now for the next part.
This won't hurt." He assures her. "For it is in risk we gain survival. Through this, we
become a paragon of duty and sacrifice to outlast all others. Infinite in reach and
unbound by ties, I release your soul, and by my hand, set thee free."
A pink field appears on Brandish and suddenly she feels stronger.
"I don't understand. Why are you wasting your time healing that worthless failure?" The
voice of August snaps us out of our musing.
Brandish winces at the doppelganger's harsh words.
"Don't listen to him. That overgrown weed just wants to get into your head. You aren't a
pawn meant to be used or scum, you're an exceptional individual who should live your
own life and make your own choices. Even if the real August felt that way, he would still
be wrong, and even if you felt that way, I would show you otherwise." The clone assures
her. "So dry your tears, okay? It ruins your beautiful face."
Brandish raises her hand up to her face and realizes she has been crying.

"As for you, you got my curiosity." He stands up and stares at the elderly man. "I've read
all about you, August, the [Wizard King]. Such a lofty title and yet I wonder why you
haven't killed her yet? You easily could. And that's when I realized something." He
smirks. "You can't."
"..." August stays silent.
"Wolfen's magic allows it to read a person's mind and takes on the form of the strongest
person that comes to the victim's mind, whether that is an enemy that they've fought in
the past… or someone close to them and uses that power against them. A powerful
combination, I'm sure you can agree." The Asmodeus clone begins to walk around the
doppelganger. "So then I thought, 'how can Aldoron take that a step further?' How can
he overwhelm his victims further?' And then it came to me… you would need to take
something else, something that would rock a person's very soul. And that's what you
did, you dug deep into her mind, found her worst fears and gave them a shape and
voice, and who better than the two people she revered most in life?" I give him a
sarcastic clap. "For an overgrown weed, that is very clever."
Wolfen grits his teeth. "So what if you figure out the nature of my new magic? It makes no
difference." He glances at a struggling Brandish. "I have already planted the seeds to her selfdestruction, you can't save her. You're not even the real him."
"Oh, you really think your victory is assured? I don't remember you being so
arrogant." The clone remark. "But fine, show me that power you worship so much."
Wolfen suddenly explodes with magical power so immense that the sand on our feet hardens
and turns into glass. His robes burn off revealing a muscular physique before his skin darkens
to red and his hair flares upwards wildly, his main hair, beard, and eyebrows more so than his
mustache. On his forehead emerges a thick, golden circle, flanked by three thin, gold-colored
lines to its left and right, which diverge slightly before going down under his eyebrows to
reach his eyes' top edges, and from their bottom go further down to his jawline, over his neck,
and diagonally across his pectorals so as to reach his arms, then stretching across the front of
both his arms, presumably connecting with the above-mentioned, normally dark-colored
tattoo at least on his left arm, becoming gold in color.
"Really, that's it? I thought it was gonna be-" But August doesn't let him finish as he
throws him to the labyrinth wall, which creates a massive crater.
"You talk too much." Wolfen said an arm grabs his. "?"
"Oh, this is getting more interesting by the second." The clone proceeds to push Wolfen's
arm back, revealing his wide grin. "I think I might have to put a little effort in this." He
unleashes a black shockwave that blows Wolfen back.
He pulls his body out of the crater and gracefully lands on the glass floor. "Let's get started,
shall we?"
Darkness erupts from the clone's shadow and expands, forming a circle around him. "[Dark
Rush]" Black lines spew forth and run through the floor and towards Wolfen.

Wolfen jumps just before the lines converge on him, until he suddenly stops in his tracks.
"!?" Wolfen looks and sees the lines converging on something…
His shadow.
"You can't escape from me. Don't even try." The clone warned.
"You restrained my shadow." Wolfen states, remaining calm but panicking on the inside.
Black geysers rise from the shadow before forming into two large claws that quickly close in
on Wolfen and begin to crush him.
Only the constructs to be completely destroyed not a moment later revealing an undamaged
Wolfen.
The ground rubbles and the clone looks down just in time for the floor to burst, unleashing a
gigantic pillar of fire that engulfs everything, lighting up the sky as the pillar continues
upwards until it breaks through the atmosphere.
Wolfen looks down from up high as the pillar grows smaller. "It is over."
"[Dark Torrent]"
"!" Wolfen can only turn around before he is completely engulfed in a black energy beam,
sending him crashing hard into another part of the labyrinth.
The clone glances at Brandish holding onto him. "You alright there?"
Brandish nods and tightens her grip around his waist. "Mm."
As the two descend, they see Wolfen already floating out the crater he just created staring at
the two with his passive expression.
But the clone can clearly see that the doppelganger was seething in anger underneath his
mask.
"You are not using magic." Wolfen states.
"Of course, I wouldn't. Do you really think I'm that stupid?" The clone scoffs. "I know
August was lauded as the [Wizard King] because he can copy, master, and neutralize
any magic he sees in an instant. But that's just it, you can only copy magic, but not
Semblances."
"And what is a Semblance?" He asked.
The clone simply smirks. "None of your fucking business." Space ripples behind him and
multiple portals appear. "Dodge this." Hundreds of laser beams shoot out from the portals
and head straight for Wolfen.

"Hmph." Wolfen twirls his staff and stands his ground as the beams draw closer, however,
instead of hitting him, the lasers simply bound off his general area and disappear.
"Hm?" The clone arches an eyebrow as the lasers didn't land.
"Watch out! He's using [Reflector]!" Brandish exclaims.
Wolfen swipes one of their arms before themselves, with the index finger outstretched.
"[Spiral Pain]" He summons a vortex of distorted air to trap the duo.
"AHH!" Brandish screams as she feels her body getting crushed by the insane wind pressure.
"No!" The clone raises a black dome around them as the vortex continues its assault.
The vortex dissipates revealing a black dome before it also disappears revealing a very pissed
off Asmodeus.
"You sure have a lot of nerve for a weed." The clone remarks.
"I merely saw an opportunity and took it. It is your own fault for protecting that pest." Wolfen
counters.
He growls.
"I do not understand. How can a demon like you care about the wellbeing of some worthless
humans? There are beneath your kind." Wolfen said.
The clone scoffs. "You wanna know why I fight. Simple, I find you all completely
repulsive. It would be better for the world if I erase you all from existence."
Wolfen narrows his eyes. "Who do you think you are?"
"I thought it was obvious." Dark aura begins to surge off his body causing the entire area to
shake violently. "I'm the [Demon Lord], bitch."
"!" Wolfen's eyes widen as his opponent vanishes from his sight. His eyes wander desperately
across the battlefield only for his head to be thrown forwards as a foot collides and buries
itself within its solar plexus.
"Guah!"
"Heh." The clone smirks before delivering another kick followed by another and another. He
picks up more speed as he continues its onslaught of kicks before finishing with an axe kick
in the head sending straight to the ground.
The clone flies up, extending his wings as he unleashes another endless wave of black lasers
at the doppelganger.
*BOOM!*

Wolfen unleashes sonic boom as he flies upwards, dodging every laser with inhuman speed.
The clone flies towards him, cocking his arm back as Wolfen does the same. The two fists
collide, unleashing a wave of power that destroys everything around them.
"Kya!" Brandish is blown back by the power clash.
"Give it up, Wolfen. You can't use magic if there isn't any to copy. And don't think that
form of yours can help you either." The clone said.
"You may be right, but my knowledge of magic highly outclasses yours!" Wolfen uses his
staff to smack my arm away and makes some distance between them. "And I still have an
arsenal of spells to call upon!"
"So do I. I think you'll find this one very familiar." Magical power begins to gather around
the clone.
Wolfen's eyes widen as he recognizes the spell. "[Ars Magia]!? How do you-?"
"You're not the only one who can copy things. Back when our punches connected…"
Flashback
The two fists collide, unleashing a wave of power that destroys everything around them. The
view closes in, showing black smoke entering through the skin.
"I used [Dark Matter] to transmute some of your magic power and added it to my own,
giving me some of your arcane knowledge."
Flashback ends
Wolfen looks down and sees his left arm already turning black. "!?"
"You've finally noticed. It won't be long now before you turn into nothing. The clone
said.
"And what about you? Are you willing to destroy not just Aldoron-sama but your precious
humans as well?" Wolfen argues back.
"... shit." The surge of power stops and Wolfen chuckles.
"You see? You won't dare to use your trump card at the cost of harming your pets." Wolfen
huffs. "You're a failure of a demon, letting humanity corrupt you like this."
"... tell me, why opt to torture Brandish instead of just killing her? You could have killed
her and spared her from suffering. That's what the [Wizard King] would have
done." The clone said.
"Simple." Wolfen's smile was wide for his human apperance. "Aldoron-sama prefers to take
his nutrients when they're drowning in despair, they're his favorite treat."

"Stop smiling!" The two turn to an angry Brandish. "Stop using August-sama's face!"
"You're still alive." Wolfen sighs. "Really, can't a miserable failure like you just die
properly?"
"I am NOT a failure!" Brandish counters.
"Oh, but you are. You've always been a failure since the moment you were born." Wolfen
began. "You couldn't save your mother from being murdered and tried to put the blame on
Lucy for being Layla Heartfilia's daughter. You joined Alvarez and rose to be a Shield of the
Spriggan 12 for such a childish reason, I wanted to kill you on the spot but his majesty
decided against it, thinking that you would be useful in the end. And, as always, his majesty
was right."
Tears begin roll off Brandish's face. "Shut up… you're lying…"
"I am afraid August is correct." Brandish turns to see Zeref standing there with his usual
empty smile.
"Your… majesty…"
"When you first arrived in my palace, August suggested that we kill you as your childish
motivations have no place in the Spriggan 12 but I was against it. I thought we could use
your revenge to control you, to mold you into the perfect warrior for the empire, and it
worked. You did as you were told, I had August become your magic teacher and you
predictively developed an attachment to him. You became the perfect pawn for me." His
smile turns into a frown. "But then you started to doubt, you started to question things and so
I ordered Dimaria to observe you and kill you should you show signs of betrayal, but it seems
she failed that as well."
Brandish's eyes lose their light and falls to her knees. "It… can't be…"
"I created the Alvarez Empire to be my weapon against Acnologia, you were all nothing but
pawns to me. And if one pawn couldn't follow orders, then they will promptly be disposed
of." Zeref admits.
"I played the role of teacher and grandfather for you, and yet you still betrayed us. Just
actions against his majesty demands execution. And I am here to be your executioner."
August raises his finger and fires a thin, fast-moving, beam-like projectile at Brandish's heart,
but a black wing manages to deflect it.
"That's enough. I'm sick of hearing the bullshit that's coming from your mouths." The
clone states.
"And what can a lowly demon like you do? Just die like the rest of your ilk." He creates a
black orb and throws it at them, but the clone catches it and quickly absorbs it.
The clone looks down at the stumps where its hands were before they regenerate. "That was
unpleasant. I'll make sure to return the favor."

Zeref's eyes turn red. "No, you won't. Now FALL."
"!?" The clone of Asmodeus suddenly finds himself falling into a dark pit before quickly
landing on something.
"What is this?" The clone looks at his now human hands. "I'm normal."
"Your transformation is useless here. The soul cannot lie to itself." He turns to see a being
stepping out of the darkness, a being he never thought he'd meet.
"Acnologia." He said.
"You recognize me. Good. We can skip the introductions." Acnologia said.
The clone blinks and shakes his head. "Sorry, still processing how you're here, in front of me
talking."
Acnologia lets out an annoying sigh. "This is why I eat the children first."
"What?"
"To answer your question, I am not the Black Dragon of the Apocalypse. I am a remnant that
you absorbed some time ago." Acnologia states.
"Absorbed?" The clone repeats before his eyes widen. "The fight when Wolfen took your
form!"
"Your original absorbed the full force of the magic. MY MAGIC. And I have been living in
your soul along with the others since." He explains.
The clone arches an eyebrow. "Others?"
"What do you think happens when you absorb magic? You not only take their power, but also
a piece of their soul that remains dormant in order to serve as the foundation for their power."
"If they're dormant, how are you awake?" The clone asks.
Acnologia shrugs. "I'm very stubborn."
"Really? That's your answer?"
"Look, do you want my help saving your mate or not?" Acnologia demanded.
The clone's eye furrowed. "Brandish isn't my mate."
"Is that so?" Acnologia smirks. "Well, your mind certainly says otherwise. Her and a couple
of other females have been raging in your mind as of late, one of them being that moon
dragon." He then lets out a snarl. "Why of all females did you pick one that's a dragon?"
"Okay. Shut up. Tell me how to get out of here." The clone orders.

Acnologia gestures towards the void before something shines in the distance, revealing a
crucified Brandish.
"Those weeds did a good job. They've trapped her in an illusion of her own making. She is
being shown her worst memories, her greatest regrets, over and over like a broken record
until eventually her soul is completely crushed." Acnologia explains. "If you want to get out
of here, you must free her first."
"How is she here? I thought you said this was my soul." I said.
"That wizard has foolishly linked your souls together. He thought that showing your darkest
secrets would you. He didn't account for your powerful mental defenses, but he did wake me
up from my slumber." Acnologia smirks. "Now go and free your mate."
"How do I reach her?" He said, gazing at the nothingness that separates us.
Arcnologia scowls at the words. "Have you not been listening to me, you welp? This is your
soul. Everything that happens in it is because you desire it. If you want to reach her, you need
to believe it."
The clone looks back at Acnologia before looking at Brandish. Suddenly, steps begin to rise
from the void and form a path straight to her.
I run through the path as I feel a powerful force grabbing my chest as tugging me back.
"It seems the girl is trying to send you back. Ignore it and focus on your purpose." Acnologia
said.
With his words in mind, he continues his tread forward, until he steps onto the mental
representation of Brandish's soul through sheer willpower.
"Brandish!" He yells as he shakes her shoulders. "Brandish!"
"I'm sorry… I'm so, so sorry, mama…" Brandish whispers as tears roll off her face.
"Listen, it's all an illusion. You have to wake up! Don't let the despair get a hold of you!" He
yelled.
But I failed. I couldn't protect mama… I couldn't get Aquarius… I failed my duty as a Shield.
August-sama was right, I am a failure." A black miasma surrounds her. "I should be better off
dead."
"Stop it! Don't say that! That thing doesn't know what it's talking about!" He counters.
Black smoke begins to rise from the platform and surround us before transforming into
humanoid silhouettes.
"Die! You should just die!"
"What good are you if all you do is get people close to you killed?"

"You're worthless. You should have died alongside your mother."
The clone stares at the shadows before turning back to Brandish. "Don't listen to them, just
focus on my voice."
"But they're right. I'm worthless." Brandish said.
"No, you're not." The clone argued.
"Nobody wants me."
The clone raises his hand and caresses her cheek. "I do."
+10 Affection from Brandish μ (30/100)
Brandish raises her head and finally looks at me. "... why? You don't even know me..."
"Do I really need a reason to care for a complete stranger?" The clone said.
+5 Affection from Brandish μ (35/100)
"You're going to regret it."
"I regret nothing."
+5 Affection from Brandish μ (40/100)
"I could get you killed."
"I have died before. I might even get a prize this time around."
Brandish furrows her brows. "You're insane."
"Hey, I'm a highly functional sociopath thank-you-very-much!" The clone says feeling
offended.
Brandish lightly giggles. "What's your name?"
The clone gives an assuring smile. "My name is Asmodeus. What's yours?"
"Brandish." The wizard smiles back. "Do you really want me to be with you?"
"Of course." The clone's smile grows wider. "You are worth it."
+60 Affection from Brandish μ (100/100)
The cross she was strapped in begins to glow and disappear and I quickly catch her and give
her a hug.
"It's okay… I got you." The clone says as he strokes her hair while crying on his shoulder.

"Don't let me go..." Brandish said.
"I won't. I'll stay by your side, always." I said.
The platform begins to rumble and arms suddenly rise from the darkness along with the giant
head of Brandish sporting bright yellow eyes.
"Shit!" The clone curses as the giant head closes in and swallows them all.
Acnologia stares the monster swallows them whole. Suddenly, cracks of light appear from the
dark head before it explodes. The remnant sees a figure glowing with moonlight, sporting
silver scales on his face and arms. The iris in his eyes are shaped like stars and emit an
ethereal glow that screams power.
"[Dragon Force]..." Acnologia smirks.
The clone turns to Brandish, "let's get out of here, Brandish."
"Um." Brandish smiles and nods.
The clone creates a white bridge for the two to stand on and they walk towards the other
platform.
"So boy, how does it feel to unlock the true power of a dragon?" Acnologia smirks.
Brandish leans in. "Um, who's this?"
"Acnologia."
Brandish jumps back in fear.
"Relax woman, I will not kill you… yet." Acnologia teased.
"Stop it." The clone ordered.
"Now that she's free, you two can get out of here." Acnologia said.
"And how do we do that?" The clone asks, causing the remnant to smirk.
"Like this." Acnologia takes a deep breath and unleashes a loud roar that sends them both
flying into the unknown.
Meanwhile
The doppelgangers walk up to the collapse forms of their two enemies.
"It is done. The spell has been cast successfully. They are now trapped within their worst
nightmares." Zeref said.
"And as they drown in an ocean of despair, Aldoron-sama will feast on them to his heart's
content." August adds.

However, none of them notices the clone's fingers twitch as electrical sparks dance on his
fingertips.
*BOOM!*
The area explodes with intense magical energy and black aura as it rockets into the sky like a
flare.
The doppelgangers attempt to resist being blown back by the intense air current not noticing
the sky changing from the eve of twilight to the dead of midnight, with a New Moon hanging
idly in the sky.
The Wolfen clones look to see a man with spiky silver hair and silver scales on his face,
arms, and torso. His horns are more angular and longer, his silver eyes are sharper and the
irises were in the shape of the stars. The aura coming off him takes on a jagged, fierce flamelike appearance rather than smooth or flowing. But the most noticeable part about him are the
FOUR wings coming out his back with the new ones being dragon wings.
"Impossible. How did you break my spell!?" Zeref demands.
"... you could say I had inside help." The clone states.
"This pressure… it is [Dragon Force] yet different." August says before scoffing. "It matters
not. I will simply nullify your magic and cast you back into the sea of des-" He stops as an
arm runs through his chest. "!?"
Even Zeref was shocked.
"You talk too much, weed." The clone growls as he pulls his arm out of his chest.
August falls back as he clutches the hole in his chest. "How…? My battle form should be
impervious to all magical attacks."
"That wasn't magic, you fool. That was pure physical strength. However, if you want to
see my magic so badly," He smirks "then who am I to say no?"
Zeref conjures another [Death Orb] and throws it at the clone.
"[Lightspeed]." The clone becomes a flash of light and dodges the orb before kicking right
towards a shocked August, who had no time to defend himself and the orb took his entire
right arm along with his staff.
"[Moon Dragon Meteor Fist]!" The clone engulfs his fists in starlight and punches Zeref
with the force of a collapsing star before punching him with his other arm and then
continuing until all the golem could see was a volley of punches from every direction.
"[Moon Dragon Roar]!" The clone unleashes a large beam of light that engulfs Zeref before
exploding.

When the dust settles, all that remains in the lower torso of Wolfen which promptly turns into
ashes soon after.
"F-Father…?" August's eyes widened at his emperor's defeat. "Y-you…" He grits his teeth as
tears roll off his face and his magical energy explodes. "YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS!" He flies
upwards, building up more and more magical energy as it reaches greater heights. It begins to
raise the temperature to absurd degrees to the point that everything begins to either melt or
evaporate.
Red steam begins to come out of his body as it forms a red ring behind his head along with
swords surrounding him.
"[Ars Magia]" The moment he utters those words, the world turns red as a MASSIVE
explosion engulfs all of Aldoron's body and beyond the continent.
From ground zero, August closes his eyes in content as his body turns to ashes.
"... Did you have a nice dream?"
"!" August's eyes snap open and finds himself standing in the EXACT same spot he was a
few minutes ago.
"What… happened?" A bewildered Zeref asked.
"Simple, I put you both in an illusion." The clone points up, straight towards the New
Moon. "[Dragon Slayer's Secret Art: Reverse Mirror: Tsukuyomi]. It allows me to trap
anyone within an illusion of my own design and trap them there for however long I
wish. The moment I activated my [Dragon Force] and turned day into night, you two
were under my mercy."
"... I see. Quite a powerful illusion, but now that I know what it does, it will be easy for me to
negate it." August states.
"Agreed. You have merely given us the keys to your defeat." Zeref adds.
The clone chuckles. "Boy, you weeds really don't have any brains in there if you haven't
asked the question yet."
"What question?" August asks.
"Why did I put you in an illusion in the first place? And the answer's pretty
simple." Pink chains shoot out from behind him. "I needed time for her to wakeup."
The two are quickly wrapped by the chains with a constrictor-like grip. They try to break out
but the more they struggle the more their strength is drained.
"My… my magic is gone…" August mutters in shock and fear.
"Interesting Semblance, don't you think? Those chains have the power to seal anything
that comes into contact with them, magical or otherwise." Brandish steps out from behind

him. "And the best part is she can make the effects last for as long as she wants."
"You… won't get away with this…" Zeref snarled.
"I'm afraid I just did. And while we're on the subject of magic." The clone walks forward
and grabs August's head. "I'll be taking yours."
The doppelganger suddenly feels his magic disappearing from his body. He doesn't scream or
struggle as the process is instantaneous as his dark red skin returns to normal without him
realizing it.
The clone retracts his arm, now glowing scarlet red. "So this is August's [Copy] magic. It'll
make a wonderful addition to my collection."
"Give it back… that magic is a gift granted to me by Aldoron-sama!" Wolfen demands as he
rushes towards the clone, but is pulled and crushed by the chains.
"You will stay right where you are." Brandish coldly states.
"Thank you, Brandish." Magic and [Dark Matter] begins to surge out of his body before
taking flight. "Now, do you have any last words?"
The doppelgangers say nothing.
"Good, because I don't care." He extends his arms outwards as white energy gathers on his
right hand and dark energy gathers on his left. "[Dragon Slayer Secret Art…]" He merges
both orbs together causing electricity to fly uncontrollable, disintegrating everything the
moment they collide. "[Twilight Devil: Dark Moon Array]"
He fires a massive beam of white and black at the two golems whose forms fade away as they
are engulfed in the blast.
*BOOM!*
A massive explosion detonates in the labyrinth obliterating the walls along with everything in
an instant before it quickly disappears in black smoke.
"Fuaah…" With a loud exhale, the clone deactivates his transformation and uses his control
of gravity to slow down his descend before feeling a pair of arms wrapping his exposed torso
along with something soft pressing against his bare back.
"Thank you! Thank you!" Brandish kisses her savior
"It's was nothing. All I did was push you to realize what you already knew." The clone says
in-between kisses.
Brandish shakes her head. "No, you did more than that. You made me realize something that I
forgot a long time ago. The drive to keep moving forward. For so long, all I've ever done was
do what I was told without any direction." She explains. "I was so empty, the only thing on
my mind was revenge for my mother but when I learned the truth and was relieved, I realized

that I had nothing else to strive for. And with August-sama and his majesty gone, I had no
home to return to. I was alive but dead at the same time, my only comfort was Lucy's
reactions towards my teasing."
"..."
"But you? I don't know what you did, but you awoke something in me, something I never
thought I would feel again. And because of that," Her bright green eyes stare directly into his
dull silver ones. "I will follow you forever! My magic, my entire being is yours to use as you
see fit!"
The clone was shocked by the sudden declaration and notices the pink hearts in her eyes as
she hugs him tighter. "You know that I'm not the real Asmodeus, right?"
"I don't care! Whether or not you're real, you will always be my darling Asmodeus-sama!"
Brandish fanatically exclaims.
"We've only just met."
"Yet it feels like we've known each other all our lives!" Brandish adds.
"I am a devil." He urged.
"You could be a rat for all I care!"
"I'm from another universe!"
"Because the only person I love is out of this world!"
The clone only had one question on his mind. 'What have I done…?' He didn't think his
words would be this effective on Brandish for her to pretty much declare not just her loyalty,
but also offer her body to him if he desired.
"Look Brandish, I'm happy that you think so highly of me. But I'm currently seeing someone"
"That's fine! I'm okay with sharing! As long as that bitch understands that I am the leader of
the harem!" Brandish proclaims.
'Try telling that to a freaking GOD.' He thought. "I have something I'd like you to have."
"Oh? You already have an anniversary present for me!? Uwa, you're so thoughtful
Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish cutely gushed.
'I think I'm starting to understand how Gray feels.' He raises his left hand. "Here, take my
hand."
Brandish, with no hesitation, takes his hand and buries it within her bountiful chest but the
clone isn't deterred and uses [Beseecher] to transfer the [Copy] along with all of August's
spells.

Brandish's eyes widened as feeling the familiar magic surging inside her. "This is…!"
"If you really want to be by the boss' side, you'll need to become stronger. This is just the
start." He explains.
Brandish hugs him and proceeds to grab his face to give him a long passionate kiss. The kiss
goes on for a while, as her tongue dances with the clones before their mouths separate leaving
a light trail of saliva.
"Thank you, Asmodeus-sama! You have no idea how much this means to me." Brandish
exclaims.
"Just remember that it's not August's magic anymore, but yours. All of his knowledge in the
arcane as well as the spells he's copied over the years are now yours to use." The clone told
her.
Name: Brandish μ
Title: Nation Destroyer, Witch Queen, Catastrophe
Level: 91
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire (Former)
HP: 78,433
MP: 88,812
SP: 75,092
AP: 100,678
Thoughts about you: Savior, wants your babies
"Congratulations on becoming the new [Wizard King]." He said, ignoring her current
thoughts. "Or should I say… [Witch Queen]."
"[Witch Queen] Brandish μ… sounds sexy. I love it!" The newly christened queen of magic
cheers and gives her master another kiss.
*Creek~* The two turn to see the remaining tree bark around falling before turning to ash.
The clone turns to his devil form and grabs Brandish's waist. "We should leave. I'll take you
to the others."
"Okay, Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish hugs the devil, pressing her massive chest against him.
"Mm~ you're so hot and firm~"
'Man, I can't believe how lucky the boss is right now.' A little smile forms on the clone's
face. 'Gray is such a dumbass for turning down Juvia's advances. That kind of love and

devotion is so hard to find, especially if it's from someone who is willing. One thing's for
sure: the boss will sure as hell not make the same mistakes as Gray or every other generic
shounen protagonist. At least he has some self awareness.'
With that, the two fly off to look for the rest of Fairy Tail.
"AAAH!" Cana screams from her wrist getting broken.
"[Sky Dragon Roar]!" Wendy unleashes a vortex of wind that blows everything away.
Carla, in her human form, grabs Cana. "Come on, this way."
"Kukuku. Aren't my new toys fun?" Doom asks as he is surrounded by the rest of the guild
who had tree roots attached to their bodies. Their skin becomes a pale gray as their lifeforce
is sucked out and their eyes blank and vacant, with vine coming out of the corners of their
eye sockets.
Wendy proceeds to heal her arm while Levy, Cana, Lucy, Seilah, Carla, Happy, and
Pantherlily can only look in horror at the zombies that were their guildmates. They had no
idea how things ended up the way they are. When Metro separated the guild, the seven
members somehow ended up in the same part of the labyrinth.
They were apprehensive with Seilah at first. After all, she controlled Elfman and forced him
to blow up the guild then fought and almost killed everyone in Fiore with the [Face] weapon.
But to their surprise, she apologized and is willing to help them get through this.
So, with no other option, they decided to trust the humanoid demon and teamed up with her.
They fought teams of golems together, eventually running into other guild members as they
traversed through more of the labyrinth. And that's when they encountered it.
Doom.
A creature created to protect a god. A Guardian Deity.
Wendy and Carla raised their guards as Doom waved at them before the rest of the guild did
the same. Doom says that he came up with a new game, but to play they'll need toys. Roots
rise from behind everyone and plunge their tips into their necks, but the seven of them
manage to get out of the way. That's when everyone screams in pain and they can only watch
horrified as roots begin to grow out of their skin and latch onto them like parasites before
they stop and march towards the happy golem as he got his "toys".
"We'll be playing hide-and-seek. I hide, you seek. Simple, right?" Doom's widens by a few
inches. "And you need to find me within the time limit, or everyone here will become
Aldoron-sama's nutritious lunch~"
The group anger rises even higher as they send the golem a hateful scowl.
"What's the time limit?" Carla, ever the level-headed, asks the obvious.

"Hm…" Doom puts a finger on its chin. "How about… 5 minutes."
"That's way too short!" Levy exclaims.
"But seeing you humans caving in under the pressure makes it more fun!" Doom retorts with
a hint of sadism and it dances around. "Are you ready?"
The group grows anxious as the God Seed twirls.
"GO!" Doom sinks into the ground and the zombies begin to rush at them.
"[Open, Gate of the scorpion! Scorpio!]" Lucy's key lights up and in front of her appears a
relatively tall, lean-built, dark-skinned man with short hair that is red on one side and white
on the other. His tail is a large gun that is shaped like a scorpion's tail that has the word
"Antares" written on it. He wears no shirt but has a flower-shaped collar that is red and
trimmed with gold around his neck. He has a red sheet-like material around his waist that is
kept up by his large belt that has the Scorpio symbol on it. He wears black shorts and has
bandage-like material wrapped around his arms and legs.
"We are~ looks like you're in a fine pickle, my lady." Scorpio said, folding his middle and
ring fingers back while keeping his index and little fingers extended, mimicking the pincer
claws of a scorpion.
"Scorpio, use your sand to stop everyone in their tracks." Lucy ordered.
"Okay!" He gets on all fours and points his scorpion-like stinger at the zombies before
unleashing a large amount of sand is subsequently fired from it in the form of a powerful
sand tornado that quickly traps everyone in its vortex that sends a majority of them
backwards.
From the vortex, two figures jump out revealing them to a zombie Elfman and Lisanna,
transformed into their respective [Take Overs].
"!" Lucy can only as her zombified guildmates arch closer before they suddenly drop straight
down.
"Stay down. Please." Seilah orders the two with a mix of anger and sadness. Being part of
Mirajane for over a year made her inherit her sickening love for her guild and her siblings. It
also didn't help that a part of her soul now rests within her and vice versa. It made her feel the
absolute love she held for them, the absolute desire to protect them with every last breath,
and the obsession to protect it forever.
It made her sick. It made her hate Mirajane Strauss more.
It made her love Mirajane Strauss.
The zombies begin to get up and start to use their magic to attack us.
"[Solid Script: Wall]!" Levy writes the word "Wall" in the air and suddenly the word
expands, creating a massive wall between them and the zombies.

The zombies begin banging on the magic wall either by using their magic or their physical
strength.
"We need to hurry. My wall isn't gonna last long." Levy said.
"We need to find Doom, but he could be anywhere." Carla said.
"He could be on the other side of the dragon god for all we know." Happy added with worry.
Wendy looks at the arguing group before turning her attention to the attacking horde, and
that's when an idea comes to her.
"He's still here." Wendy blurs out, making everyone stop.
"I'm sorry?" A confused Cana asks.
"He said that watching us struggle was fun for him." Wendy points to the banging horde.
"He's hiding in one of their bodies. Where else would he find the perfect hiding place and a
show?"
"Hiding in plain sight." Levy's eyes widened in realization. "Oh, that weed is so dead!"
"The question right now is, which one is his host?" Pantherlily asks before turning his
attention back to the zombies.
"We can't pick them off one by one, we just don't have the time." Carla points out.
"And the more time we spent, the lesser the chances of the guild's survival." Seilah adds.
Wendy tries to think of a way to draw the God Seed out of whomever he's hiding.
{Perhaps I can be of assistance}
Wendy's eyes widened at the familiar voice. 'Irene-san?'
{This Doom character might believe he is smart, but he has already made a critical
error}
'What do you mean?' Wendy asked.
{You already have everything you need. A dragon can see it as clear as day} With that,
Irene returns to Wendy's subconscious.
'Wait!'
*SMASH!* Levy's spell breaks and the zombies soon charge at them.
Can holds up ten [Magic Cards] in her hand. "[Explosion Card]!" She throws the cards at
the zombies, erupting into a violent explosion that takes out some of them.

However, a metal arm bursts from the smoke and heads straight for Cana but Pantherlily
manages to block it with his [Música Sword] in time, however, the sword is immediately
smashed to bits!
"Oh no…" Cana whispers as she recognizes the magic.
The smoke dissipates, revealing a zombified Gildarts, her father.
Gildarts steps forward, but stops in his tracks as Seilah uses her [Curse] on him along with
the rest. However, she soon starts to struggle as everyone slowly starts to move little by little.
"Even though I can control everything… I can't stop something possessed by the will of a
god." Seilah grunts as Gildarts keeps getting closer. "To be forced to move despite the
absolute nature of [Macro]... they must be in excruciating agony."
"[Star Dress: Scorpio Form]!" Lucy's body glows before revealing to now be wearing a
skin-tight outfit, where the front has vertical stripes running downward, and the back of the
outfit leaves the wearer's back exposed, as the opening is in the shape of a scorpion's stinger.
The limbs of the outfit are dark-colored, with a wavy stripe running downwards by the side
of each limb. The areas such as the shoulders, elbows, knees, legs and forearms are covered
in armor plates, of which the forearm gauntlets leave the hands exposed. The waistline is
lightly-colored, with lines running across the edges, and has a chain, tail-like protrusion sat
above the wearer's tailbone. She wears a headband adorned with Scorpio's zodiac sign on it.
"[Sand Bomb]!" Lucy slams her hand on the ground creating a magic circle that soon
surrounds her in a swirl of sand before it encases and traps Gildarts in a swirling ball of sand.
However, this is short-lived and Gildarts quickly breaks out of the sandy prison.
Carla swiftly kicks away several of the zombies but it only causes them to stumble before
resuming their march.
"Damn… this is getting ridiculous!" An annoyed Carla exclaims.
Wendy looks around frantically at the zombies. 'C'mon, c'mon. Think Wendy, where could he
be!?' She analyzes the zombies thoroughly, trying to find some kind of hint. 'Damnit! What is
it that I'm not seeing!?' She blinks as she realizes the answer. 'Wait, that's it!'
Closing eyes, Wendy takes a deep breath. 'If I can't rely on my sight, then I'll use my other
senses.' A dragon slayer's senses are powerful, more so than their magic. But this is also a
double-edged sword as their heightened senses makes them extremely sensitive to certain
environments, the most deadly being a moving vehicle (bleh).
As the young dragon slayer takes in the different scents mingling together, she notices one
that has an extra smell.
The scent of trees.
Wendy's eyes snap open and whips her head to the right. "There!" She rushes off, ignoring
the screaming of her name and she maneuvers through the army of zombies. She dodges their

attempts at grabbing her as the scent gets stronger before raising her hand and grabs
someone's shoulder and the zombies stop.
It was Romeo's shoulder.
"Found you. I won." Wendy smirks.
Romeo's body begins to spasm erratically before a large flower bud bursts from his back and
blooms, revealing Doom.
Wendy grabs Romeo as she watches the god seed jump off the bud and turns to Wendy with a
frown instead of its perpetual smile.
"No fair! You weren't supposed to find me! You cheated!" Doom cries as it stomps the floor
multiple times.
"I didn't cheat. I won fair and square." Wendy retorts.
"How did you even find me!?" Doom demands.
"Simple: you stink. You thought you could hide in one of my friends, but I know their scents
like the back of my hand. If I couldn't rely on my eyes and ears, then I just had to trust my
nose." Wendy gives the golem a cheeky smirk. "For someone who's part of a dragon god, you
clearly don't know how a dragon's nose works."
"Oh, snap!" Cana snaps her fingers. "You just got burned!"
"In all my years, I've never seen Wendy act so cheeky before." Carla said with astonishment.
"My lessons have finally paid off!" A stray tear runs down Cana's cheek. "I'm so proud!"
"Is THAT what Wendy was doing with you!?" Lucy snaps at her.
Happy sweet drops. "That's Cana for ya."
Doom trembles as his anger reaches the boiling point. "You cheated…"
"Now, I'm going to take back my friends." Wendy raises her hands at the zombie guild and
they begin to glow.
The zombies' bodies began to glow before they all collapsed. When the glow stops, everyone
is back to normal with tiny spores by their sides that soon fade away.
"There. I separated the spores from their bodies." Wendy sighs in relief. "Thank goodness."
"You cheated…!" Wendy feels a surge of magic, but is too late. "YOU
CHEAAATEEEEEEDDDDDDD!"
"Kya!" Wendy screams as she is blown back by the exertion of magical power.
"Wendy!" Lucy uses her sand to catch Wendy.

"How dare you… cheat in one of my games!? I was supposed to win, not you! ME!" Doom
cries out in anger. "You don't cheat in one of my games and get away with it!"
The group gets anxious at the golem's temper tantrum.
"Geez, this thing is even worse than Natsu." Cana remarks.
"At least Natsu didn't make us feel like we're about to be crushed." Levy adds.
Doom's magic continues to grow exponentially before a black sword suddenly falls from
above and plunges right through its head. However, it doesn't have time to register the attack
as more swords impale it, immobilizing it and effectively turning the God Seed into a pseudo
pin cushion.
"Finally found you." The group looks up and the first thing they see are a pair of beautiful
wings as dark as midnight sky, but what draws their attention is the familiar woman whose
arms are wrapped against the owner's neck.
"Is that Brandish!?" Lucy shouts the obvious.
Brandish waves at her. "Hi, Lucy~" She hops off and lands with a loud thud before rushing
towards Lucy and embracing her in a tight hug. "I'm so happy to see you!"
"... eh?" A confused Lucy just looks lost.
The group watches the demon land just a few feet away from them.
"Master!" Seilah exclaims with joy.
"Master!?" The rest of the group exclaim with shock.
"Hello there." The demon smiled.
{Ara, ara, who is this perfect specimen?} The voice Irene resurfaces in the dragon slayer's
mind.
Wendy and Lucy look at the devil man as they get a good look at his face and realize who it
is. "Asmodeus?"
"Hey Wendy, Lucy. Good to see you're doing well, and alive." He said.
"You know him?" Pantherlily asks the two girls.
Name: Panther Lily
Title: Black Panther of the Crescent Moon, Iron Knight
Level: 52
Affiliation: Edolas Royal Army (former), Magic Council (former), Extalia, Fairy Tail

HP: 19,601
MP: 24,304
SP: 30,009
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Skeptical but sees you as not a threat
"Y-Yeah. We ran into him when we first arrived at Drasil. Though he looked more human
back then." Wendy explains.
Lucy pries Brandish off her and eyes her friend in great detail. "You can use [Take Over]?"
"No, I can't. This isn't magic, this is what I actually look like." He replies. "Also, I'm not
Asmodeus, I'm just his clone."
"A clone…?" Wendy said.
Cana slides closer to Lucy and nudges her side. "Hey. You didn't tell us you knew such a
hottie."
"Well, I DON'T! I barely know him!" Lucy retorts while trying to pry the happy woman off.
"You know I can hear you two, right?" The two girls turn to the demon in front of
them. "You aren't exactly quiet."
Cana's smile turns predatory as she walks up to him with a sway in her hips. "So, what's your
name handsome?"
Name: Cana Alberona
Title: Walking Brewery, Fortune Teller, Mavis' Successor
Level: 78
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 30,278
MP:67,110
SP: 26,587
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to spend the night with you
"I think Lucy already said my name." He said.

"Yeah, but I wanna hear it straight from the source. Or are you too shy to give it to me?"
Cana teased.
"... Asmodeus." He replied.
"Interesting name. Did you come up with it yourself?" Cana asked.
"Yeah."
"So, Asmodeus…" The card user moves closer and presses her large breasts against his own.
"Are you seeing anyone?" But before she inquires further, someone pulls her back by her ear.
"When are you going to stop flirting with random strangers? This is why people think you're
a whore!" Levy yelled.
Name: Levy McGarden
Title: Ms. Books, Lady of Words
Level: 67
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 17,354
MP: 25,101
SP: 20,440
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Handsome, but already has her own handsome devil
"Oh please, it's not my fault men can't help but stare at my girls. They're a national treasure."
Cana said, cupping her boobs and making them jiggle.
A tick mark appears on Levy's head. "More like abnormal sacks of fat. At least I have a man
who loves me for more than just my body. Besides, no one wants to date a walking brewery
like you."
"Oh, don't be jealous, Levy." Cana pats the bluenette on her back. "You're still beautiful, even
though you got nothing going on down there."
Levy's hair erupts like fire as she glares angrily at Cana. "Shut the hell up!"
Cana laughs at her outburst, which just angers Levy more.
"Calm down, guys." Lucy says, trying to break them up.
Brandish looks on as her beloved was caught right in the middle of an argument between
fairies.

"Fascinating, isn't it?" Brandish turns and sees Seilah walking towards her.
"... who are you?" Brandish asks, off put by her presence.
"I am called Seilah, a demon from the [Book of Zeref]." Seilah introduced herself.
Brandish's eyes widened. She recognized the name from Emperor Spriggan's notes. She is
one of the first Etherious his majesty created, and one of the few that had a human form.
"I know you. I also know that you and the other Etherious were destroyed by Fairy Tail."
Brandish states, remembering the reports she read before the war.
"That is correct, however, I was revived by my master." Seilah revealed.
"Your master?"
"That's right. My master, Asmodeus-sama." Seilah said, causing Brandish's eyes to widened.
"He was there when I had lost everything, when I had no reason to exist, and asked me what I
desired most in the world." She smiles. "He is my one true master, his existence gives me
purpose. As long as he exists, I will be by his side."
Brandish was shocked by the reveal. 'She's the same as me.'
"And what about you? I saw the way you looked at him. What's your connection to my
master?" Seilah demands, releasing a bit of her [Bloodlust] at the human, though was
surprised when she saw it had no effect.
"He saved me." Brandish began. "I was in a very, very dark place. Somewhere that I thought
there was no escape from. But then I heard his voice, encouraging me to keep moving
forward. I told him to leave, that I'll only fail him and get him killed, but he refused to listen.
He said he accepted me, flaws and all, and that he would stay by my side and support me."
She smiles at the demon woman. "So, essentially my answer is the same as yours and I will
do anything he asks of me."
Seilah closes his eyes acknowledgement. "I see." She opens them again. "Tell me, how far are
you willing to go for Asmodeus-sama's sake? How many atrocities will you commit should
he ask you?"
The light from Brandish's eyes vanish as she gives the Etherious a cold, empty look. "I am
willing to destroy this world if that is what he desires."
"And if he ordered you to commit suicide? Would you do it then?"
"Within a heartbeat."
A smile appears on Seilah's face followed by a light giggle. "Fufufu, it seems we really
are somewhat alike." She raises her hand at Brandish. "A pleasure to be working with you."
Brandish's expression returns to normal as she shakes her hand. "Likewise. And just so you
know, I don't mind sharing my beloved with you either."

This made everyone stop in their tracks as their eyes shifted towards the [Nation Destroyer].
"I understand. Asmodeus-sama can truly sway the hearts of anyone." Seilah states with pride.
"Yes! The way he spoke to me rejuvenated me with so much life. His cool and gentle hands
sent shivers down my spine! And his broad and toned chest was made of diamonds! Haa~ I
just can't get enough~" Brandish rushes towards the clone and wraps him in her constrictorlike embrace. "My beloved Asmodeus-sama is truly the one for me! My one true soulmate~"
'Oh my god, she's like a 2nd Juvia!' The Fairy Tail group collectively thought as they stared
at the scene.
Meanwhile, Wendy stood aside as she silently observes the clone's new appearance with
concern and slight interest.
{He might notice you if you keep staring so intensely at him like that}
Wendy looks up and, sure enough, the devil man is looking in her direction.
He smiles, causing the girl to blush in embarrassment.
{So cute~}
'S-Shut up!' Wendy mentally hissed.
{I wish you told me you met someone this powerful and interesting sooner, Wendy. Not
to mention extremely handsome~. Now I wish I had my body back sooner so I could
take him as my mate~}
"M-M-Mate!?" Wendy squeaks out.
{Yes, girl. Mate, spouse, lover, husband, whatever you children call it nowadays. My
dragon instincts are going haywire just by being in his vicinity, a sign of his status as a
true alpha}
Wendy's face glows even more redder by the second.
{And it appears I'm not the only one who feels the same way~}
'S-Shut up! This is because you're a pervert!'
{No need to feel embarrassed or uncomfortable, Wendy. You're a growing girl and it's
normal for grown women like myself to show interest to males like Asmodeus who catch
our eye, with the same extending to female dragons. Although, I will admit, my ways
aren't for the faint of heart~}
'Knock it off, already!'
"Wendy?"

Wendy's head snaps up and jumps as Asmodeus stands in front of her. "Meep!"
The clone chuckles. "That's a new one. It's cute."
{And I just wanna eat you up~}
"What's wrong, your face is awfully red." He said.
"I-It's nothing!" Wendy shrieked.
"Is it related to the extra spirit inside you?" The question causes Wendy to freeze.
Even Irene's surprised.
"What did you say?" A shocked Carla asked.
This made Wendy grow anxious. "H-How did you know?"
"I can feel an additional presence within you, though compared to the last time we've
met, it seems much stronger now." The clone said. "I heard that the Alvarez Empire had
a [High Enchanter] among their ranks, and she could enchant souls into objects." He
grabs Wendy's face and stares directly into her eyes. "She must have enchanted herself and
transferred her soul into you right before her physical body died, which would explain
why the enchantment never disappeared because the spell is the enchanter herself."
{Oh, he's clever. I am loving this~}
"If there was such a presence. How come we never noticed?" Levy asked. If Wendy did have
another soul inside her, then they would have spotted the difference in her behavior and
magical ability.
"The enchanter's soul must have been dormant for a while, and is only waking up now
because she sensed Wendy's life is in danger." He states. "She was someone I admired
and respected, both for her extraordinary magic and beauty. If the circumstances were
better, I would revive her and ask her to make me her disciple."
Those words take the rest of Fairy Tail by surprise. Revive!? He can actually bring back the
dead!?
{Wendy, please say YES right now. If he can truly revive me, it will mean everything to
me. And if he revives me as soon as possible, I would follow him forever and I would
take him right now~}
"You have a question. I can see it in your eyes."
"Can you… can you really bring Irene-san back to life?" Wendy asks as he lets go of her
face.
"Wendy-chan…" Lucy said softly.

"Well, that's complicated." The clone said with an unsure look. "My revival technique
isn't what you would consider normal. Beside, you and Irene's souls are interwoven
together. If I try to separate you two, there's no telling what kind of effect it'll have on
your souls, it could very much kill you both."
{But it's still worth a try!}
"Ouch." Wendy winces at the sharp and sudden pain.
"I take it she didn't like my answer." The clone remarks.
"Yeah." Wendy said.
"Don't worry, I'll do everything in my power to revive Irene and give you both your
lives back. Trust me, I have a track record of doing impossible things after all." He gives
the girl a charming smile.
Wendy blushes at the smile while another feeling blooms inside her.
{You stupid man, playing with a girl's feelings like that. It just makes me want to pin
you down to the nearest bed as soon as possible}
"As expected of Asmodeus-Sama! You truly are capable of wonders!" Brandish exclaims and
Seilah nods. "I imagine Irene-san would be forever grateful and indebted to Asmodeus-Sama!
She may even swear her own allegiance to Asmodeus-sama, which I would fully support! He
is truly a man like no other~!"
Everyone just sweat drops at the woman's words. 'Yep. Definitely a Juvia 2.0.'
*CRACK!*
"You… you cheaters…!" Everyone turns around to see Doom slowly getting up, the
constructs stabbing his body dig into its body with every move it makes. "I will… destroy
you!" It raises its stubby hands in the sky. "Aldoron-sama, I beg of you! Grant me the power
to eliminate these pesky humans who refuse to bow to your magnificence!"
"Your wish shall be granted."
The ground shakes as roots rise from the ground and quickly stab into the little golem.
"Ahhh… ah!" Doom moans as energy gets pumped into it through the roots.
The clone's eyes widen as he recognizes the energy. "That bastard… he's giving that
thing [Chaos Energy]!"
"What's [Chaos Energy]?" Happy asks.
Doom's body begins to crack from the pressure before it begins to reform and grow.

He turns to the group. "It's basically though in energy form. It's generated by the Chaos
Emeralds, which is now being pumped into Doom."
"What's a Chaos Emerald!? What does it all mean!?" An anxious Levy asks.
"It means-" He stops as a large shadow looms over them. The group slowly turn to see not a
stubby, child-like wooden golem, but a humanoid clad in wooden armor that looks
remarkably like Aldaron's humanoid form with the only visible part being its face which
looks identical to Gears'.
"You have ascended once again. You are no longer Doom, the God Seed of Death. Now
you are Doom, the God Tree of Chaos."
Name: Doom
Title: God Tree of Chaos
Level: 107
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 193,812
MP: 186,700
SP: 220,459
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Extermination
"Shit."
Doom looks at his new body with fascination. "Hehehe…" A wide grin twists his handsome
face. "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
"I shall give you these as well."
Three clones of Wolfen rise from the ground before they transform into Invel Yura, Irene
Belserion, and Bloodman.
Everyone becomes weary as they witness the clones get absorbed by Doom.
Magical and Cursed energies build up in Doom before releasing it as a massive shockwave
that blows everything back.
"Ugh!" The group try their hardest to stand their ground while their unconscious guildmates
are blown away.
"Yes, yes, YES! I CAN FEEL IT! I AM UNSTOPPABLE!" Doom exclaims.

"Now go. Bring the Wood Dragon God Emperor victory."
"Yes, Aldoron-sama!" Doom raises his arms and large tides of black water appear from
nowhere and flood everything.
'That's Torafuzar's [Curse]!'He exclaims. "Oh no, you don't!" He summons a large black
dome that protects everyone from the black water.
"Useless!" Doom raises his hand at the dome and it begins to dissolve.
The clone slams his hands on the ground and causes the entire floor they're standing on to
rise up and reach the water's surface.
Doom rises on the other side on his own platform. "This power is incredible! I can't get
enough of it!" He puts a hand on her chin. "But who should I try it on?" He begins to point at
the group. "Eeny, meeny, miny…" He smirks as his finger at someone. "You."
Before he can blink, the clone is punched in the gut, sending him spiraling towards the sky.
"W-Wha-!?" But he doesn't finish as Doom reappears above him and sends him down straight
towards the black water.
*SPLASH!*
The clone of Asmodeus goes all the way down to the bottom of this black sea.
"He's… fast!" He said, his words muffled due to the water. He changes position and jumps
back to the surface, only to find Doom casting another spell.
"[Ice Devil + Sage Dragon + Ice: Flash Freeze]!" Doom instantly freezes the black ocean,
and Asmodeus along with it.
Doom charges towards him and cocks his right arm back. "[Ice Devil Wave]!" He punches
the frozen devil in the chest, causing a large purple blizzard of cold air to come out from the
other side.
The ice cracks, revealing a trembling Asmodeus as he staggers back with his skin light blue
as he clutches his chest.
"S-So… c-c-cold…!" He mutters before he is kicked in the face and sent tumbling back.
"W-What happened!? Why does he look like that!?" A scared Levy asks.
"He looks like he's been frozen." Happy points out.
{The cat is is only half correct}
'What do you mean?' Wendy asks.

{Ice Devil Magic is much more potent than most in its archetype. That spell he used, if
used correctly, has the capability to freeze targets from the inside out, freezing their
organs and muscles in an instant. But now that he has strengthened it with my magic, I
fear it is more dangerous than ever}
Wendy's eyes widened.
Asmodeus struggles to move as every muscle in his body is frozen solid.
His eyes look up to see Doom approaching him.
"You have been a throne Aldoron-sama for long enough, only your dirty blood can satisfy
him." He raises his arm and it turns into a sharp blade. "Now, repent for your sins in the
afterlife!"
He aims the blade down at the clone's head with all his strength.
"[Mana Burst]!" A vortex of magic suddenly appears and expands, destroying the blade and
sending Doom flying.
"Ahhh!" Doom crashes on a nearby icicle as his arm quickly regenerates.
The God Tree looks up to see the accursed demon standing up again, now with his skin tone
back to normal and exuding immense magical energy.
"Y-You!? You've been hiding your true capabilities!?" Doom yells in both shock and anger.
He clenches both of his fists and grits his feet. "Let's turn up the HEAT!" Fire surrounds
him before rising upwards, engulfing him in a massive pillar of flames.
The group can only look in sheer awe as the ice and wood melt in an instant. No, that's not
right.
They evaporated.
Doom was in shock. 'This can't be. My [Combination] magic should have severely weakened
him! He shouldn't be able to do this!'
The God Tree grits his teeth and inhales. "Die! [Ice Devil's Rage]!" He releases a large
purple blizzard of cold air, ice and snow at the fire pillar.
Only for the blizzard to evaporate the moment it got close.
"What!?" Doom exclaims before he suddenly arches forward as he is punched in the chest
and he bursts into flames.
"You're annoying." He kicks the burning golem down to the bottom of the labyrinth.
The view changes to reveal the clone now sporting deep crimson scales in his arms and torso,
with black claws replacing his hands and feet. He now has two horns protruding from both

sides of his head and extra pair of crimson dragon wings coming out of his back. His eyes
and sclera remain the same, except now the irises of his eyes feature both red and silver.
Wendy instantly recognized that form. It was [Dragon Force]!
{Amazing! His power has skyrocketed beyond human comprehension! I'm not even
sure I can take him on my own}
Wendy blinks at the response. "Are you serious?"
{Believe me, Wendy. Not even the full might of the Spriggan 12 would be enough to beat
him. Even now, I can sense he is still holding back, likely because of us. Oh, such a
thoughtful alpha, it makes me want a body even more~}
Doom digs himself out of the crater just in time to see his foe descending upon him, now
looking more like a dragon.
He looks down at the burning hole in his chest. "You… you have damaged this form. This
beautiful and perfect form that the benevolent Aldoron-sama has granted me! Do you have
anything to say for yourself!?"
The three-way hybrid remains silent.
His silence just makes the God Tree even angrier. "ANSWER ME, YOU MONGREL!"
"... If I were you, I'd be more worried about where you're standing." The clone said.
Doom feels a warm sensation from below and looks down, where a pillar of fire bursts out
and engulfs him.
A second later, the pillar is instantly frozen and shatters, revealing Doom unharmed.
The dragon clone's eyes turn blue as a blue cube appears in front of him. Doom narrows his
eyes before he suddenly finds himself trapped in a blue cube.
"What kind of magic is this!?" Doom tries to punch the blue prison but is ineffective.
Suddenly, he kneels as he begins to be crushed by intense gravity.
Asmodeus punches the clone, causing vibrations to travel into it. At the same time, the cube
begins to vibrate, sending a crushing force that sinks the cube completely into the ground.
Doom struggles to get up before his senses alert him of danger and, looking up, finds himself
surrounded by hundreds of tiny white pellets.
Asmodeus' eyes flick from blue to orange for a moment, causing the pellets inside the cube to
turn orange as well.
*BOOM!*

The cube erupts in a large explosion that levels the entire ground floor.
The shockwave from the explosion causes the platform that Fairy Tail's standing on to
crumble and everyone starts to free fall.
However, right before everyone could meet a sudden demise, they all start to glow blue and
are gently brought down to ground level by Asmodeus.
He runs towards Brandish. "Are you alright?"
"Yes. Thank you, Asmodeus-sama."
He then turns to Seilah. "You okay?"
Seilah nods.
He then turns his attention to the guild. "Anyone injured?"
"We're fine. Thanks for asking." Carla said.
"Everyone else is still knocked out, nothing new there." Happy adds.
The clone sighs in relief.
"Did you beat him…?" A weary Levy asked.
"I don't know." The clone admits. "For now, let's unlock your [Auras]."
Happy flies down next to Levy. "What's [Aura]?" But before he knew it, a pair of hands grab
his head and he gets submerged in a mountain of softness.
"Oh, it is the most wonderful feeling! Master will get inside you and you will feel all warm
inside!" Brandish exclaims as she hugs Happy.
Everyone begins to give Asmodeus a creepy look.
"Don't say it like that, you idiot!" The clone yells out before clearing his throat. "[Aura] is
basically the light in your soul. It creates an outer shell around that absorbs all types of
damage, along with increasing your base strength and agility. It doesn't affect your
magical reserves, however." He continues. "It also grants you an extra ability called a
[Semblance], which are special powers that reflect a person's character so everyone will
not have the same [Semblance]."
Everyone looks at the demonic dragon slayer in shock. There was an entirely different power
archetype than magic!? How did they not know about this!? How did HE find out about it!?
There are just so many questions!
"So, who wants to go first?" He asks.

Happy manages to break out of Brandish's grip (and boobs) and flies right in front of
Asmodeus. "I'll go!"
Asmodeus places his hand on Happy's hand and starts to chant. "For it is in risk we gain
survival. Through this, we become a paragon of duty and sacrifice to outlast all others.
Infinite in reach and unbound by ties, I release your soul, and by my hand, set thee
free."
The group sees a black outline manifesting around Asmodeus before a white outline now
appears on Happy.
"Whoa…" Happy blurs out.
"Are you okay?" Carla asks.
Asmodeus lets go and Happy turns to the group. "I feel great! I haven't felt like this ever!" He
flies around in circles.
"Okay, stop." Lucy catches the flying blue cat by the face. "You're making me dizzy."
"Who's next?"
Without much hesitation, the fairies had their [Auras] unlocked one by one. Each of them
felt liberated and strong, stronger than they can remember.
Finally, it was Wendy's turn and she was nervous.
{Just calm down, Wendy}
Wendy takes a deep breath as he starts his chant. "For it is in risk we gain survival.
Through this, we become a paragon of duty and sacrifice to outlast all others. Infinite in
reach and unbound by ties, I release your soul, and by my hand, set thee free."
Wendy closes her eyes as feels a warm sensation blooming inside her as her friend continues
the chant.
Until… it stopped.
'Irene-san. Is everything alright?' But gets no response. 'Irene-san?'
Wendy opens her eyes and looks at Asmodeus, who has an unreadable look on his face. "A…
Are you okay?"
Asmodeus doesn't say anything before he turns to Brandish. "Could you… pull?"
"... eh?" A confused Brandish said.
"Pull." He turns to the others. "All of you, just pull each way."
Everyone reluctantly moves towards the glued duo and starts to pull them apart.

"Argh! It's like you two are glued together!" Cana grunts as she pulls from Wendy's side.
"Master, what's happening?" Seilah asks.
"I-I don't know! Feels different this time!" A stammering Asmodeus admits.
"Ow! Ow! Ow!" Wendy hisses in pain.
As the two are being pulled, their [Auras] begin to manifest seemingly interlocked by an
unknown force. Suddenly, their [Aura] color turns into a shade of amber and the two are
successfully pulled apart.
With an… unforeseen side effect.
In between the two is a tall, naked woman with a voluptuous figure, a heart-shaped ass and Jcup breasts. She has long deep red hair and brown eyes. But the most noticeable detail is the
large, angular scar on her stomach.
"What?" Carla said.
"What?" Levy said.
"WHAT!? WHAT WAS ERZA DOING INSIDE WENDY!?" Lucy shouts out.
"No way." Wendy mutters as she watches the woman examine herself.
"I'm back… I'm really back!" Irene's smile grows larger. "Ho Ho! I'm DEFINITELY BACK!"
Name: Irene Belserion
Title: Scarlet Despair, Queen of Dragons, The Sage Dragon, The Original Dragon
Slayer, High Enchanter
Level: 110
Affiliation: Kingdom of Dragnof (Former), Alvarez Empire
HP: 201,422
MP: 399,771
SP: 303,121
AP: 332,501
Thoughts about you: Wants to have crazy, uncensored, constant sex with you in every
position imaginable
"Well… didn't see that one coming." Asmodeus stands up.

Irene turns to the clone. "Oh, you wonderful, wonderful man, c'mere!" She rushes to him and
gives him a mind-numbing, messy kiss.
"Damn it!" Cana cursed. "Wish that was me."
Their lips part and Irene looks at her savior with love and lust. "If you thought that kiss was
incredible, just wait, as I will make sure to properly thank you when this is all over," Irene
purred in a seductive and alluring tone. "But truly, thank you SO much! You have given me a
new chance at life, which is a debt I can never repay, but I will start by swearing my
unconditional loyalty and support to you. From this point forward, I will always be by your
side and will strive to help you achieve your goals and dreams, no matter what!"
+100 Affection from Irene Belserion (100/100)
The clone was too flabbergasted to answer.
"So forward!" Carla exclaims with a blush.
Asmodeus touches her body and feels a familiar sensation. "Your body is made of [Dark
Matter]."
"Is it? I thought it was refined [Ethernano] or some kind of mutation from your container.
Not that it matters anyway." Irene shrugs.
"... for now." He said. "In the meantime," He raises his hand and stops a vine from running
through Pantherlily.
"We should focus on that." They all see an enraged Doom standing at the edge of the crater.
"Let me handle this one, sweetie." Irene walks forward. "I want to see what this new body
can do."
Happy leans towards Lucy. "She knows she's naked, right?"
Irene snaps her fingers and clothes appear on her. Her outfit is the same she wore during the
war: a risqué version of the typical witch's garb. Her black top has a diamond-shaped
opening, exposing a portion of her breasts, and a heart-shaped pattern around the borders and
extends extends down to the navel of her stomach where it meets her scar which she draped
over by a dark-colored cape with a light-colored inside and two medallion gold-like
ornaments, and is held together by a golden chain. Not left bare, too, her neck is decorated by
other small cloth-based accessories, including a wide bow. Her hair is now styled into two
front braids and has two golden ornaments near the upper sections; she also wears a pair of
U-shaped earrings.
Additionally, Irene wears an elongated black loincloth with the symbol of the Alvarez Empire
emblazoned on its front, having white borders on its edges and being connected to another
cloth piece with the very same heart-shaped design. She also wears black thigh-high boots
with heels that have a white-colored border near the top and gloves of the same color and
design, only having claw-like extensions. Her black witch's hat is much larger than her head

and possesses dreadlock designs with white bandaging near its ends. It also has a fur lining
near its edges.
"Now then," She raises her hand and out of her palm appears a massive light-brown staff in
her right hand, matching, if not surpassing, her own height. "I've been dying to meet you
face-to-face. The one who's been using my magic so flippantly."

Chapter 18: Fairy Tail: Awakening Part 4
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Doom snarls. This wasn't supposed to happen. He should have won with all this power and he
was staring at the Queen of Dragons herself.
"... I know you. You are the catalyst. The creator of the beast!"
"I didn't make Acnologia if that's what you're referring to. And I did try to save your kind, but
everyone just had to be difficult." Irene remarks.
"... if you bow down to his magnificence. I'm sure Aldoron-sama will spare you." Doom
offered.
*CRACK~*
"So arrogant. Have the last dragons in the world become so arrogant since I was away?"
Immense magic exudes from her body, accompanied by the pink light of her [Aura]. It
causes large cracks to appear on the ground. "The only being I will now bow down to is my
beloved, Asmodeus-sama. And Aldoron at his best could never even compare to my beloved
even at his worst!"
Asmodeus massages the back of his neck. "The boss is gonna have a field day with this."
"Hold on a sec," Lucy said, gaining the attention of her fellow Fairy Tail mages alongside
Asmodeus, Seilah, and Brandish. "Can someone please explain who this woman is, and why
she looks like Erza?"
"She is Irene Belserion, the Scarlet Despair and the Queen of Dragons, and was the 2nd
strongest member of the Spriggan 12," Brandish explained. "She was a powerful witch and
Enchanter with no equal, with even Zeref-sama and August-sama acknowledging her power
and she could possibly even defeat them. Along with holding her own against Acnologia
himself!"

"She is also the creator of [Dragon Slayer Magic] and the first [Dragon Slayer]," Wendy
said. "And as for why she resembles Erza, well…she is technically Erza's birth mother."
"WHAT?!" The Fairy Tail Mages screamed in collective shock and surprise.
"I thought Erza was born from an egg." Happy said before getting smacked by Levy. "Ow!"
"Are you serious, Wendy?!" Lucy stammered. "She's Erza's MOTHER?!"
"Technically, yes, though their more connected through blood rather than familial ties."
Wendy said sadly, remembering the fight Irene and Erza had during the Alvarez War, with it
culminating in Irene's original death.
"I have no words." Cana said, flabbergasted.
"Remarkable, for even Zeref-sama to acknowledge her strength as possibly exceeding his
own and holding her own against the Dragon King himself, along with being the inventor
of [Dragon Slayer Magic]. She must truly be impressive." Seilah complimented, with a
newfound respect for Irene.
"Trust me, this is just the tip of the iceberg. Right now, all Irene is doing is playing with
her food." Asmodeus said to Seilah, which only further increased her respect for the Queen
of Dragons.
"Well, I guess it's clear where Erza gets her looks and apparently her power and talent," Cana
spoke, but then continued in a teasing tone. "Even if she and Erza have no family
relationship, I wonder how Erza would react to her birth mother being brought back to life."
"She'll probably faint." Lucy says, already imagining her reaction in her mind.
Meanwhile, Irene stops releasing her magical power leaving only the pink hue of her [Aura].
"Let's get started, shall we?" Her [Aura] flares to life and becomes larger, before taking the
form of a large dragon, a dragon the queen was VERY familiar with.
"Belserion…" Irene whispered softly as her oldest friend was standing beside her. "No… this
is not the time to be emotional, Irene, focus."
"Belserion the traitor, yes, Aldoron-sama remembers him. If it wasn't for him, dragons would
still be the dominant race on the planet." Doom said. "It was because of him that creatures
like Acnologia were born, but his crimes are also your crimes" His smile turns cruel. "We
will enjoy torturing you for the next millennia as penance."
"Well then, let's do this." Irene points her staff at Doom. "You'll be the perfect test subject for
my new power."
Belserion roars and charges at Doom, its maw wide open ready to swallow him but Doom
manages to grab ahold of its mouth before it can go any further.
"Tch. Must you be so stubborn?" Irene grunts.

Wendy slowly points at the dragon. "W-What is that!?"
"That would be the [Semblance] that I explained earlier. It seems her [Semblance]
allows her to create constructs of beings she feels an emotional attachment to based on
her reaction when she saw the dragon." Asmodeus states.
"Wow! I hope I get a cool [Semblance] like hers!" Happy cheered.
"If that happened, we would all be doomed." Lucy drily remarks.
Doom is slowly pushed back by the dragon projection. "This… won't stop me…!"
"Is that so?" Irene's staff glows red.
The dragon construct of Belserion gains a red aura and it pushes forward.
"Urgh!" Doom struggles to keep the projection in place.
"[Strength Enchantment]. One of the first spells I've ever learned." Irene states. "Haven't
used it in ages, but today I'm feeling very nostalgic."
Doom continues to be pushed back until he is pinned to the wall. He sees a glow coming
from its mouth and before he knows it, he is engulfed by a fire-like burst of energy.
"[Sage Dragon Roar]. I really am going old school, as the kids say." Irene says with a smile.
"Guhhhh." Doom's arms suddenly gain mass and he starts to twist the dragon's head.
*CRACK!*
Belserion falls with a loud thud, its neck twisted at an impossible angle before it disappears
into pink particles.
Doom walks towards Irene, who simply mockingly claps at the spectacle.
"Nice work. A for effort." Irene praised.
"It's no use. I have all of your magic and more." Doom's smile turns feral as he raises his arm.
"Let's see how you like the taste of your own medicine. [Disappear]!" He snaps his fingers.
… but nothing happens.
"What!?" Doom shouts as he keeps snapping his fingers, but to no avail. "Why isn't this
working!?"
"Fool. Did you think my magic was something for you to play with?" Irene stares coldly at
the golem. "You've only been using my magic because I ALLOWED you to use it. Did you
think I would let you use magic that I've spent CENTURIES perfecting just like that? I would
rather destroy it than see it in your worthless hands." Irene states before sighing. "A pity, I

wanted to see what a so-called 'dragon god' is capable of, but so far, all you've given me is
disappointment."
"W-What…?"
"Must I spell it out to you? I destroyed the part of your body that let you use magic. You will
never use magic again." Irene revealed.
"W-When did you-!?" Doom remembers the dragon's attack. "The projection!"
"Now you're catching on." Irene's smile turns cocky. "Hiding a spell within another is a
simple trick. While you were busy trying to avoid becoming dragon food, I cast an
enchantment that would seek out your magic container and destroy it." She smiles at the
wood golem with sadistic glee, hoping to break the creature's spirit.
However, to the enchanter's confusion, Doom smirks.
Irene watches a red brow before a series of thorns burst from the ground, wrapping tightly
around her body.
"You may have taken my magic, but let's see how you handle my [Curses]!" The vines glow
green and travel straight towards Irene.
"AAAAHHHHHHH!" Irene's head bends back as she releases a scream of sheer agony.
*SLASH!*
In a flash, the vines are cut to pieces and Irene falls, but someone grabs her at the last
moment and pulls her close to their chest.
"You know, I was content to let Irene fight you on her own since she asked and to give
her a chance to test out her new capabilities, and she certainly never fails to
impress." Asmodeus remarks before his expression changes to a scowl. "But when you
hurt her, that's a personal attack against me. And since Irene swore her loyalty to me,
she practically belongs to ME, and I will not allow an overgrown weed take what is
MINE!"
Irene blushes at his declaration.
"How did he get up there?" Happy looks back and forth between where Asmodeus is and his
original spot.
Levy's eyes sparkle. "That was so sweet! It's like a scene straight out of one of my romance
novels!"
Doom throws more of his cursed thrones at the two, but they are all sliced to smithereens.
"Drop dead." He summons dozens of [Gaster Blasters] and fires them all at once at Doom,
seemingly destroying it.

However, from the crater a purple mist begins to rise and propels itself straight for them!
Asmodeus dodges the attack, but it manages to grace one of his wings forcing him to
land. "Ngh…"
"You were hit with [Magical Barrier Particles]. That was Bloodman's attack." Irene said.
"Bloodman?" I asked.
"He was an Etherious created by Zeref to serve in the Spriggan 12. He possesses all of
Tartaros' [Curses] as well as [Ice Devil Slayer] magic." Irene explains. "His body is
completely made up of [Magical Barrier Particles], which means he can not only poison
you with his presence but is almost impervious to physical and magical attacks."
"That would explain how he survived. He deformed at the last minute." He said before
noticing something. "You just said he was almost impervious, so that means he has a
weakness."
Irene smiles and begins to explain her plan.
"Oh, you clever girl…" Asmodeus had a mischievous grin on his face.
The purple smoke soon converges on the ground and reforms back into Doom. "Do you see
now, pests!? I don't need magic to defeat you! Aldoron-sama's power transcends magic!"
"Oh, we see alright." The two walk up to the God Tree. "We see you're nothing more than
rat shit."
Doom was dumbstruck. "What did you say?"
"You're a joke, the weakest of the four guardians. Even though you represent death, you were
beaten by a little girl and her cat not once, but TWICE." Irene's smile is full of malice. "A
useless and pathetic piece of trash like you isn't able to do anything. And the moment things
got tough or didn't go your way, you begged Aldoron for power because you couldn't handle
a small group of weak humans."
Doom grits his teeth. "Shut up…!"
"Someone like you who relies on borrowed power will always remain the lowest of the
low. A being even worse than trash. But I guess that makes sense, considering that
Aldoron is also a bottom feeder who uses a magic rock because he's too scared to fight
us with his own power." Asmodeus taunts.
Doom reaches his boiling point and his body explodes with [Curse] and [Chaos
Energy]. "I'LL KILL YOU! I'LL FUCKING KILL YOU ALL! SCREW EVERYTHING,
I'LL MAKE SURE YOU SUFFER FOR YOUR BLASPHEMY!"
"Well, now we've done it." Asmodeus remarks.

"THIS TIME, I'M GONNA MAKE SURE YOU STAY DEAD!" Dark mist began to
surround Doom, however, his body was deforming. "Now disappear forever! [Memento
Mori]!"
Irene teleports just as Asmodeus is enveloped by the dark paralytic mist, creating a massive
beam of dark spirits that reaches towards the sky.
Doom cackles. "Once the mist gets you, it's all over! You will be neither alive nor dead, you
will simply seize to exist! This is the power worthy of Aldoron-sama's [Seed of Death]!" He
arrogantly walks towards the pillar. "Now, with you out of the way, I can finish off that
wretch and the other pests." He leans closer to the pillar with a grin. "Maybe I'll have some
fun with those females before feeding them to Aldoron-sama."
Suddenly, a claw made of obsidian bursts from the pillar and grabs Doom's face. "!?"
"So this is what it feels like to not exist. It's surprisingly very chilly." The pillar disperses,
revealing Asmodeus in his devil form.
"Impossible!" Doom yelled.
"Not really. If Gray can resist it, why can't I?" He said. "I have to thank you for playing
right into our hands, it made executing Irene's plan so much easier.
"What!?" Doom shouts before feeling something off. "What's going on!?"
"Well, none of us could touch you while the [First Seal] was unlocked. So, Irene devised
this plan in order to lower your defenses. And it worked." Asmodeus states. "Though,
not gonna lie, I was unnerved when you activated [Memento Mori] but I'm glad my
gamble paid off."
"My… strength is… leaving me…" Doom sluggishly whispers as its body withers into a
husk.
Asmodeus lets go and takes a step back as the dark power travels through his body. "So this
is [Curse] power. It's definitely different from magic."
Irene reappears, now with the rest of Fairy Tail by her side. "Do you have it?"
Asmodeus raises his hand letting it be engulfed in [Curse] power. "Yeah. It's all here."
"I already explained what you're planning, and they reluctantly allowed it." Irene said.
"... Seilah. Come here." Asmodeus calls.
The demon girl walks up to him. "Raise your hand." She does as she's told. "Are you
ready?"
Seilah nods and Asmodeus takes her hand. Immediately, Seilah bursts with dark power
causing everyone to shield themselves from the intense whirlwinds of darkness.

After another moment, the wind pressure seizes and Seilah is glowing dark blue as she deeply
exhales.
Name: Seilah
Title: Goddess of the Chill Moon, Queen of the Underworld, Master of Curses, Frozen
Mistress, Enchanter
Level: 96
Affiliation: Tartaros (Former)
HP: 84,566
MP: 47,125
CP: 333,977
SP: 66,789
AP: 91,211
Thoughts about you: Her once and future king
+30 Affection from Seilah (80/100)
Seilah examines herself as she feels all of her old guild's [Curses] coursing inside her.
"Incredible… I never thought this was possible."
"Now you are the [Master of Curses], a true creature of death and destruction." He
states. "How do you feel?"
Seilah smiles. "Alive. I feel truly alive."
"I bet. And from the look of it, you got more than just [Curses]." He smiles, sensing the
new ice magic now riveting inside her.
*SQUELCH!*
"!?" The clone gasps as he looks down, showing a large thorny vine running through his
chest before retreating, leaving Asmodeus with a large hole where his heart should
be. "Ugh!"
""Master/Asmodeus!"" Everyone cries out as he takes a knee, reverting to his human form.
"I'll kill you… I'll kill you all…!" Doom whispers as he looks at the group, his mummified
face and sunken eyes fail to hide the immense rage inside them. "I will complete my duty…
even if that means my own destruction…!"
"Argh! Why don't you just die already!?" Brandish screams out in rage.

"I will not die… no one dies here without Aldoron-sama's permission. That is the will of
god." Wide cracks begin to form as he begins to exude unknown energy. "I will complete my
mission… to my last breath."
"This guy is crazy!" Happy exclaims.
'What is this power? It's out of this world!' Irene has thorough knowledge of magic thanks to
her longevity and [Curses] thanks to being part of Zeref's inner circle.
But this? She has never seen anything like it!
"Behold the blessing of the Wood Dragon God Emperor! Behold the power of CHAOS!"
Doom's then explodes in an array of colors that blinds everything and everyone.
As the light dies down, everyone's eyes widened at what's before them. Instead of a
humanoid tree creature, there is a large wooden dragon with the exact same appearance as
Aldoron before fusing with the [Chaos Emerald].
The transformed Doom lets out a roar and roots rise from the ground before launching
themselves forward.
The group gets ready but to their shock the roots zip past them as they soon realize their true
target: their unconscious guildmates.
"No!" Lucy moves, but it's too late as the roots stab into everyone.
"AAAAHHHHH!" Everyone's eyes snap open and they let out a piercing scream of pain.
"What's happening!?" Cana says as they see the roots swelling.
"He's… he's draining them of their magic, of their lifeforce!" Levy replies, horrified.
Thinking quickly, Lucy dismisses her [Star Dress] and holds up another key. "[Open the
Gate of the Giant Crab! Cancer!]" She chants and in front of her appears a man that looks
reminiscent of a hairdresser. His hair is black and braided in red cornrows that end in a shape
that resembles crab's pincers and has thick lips. He wears a blue striped shirt and dark
trousers with two aquamarine stripes each side, also wearing boots in his feet. In his pants
there's a ring chain in the right pocket and a hairdresser tools' bag in the left side of his belt.
He wears a golden necklace and it's commonly seen with his two main weapons: Scissors.
The color of his eyes is unknown because Cancer always wears sunglasses with green lenses.
He also has six crab legs that appear from his back.
"What kind of hairstyle would you like today? -ebi" Cancer asks while opening and closing
his scissors like crab pincers.
"Cancer, I need you to cut those roots now!" Lucy orders.
"On it -ebi." Cancer blurs out of sight and seems to be going through the guild at an
astonishing rate before reappearing back next to Lucy.

*CRACK!*
Cancer and Lucy look shocked as the spirit's trademark scissors break apart and fall to the
ground.
"I-Impossible…!" Cancer said in shock causing him to even lose his verbal tic.
Asmodeus slowly stands up. "Your scissors are not gonna cut through those roots. They've
been enhanced with [Chaos Energy]."
"Are you okay, Asmodeus-sama?" Brandish asks as he helps him stay upright.
"Yeah, look." He shows her the hole in his chest growing smaller. "I'm almost done
regenerating."
"We still need to cut those roots." Irene said.
"Can't you just use some kind of enchantment on them?" Pantherlily asked.
Irene shakes her head. "I cannot. My mastery of enchantment may be vast but it's not
infallible. I have tried to use high enchantments but none of them worked." She said,
"Whatever this [Chaos Energy] is, it's interfering with my spells."
Doom lets out a raspy cackle as his magical power begins to rise.
"Hey, is it just me or is that thing getting stronger?" A scared Lucy asks.
"He's using the guild as a battery to power his magic. Get ready!" Asmodeus told them.
Doom opens his mouth and unleashes a purple beam of energy at us, resulting in a large
explosion.
As the smoke clears, the apostle of the dragon god sees a cracked green barrier instead of
piles of ashes, making it growl in annoyance.
Asmodeus kneels as the barrier breaks down, surprising everyone.
"Dammit…! Don't tell me I'm already reaching my limit!" A tired Asmodeus cursed. "I need
to… keep it together…!"
Doom pulls it's neck as it charges up another blast, ready to end this.
*SQUELCH!*
Something gets lodged in Doom's mouth, causing the energy to build up in his neck and
explode.
The group look up to find Erza in her [Heaven's Wheel Armor], Mirajane in her [Satan
Soul], and another Asmodeus floating just above them.
"Looks like we made it just in time." Erza remarks with a smile.

"ERZA! Boy, am I glad to see you!" Lucy shouts from the top of her lungs.
"Aye, sir!" Happy chimed.
The trio descend down as they greet the group (while also surprised that there are now TWO
Asmodeus) before the newcomers see what Doom has done to their teammates and
immediately go into action.
Mira uses her sharp claws and Erza her blades, but the moment they make contact they snap
into two.
"Don't bother. If I can't separate them, what chance do you two have?" Irene asks, surprising
the two S-Class mages particularly Erza.
"Irene?! How is this possible?! I saw you die right in front of me!" Erza exclaimed, shocked
to see the woman who was both the Queen of Dragons and her Biological Mother was alive.
Irene simply smiles. "Let's just say I had a way of escaping death to preserve my soul after
my original death, but the real credit goes to my new lover, Asmodeus-sama!" She coyly
replies before embracing the Asmodeus clone next to her towards the end of her
proclamation.
"LOVER?!" Erza and Mirajane yelled in surprise, while the Asmodeus who accompanied
them looked at his "brother" with a questioning look, to which the twin simply sighs and
shrugs in response, his eyes and expression clearly saying 'it's a long story'.
Mira looks at Irene and then at Erza before looking back at Irene. "Are you two sisters?
Because the resemblance is uncanny."
Before Erza or Irene could respond, Happy beats them to it.
"Believe it or not, she's Erza's mom!" Happy giggles.
"WHAT?!" Mirajane yelled in shock, clearly shocked at the information. "She is your
MOTHER, Erza?!"
"And she looks like THAT!?" Levy exclaims, pointing at Irene.
The rest of the girls understood what Levy means as they stare at Irene, especially her figure.
A very risqué witch's outfit that does nothing to hide her curves, especially her large childbearing hips and flat, well-toned stomach, and her top was barely containing her humongous
chest. Overall, Irene was the embodiment of sex, a true goddess in the flesh.
"Dang woman, what's your secret?" Cana asks.
Wendy and Levy found themselves unconsciously touching their chests, and immediately
became depressed.
Erza lets out a cough to get the group's attention.

"Technically, yes, she is my biological mother, but as far as I am concerned, our relationship
is purely our blood connection. My real family is those in Fairy Tail," Erza sighs but nods in
confirmation, though her tone became more firm upon mentioning Fairy Tail.
"Indeed, I am the woman who gave birth to Erza, though in all honesty, I lost the right to call
myself her mother long ago and I accept the fact that I will never be her mother in the end,
though for what it's worth I'm glad she has a new family," Irene says in a resigned but
accepting tone.
"I see…" Mirajane says, still processing the information.
"I can understand how you're feeling, Mira. I'm still trying to process the fact that this woman
is Erza's mother!" Lucy exclaims.
"No kidding, but after seeing her in action, it's clear where Erza gets her looks and her
magical talent from. And here I thought I was the only girl in Fairy Tail with a powerful and
mind-blowing parent, but clearly I was wrong." Cana adds "No offense, Erza, but you seem
to have a lot to live up to."
"... I suppose so." Erza mused.
Mira glares at Irene. "You know, I'm still mad at you for back then."
"Understandable. I can be quite the bitch." Irene shrugs.
The second Asmodeus, meanwhile, looks at his twin with an analytical eye. "You look like
shit."
"I feel like shit, too. I've used up almost all of my power. I can't even maintain my devil form
anymore." The first grunts as he moves around sluggishly.
"And I'm gonna guess it's because of that thing." He points to the headless wooden
dragon.
The first Asmodeus makes a so-so gesture. "More or less."
The second clone glances at Doom's regenerating head. "You mind filling me in on what's
going on?"
"Basically, Aldoron pumped the God Seed with even more [Chaos Energy], making him
stronger. Thanks to Irene, the two of us were able to defeat it but then it took this form and is
using the rest of Fairy Tail as batteries to power itself." The first Asmodeus explained.
The second clone blinks at the summary. "Thank you… that makes everything quite
clear."
The two then turn to see Brandish walking up to them.
"Asmodeus-sama, is this another one of your clones?" Brandish asks, curious though a little
excited to see another version of her beloved master.

"Technically, we're both clones, as we are both copies of the original Asmodeus. We don't
exactly share thoughts or memories, FYI, so he's not gonna be aware of everything I
experienced or know." The first Asmodeus replied, before looking at his fellow clone. "You
should already know she is Brandish μ, and as why she is here-"
"I am here because I have sworn my love and loyalty to my darling Asmodeus-sama~! I will
follow and support him to the end of time!" Brandish proudly proclaims while tightly
hugging and clinging to the first Asmodeus while looking at him with hearts in her eyes and a
blush on her face, her massive breasts pressing against his toned chest.
The second Asmodeus once again looks at his fellow clone with a questioning expression that
clearly conveyed 'what the fuck happened?', to which the first Asmodeus simply sighed again
while his expression conveying 'it's a LONG story'.
Erza and Mirajane were once again surprised to see another Spriggan present and one who
apparently was also loyal and interested in Asmodeus, though they felt a strong sense of Deja
Vu.
'It's like we're seeing another version of Juvia!' They both thought.
"So, question: how do we break the God Seed's connection to the guild? Cutting the
roots is out of the question, so there must be another way." The second clone asks.
"That's what I'm trying to figure out. So far, I got nothing." The first clone said.
"Okay, so what DO YOU know so far? What happened to make the God Seed use the
guild this way?" He asked.
The first Asmodeus ponders for a moment. "... Doom had [Enchantment] magic along
with [Ice] magic and the Etherious' [Curses]. Not to mention its original magic as the [Seed
of Death]."
"And what changed?"
"Irene destroyed its magic container, rendering its magical ability moot. It still had
the [Curses] but I took that out, too." His eyes widened as he put the pieces together. "We
took its power."
"Yep." The second clone nods.
"But that doesn't explain why it needs to drain the others of their magic. With the
amount [Chaos Energy] it has, it doesn't even need it unless..." The first surmised.
"Unless… they can't use it." The second clone finished. "[Chaos Energy] is the power
born from thought. More importantly, it is power enriched by the heart." He turns to
Doom. "A hollow creature like Doom, who doesn't even have a heart let alone an ounce
of free will, can't hope to control or even use the power of the Chaos Emeralds."
"And I'm guessing that thanks to the imbalance of energy it disabled his ability to regenerate
his container, which is why he is using other Fairy Tail members as batteries instead." The

first surmised.
The group watches as their guildmate's bodies become more and more decrepit, their
consciousness slipping away as more of their energy is being drained.
Mira silently cries as she watches her siblings slowly turning into mummies.
Cana feels the same as her father slowly turns into dust.
"I'm sorry…" Cana whispers as tears fall on her father's body.
Doom's head fully heals and lets out a roar at the group.
"Please, we need to do something! We can't just stand here and watch our guildmates die!
There has to be some way we can defeat Doom even with this [Chaos Energy]!" Mira cried
out in a desperate tone, tears streaming her beautiful face from watching her siblings slowly
dying.
"Asmodeus, please! There has to be something you can do! You've already shown to be able
to do incredible things, so please save our Guildmates from Doom! Gildarts may be an
annoying pervert at times, but he's still my Dad and I can't lose him!" Cana pleaded to
Asmodeus, putting her hope in him and begging for a solution.
"The problem is, there are very few if any things that can rival or trump [Chaos
Energy], even for me! Unless…,"the first Asmodeus clone said in a contemplating tone
before looking at his fellow clone and new followers with a crazy idea in mind. "There may
be a way to stop him, but it's incredibly risky and there's no telling what could happen."
"What is it?" The second Asmodeus clone curiously asked.
"Our best shot at weakening Doom and freeing everyone is to try absorbing as much [Chaos
Energy] as we can from Doom, weakening it long enough to sever his connection to them."
The first Asmodeus told them, causing their eyes to widen.
"Can they do that?" Happy asks the only female Exceed in the guild. "It doesn't sound like
they can."
"Do we have any other options? It's either this or death." Carla retorts to her fellow Exceed.
"Draining the God Seed of this power should be able to free the others, but…" Wendy says
with uncertainty.
"Is such a thing even safe? Surely exposure to such energy would have unknown
consequences, right?" Levy asked in a worried tone.
"My twin and I can do it, we're the only ones who know how this power works." The first
Asmodeus volunteers.
"Asmodeus-sama, let me help as well. Thanks to the [Absorption Curse], I can aid in
absorbing the [Chaos Energy] as well!" Seilah said.

"I wish to help too, Asmodeus-sama! Thanks to the knowledge I gained from August-sama, I
have mastery in countless forms of magic, including the [White Arts]! I can use it to siphon
the [Chaos Energy] into myself!" Brandish proclaims, determined to help her beloved
master.
"I will aid as well, darling. I may not be able to fully extract the [Chaos Energy] with
my [Enchantments], but I should be able to help siphon it off, especially when aiding you
and the others," Irene spoke to Asmodeus in a determined tone.
"Girls…" The second was touched by their devotion to him.
"Are you all sure? There's no telling what potential consequences may stem from this."The
first asked all of them.
"We know the risks and accept the potential consequences, beloved. You have helped us
when we needed it most in ways we can never fully repay, but it's only fair we support you to
the end no matter what!" Irene replied firmly, with the others nodding in agreement.
Seeing as they won't change their minds, the first Asmodeus nods and turns to his fellow
clone.
"You ready?"
"Like you even need to ask." The second Asmodeus replied with a smirk.
Doom roars and charges forward, relying on its basic instincts rather than its higher
functions.
"That energy must have fried whatever you would call its brain. It's no different from an
animal now." Brandish remarks.
"Which will make this a whole lot easier." The second Asmodeus slams his hands together
causing the ground to rise under Doom's feet, twisting and binding into a pseudo-prison.
"Now!" The five rush towards the wood dragon as it struggles to break free from its binds.
They place their hands on the exposed areas and they begin to glow.
Their skin lights up as their veins turn into energy pathways for the [Chaos Energy].
"S-So… this is what [Chaos Energy] is like…?" Brandish stammers, trying to stay focused.
"Keep it together, Brandish-san." Seilah said, but even is starting to wear down.
Doom roars into the sky, its eyes and mouth glow a bright violet as it realizes more [Chaos
Energy].
"Shit!" The first Asmodeus grunts as he feels like he's about to get crushed.
"It's Doom! It's… trying to crush us under its power." The second Asmodeus states.

Doom's head looms down at the group as it charges a beam attack before something blasts its
head.
"Hey ugly! Forget about us!?" Lucy shouts in her [Star Dress: Sagittarius Form].
"Yeah, we still have some unfinished business!" Cana shouts as she holds a set of cards in
each hand.
Levy writes "Fire" in the air and it ignites, joining the eight others behind her.
Pantherlily raises his arms with his fellow Exceeds by his side. He may have lost his sword,
but he doesn't need one to defeat his enemies.
Mirajane transforms into her [Satan Soul: Halphas] while Erza uses her Semblance to create
five [Aura] clones each donning the [Black Wing Armor], [Piercing Armor], [Adamantite
Armor], [Ataraxia Armor], and the [Wind God Armor].
"Wow! What are those!?" Happy points at the clones.
"These are my Semblance. I call them the [Scarlet Legion]." Erza replies.
"Cool!" Happy's eyes sparkle.
Wendy raises her hands at the group. "[Arms!] [Armor!] [Vernier!]" She chants as
everyone is surrounded in auras of varying colors that seem to strengthen them ten fold.
Without a second to spare, the group charges at the dragon and unleashes their strongest
attacks with extreme ferocity.
Doom roars as he blasts them, but its attacks all miss as the fairies prove to be too fast for it.
"It's working!" Lucy said as she more arrows.
"Haaaa!" Pantherlily punches Doom in the face, causing large cracks to form and energy to
leak out of said cracks.
With Doom distracted, the others continue to siphon more energy.
"It's working. Doom is starting to weaken!" The first Asmodeus shouts.
"M-Master…! I-I can't-!" Brandish begins vomiting blood.
"Brandish!" The second Asmodeus calls out.
"Dammit! We're too close to fail!"
Within the prison, parts of Doom's body turn gray and break down.
*CRACK!*
"AH!" The girls scream as translucent cracks form on their arms.

"Shit! It feels like my body is being torn apart…!" The second Asmodeus hissed.
The first clone narrows his eyes as he begins to take in more energy than everyone else,
causing the cracks in his arms to grow and extend.
The second clone sees what he's doing and his eyes widen in horror. "Stop!"
"HHAAAAAAAAAAAA!" The first lets out a war cry as he continues to siphon even
MORE energy before he is engulfed in light.
*BOOM!*
Everyone is blown back by the explosion of violet light that raises upwards and pierces the
heavens before it quickly stops.
The demonized clone gets up as he surveys his surroundings. "Everyone alright?"
Soon, the others start to get up. They were shaken up but relatively unharmed.
The clone looks for his twin before stopping to stare at the massive silhouette hovering over
him.
A powerful gust of wind dissipates the dust cloud revealing the head of Doom, gray and
lifeless with the remains of its neck keeping it suspended in the air.
"..." Asmodeus stares at the remains before his eyes move downwards to the familiar figure
standing in front of it. "Um, hello?"
The figure's head twitches and they turn around, causing Asmodeus to look shocked at what
he sees.
Standing in front of him is the first clone of Asmodeus, but something was wrong. His arms
seem to no longer be made of flesh, but instead a crystallized violet substance. Cracks can be
seen all over his body, glowing in a pattern similar to a heartbeat. The sclera is his eyes are
black like his devil form, but instead of silver, his eyes are now glowing amethyst purple.
"Hey…" The first Asmodeus greets, his voice hollowed and raspy, like he hasn't spoken in
years.
He inspects his body and sees the changes brought by his actions. "So, this is what it's like
to possess the power of chaos." He looks at his crystal hands and clenches them to form
fists. "I like it. I think I'll call this my [Chaos Mode]."
"Why did you do that? Do you have any idea what kind of risk you were putting
yourself in?" The second clone demands.
"It was either this or let Seilah, Brandish, and Irene die." The first states.
"No they won't. They're too strong to die from something like that." The second argues.

The first glares at his twin. "Don't be stupid. You saw Brandish vomiting blood back
there and who knows what effects that much energy had on Seilah and Irene's
bodies." He said. "I did what I had to do to save their lives."
The second glares back. "You give them too little credit. They've survived worse than
this."
"And I think you're giving them too much credit." The first retorts. "They had no idea
what [Chaos Energy] was and yet they still went and absorbed some of it."
"But they survived. And in the end, that's all that matters." The second told him.
"NOOOO!" A familiar voice screams out.
The two clones turn to each other. "Mira!" The two straight towards the source of the
scream and are horrified by what they find.
Mummified corpses of the guild can be seen laid out across the floor, all of them drained of
their life essence.
"We… We were too late." The second clone whispered.
"Elfman… Lisanna…" Mira weeps as she hugs the lifeless husks of her siblings.
"No…no…" Cana sobs as she rests her head on her father's chest.
The atmosphere felt cold and tense as the Asmodeus Clones and the other members of Fairy
Tail were forced to take in the gruesome scene before them.
"No, NO! This can't be! We stopped Doom! How could this happen?!" Lucy cried, tears
coming out of her eyes.
"Despite our best efforts, we were too late. By the time we destroyed that bastard, they were
already dead." Panther Lily said in a somber tone.
Carla was trying to keep a strong front to comfort a clearly devastated Wendy, but was failing
on both accounts as both were crying at the scene.
"Why? Why couldn't we save them in time? Why did Doom have to do this? Our guildmates,
our family…" Wendy spoke in a shaken and pain-filled voice.
Erza and Happy went to Mira to try and comfort her to no avail, though it didn't help that
even they had tears coming out of their eyes.
Levy was also taking in the heartbreaking scene, watching so many of her guildmates, many
of whom she knew for years and were her surrogate family, in such a horrible state was like
something from a nightmare.
She too had tears trailing her face, but perked up in realization as she turned to the Asmodeus
clones.

"Can you bring them back, Asmodeus?" Levy asked in a shaky tone, causing the clones to
look at the Bluenette while the members of Fairy Tail who weren't mourning blood relatives
turned to look at them upon hearing the question. "You mentioned how you had methods of
reviving people when speaking of Irene's spirit being inside Wendy, and you managed to
bring her back. Can you…can you do the same for our guildmates?"
At this point, everyone was staring at the clones with hope in their eyes, but the strongest
reactions came from Mira and Cana.
"Asmodeus, please. I'm begging you…if you can truly revive the dead, please bring back
Lisanna and Elfman. They're everything to me, and I can't live in a world without them."
Mirajane pleaded in a mixed tone and expression of hope and desperation, her eyes red from
crying.
"I already lost my mom when I was a kid, I can't lose my father too. And the other members
of Fairy Tail were the only other family I had. If there is any chance you can bring them back,
can you please do so?" Cana said in a very vulnerable tone.
Without answering, the second clone raises his hand and reaches out, opening a black vortex
that he puts his hand in before pulling out an orange-looking feather.
"This is called a [Phoenix Down]." He shows Cana the feather. "If you place it on a dead
person, they'll instantly come back to life."
Everyone's eyes widened at the explanation and their joy started to rise.
But what he said next crushed their hopes to a pulp.
"But… the boss has only managed to find two, so there's only enough to revive two
people…" The clone bites his lower lip at the revelation.
Until he sees a purple hand take the small feather.
The second clone of Asmodeus looks up and sees his mutated twin walk forward. "What are
you doing?"
The chaos-fueled clone turns to them. "[Chaos Energy] is fueled by the thoughts and will
of its user. If I can transfer all of the energy I absorbed into the [Phoenix Down], as long
as my heart stays true, then I can make the impossible possible."
"... may your Heart be your guiding Key." The second clone quotes, confusing the others.
The first smirks. "Yeah. Exactly that." [Chaos Energy] begins to rise from his arms as it is
absorbed by the feather, causing it to glow purple.
He levitates as more energy is transferred into the [Phoenix Down] before it explodes into
pollen-like orange wisps that spread across the area.
These glowing wisps begin to fall from above and land on the corpses, which begin to glow
the moment they make contact.

Lucy, Wendy, Levy, Carla, Happy, and PantherLily watch in amazement as one by one their
friends are brought back to life.
"Unbelievable…" Lucy says, marveling at the beautiful sight as tears roll off her face. "It's a
miracle…"
+80 Reputation with Lucy Heartfillia (100/100)
+80 Reputation with Levy McGarden 100/100)
+80 Reputation with Happy (100/100)
+80 Reputation with Carla (100/100)
+80 Reputation with Panther Lily (100/100)
Cana watches one of these wisps fall on Gildarts causing his body to glow orange. After a
moment, the light stops and Gildarts looks rejuvenated.
And then… he opens his eyes.
"Hey… where did all the winged babes go? I was gonna get the greatest lap dance of my
life." Groans Gildarts.
"You little…" Cana's brow twitches as tick marks appear on her forehead. "Jump off your
own ass and die!" She hits Gildarts in the stomach hard.
"Guah!" Gildarts cries from the sheer pain. "What did I do!?" He yelled before getting
tackled into a tight hug. "Cana?"
"Never… never leave me again!" Cana sobbed.
Gildarts blinks before he smiles. "I'm not going anywhere." He strokes his daughter's hair.
Mira, meanwhile, cries her eyes out as she hugs her two siblings tight.
"Waa! You're alive! You're alive! Oh thank god, you're alive!" Mira cries as she pulls her
siblings closer.
"H-Hey, stop it nee-san!" Lisanna groans. "I can't breathe…!"
"A real man can live without air to breathe, Lisanna!" Elfman exclaims.
"No, they can't!" Her little sister argued.
+100 Affection from Mirajane Strauss (100/100)
+100 Affection from Cana Alberona (100/100)
Irene, Brandish and Seilah watch with bewilderment as not only are the people coming back
to life, but also the wildlife around them.

"It's beautiful…" Seilah said.
"I didn't think Etherious had a concept of beauty." Irene remarked.
"You would be correct. But I am, as humans would call it, an exception to the rule." Seilah
adds with a smile.
Brandish raises her hand as an orange wisp falls in front of her and catches it, only for it to
disperse in her hands.
The second Asmodeus continues to watch his clone glow purple as he uses more power
before stopping and the dome disappears.
The clone rushes forward as he sees his twin's descend and quickly catches him and lays him
on the ground.
Everyone gathers around the twins as the clone stops glowing, revealing two stumps where
his arms should be.
The first slowly turns to his twin and opens his eyes, revealing just empty sockets. "Hey…
did it work?"
"Yeah. Everyone's alive, thanks to you." The second Asmodeus assures him.
"Good. My gamble paid off again." His body starts to crumble. "Hey… protect them, will
you? It would suck if all my hard work went to waste…"
The second chuckles. "That was the plan."
The first clone closes his eyes and his body turns into black smoke.
Everyone watches the smoke rise in the sky.
"Where is he going?" Happy asks.
"Back to where he belongs." Asmodeus said as the smoke flew away.
"Now then," Asmodeus stands up and turns to everyone. "Let's start and unlock your
[Aura]."
Gray and Juvia run through the narrow roads of the labyrinth.
"How much longer do we have to run until we get to the exit!?" Gray said.
"Juvia doesn't know. Juvia thinks their friend is trying his best." Juvia said.
"It's been 40 minutes!" Gray exclaims.

After the fight with Metro, the duo didn't have to wait long for Asmodeus to return. He told
them about a crack in one of the labyrinth walls but it's on the other side of the dragon. He
also said that he had mapped the route and all they had to do was follow the markers he left
behind.
"Juvia thinks we are lost." Juvia said.
"What makes you say that?" Gray asked.
"Because there are no markers on the walls."
Gray and Juvia stop and the Ice wizard takes a good look at the walls. "Shit!"
"Please do not get angry, Gray-sama." Juvia said.
Gray grits his teeth before letting out a sigh. "You're right, but now what do we do? We can't
exactly go back the way we came."
"Maybe wait for Asmodeus-san?"
Gray shakes his head. "That's a bad idea. Who knows how long it'll be before he can find us
or those wood monsters." He said. "The best thing we can do is keep moving forward and
hope for something good to happen."
Juvia nods. "Okay."
With no other choice, the two continue forward, until they eventually reach a crossroads.
"Damn, which way do we go now!?" Gray says as he looks at each path with frustration.
"Gray-sama!" Juvia points to one of the paths.
Gray turns to the direction she's pointing and sees Laxus and Makarov running towards them,
with a flying Asmodeus in toe
"Master! Laxus-san!" Juvia smiles happily at the sight of familiar faces.
"What are you guys doing here!?" Laxus asks.
"We could ask you the same." Gray turns to the clone. "And you ditched us!"
The Asmodeus clone just looks confused. "I think you may be confusing me with another
clone. I've been with these two the entire time."
"He's right. If it wasn't for his assistance, we would have surely perished." Makarov said.
Gray just looks confused. "So where's OUR clone?"
The fourth Asmodeus closes his eyes and tunes everything, entering some kind of trance. He
uses [Dark Matter] to expand his senses as he tries to find a signature identical to his own.

'There!' He opens his eyes. "He is just southeast of here." He points to the path to his
right. "If we take this path, we should reach him in 5 minutes."
"Did you use [Sensing Magic]?" Makarov asked.
"Us clones are created through [Dark Matter] so we are all connected in some shape or
form. All I had to do was trace the residual [Dark Matter] back to a specific source
which in this case was the clone Gray and Juvia are with." He unfolds his wings and flies
towards the path. "Now, are we just gonna stand here and talk or are we gonna find my
twin?"
The guild follows the clone they traverse through the path. They take many turns, many
routes that were identical to the last. The unchanging scenery was making them dizzy and
tired.
"Ugh, are we there yet?" Gray groaned.
"Almost." Asmodeus replies.
"You've been hanging around Natsu too much. You're starting to sound like him." Laxus
remarks.
"Shut up!" Gray snap.
Eventually, they reach their destination: a dead end with a door in the middle.
And a familiar figure standing in front of it.
"HEY!" Gray yells.
"?" The clone turns around and sees everyone. "Hi there." He then notices the other
clone. "I wasn't expecting to see you here."
"Well, shit happens." The other Asmodeus shrugs. "Anyways, what are you doing here?"
"... this wasn't here before. It suddenly rose from the ground without any warning." He
turns to the massive wall. "It's like it… wants us to go inside."
"Well, that's not foreboding at all." Gray remarks.
"I've been meaning to investigate, but my senses tell me to stay away." He narrows his
eyes at the inviting entrance. "I don't let us leave once we go inside."
"Wait, what makes you think we'll go in there with you?" Laxus asks.
"Because you have nowhere else to go." He points and when Laxus turns he sees that the
path they came from is gone. "As you can see, the road is already sealed, our only chance
now is to move forward."
Gray narrows his eyes. "You… you knew this was gonna happen."

"You should have deduced it already, Gray, that the labyrinth is forever
changing." Perspective switches to the labyrinth walls. "The speed the walls change in is
well beyond what the human eye can perceive. So for you it's like taking a wrong
turn." He said. "This is because of Aldoron's [Chaos Energy], it's mutating him even as
we speak."
"What's [Chaos Energy]?" Gray asks.
"Its thoughts manifested as power. It's what powers the Chaos Emeralds and what
Aldoron is using to 'ascend', as he puts it." The fourth clone states. "It has no known
limit; just holding one of the emeralds gives a person the power to rule the world."
"You seem to know a whole lot about them, pal." A weary Gray points out making everyone
give the clones a skeptical look.
"... the boss has known about them all of his life. Originally, he dismissed them as a
mere fiction, until he found one of the fabled rocks underneath a bird's nest." The third
clone said.
"... you're joking, right?" Laxus skeptically asked.
"Well, it was a carnivorous monster bird, but you get my point." The third clone shrugs.
"Anyways, we need to move forward. There's no telling what'll happen if we remain idle
like this." The fourth clone said.
"Can't we just break through the walls?" Juvia asks.
"Already tried, and it led me straight back here." The third Asmodeus said.
"What about flying?" Makarov asks.
The third clone flies upwards but the moment he reaches the threshold, spear-like branches
sprout from the walls at supersonic speeds, but the clone manages to dodge them.
"As you can see, flying isn't an option." The clone says as he lands in front of them.
"Can we go already!? All this dialogue is making me sleepy!" The fourth clone exclaims.
With no room left for doubt, the Fairy Tail wizard decides to head in. One by one, the
wizards and the clones go through the dark entrance, unsure of what they'll find inside.
Juvia is the last one left as she looks at the entrance but remains undaunted.
"Off to the garden of madness." She takes a step forward and disappears in the darkness.
When she steps inside, she sees what the others see and is perplexed by what she sees. They
seem to have arrived in a tropical forest of sorts, with a large river separating the landmass
beyond and only a wooden bridge connecting them.

"Wow. I thought this was going to be a den full of monsters, not a tropical paradise." Gray
looks up and sees the sun shining above them. "Is that really the sun?"
"Make no mistake. We are inside the building, but the interior has been connected to
another dimension." Third clone states.
"Fascinating." Makarov muses as he watches a butterfly pass by.
Juvia hears a sound from behind and when she turns back, she sees that the entrance is now
gone.
"Guys, the entrance is gone!" Juvia exclaims, causing everyone (except the clones) to look
back in shock.
"What!? That can't be!" Laxus walks towards the spot where the entrance was, only to pass
through and find nothing there. "What the!? Where's the wall!?"
"We've been disconnected from the outside world. He knows we're here." The fourth
clone said.
"So what do we do now!?" Laxus yelled.
"What we've done so far: we follow the path." He said as the view zooms out to show the
bridge.
With no other option than to move forward, the group walks the old but otherwise firm to the
other side of the river and reach a tropical forest.
The Asmodeus clones create sharp black tentacles and proceed to steadily cut a path through
the thick forest.
"You think we'll be able to get back?" Gray asks his partner.
"Juvia doesn't know, but Juvia has a feeling everything will be okay." Juvia said.
Gray arches an eyebrow. "What makes you so sure?"
That's when Juvia does something out of character. "I don't know. I just believe everything
will be fine."
Gray was a little surprised by this. Not once has he heard Juvia talk in first-person. It was odd
and definitely out of character for her. But if she believes they'll be okay, then he'll believe,
too.
'Fairies do have the luck of devils.' Gray mused, remembering someone in Magnolia saying it
in passing once.
Eventually, after cutting down more trees, the group sees a clearing and finds something
bizarre.

"What's a Mayan Temple doing here?" The third clone whispers to his twin.
"You think Aldoron connected this place to Earth?" The fourth clone whispers back.
"Maybe? The structure is familiar, but I don't recognize the markings."
"Hey! What are you two whispering about!?" Laxus' yelling catches the two off guard.
The twins turn to dragon slayer. "It's nothing. It's just that we've seen this building
before."
"You've seen it? Where exactly?" Makarov asks.
"Around certain cities, usually serving as tourist attractions." The fourth clone
comments. "Let's go. I have a feeling we'll find some answers inside."
The group walk up the steps and eventually reach the top and enter the temple. The inside
was composed entirely of rock and trees with vase-shaped plants hanging limply from the
ceiling with silhouettes inside them.
"What is this place? Some kind of greenhouse?" The third clone said.
Makarov walks towards one of the plants with a silhouette. As he gets closer, the silhouette
becomes much more recognizable to the old master. "Max?"
"Bickslow! Evergreen! Fried!" Makarov turns to find Laxus distraught at seeing
his [Thunder God Tribe] trapped inside the plants.
He immediately tries to tear the plant open, but it doesn't budge. "Damnit!" He engulfs one of
his fists in lightning, "[Lighting Dragon Iron Fist!]" He punches the plant only to absorb
his lighting like a sponge, effectively negating the attack. "What the hell is going on!?"
The clones stare at the plant holding Jellal.
"It appears that some of your guildmates are trapped in magic-resistant pod plants that
apparently also incapacitates them." The Third Asmodeus clone states, before looking at
his twin with a grim expression. "This is bad, very bad."
"Why?" Makarov asks the clones, his distress clearly visible to all.
"The boss has seen something like this before, where people are knocked out and kept
imprisoned within plants that are difficult to release them from." The fourth Asmodeus
clone told him, his mind racing through a few similar scenarios in various shows and anime
from Earth, the [Infinite Tsukuyomi] from Naruto being a prime example. "In those
situations, the individuals are kept incapacitated using either special substances or
mental fantasies of their greatest desires, and all the while the plants holding them
slowly saps them of their vitality. And given that we are dealing with a dragon who
referred to the people who lived in the cities built on his body as 'nutrients', it doesn't
take genius to figure out what their purpose is."

"Very perceptive, you lowly insects." An arrogant voice called out to them, causing them to
turn and see a plant-like individual walk towards them.
The Asmodeus clones immediately recognize him as Gears, one of Aldoron's God Seeds.
"Who the hell are you?" Laxus demands.
"I am Gears, of the five Guardian Deities. I have been tasked by Aldoron-sama to watch over
the Pitfall Room." Gears said.
"Pitfall Room?" Juvia asks.
Gears extends his arms outwards, gesturing the entire room. "This is where the humans who
foolishly venture on the Wood Dragon God end up. They are then digested and converted to
magical power for Aldoron-sama to feed and grow."
The Fairies are mortified and attempt to free their friends.
"It's no use. No matter how strong or powerful you are, you will never free your friends.
They are bound to me." Gears said.
"So, you're saying that those plants are indestructible so long as you're alive?" The
fourth clone asks and Gears nods.
"Heh." Laxus' smile is all teeth as he cracks his knuckles. "That's all I needed to hear." He
begins to gather large amounts of lightning around one of his fists before bending his arm.
Gears watches blankly as magical energy gathers around the human.
"Take this! [Lightning Dragon's Breakdown First]!" He extends his arm forward causing
a magic circle to appear in front of him as his fist collides with it. The magic circle unleashes
an oversized version of his fist, completely coated in lightning and launched towards his
unmoving opponent.
The impact causes a shockwave that violently shakes the entire structure as stray lighting
flies about.
"Wow…" Gray was in awe at the display. "Laxus really goes all out."
"But did he beat him?" Juvia asks.
"..." The twins stare at the unmoving back of Laxus. "... something's wrong?"
Makarov sees his grandson trembling. "Laxus…?" But as he moves closer, he jolts as his
grandson bends back.
"AAAAHHHHHH!" Laxus screams as he holds his left arm, twisted and bleeding with bone
poking out of his skin.

"Laxus!" The others yell in concern as they immediately see him and look at the dragon
slayer's injury.
"How did this happen?" Makarov asked in shock, before glaring at Gears. "What did you do
to my grandson?"
"He hurt himself." Gears smugly replied. "His injury is a result of his guilt being reflected
back at himself."
"What the hell kind of answer is that!?" Gray replied in a demanding tone. "What do you
mean, his guilt!?"
The God Seed laughs at the response, with an expression as if he was dealing with a naive
and stupid child.
"All you stupid and pathetic humans bear and feel guilt in some way or form from your own
actions and experiences," Gears replied. "And as a chosen guardian of the great Aldoronsama, I can take that guilt and use it against those who dare stand against him! The more guilt
one bears, the more it will be used against them and the more suffering they will experience!"
"You bastard!" Gray screams as he rushes forward with Juvia quickly in toe.
"[Ice Make: Battle Axe]!" Gray creates a crescent wave of ice at the God Seed.
"[Water Slicer]!" Juvia swipes her arms, sending scythe-like blades of water at her target.
Gears merely extends his arms leaving himself wide open as their attacks connect.
"Guah!" Juvia coughs up blood as a large hole suddenly appears on the right of her waist.
"Guh!" Fresh cuts appear all across Gray's upper body and begin to bleed.
"Foolish humans, were you not listening? The more guilt you bear, the more it will be used
against you." He watches the two mages fall to their knees as he smiles. "For that is the
decree of god."
"Guilt, huh?" The fourth Asmodeus clone says, before turning to his clone who has the
same idea in mind.
"Indeed, and since it stems from your own guilt, you are essentially only injuring yourself!"
Gears arrogantly proclaims. "And lucky for me, you lowly humans reek of guilt, making it
impossible for you to stand against me, and soon you all will become nutrients for Aldoronsama!"
Makarov grits his teeth at the sight of his children being harmed.
"From the moment humankind developed their knowledge, they sealed their fate. They've
trapped themselves in an endless cycle of sin that will never waver, never diminished, and
never unpunished." Gears stares down at the humans with disdain. "I am he who judges

humanity, the voice of god, and I name you all Guilty for existing." However, he suddenly
finds himself staring at the ceiling. "... eh?"
The perspective changes to reveal Gears has been sliced to pieces, with his head flying up
before quickly falling and landing on a pile of his own body.
"... impossible!" A beheaded Gears shouts in disbelief as two figures enter his field of vision.
"Impossible? Why does that word sound so familiar?" The third Amsodeus mused.
"Probably from one of our 'brothers'. Remember, we are all linked together in some
shape or form." The fourth Asmodeus said.
"How is this possible…!? Your guilt should have destroyed you both…!" Gears said, causing
the clones to laugh. "What's so funny…!?"
"Sorry to disappoint you, Gears, but you triggered my trap card." The third clone said.
Gears blinks. "What…!?"
"We're not affected by your little magic trick because the boss has nothing to feel guilty
about." The fourth clone states. "And since we're his clones, the same also applies to us,
rendering your little 'blessing' completely useless."
"That's ridiculous! All living things carry guilt within their hearts no matter how small! Your
original should be no different!" Gears argue.
"Maybe, but feeling guilt doesn't exactly mean much to us due to our nature." The
fourth said.
"Face it, pal. You just met your match." The third adds.
Gears' face cringes with anger as his body quickly reforms back to its original state.
"My equal? Such arrogance from a pair of wraiths. Do you truly think you're a match for an
apostle of god? I will make you bow your heads in forgiveness before the next minute is
done." Gears declare as vines detach from the walls and attack.
The two clones jump back as the vine collides and level the floor they were just on.
"We should split up. Someone has to heal the others." The third states as the two land on
top of trees.
"I'll do it. Just keep that weed distracted." The fourth suggests and his nods.
The fourth clone flies away while the third leads the God Seed out of the temple and into the
forest outside.
"If you think sending that wraith to heal your pets will change anything, you are mistaken.
Fate has already decided that I shall be victorious." Gears proclaims with arrogance.

"You really do take after Aldoron, arrogance and all. Just hearing your voice is giving
me a migraine. And also, you should focus more on the present rather than some
unanswered future." The third charges at Gears.
Gears stops the punch but is surprised by how heavy it was. A wraith shouldn't be this strong,
they're nothing more than magic particles cobbled together.
The clone doesn't stop; he raises his left leg just enough to separate them before immediately
going for another attack.
He fires a barrage of black energy blasts at Gears who uses the vines to shield himself.
Gears struggles to maintain his defense before noticing a black spot appear and quickly
causes the vines to rot.
"!" Sensing what's happening, the God Seed quickly jumps away just before vines die and
turn into [Dark Matter] which is immediately absorbed by the clone.
"You… you destroy everything you touch!" Gears growls.
The Asmodeus clone shrugs in embarrassment. "Aw, stop it. You're making me blush." He
raises his hand and summons the [Devil Sword Sparda].
Gears watches his opponent raise his demonic sword, letting the black turn black as it
gathers [Dark Matter] and magic like a sponge.
"Let's see how you handle this, weed! [Dark Maelstrom]!" The clone swings the sword
down, unleashes a gigantic crescent wave of darkness.
Gears summons a giant wall of wood and vines to protect himself, but the wall crumbles
from simply being in close proximity of the energy leaving the God Seed wide open.
"NOOOOOOOOOO!" Gears scream as it is completely swallowed by the darkness. The
attack doesn't stop as it continues to destroy everything in its path before naturally
dissipating.
Upon the attack fully dissipating, there was no sign of the God Seed to the clone as he flies
back to the temple where he finds his twin along with the fully-healed wizards.
"Is it over?" Juvia asked in a hopeful tone, though it diminished when seeing the clones look
at each other with an expression that clearly conveyed skepticism.
"That glorified weed is undoubtedly arrogant, but sadly he has the power to back it up.
Plus the fact that these pods are still active and holding your friends only cements my
point." The third Asmodeus cautiously said. "Stay on guard, he's likely hiding in the
shadows to either strike or recover."
Sharp wooden spears fly out of nowhere towards the group, but the fourth clone catches them
with his black tentacles.

"You WRETCHED HUMANS!" The voice of Gears loudly proclaimed. "How dare you sully
the greatness of Aldoron-sama by depriving him of his nutrients! For this transgression, you
will suffer!"
"The God Seeds were already beaten before Aldoron used the Chaos Emerald, and two
of your fellow God Seeds are no more, or three if you include the various Wolfen
clones." The fourth Asmodeus clone states. "Not our fault you overgrown weeds got so
cocky so easily due to narcissism and a massive God Complex."
"SILENCE, YOU LOWLY INSECT! If guilt alone won't bring you down, then perhaps the
blessing of Aldoron-sama will be your downfall!" Gears yells as he reappears before them,
before closing his eyes and crouching on the ground followed by penetrating the ground with
his fist. "Aldoron-sama, please grant your humble servant the power to destroy those who
would wish to deprive you of your nutrients!"
The group stares at the golem before a voice is heard from seemingly everywhere.
"Very well, your wish shall be granted. Use this power and means given to you well, and
destroy all those who oppose my will."
Roots rise and stab Gears' body, but instead of screaming in pain, It was jubilated as power
was pumped into it.
"Thank you!" Gears exclaims, the decibels in its voice lower as it grows and gains more
mass.
The group looks on as Gears grows taller, armor-like plating grows on its shoulders, arms,
and legs. Cracks begin to appear in its chest before it splits in the middle, revealing a large
purple eye that looks around frantically.
Horns grow from its forehead and its hair grows longer until it reaches its legs. A large
autumn leaf appears on his back that serves as its cape.
You are now reborn. Rise, Gears, the God Tree of Illusions.
From the ground bursts three Wolfen clones before they shapeshift into the forms of God
Serena, Neinhart, and Larcade Dragneel.
The Fairy Tail wizards quickly recognize the three as members of the Spriggan 12.
Use these vessels to increase your power. Do not fail me.
Gears extends his own roots and stabs them into the heads of each clone. The roots begin to
suck them in like straws and their power, memories, and skills merge into the newly
christened God Tree.
"I shall not fail you, Aldoron-sama!" Gears exclaims in a now more monstrous voice.
He unleashes an aura of power that nearly blows everyone away.

"How…? How did he get so powerful!?" Gray exclaims.
"Because he cheated using fuck-you power from daddy, that's how." The third clone said
with annoyance. "These bastards take the shortcut instead of earning the power. It's
irritating."
The fourth clone turns to his allies. "You four need to leave. Now."
Laxus looks at the clone offended. "What!? Are you saying that we're weak!?"
"That's EXACTLY what I'm saying, Laxus." The fourth states.
"But we can help. We've fought the Spriggan 12 before and defeated them." Juvia reasoned.
"Correct, you fought ONE of the Spriggan 12. You never fought three of them at the
same time!" The fourth argues.
"Just get the hell out of here already! You're all just deadweight!" The third snaps at
them.
This hit the wizards right where it hurt. More so to a certain dragon slayer.
"YOU SONUVA-" Laxus was about to pounce before a hand stopped him. "Gramps, what
are you doing!?"
"We don't have time for this! That thing's power is unlike anything we've even seen! The
clones are right, we'll only slow them down!" Makarov exclaims.
"But-But-!"
"Let's go! That's an order from your Master!" Makarov yells, using his authority to make
them obey, something that he prefers not to use.
"C'mon." Gray grabs Juvia's hand and the two run towards the entrance.
"Ah! Gray-sama's touching Juvia's hand! Juvia is so happy~" Juvia moaned.
Laxus clenches his fist as electricity starts surging from his body. "Dammit!" He turns around
and walks away with heavy steps.
"... I'm sorry." The clones simultaneously told the old master.
"Just beat that thing and save my family." Makarov said and ran off.
"I will. That's a promise." The twins declare as they release their own power, but this only
makes the evolved God Seed laugh.
Name: Gears
Title: God Tree of Illusions

Level: 103
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Guardian Deities
HP: 173,002
MP: 271,089
SP: 200,912
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Extermination
"You foolish human, have you forgotten that you are currently in a realm under Aldoronsama's control and that the Labyrinth would not so easily allow your comrades to escape?
And even if they could, do you think I would let them get far?"
"Don't underestimate them, like the boss and us clones, the Mages of Fairy Tail have a
reputation and track record of defying the odds!" The third clone proudly states.
"Those mere insects are nothing compared to me now, and they will never be anything more
than nutrients to Aldoron-sama!" Gears arrogantly proclaims.
"Jeez, you really love hearing the sound of your own voice, don't you?" The fourth clone
states in a mildly annoyed tone. "It's always 'lowly humans' this and 'great Aldoronsama' that. Get some new material, you overgrown weed, because quite frankly you
sound like a broken record."
Gears sneered. "You should enjoy hearing me speak, because soon you'll only hear the
screams and cries and begging of your comrades, as they succumb to their guilt and primal
instincts!"
The fourth clone rushes at Gears and throws a volley of punches, propelling the God Tree
further forward before finishing it with another and sending it flying.
The third clone appears and kicks Gears straight to the sky where the fourth clone awaits.
He clasps his hands together and hits it with all his strength causing Gears to crash to the
ground like a meteor.
""[Dark Torrent]!"" The two clones fire at the crater causing a large explosion.
The fourth clone lands next to his twin as they stare at the smoke with weariness and
apprehension. "Get ready."
"Mm."
Suddenly, both clones of Asmodeus see white whips of magical energy emerge from the
ground that wraps around them.

Immediately, a massive surge of overwhelming pleasure was felt by both clones, though
thankfully the benefit of [Gamer's Mind] allowed them to maintain their self-control.
"You feel that?" The third Asmodeus clone asks his twin, to which he nods in
confirmation. "This is definitely Larcade's magic, but luckily we were able to avoid
dying because of [Gamer's Mind] and [Gamer's Body]."
The smoke clears revealing Gears unharmed.
"I'm surprised you humans are able to resist this so easily, but let's see if you can resist the
other Magic's as easily," Gears said.
Gears proceeded to use [Famished Soul] on the clones, causing them to feel intense hunger
and to look at each other before regaining their focus.
Deciding to play it given their apparent resistance and to exploit their current distracted state,
Gears used some of his [Dragon Slayer] magic.
He takes a sharp breath as it pulls its head back. "[Gale Dragon's Song of Moon and
Wind]!" It releases a destructive gust of wind that shreds everything the instant it makes
contact.
The third clone raises the [Sparda] and swings it down, cutting the gust in half.
'What!? He cut my wind!?' A shocked Gears thought.
The fourth clone doesn't waste a moment and rushes at the God Tree. He cocks his left arm
back, coating it in ice before using the golem's stupor to deliver a powerful haymaker directly
in its face.
The clone takes a foot forward and sends Gears crashing to the wall.
"You may have the magic of eight elemental dragons, but you also unintentionally
inherited their weaknesses." He raises his frozen hand. "Did you know that, aside from
fire, wind's other main weakness is ice? Not surprising, considering the rigid
temperatures causes the molecules in the air to slow down due to a loss in energy."
Gears quickly rushes out of the wall with one of its firsts engulfed in flames. "[Purgatory
Dragon's Blazing Inferno]!" He punches forward, releases the infernal fire which explodes,
becoming a colossal sphere of flames that eats everything in front of it.
"Heh." Gears smirks triumphantly before it turns into one of confusion and shock as the
clones nonchalantly step out of the inferno. "How!?"
The fourth clone takes a handful of fire and throws it into his mouth. "Hot damn! That's
some good shit right there!"
The third clone eats some of the fire himself. "Damn, you weren't kidding."
Gears' eyes widened. "You're dragon slayers!"

"Yup." Both clones said.
"Though that begs the question: which one is more powerful? You're fake ass magic or
magic gained from a true dragon?" The third's smile's all teeth. "Let's find out!"
Gears slaps his hands to the ground, "[Cavern Dragon's Earth Collapse]!" The ground
cracks before exploding in a giant burst of stones and rocks, completely obliterating the
ground.
The twins, though, just use their wings to fly to safety.
"What was the point of that? Did he forget we could fly?" The third asks, letting his
sword rest on his shoulder.
"Well, he did absorb that clone of God Serena, and if I remember correctly, he was
extremely flamboyant and arrogant." The fourth said. "His spells also match his
personality: powerful and flamboyant. He doesn't seem to have mastered any of the
magic. It's powerful, yes, but not exactly versatile."
"So all we gotta do is outmaneuver him with our power? Sounds good to me." The third
smirks as he flies towards the God Tree.
"That hothead." The fourth lets out a sigh.
Vines rise to try and impede the clone's path but he merely cuts them down with a swing of
his sword.
Gears conjures a rapier made of wood and vines and manages to intercept and block the
clone's blade, but the momentum moves its body back with excessive force.
"Guh!" Gears stabs the rapier into the remaining earth to stop himself.
"Time to try something new." He raises his left arm as tiny explosions dance in his palm
before closing it, making the explosions even louder. He charges at Gears for another punch
but the evolved golem blocks it with the rapier.
"Foolish. Did you think that would stop me?" Gears taunted before noticing his fist glowing.
"!?"
"[Fire Dragon's Impact]!" The clone opens his hand and it releases a powerful explosion
that engulfs the entire crater.
"He used [Elemental Manipulation] to turn the water molecules in his sweat into
nitroglycerin and used [Fire Dragon Slayer] magic to trigger a chemical reaction." The
fourth explains. "Him closing his hand froze it in place and when he hit the rapier it
restarted the chain reaction. He turned his hand into a landmine." His thoughts turn to a
certain explosive hero-in-training and smiles. "I'm so clever, it sometimes scares me."
Gears grunts in pain as his head and body regenerates. "I'll kill you!"

"And you'll fail like all the rest! So do us all a favor and just DIE!" The third opens his
mouth and fires a burst of dark energy at the golem point-blank, but to his shock Gears
begins to EAT the darkness. "What!?"
"[Darkness Dragon Roar]!" Gears unleashes his own dark beam at the clone but it dodges
the shot.
"Tch. Stubborn bastard." The third growls as he meets his twin.
Wisps of darkness dance around Gears' body. "What will you do now? Your precious
darkness can't harm me now."
The twins descend to ground level before the distant sounds of fighting grab their attention.
*BOOM!*
The wall explodes, blowing a blast of sheer cold as Gray, Juvia, Laxus, and Makarov all fly
through the hole and descend straight towards the crater below.
"Oof!/Ow!/Guh!" The fairies unceremoniously land on top of each other right before
something jumps in front of them.
"You?" The third clone remarks as they are staring at the human form of Acnologia.
"... I smell dragons on you two." A predatory grin forms on his face. "I hope you can give me
a better challenge than these weaklings."
Name: Acnologia
Title: The Black Dragon, The Black Dragon in the Book of the Apocalypse, The Dragon
King, Dragon of Magic, The Doctor
Level: 132
Affiliation: n/a
HP: 132,894
MP: 150,006
SP: 145,449
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Potential Prey
Special Traits: Dead Limiter
All stats are lowered by 50% if the summon's power is higher than the summoner's.
"Oh dear." The third said, surprised by the undead's weakened state.

The fourth clone glances at Gears. "What have you done?"
Gears chuckles. "I needed a powerful weapon to destroy you insects in an instant. And what
better weapon than the engine of destruction that has plagued this world for centuries?"
"Be quiet, trash." Acnologia's commanding tone makes Gears flinch. "If my power wasn't
retrained, I would obliterate both you and your dragon master in an instant."
Gears calmed down. "Well, how else was I supposed to make you behave? You would go on
a rampage the moment you opened your eyes." The golem extends his arms out. "But rejoice,
false one. Your soul can find redemption and forgiveness in service of the great Dragon God
Emperor."
Acnologia growls as he directs all of his Killer Intent as the God Tree.
"Looks like he didn't like it one bit. I can share the sentiment." The third remark.
"If I remember correctly, [Historia of the Dead] can be stopped when the materialized
soul is overcomed with immense fear. Though I doubt something like fear would work
on Acnologia." The fourth explains. "The replicas are also weaker than their original
selves, so we may have an advantage."
"Advantage? You really think so?" A smiling Acnologia unleashes his magical power at the
twins. "You fools have no chance against me."
"Is that a fact?" The third clone begins to release his magical power as intense heat that
melts everything around him. Scales begin to appear on his face and forearms. "You
shouldn't underestimate me."
The third slams his foot to the ground, leveling the earth before charging the undead king
with inhuman speed.
Acnologia smiles as he goes counter, only for the fledgeling to dodge at the last minute
leaving the dragon king to punch the ground instead.
"Wher-UGH!" Acnologia doesn't finish his query as a fiery fist collides with his fast, sending
him flying to the other side of the crater.
'A simple punch like that shouldn't have hurt Acnologia, let alone hurl him across the
crater.' The fourth thought as he healed the fairies' wounds. 'He wasn't joking when he said
his powers were sealed. But to this extent? Even I think that's dumb. These things are
REALLY underestimating us.'
The third looks at a struggling Acnologia. "Look at how the mighty have fallen. Aldoron
has taken everything from you. You're not even a king anymore."
Acnologia snarls. "Watch your tongue, boy!"
"Your wood clone was much tougher than you. Just a little bit of [Dragon Force] was
enough to pin you to the wall." He charges forward and punches Acnologia in the gut,

pushing him further into the wall. "You're just a slave. First to your power and now to a
tree. You're so pathetic. A useless creature who lived a useless life."
"Shut up…!"
"You're not worth fighting. You're not worth your title of king." He leans closer to his
ear. "You're just… trash."
*BOOM!*
Acnologia's body explodes in a surge of black energy that begins to swallow everything
around him like a black hole.
"Impossible! He… he broke the seals with his own strength!?" A shocked and scared Gears
said.
"I AM ACNOLOGIA! THE BLACK DRAGON KING! THE SCOURGE OF LIFE!
AND I WILL NOT BE CONTAINED OR TALKED DOWN BY ANYONE!" Acnologia
roars out as he glares at the clone.
He pulls himself out of the wall and slowly makes his way towards the third.
The third chuckles. "That's much better. I might actually start to enjoy this." He
transforms into his fire [Dragon Force] form. "Let's have a good time."
Acnologia wastes no time and leaps forward with a punch. The third catches the punch but is
knocked back by the sudden shockwave.
Fire begins to build up in his mouth before releasing a massive maelstrom of fire straight
towards Acnologia, but the revived black dragon simply stops it with his hand and begins
running towards the third.
The third puts more power into his dragon breath, causing Acnologia to falter but not enough
to stop him.
Eventually, Acnologia reaches his target and attacks with a swift kick, only for the clone to
fly out at the last second narrowly avoiding the attack.
"Grr… come down here and face me like a true dragon!" Acnologia demands and sees
his opponent descend. "Good boy."
Fire begins to circle around before it bursts into a pillar of flames.
"Ho? Looks like you want to use your ultimate attack to destroy me. I like your resolve.
Let me respond in kind." He begins to eat the magic in the air, growing stronger by the
second.
Their immense magical power begins to collide against each other, causing shockwaves that
begin to tear the temple around them.

Gears stumbles and takes a knee as his magic is rapidly drained. "That bothersome false
dragon, he's draining me faster than I can regenerate. At this rate, he'll end up destroying
everything." The golem snaps its fingers at the puppet.
*BA-BUMP!* Acnologia feels himself disappearing. 'Damn you, dragons!' Those are his last
thoughts before returning to the afterlife.
"Huh?" The third looks confused as Acnologia vanishes in an instant. He turns to Gears with
visible anger on his face. "What the hell was that for!?"
"You pushed Acnologia to release himself from my control…" Gears wheeze out in
exhaustion. "If I had not dispelled him… if not, I would have most certainly perished…"
"It's your own fault for thinking you can control Acnologia's power." The fourth
Asmodeus clone says with a roll of the eyes. "Even if you were stronger than him, which
you aren't for the record, that bastard is known for his stubbornness, bloodlust, and
strong hatred of dragons. It's like you overgrown weeds didn't learn anything from
Wolfen making the same mistake when transformed into Acnologia."
"Silence, you insect!" Gears roared. "That false dragon is nothing compared to a servant of
the great Aldoron-sama! Once I get a good grasp of this power, Acnologia will know his
place and forced to serve Aldoron-sama as penance for his atrocities!"
"Sure, keep telling yourself that." the third Asmodeus clone sarcastically replies.
Gears snarled. "I may not be able to use Acnologia again at the moment, but thanks to those
fairies, I have more than a few others I can use to serve the will of Aldoron-sama!"
Immediately after saying that, several figures appeared.
The twins immediately recognized them as Zeref Dragneel, Mavis Vermillion, Silver
Fullbuster, Ur, and Zancrow.
Name: Zancrow
Title: Dark Fire God, Mad Lord of Purgatory
Level: 88
Affiliation: Grimoire Heart, Seven Kins of Purgatory
HP: 63,522
MP: 66,879
SP: 56,723
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Confused

Name: Mavis Vermilion
Title: The First Master of Fairy Tail, the Fairy Tactician
Level: 111
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP:50,347
MP: 119,466
SP: 21,589
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Confused
Special Traits: Dead Limiter
Name: Zeref Dragneel
Title: Black Wizard, Emperor Spriggan
Level: 111
Affiliation: n/a
HP: 49,834
MP: 117,272
SP: 43,568
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Anger, interested.
Special Traits: Dead Limiter
Name: Silver Fullbuster
Title: Absolute Zero, Zombie Dad
Level: 92
Affiliation: Tartaros (former)
HP: 69,241
MP: 88,111

SP: 78,777
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Confused
Name: Ur
Title: Ice Mistress
Level: 88
Affiliation: n/a
HP: 59,322
MP: 66,190
SP: 45,666
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Confused
"Well, this is an odd yet concerning collection of individuals," the third Asmodeus clone
says in a tense tone. "But why Zancrow? Compared to the others, he's rather tame."
"He may not be as strong as the others, but he would be a counter to your [Fire Dragon
Slayer] magic so the others would have an easier time," Gears smugly replies.
As they were speaking, the Historia's became increasingly aware of their surroundings.
"Where the fuck am I!?" Zancrow loudly says.
"Back in the realm of the living, I see." Ur said. "And here I thought that I wouldn't return
again after that war."
"To think I am once again forced back to the land of the living in service of evil individuals,
and once again forced to fight Fairy Tail and even my own son." Silver spoke while glaring at
Gears.
"After finally getting peace in the afterlife after over 400 years of a cursed existence, you
dare to force me back in the living world?" Zeref coldly states to Gears with a dark
expression on his face. "You will regret this, you foul being."
"Indeed, to think you would drag us back to the living world for your own purposes, and
against my own guild no less." Mavis says in an enraged tone. "You clearly underestimate the
mages of Fairy Tail, and it will come back to haunt you!"
Gears scoffed. "You lowly humans can express your displeasure and anger all you want, but
you are here to serve me." The golem jumps up and lands on top of the crater to watch it all.

"Now, fulfill the will of Aldoron-sama by destroying those who would oppose him!"
"I don't think we can take them all on." The fourth clone said, exasperated.
"Then it's a good thing you're not alone." The two clones turn to see Makarov, Laxus, Juvia,
and Gray recovered.
"We won't let this thing play with the souls of our loved ones." Makarov declares.
"He thinks that we'll relent, but it's the exact opposite. We'll keep going until we set them all
free." Gray follows up.
"Gears' spell made me realize that I never let go of my guilt over my actions when I was in
Phantom Lord. But that stops now, I won't let the past get in my way of the future!" Juvia
exclaims.
"I have done things, things that I can never take back, and I'm willing to pay for them when
the time comes." Laxus' body is encased in lighting. "But if you think that'll be enough to
stop me, then think again. I will not allow ANYONE to threaten my family again!"
"Damn… that's pretty cool." The third whispers in awe at their determination.
"Ditto." The fourth agreed.
Gears laugh. "It doesn't matter. You will all still die by the hands of your loved ones!"
"As if!" Silver yells.
"We won't obey you, monster!" Ur adds.
Gears smirks. "None of you have a choice." He snaps his fingers.
"!" Everyone's eyes widened as their bodies started moving on their own.
"What the hell!? Stop!" Zancrow yells as he can't stop himself.
"Attack!" Gears orders and the wizards charge.
"Damn it, I am sorry about this, Gray!" Silver yells as he is forced to attack his son with a fist
coated in ice.
"Don't worry, dad! I will free you and return you to the afterlife, you won't be forced to serve
bad people again!" Gray reassures as he fights back with his own [Ice-Make: Sword] made
from [Ice Devil Slayer] magic.
Ur was facing off against Juvia, neither of which seemed particularly eager to do so.
"For what it's worth I truly am sorry for this." Ur sadly says as she is forced to create ice
arrows. "You clearly care a great deal about Gray and are clearly important to him, and yet I
am forced to fight you."

"There is no need for you to apologize, Ur-sama!" Juvia replies to reassure Gray's mentor,
readying her own Water magic. "You are not at fault for your own actions, but I will do what
it takes to set you free!"
Makarov and Laxus decided to both take on Mavis, knowing how dangerous she is and
wishing to free the first Guild master of Fairy Tail.
"Makarov, I am happy to see you and Laxus again, but the two of you must stop me before I
am forced to do something unforgivable!" Mavis pleads to the two of them.
"Mavis, you have my word as the guild master of Fairy Tail. You will be free and no harm
will come to Fairy Tail so long as I still breathe." Makarov said in a determined tone.
"This won't be an easy fight by any means, but I will do whatever it takes to protect my
family!" Laxus replies while his body is charging in his [Lightning Dragon Slayer] magic.
Zeref and Zancrow went up against the Asmodeus clones.
"You two need to get away! Neither of you have any idea what I can do, and my magic power
is deadly to anyone else!" Zeref warned as his body was coated in a dark aura, while
Zancrow's body was covered in black flames.
The clones took on a fighting stance but looked fairly confident.
"Trust us, I think we can handle ourselves." the third Asmodeus clone says as he begins to
power up.
"Believe it or not, we have faced worse. Much worse." the fourth Asmodeus states before
charging the duo.
The third quickly charges straight for Zancrow and delivers a swift and powerful roundhouse
kick to his torso, breaking his ribs.
"[Fire Dragon's Impact]!" The third leg glows before erupting in an explosion that sends
the dark wizard flying.
"Lucky shot! I'll make you regret that!" He twists his body forward and punches the ground
to stop the momentum. "Let's see how you handle this!" He takes a deep breath as a magic
circle appears in front of him. "[Fire God's Bellow]!" He unleashes a torrent of black flames
at the clone.
The third smirks as he raises his hands and catches the black flames before immediately
starting to devour them.
"What!?" Zancrow is shocked by this. "But you're a [Dragon Slayer]! You can't eat my [God
Slayer] magic!"
The third finishes eating the black flames. "As a wise man once said," his body ignites with
black flames, making the rock evaporate around him. "Rules were made to be broken."

Meanwhile, the fourth raises a barrier around himself and Zeref, effectively isolating the
space around them.
"There. This should make sure you can't kill anyone with your curse." The fourth said.
"Please… just go. I don't want to hurt you." Zeref's body glows with dark energy. "I can't
stop."
The fourth creates a cube of [Integrity] just as Zeref unleashes a dark wave that destroys the
blue cube instantly.
"This is going to be harder than I thought." The clone's eyes turn blue and on queue
Zeref's body glows blue.
Suddenly Zeref drops flats to the ground as the intense gravity begins to crush him.
"Even this… won't be enough to kill me…!" Zeref said.
"I know. That's why I need to stay put until I can figure something out." The fourth told
him. However, to his shock, Zeref begins to stand up. "What…?"
"I've tried to kill myself using [Gravity] magic a couple of times. All that did though was
make my body more accustomed to its effects." Zeref swipes both of his arms in a circular
motion until the bottom of his hands meet. The hand on top has the index and middle fingers
pointing upwards, while the other hand has the pinky and index fingers pointing downwards.
As he does this, a dark surrounds him.
"Forgive me…"
The fourth can only blink as his vision is obscured by darkness.
Earlier
Gray dodges a barrage of ice shards from his father.
"You need to stay on your toes Gray. My ice is much more deadlier than yours, remember?"
Silver said.
"I remember alright!" Gray yells.
"Behind you!" Ur yells as she puts her fist over her palm and creates a cannon made of ice. "
[Ice Make: Ice Cannon]" She fires an ice cannonball at her pupil.
"Whoa!" Gray narrowly dodges the attack. "Her casting is still as fast as I remember."
"Don't take your eyes off me, Gray! [Ice Devil's Shiver]!" Silver creates an ice shard funnel
that forms a straight line heading for Gray.
"[Ice Devil's Shiver]!" Gray uses the exact same spell and the two spells collide and explode
into shards of ice.

The Fairy Tail wizard continues to dodge Ur's cannonballs who continue to fire in succession,
driving Gray further until he unintentionally slips on the ice. "Shit!"
"[Ice Devil's Rage]!" Silver inhales and releases a large purple blizzard at his son.
"!" Gray doesn't have time to dodge and can only watch as the attack fast approaches.
"[Water Dome]!" A dome of water forms around Gray, freezing in an instant.
Silver smiles. "About time."
Inside the ice dome, Gray looks around. "Juvia? Are you alright? Where were you?"
"Juvia is alright. Juiva apologizes for taking so long." Juvia said, her face appearing in the
ice. "Silver-sama caught Juvia off guard and froze her. But she is alright now and at your
service!"
Gray sighs and smiles. "Good. I'm glad you're safe."
Juvia blushes. "Gray-sama~"
Gray taps the ice wall and it begins to break down. "Let's go, Juvia!"
"Mm!"
The scene switches to the outside as Silver and Ur stare at the ice dome.
*CRACK~*
"!" The two ice users watch as the ice dome melts revealing Gray and Juvia holding hands
together, though half of Gray's body is now pitch black with white markings.
"Magic Power Fusion!" Two magic circles appear in front of them.
"A [Unison Raid]... using [Ice Devil Slayer] magic?" Silver comments.
"[Demonic Ice Tsunami]!" The duo summon a purple tsunami that heads straight for the two
ice wizards before it instantly freezes over.
"That… was a good one." Ur said inside the ice.
"Yeah… you did good, kid." Silver adds.
The black marks on Gray retract and he returns to normal. "Don't bother moving. We made
sure that the ice is stronger than iron."
"Please don't fight Silver-sama, Ur-sama. Juvia doesn't want Gray-sama to be saddened any
further." Juvia adds.
"I had a feeling you were close and cared deeply for Gray when I asked you to take care of
him last time we met, but I never realized just how close you two were." Silver says with a

smirk before looking at his son. "You found yourself a real keeper, son, you should cherish
her for the rest of your life. She definitely has my approval for your relationship."
"I didn't realize how much Gray has truly grown up, not just as an Ice Mage, but as a man
too," Ur giggled. "Congrats Gray, this girlfriend of yours truly is one of a kind. I give my
approval, too."
"Kya~, Gray-sama, did you hear that?!" Juvia squeals while grabbing and tightly squeezing
Gray with hearts in her eyes. "Silver-sama and Ur-sama gave us their blessing as a couple!"
"G-Get off, Juvia!" Gray stutters while trying to pry Juvia off to no avail, before staring back
at his father and mentor. "And we're not a couple!"
"Well, you might as well be a couple, son. Anyone can tell what you have is special, and it
would be a waste to squander it. And you never know what can happen or how much time
you have left." Silver said to Gray, still smirking.
"Indeed. What's the hold up, Gray? You two would obviously make a great couple, that isn't
something you should waste. Don't let your doubts or hesitation make you regret taking her
for granted." Ur lectured Gray, whose face turned bright red like a tomato.
"No kidding, Gray! Just ask her out already! Everyone thinks you're the legendary
power couple of Ice and Water, Gruvia! With how much history you guys have, it's
ridiculous that you aren't a couple yet!" The third Asmodeus clone yells while fighting
Zancrow. "Unless you want Lyon to have your girlfriend instead… or the boss"
"THE HELL THEY WILL! JUVIA IS MY GIRLFRIEND AND THEY CAN'T LAY A
FINGER ON HER!" Gray screams in fury, before widening his eyes at what he just said,
causing Juvia to squeeze him even tighter.
"Girlfriend?! You really do love Juvia, Gray-sama!" Juvia exclaims with much joy, feeling
like she was in heaven.
Ur's smile was all teeth. "So, loverboy, when's the wedding?"
Gray feels like he's about to cry. "Can this get any worse…?"
*BOOM!*
A large vertical explosion of dark magic surges in the background.
"You asked, and the universe answered." Silver mused.
At the same time, Laxus, Mavis, and Makarov look at black explosion from where they are
standing.
"That spell, it's Zeref's." Mavis says, recognizing the Black Wizard's peculiar magical
signature.
"Shit… and Natsu had to fight him?" An anxious Laxus said.

"Despite how it seems, Zeref is holding back. Otherwise, we would all be dead already."
Mavis said before noticing the energy pillar reversing. "What…?"
At the same time, Zeref can only watch in awe as his spell is absorbed into the clone's body.
"Impossible… you're impossible." Zeref comments as the last bits of his spell are absorbed.
"Not impossible…" The fourth burps, releasing a cloud of black smoke. "Just a bit
unlikely." He begins to cough. "Oh yeah, your magic is not agreeing with me. Not one
bit."
"... that spell was created through my curse. It's NOT supposed to 'agree with you'." Zeref
states.
The fourth coughs up some more. "Well, I guess there's no way around it. Might as well
put it to good use while I can." Black energy begins to swirl around him like a spiral as he
begins to change.
Zeref's eyes widened as he recognized the magical signature. "It… can't be."
"HAAAAAAAAAAAA!" The fourth explodes, covering the entire temple in pitch black
darkness as the ground shakes violently.
The third clone looks on, his opponent unconscious as he observes the changing landscape
with interest.
"You son of a bitch…" The third says as a smile creeps on his face.
The darkness retracts back to its source, forming a sphere that quickly explodes.
The ancient wizard uses his arms to shield the gust of wind before his eyes widen as he gets a
proper look at what just happened.
Standing before him is no longer an angel, but a cross between a human and a dragon. His
skin is completely pitch black except for his face. His arms, legs, torso and the sides of face
are covered in hardened scales that seem to absorb the light around it bearing light blue tribal
markings. The pupils in his eyes turned into slits, making the glare he was making much
more ferocious. His nails, just like everything else, are black and razor sharp like swords with
a pair of large dragon wings sprouting from his back.
Overall, he has become more terrifying than before.
"What do you think? The boss fought Wolfen when he took Acnologia's form a while
back, and absorbed some of that power." The fourth stretches his body. "I didn't think
much of it at first, but when I saw my twin use his [Dragon Force] I thought 'why
couldn't I do the same?' And I couldn't have done it without you, Zeref." He extends his
wings. "I've made Acnologia's power entirely my own. I think I'll call this [Void Dragon
Slayer] since Acnologia was a dragon who could consume pretty much everything."
Everyone who heard it couldn't believe it. It was unreal!

"C-Can he do that!? There's no way he could, right Gramps!?" Laxus looks at his grandfather,
who was sweating bullets. "Gramps?"
"A [Dragon Slayer] with Acnologia's power… kids these days are scary." Mavis said.
"Well, I'll be damned." Silver muses from his ice prison.
Gears, from above the crater, looks at the situation with anger and clear fear.
"No! That's impossible!" Gears bite its lip. "They're ruining EVERYTHING!"
Zeref was at a loss for words. "To think you would make Acnologia's power your own… I
never dreamed that was even possible." He says in awe. "Had I been alive, I would have
hunted you to the ends of the earth and forced you to join the empire."
"I'm flattered by your honesty, and I would have demanded a fight to see if you were
worthy of my allegiance. But enough with the what ifs and shit. I'm tired, you're tired,
so let's just call it a day, okay?" He flaps his wings and flies upwards. His "feathers" extend
as a magic circle appears behind him. "Time to put you all to rest."
Everyone watches in anticipation as to what he'll do next.
"[Dragon Slayer Secret Art: Morning Star: Eternal Flare]!" Thousands of starry lights
shoot out from the magic circle and rain down on the entire room.
"Ah!" Juvia screams as she is sent flying by the shockwave before getting caught by Gray.
"I got you!" Gray turns to the clone in the sky. "HEY! How about giving us a little warning
next time!?"
The bombardment continues on without stopping. It becomes too much and the temple roof
starts to fall apart on top of them.
"Oh shit!" The third screams out as he goes looking for cover.
The scene switches to the outside where the temple roof falls inwards before the rest of the
structure follows, creating a large cloud of dust.
The fourth descends and looks at the destruction. "Oops."
"Oops!?" The third bursts out of a blanket of rock and debris. "You nearly got us all
killed!"
The Fairy Tail mages slowly crawl out of ruins.
"Well, it's my first time using this magic. And besides, Acnologia's magic doesn't
discriminate between friend or foe, it's only purpose is to destroy." The fourth
reasoned. "But look on the bright side, the summons are all gone now."

"That may be, but please be more careful next time." Makarov asked. "Last thing we need is
for someone to die in the crossfire."
"You fools!" An enraged voice cried out gaining their attention, turning to see Gears who had
some injuries from the attack but was otherwise alive. "You almost destroyed the Pitfall
Room and deprived Aldoron-sama of his nutrients! For this, you shall pay!"
"You can try, Gears, but we beat your summons, and you won't last much longer,\." the third
Asmodeus clone said, only for the God Tree to laugh in response.
"You are a fool if you think I would fall so easily, although I will admit that I underestimated
you humans, but no longer," Gears spoke, before moving to reveal a glowing figure behind
him. "I have decided to take more drastic measures to ensure your defeat. Using the [Chaos
Energy] given to me by Aldoron-sama and [Historia of the Dead], I have taken the souls of
my summons and assimilated them to the only surviving Historia, making it more powerful
and dangerous than you could possibly imagine!"
The light of the glowing figure died down, revealed to be Ur, though she seemed somewhat
taller and was easily twice as voluptuous and well-endowed as before with a J-cup breast size
and an incredible hourglass figure. But what REALLY caught their attention was the power
felt from her and the emotionless dead-like expression on her face.
Name: Ur
Title: Ice Mistress, Fairy Heart
Level: 111
Affiliation: n/a
HP: 259,322
MP: 206,909
SP: 145,666
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
"What did you do to my mentor, you bastard?!" Gray yelled in an outraged tone.
"Weren't you listening, stupid human?" Gears mockingly asked. "With the power of [Chaos
Energy], my magic, and the souls of the other summons, I have empowered this soul, my
only remaining Historia, to a level far beyond what you could possibly imagine! I even
assimilated the soul of Acnologia into her to grant her his power, abilities, and knowledge,
alongside those of Zeref Dragneel, Mavis Vermillion, Silver Fullbuster, and Zancrow! And
with some improved mental control, Ur is now the perfect Historia, and she will be your
doom!"

As soon as he finished saying that, Ur disappeared in a blur, only to reappear before the third
Asmodeus clone to punch him with a fist coated in black energy, launching him away.
Immediately afterwards, she blasted the fourth clone with a [Death Orb] that he managed to
defend but was blown away by, followed by using a giant hammer made from [Ice Devil
Slayer] magic against Makarov and Laxus, and a blast of [Fire God Slayer] magic towards
Gray and Juvia, all of whom took a direct hit and flew over a dozen feet away from Ur in
different directions.
"Dammit! She's a lot stronger and faster than before!" Laxus yelled. "How do we take her
down?!"
"That's gonna be easier said than done, unfortunately." The third Asmodeus clone stated
as he and his twin regrouped with the Dreyar's, with Gray and Juvia following.
"We can try to keep her preoccupied, while you guys go and distract Gears." The fourth
Asmodeus clone spoke in a serious tone. "It's the only way to free your guildmates."
With bated breath, the fairies soon run after the God Tree.
"You better save her…" Gray says before he follows the rest.
"... I'll try." The fourth whispers as the two stare at the empowered Ur.
Ur moves in and goes to punch the fourth, but manages to dodge the hit, letting the attack hit
the large stone behind him. The moment the punch touched the stone, however, it turned to
ash.
"... fuck." The third cursed.
She turns around and creates two [Death Orbs] and throws them at them, but the clones
jump away letting the orbs eat away at everything that comes into contact with it.
"Time to use that new [Dragon Slayer] magic of yours!" The third yelled.
Ur uses her [Fire God Slayer] magic to unleash a massive ball of black flames in a punch
like motion. The fourth catches the flames only to instantly expand and explode on contact.
'I got you!' The third, descends from the sky with his sword raised above his head, reading to
strike down the fusion.
He swings down, but instead of blood splattering everywhere, Ur's body simply disappears.
"An illusion!?" He doesn't have time to process this as the real Ur grabs his grabs and
proceeds to rip out one of his wings. "Shit!" He opens his mouth and lets out a fire breath at
point-blank, causing her to lose her grip and for the third to free himself and make some
distance.
"Dammit, we clearly underestimated her," the fourth Asmodeus said while gritting his
teeth. "She has their full combined power as well as their knowledge of them, not to
mention she seems unnaturally adept at wielding them simultaneously."

"No shit, Sherlock." the third Asmodeus groans while trying to catch his breath. "How the
hell are we supposed to stop that!?"
An explosion on the side caught their attention, and they saw the Fairy Tail wizards blown
away from Gears, thankfully fully intact but clearly exhausted.
"Dammit, this is getting worse by the second." The fourth Asmodeus clone cursed as the
situation became more grim. "What I wouldn't give for some sort of miracle right now."
"Lucky for you, Fairy Tail is a guild known for miracles." a voice spoke out, getting their
attention before Ur is suddenly struck by a powerful beam of black magic.
The clones turned to see the arrival of Erza, Mirajane, and Seilah.
"Asmodeus-sama, are you okay?" Seilah asked in concern for the clones of her master.
"We're better now that you guys are here." The third Asmodeus clone says in a relieved
tone, before turning to Mira and Erza. "Great timing too, because your guildmates need
help in beating that overgrown weed and freeing the others."
"Leave it to us, Asmodeus-kun." Mirajane replied while winking at the clones. "These
bastards need to learn to never mess with Fairy Tail or underestimate our strength!"
'Why did she wink at us?' The clones thought.
"Indeed," Erza said in a firm tone. "After everything they have done, Aldoron and his God
Seeds must pay!"
"Hey, wait up you guys!" Another voice called out, with the clones turning to see Wendy and
Cana as well. "You just left us behind, we intend to help too!"
"Sorry Wendy, but we had a feeling that something dire was happening, and it appears we
were right." Erza stated to the two newcomers.
"It appears that once again, our guildmates are in trouble while also trying to save others
being used to empower them." Mirajane stated in a worried tone, her mind racing to the tragic
fate that befell her siblings and many of her other guildmates before Asmodeus' clone
thankfully intervened.
"No way in hell are we gonna lose our guildmates again to these bastards!" Cana said in a
venomous tone, the brief loss of her father and other guildmates being painfully fresh in her
mind, before turning to the clones. "Asmodeus-kun, we can never truly repay you for
reviving our guildmates, but know you can always depend on us!"
This caused the Asmodeus clones to blink in surprise before turning to Seilah in hopes of an
explanation.
"One of your other clones had revived multiple members of Fairy Tail who tragically lost
their lives to the God Seed Doom, among them being Mirajane's siblings and Cana's father."
Seilah clarifies to the confused clones.

"Wow, sounds like you five had it bad." The third Asmodeus comments.
"Indeed, but this time we refuse to lose any more of our guild again!" Mirajane said,
determined to avert another tragic loss.
"Understood." the fourth Asmodeus clone nods, before turning to Wendy. "Wendy, you
should go with them. The others will need your enchantments and healing magic if they
want to stand a chance against Gears."
"Leave it to me!" Wendy said in a confident tone.
"I will stay and assist you both." Seilah proclaims.
"No. Fairy Tail needs you. That bastard is empowered by the [Spriggan 12] and [Chaos
Energy], they'll need all the help they can get." The fourth clone states. "Not to mention
the fact that as long as Gears is alive, they will never be able to free their friends."
"Very well, but one of you should come. Absorbing such potent energy by oneself is
dangerous, I learned that the hard way." Seilah grimly states, remembering the fate of one of
her master's clones.
The third clone steps forward. "I'll go. I'm not exactly as used to this guy as I am now."
The fourth arches an eyebrow. "Are you seriously going to leave me here with the
overpowered zombie?"
The third shrugs. "Why not? We're a MILF magnet apparently. And Seilah is old enough
to pass as our ancestor, so she counts too."
"Whatever, just go." The exasperated fourth said.
The third smiles in victory before taking Etherious' hand and running towards the forest.
"Now then," The fourth turns to the standing form of Ur. "Where were we?"
Ur lets out a beast-like roar, stomps on the ground causing everything around to rise from the
shockwave before leaping at impossible speeds.
The fourth clone inhales. "[Void Dragon Roar]!" He releases a black typhoon that
seemingly consumes everything that it touches in an instant.
"!" Ur senses the danger and dodges the force of primordial nature and continues her charge
without stopping.
"[Void Dragon Abyss Blade]!" He extends his arms and they transform into a pair of black
longswords and charges at Ur. He raises one of his swords and slash at Ur horizontally,
however, Ur manages to stop herself just before the sword can make contact with her skin
and make some distance.
However, as soon as she lands, she sees a large gash running across her stomach.

"My blades slash not the flesh, but space itself. It doesn't matter the distance, my
swords will reach you." The fourth states as his hands return to normal.
Ur begins to conjure more magic.
"Don't even think about it! [Void Dragon's Aura]!" A black wave pulses from the clone and
hits Ur, causing her to freeze with fear.
"Now, time to end this." He cups his hand to the side of his torso as magical power gathers
in between his palms creating an orb of bluish-black energy.
"Goodbye, Ur. [Void Dragon's Purgatory Blast]!" He thrusts his arms forward, shooting a
black beam with a blue outline at the paralyzed Ur, who's outline fades as she's engulfed by
the attack.
The continues to decimate the forest until it collides with a mountain, vaporizing it in an
instant.
The fourth clone of the [Demon Lord] lets out a sight, not of relief but of disappointment.
"I'm sorry…" He whispers to no one.
*BOOM!*
A powerful gust of wind catches the clone by surprise. He sees the large dust cloud
dissipating, revealing Ur but something's wrong. Her hair and outfit become completely
white except for her eyes which keep the color, but now have a golden ring around the pupils.
She also gains a pair of white energy wings that seem reminiscent of a butterfly… or a fairy.
Name: Ur
Title: Ice Mistress, Fairy Heart
Level: 111
Affiliation: n/a
HP: ∞
MP: ∞
SP: ∞
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
"Oooh crap…" Fourth says in fear as he recognizes Ur's new appearance but suddenly
doubles back as a fist-sized dent appears in his stomach. "Argh!"

Ur stands there with her arm raised before doing it again, causing an even bigger dent to
appear and the clone falls.
The fourth coughs black blood, his regeneration going into overdrive as he tries to get up.
"Too strong… no wonder Zeref wanted this magic so bad…"
Ur begins to walk forward.
The fourth slowly gets his footing. "I can't let her get closer…!" He
activates [Chromas] and summons nine large hands along with two [Gaster Blasters] and
they all fly towards the Historia.
Ur walks slowly as the constructs make their way towards her. The red and
purple [Chromas] fire powerful beams that are soon followed by the blasters firing as well.
Ur jumps up high, avoiding the devastating attack. She raises her hand and summons large
purple glaciers and throws them at the constructs.
The constructs fire beams but they weren't powerful enough and were crushed by the glacier,
however, this served to give the fourth Asmodeus clone enough time to jump away from the
approaching Ur.
"Damn it, at this rate, she's gonna outlast and overpower me." the fourth clone
curses. "She can't be killed on account of already being dead and [Fairy Heart] giving
her limitless magical power thanks to the [Ankhseram Black Magic] serving as its base.
Not to mention the extra power she got from Acnologia helping her tank pretty much
everything I can throw at her. How do I stop her?"
The clone ponders it as Ur summons a large ball of fire and throws it at the clone, who
summons a large hand to fire at the fireball causing it to destabilize and explode.
"Wait, I got it! She's only fighting me because Gears is forcing her to!" The fourth
Asmodeus clone realizes. "If I can sever its link to her, she'll return to normal." He looks
at the juggernaut with a determined look. "I only have one shot at this, I just hope I can
pull it off without getting killed first."
As Ur rapidly approaches him, the fourth clone suddenly shifts direction to the side while
once again using [Chromas] to create constructs to attack her.
She destroys them like the previous ones with ease, but before she could continue, tendrils
made of [Dark Matter] shoot out from the constructs and quickly wrap tightly around her
limbs, preventing her from moving.
As she starts to struggle, she doesn't notice the fourth clone rapidly approaching her and
chops her in the back of her neck, knocking her unconscious.
"Okay, I don't have a lot of time before she wakes up, so I gotta make this quick." The
fourth Asmodeus clone says before grabbing her and magically connecting to her soul, and

proceeds to use [Dark Matter] to reconstruct her body as he did with Seilah, covering her
body head to toe as her magical and biological structure is completely overwritten.
As he digs deeper, he senses the magic formula that keeps her soul bound to Gears via his
twisted magic.
"Time to cut you out." He quickly sends a mental command that erodes and breaks her
connection to the [Historia of the Dead].
Upon completion, the residual Dark Matter disappeared, revealing a newly restored and
actually alive Ur.
"Yes… it worked." The fourth smiles as his body returns to normal and collapses. "Damn…
that was too close for comfort…!"
Ur moans as she slowly regains consciousness.
"What… happened?" Ur groans before her eyes shoot wide open and gets up. "Gray!"
The fourth grabs the hysterical woman and tries to calm her down. "Easy, easy, you're
okay…"
"I… remember everything. That wooden freak used me like a toy and made me attack my
student!" Ur growls clearly angry.
"Well if it makes you feel better I sever its connection to you." The fourth said.
Ur turns to the clone in surprise. "How did you-"
"I brought you back to life."
Ur's eyes are as wide as dinner. "Y-You… what!?"
"I brought you back to life." He repeats.
Ur looks at her hands before slowly hugging herself. "I'm warm… it's been so long…" Stray
tears roll off her face. "Do you know what the spell [Iced Shell] does to the caster?"
"[Iced Shell]? If I remember correctly, it's a technique that uses the spirit and the physical
body of the user to freeze the target into a block of ice that can't melt as the caster's own body
becomes the ice, but it doesn't kill them." The clone states.
Ur nods. "There's also something else. What they don't tell you is that when the caster freezes
the target, their minds become irreversibly linked. Allowing them to see each other's
memories." She shivers. "What I saw in Deliora's head was nothing short of pure horror…
Death, death, and even more death. That creature wasn't even a living thing, just a weapon
with the sole purpose of extinguishing all life. I could feel every footstep, every attack, every
life it snuffed out. There was even a time where I thought I WAS Deliora and it felt… good.
So good." She admits. "I was only hanging by a few threads, my mind constantly shifting

between the demon and my humanity. If it wasn't for my memories of my daughter and my
students I would have disappeared a long time ago."
The clone was at loss for words. Deliora was an Etherious who, like all its brethren, held
absolutely no remorse whatsoever for human life. But unlike the other Etherious, Deliora
seemed mindless, driven by its instinct to destroy everything in his path. It was, as its title
suggests, a demon of destruction.
But to be stuck with that thing for over a decade, seeing and experiencing what it had done
on a loop can drive anyone mad.
Ur truly is a strong woman.
"Well? You just heard what [Iced Shell] does to a person. Are you sure you want to keep me
alive? For all you know, I could really be Deliora." Ur comments with a smile.
Instead of replying, the clone simply karate-chops her.
"Ow! Why'd you do that!?" Ur cried.
"Are you stupid or something? Did you really just ask me to kill you after I finally managed
to bring you back!? Do you want to be the weed's sex toy again!?" The fourth demands.
"S-Sex toy!?" Ur yells in an outrage.
"Yeah! I mean why else would he make your boobs and hips bigger!?" The fourth points out.
Ur looks down at her now large chest. "Huh? I didn't even notice they were bigger until now."
She begins to fondle them and moans a little. "Oh, and sensitive, too." She then notices her
white hair and strokes it. "No way! What did he do to my beautiful hair!?" Before she can see
more, she jolts from a sharp pain in her head. "Ow!"
"What's wrong?" The fourth asks.
"I… I…" Ur grabs onto her head tightly as an avalanche of foreign memories begins to
overwhelm her. "It hurts…"
"I got you." The clone hugs her as white light begins to envelope her. "It's okay. You'll be
alright."
The pain quickly subsides as Ur feels a lot calmer, but also more… energized.
"What… Did you do to me?" Ur asks.
"I unlocked your [Aura]. Long story short, it's a shield powered by your soul that also boosts
all your other abilities as well as gives you a healing factor. I thought it would help manage
whatever was happening to you." The fourth explains.
"I… I just saw so much. I saw dragons, the creation of [Dragon Slayer] magic, the birth of
modern-day magic and the rise of Magic Guilds." Ur lists off as her expression turns

crestfallen. "I saw my daughter… my beautiful little girl… so alone… so empty and
surrounded by evil people. She did so many horrible things…" Tears once again fall from her
beautiful face. "Ultear… I'm so sorry…"
"Listen Ur," the clone says, getting the woman's attention. "I imagine you're going through a
lot, especially with what I'm guessing is all the memories of the people Gears assimilated into
you as a Historia. And I imagine you're seeing a lot of things about your daughter, but aside
from possibly Mavis, the memories you have gained of Ultear likely only show the dark
period of her life. Yes, Ultear did horrible things in her life from what I heard, but when she
realized the truth of how you did truly love her and that you didn't abandon her, she changed
and spent several years atoning for her mistakes and striving to be a good person. She
became a close friend to the mages of Fairy Tail, including Gray, and even helped save all of
Fiore. She disappeared after that, but I promise that if you want, I will do everything I can to
reunite with Ultear, even if we have the entire planet to find her."
"R-Really? You would do that for me?" Ur said in a hopeful tone, shocked that someone she
just met would go that for her.
"Of course, and no matter what happens or what you may face, I promise you will always
have my support." the clone says with a charming smile that causes the ice wizard to blush
before punching his shoulder.
"Dammit, look at what you did. Saying something like that to an old woman like me." Ur
said.
+100 Affection with Ur (100/100)
"Oh c'mon, you're not that old. If anything, I think Gray's older than you." He said.
"Now, you're just saying that to make me feel better."
"Is it working?"
Ur smiles. "Yeah, I think it is.
*BOOM!*
The two turn to see the massive mushroom cloud beyond the forest.
"Looks like they could use some help." The fourth says as he stands up. He extends his to the
ice mage. "Here."
"Ara, what a gentleman." Ur takes his hand and he pulls her up. "You deserve a reward." She
leans closer to the clone's face.
*Chu~*
Ur gives the clone a kiss of the lips, surprising him before she pulls back.

"Keep this up, kid, and you may get more than just a kiss~" Ur purred before her expression
turned serious. "Now, let's go save my idiot student and his friends!"
The fourth nods. "Yeah."
With that, the two head towards the forest.
Meanwhile
*BOOM!*
Gears is sent flying by the explosion and crashes on several trees.
"Grrr." The God Tree growls as he looks up and sees the human wizards standing defiantly
between it and the plant pods. They have been fighting for a while now, each trading blows
that would be considered fatal and yet they do not back down, not once!
It also doesn't help that they're all using a power that isn't magical in nature. Gears couldn't
make heads or tails of it other than the fact each human has a power unique to them alone.
"You… tenacious cockroaches…!" Gears says as he struggles to stand.
Gray crosses his arms, his cyan avatar of his father doing the same. "You should have learned
by now. Don't fuck with Fairy Tail."
"Or you'll feel the wrath of our love!" Juvia adds as her Semblance boots Gray tenfold.
"This is your punishment for messing with our guild, our family!" Erza declares, her [Scarlet
Legion] raise their weapons ready to attack.
"When fighting Fairy Tail, bad guys like you are always ten steps behind." Mira said.
"And if you try to take a step forward, you'll be in for quite a shock." Laxus cracks his
knuckles.
"Because we'll be there to stop you. That is a fact." Makarov finished.
"Indeed." Seilah nodded in agreement, Curse energy rolling off her body. "I know from
personal experience that those who stand against Fairy Tail and threaten its members
ALWAYS inevitably regret it."
"So give us back our guildmates, now!" Wendy yelled, her own body covered in Aura.
Before Gears could even think to respond, a strike from behind sent him flying towards the
Fairy Tail mages, courtesy of the third Asmodeus clone.
"Damn straight! Messing with Fairy Tail is the equivalent of a death wish, you
overgrown weed!" The clone says.

Gears was becoming more and more enraged at the opponents he was facing. In his eyes, no
human should stand against him or Aldoron. His resolve growing, he decides to take stronger
measures.
"Let's see how well you all work together when you are consumed by the desire of hunger!"
Gears yell, unleashing [Famished Soul] upon his opponents.
Almost immediately, all of them felt an immediate surge of hunger, but thanks to
their [Aura] and their strong desire to save their guildmates, they're able to resist it.
"Is that all you got, weed?" The third Asmodeus clone mockingly asks.
Gears begins to swing his arms in a circular motion, calling forth several wind cyclones from
every direction. "[Gale Dragon's Tempest of Snow, Moon, and Flowers]!" He launches all
of the cyclones straight at the group.
The cyclones meet their target and ensnare the fairies and Gears laughs as they are all ripped
apart by the wind.
Only to find his body suddenly shredded to pieces!
"W-What…!?" A confused Gears exclaims.
"Hm? So this is what a Semblance is like. Not bad at all." The God Tree looks to see
Cana's [Aura] shining orange. "I guess today isn't your lucky day, is it weed?"
The God Tree soon regenerates but doesn't have time to move as the flying fist enters its field
of vision and destroys his head completely.
"That was for Lisanna and Elfman, you freak." Mira said, her body glowing in a variety of
colors like an aurora.
Gears' head quickly reforms but not before his body doubles back and is electrocuted by
massive amounts of lighting.
"I'm gonna make sure you pay for what you've done a MILLIONFOLD!" Laxus declares
before kicking the body away, crashing onto the side of a large rock.
Gears tries to dig itself out, only to be pinned further into the rock by the two heavy hitters.
"Fools…!" However, before it does anything, thorns burst from every surface and wrap
around him with a vice grip, leaving the golem completely immobile. "!?"
The perspective changes to Seilah, whose eyes are now glowing blue.
"My master has helped me in gaining great power, including the power of my fellow
Etherious and those who are masters of Ice. But the greatest power Asmodeus-sama has
helped me unlock was the power of my own soul, and with it, I have gained many abilities,
including an awareness that extends beyond my senses and even see what has yet to happen.

With it, I shall endeavor to support my master against all his challenges and enemies yet to
come. And you will be no exception!" She exclaims.
Gears' seething in anger under the thorns. It's all because of that one human. It isn't Fairy Tail
that's getting in the way, it's him! If he didn't exist, Aldoron-sama's ascension would be
unimpeded and Fairy Tail would be nothing but fertilizer!
It's all because of HIM!
"HAAAAAAAAA!" Gears howls as its magical power explodes, destroying the thorns
imprisoning him and blowing away Laxus and Mirajane.
Gears' body has scales that are growing out of its bark-like skin, the colors of them constantly
changing like a kaleidoscope. Its hands and legs are sharp talons, the leaf-like cape it had is
replaced with two wings made out of crystal, refracting the light of the sun like a prism.
He shows his teeth, revealing them all to be shark-like and openly snarls at the group.
"I AM GOING TO KILL EVERY SINGLE LAST ONE OF YOU!" He begins to gather
enormous amounts of magical energy and eight massive dragons of varying colors rise high
into the sky.
"... he's getting desperate. That much power could not only destroy us, but also
himself." The third slaps his hands together. "It may be incomplete, but it should do the
trick." He slowly brings his hands apart revealing a small black orb in the middle before
pouring his [Aura] into it causing the sphere to quickly become unstable.
"Grr!" The third struggles to keep himself as his body is crushed by a field of gravity.
"Master!" Seilah, along with the others, look at the clone with open concern.
"I'm fine! I'm just about ready!" He assures them.
"DIE! [EIGHT DRAGON'S RAMPAGING FANGS]!" Gears unleashes his eight dragons
at everyone.
"[Graviton Crusher]!" He fires a beam of darkness that seems to be bending everything
around it.
The dragon heads maneuver out of the beam's path but it simply expands in the middle,
creating a black hole that swallows them completely in an instant!
"WHAT!?" Gears exclaims in anger as he tries again but finds that he can't. "What is this!?"
He looks down and sees black lines entering its shadow.
"You're not going anywhere! Let's go, Seilah!" The third exclaims and the two rush
towards it.
"I won't… be stopped by such… a feeble trick…!" Gears tries to move only but the clone
gets close enough to restrain him. "!"

"Seilah! Use your [Curse] on him!" The clone orders and Seilah grabs its face and activates
her [Absorption Curse] while the third uses his own absorption ability.
"Ngh… this won't stop-" But the golem doesn't finish as more and more energy is drained
from his body.
"Man, this thing is stubborn! It's latching onto the [Chaos Energy] like a leech!" The
third yells.
The trio's bodies begin to glow purple, with Gears' glow growing fainter as its energy is being
drained.
"N… o…" Gears whisper silently as it loses more and more strength.
Eventually, the action ends and the two let go of Gears and let it fall to the ground, drained
and defeated.
The two look at each other as their bodies glow amethyst purple.
"Wow! I feel great!" The third exclaims with a smile. "Do you feel the same!?"
"Yes, it's quite interesting." Seilah looks at her glowing hands. "When I tried absorbing
Doom's energy, it nearly killed me. But now, it seems to be rejuvenating me. It seems my
body has acclimated to this power."
Their bodies stop glowing and the third dismisses his transformation.
"Here. I think you'll like this." The third grabs Seilah's shoulder, activating [Beseecher] and
gives her God Serena, Neinhart, and Larcade Dragneel's power.
"I've bestowed upon you the combined magic of three members of the [Spriggan 12]." The
third Asmodeus clone states. "The first one is from Larcade Dragneel, an extremely and
possibly the first Etherious Zeref created, but was considered a failure due to being physically
weak. Add that with the combined [Curses] of the [Demons of Tartaros] and [Ice Devil
Slayer] magic already in you, and you're pretty much destruction incarnate." He explains.
"The other two I gave you are from the most eccentric and the most dangerous. One is a
former Wizard Saint who had 8 Dragon Lacrima implanted into him, giving him 8
different [Dragon Slayer Magics] and the other could retrieve the souls of the dead using
memories to fight in his stead." He then gives Seilah a serious look. "I hope you realize just
how much power I'm entrusting you with."
"I do." Seilah bows before him. "I will not disappoint you, Asmodeus-sama. I will use this
power to serve your wishes and goals to the best of my abilities."
"Oi, Oi! Are you sure you want to give her all of that magic!?" Gray exclaims, concerned that
a former enemy of theirs is given that much power.
"I trust Seilah with this power. In the end, it's my decision." The third firmly replies before
turning his attention back to the demon girl. "I don't know if my other clones already told you
this, but [Chaos Energy] is literally thought in energy form; it is capable of virtually

anything no matter how impossible, including this." The clone places two of his fingers on
her forehead and his other hand on her shoulder, followed by a pulse of [Chaos Energy].
Seilah's eyes widened as she felt something changed within her, making her feel lighter
before it stopped.
"What are you doing, Asmodeus-sama?" Seilah asked in curiosity as the clone put his hands
away.
"I just used a little of the [Chaos Energy] you absorbed to enhance your body, mind, and
soul to be immune to the effects of motion sickness that plagues most [Dragon
Slayers]." The third clone says with a smirk. "Now you don't need to worry about that
inconvenient and crippling weakness."
"You're joking!?" The voice of Laxus gets their attention. "You mean you can fix a Dragon
Slayer's motion sickness issue!? Seriously!?"
"Sure can!" The third Asmodeus clone exclaims with a smirk. "Let me guess, you want me to
do the same to you and Wendy, and possibly Natsu and Gajeel too? Maybe later."
"Really?! Thank you, Asmodeus-san!" Wendy happily cheers.
"You really are a man who can do the impossible, Asmodeus-kun!" Mirajane said in
amazement.
"No kidding, it only makes me want you all the more now." Cana purrs in a husky tone as she
approaches the third clone with an intentional sway of her hips and wraps her arms around
his neck. "And I highly doubt I'm the only one, right Mira-chan?"
"After seeing more of him in action, I wouldn't mind having Asmodeus-kun as a boyfriend."
Mira giggled before winking at the clone.
"Oh boy…" The third clone's cheek glows red at the implications.
"Seriously!? You two already like him that way!? You've only just met!" Laxus argues.
Cana turns to Laxus with a bored look. "And he's literally LEAGUES above any man I've had
the pleasure of meeting."
"It's true. No offense, Laxus, but there's no way you can compete against him." Mira adds.
"Indeed. Asmodeus would make a wonderful addition to Fairy Tail." Erza nods, completely
missing the point.
Laxus clicks his tongue and looks away.
"Um… guys?" The group turned to Wendy's quivering voice who pointed to the still-intact
plant pods. "The pods are still here."

Everyone's eyes widened at what that implies before a powerful gust of wind blows from
behind them.
"YOU WRETCHED HUMANS! HOW DARE YOU DO THIS TO ME, A GOD SEED OF
THE GREAT ALDORON-SAMA!" Gears screamed in rage and madness. "FOR THIS
CRIME, I WILL MAKE SURE NEITHER YOU OR YOUR IMPRISONED FRIENDS
ESCAPE ALIVE, EVEN IF I MUST DIE TO SUCCEED!"
"YOU'VE GOT TO BE SHITTIN' ME! THAT BASTARD'S STILL ALIVE!?" Cana yells
out as she shields her face from the powerful wind.
"How the hell does it still have this much power!? I thought you two drained it dry!" Laxus
adds.
"We DID! I don't know how this is possible!" The third defended.
"NOW, WATCH THE INSTRUMENT OF YOUR END!" As it says this, Gears' body begins
to inflate like a balloon, until he towers over the trees.
"That bastard played us! He had more [Chaos Energy] than we thought and now he's letting
it run rampant!" The third yelled.
"What do we do!?" Wendy asks.
"THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO! NOW DIE KNOWING YOUR FAILURES!" Gears
cackles maddeningly as his body begins to erupt.
"NO! NOT THIS TIME!" Cana yells. "I REFUSE TO LOSE ANYONE ELSE TO YOU
DAMN WEEDS AGAIN!" As she says this, she charges at Gears with absolute ferocity.
"CANA!" Everyone yells as she runs towards certain death.
However, as they try to run after her, a bright light suddenly blinds everyone as they feel a
massive surge of power from the exploding God Seed.
After some time passes, the light dies down and everyone is surprised to be alive and
unscathed, but that surprise turns to pure shock as they look at Cana.
Cana looked like she had aged a few years with a few inches in additional height and her
hourglass curves became even more pronounced as her already impressive breasts grew to JCups similar to Ur's and her hips grew to match, hair and clothes had turned pure white, and a
pair of fairy-like wings made of pure energy came from her back, almost like she was both an
Angel and a Fairy.
"W-What!? Where's Gears!?" Cana asked before she noticed the changes to her appearance.
"And what the hell happened to my clothes and my hair?! Or my body for that matter?!"
*BOOM!*
Cana looks up to see a large shockwave rippling in the sky. "What the hell was that?"

"I don't believe it…" the third clone says in disbelief. "She has [Fairy Heart]! How is that
possible!?"
"Did you say [Fairy Heart]?!" Makarov stated in shock, before turning to look at the clone.
"Wait, how do you even know about that?! No one outside of Fairy Tail should know about
it!"
"When you've traveled as much as I have and met as many crazy individuals along the way,
you hear all sorts of things." The third clone cryptically replies to deflect suspicion and
questions. "And there were those outside of Fairy Tail who knew about it. If no one outside
of Fairy Tail was aware of its existence, the Alvarez War never would have happened in the
first place."
Makarov tries to argue, but realizes that he can't.
Before anyone can say anything, a rustle in the bushes catches everyone's attention. They turn
to see the fourth clone of Asmodeus walking in along with a white-haired Ur.
"Hey. You guys look awful." The fourth clone remarks.
Gray notices Ur and slowly makes her way to her. "Sensei…?"
Ur smiles. "It's me, Gray. It's really me."
Tears begin to fall from Gray's face. She's alive. The woman who was a mother to him in all
but blood was standing right before him, alive and free.
"Thank you…" Gray says in between sobs.
+50 Reputation with Gray Fullbuster (100/100)
+38 Reputation with Juiva Lockser (86/100)
"Waitaminute." The third gets a good look at Ur before turning to his twin. "Does Ur also
have [Fairy Heart]?"
The fourth gives a questioning look. "What do you mean 'also'?"
The third simply points to Cana and the fourth's eyes almost shoot out of their sockets. "SHE
HAS [FAIRY HEART] TOO!?"
"Yup." The third said popping the p.
"Oooohhh." Makarov faints.
"Master/Gramps!" The fairies quickly gather to their master's aid.
The third manages his temples. "Seriously? How did this happen?"

"When Mavis gave [Fairy Glitter] to Cana back in Tenrou Island, she also made her the
successor of the [Three Great Fairy Magics]. When Zeref finally passed on, the magic went
straight to Cana." Ur explains.
The third arches an eyebrow. "How do you know that?"
"I have Mavis' memories, along with several others. All part of Gears' attempt at making the
ultimate weapon against you all." Ur said.
"Yeah, and we all know how that ended up." The fourth chuckles.
"Are you fruitcakes gonna just stand there or are you gonna help bust our friends out!?"
Laxus' demanding tone snaps us out of our musing.
Before long, everyone starts working towards freeing everyone from their plant pods, now
dying due to Gears' death. The captives immediately wake up upon being removed from their
pods, behaving like they were resuscitated from nearly drowning.
They explain that they were all dreaming of their ideal life, that it felt real and they were
happy. The clones speculate that Aldoron feeds not just on magic, but also emotions with
stronger emotions-either good or bad-being more appetizing.
Erza and Jellal were by far the most awkward. While Erza was extremely happy to see him
alive and well, Jellal just looks guilty. She asks what's wrong but the man simply gives her
the cold shoulder, which confuses Titania even further.
After some time and unlocking everyone's [Auras], a tear opens and another Asmodeus clone
steps out in his devil form.
"I was wondering what was taking so long. Looks like you all had quite a rough
time." The second clone remarks before turning to Cana and Ur. "Did they unlock [Fairy
Heart]? Why does Ur have [Fairy Heart]?"
"...fuck it. We're not going through this shit again, let's just move on." The third said as he
and the fourth walked into the portal.
"... rude. Who does he think he is?" The second comments before turning to the
others. "Anyways, just step through this portal. Everyone's waiting."
Without missing a beat, the fairies and Etherious all step into the tear and arrive at the
battlefield where he fought Doom.
The third and fourth clones are tackled by Brandish who then proceeds to give them a
crushing hug before they manage to break out. They then turn to see Irine not only alive but
giving them a kiss on their cheeks.
The two turn to the one other clone who shrugs. "It's a very long story."
"I feel like that is gonna be a common troupe for all of us clones." the third clone says in an
amused tone. "Meh, the boss is the one who will have to deal with it all in the end once he

gets our memories, assuming he doesn't already know."
"Agreed." the fourth says with a chuckle.
"He's likely aware to some degree, since the clone who was originally with Brandish and
Irene dispelled after reviving fallen members of Fairy Tail." the second clone states.
"So that's the clone Seilah mentioned, right? The one who revived the members of Fairy
Tail?" The third clone realizes.
"Yep. That bastard Doom was a tenacious little shit." The second clone started with a
scowl.
"Well, is this really everyone?" The fourth clone asks. "I don't see Natsu or the boss."
"They're likely dealing with the original Wolfen and his various clones." The second
clone says with a shrug. "They likely have it the worst, so we should join up with them
ASAP."
"…we're gonna be walking into the metaphorical Lion's den, aren't we?" The third clone asks
rhetorically.
""Without a doubt."" the second and fourth clones say simultaneously.
"It's okay, Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish happily says. "You will easily triumph over Aldoron,
and we will give our full support along the way!"
"You have proven time and again that you are a man who excels at the impossible without
equal." Irene adds.
"And we will happily fight by your side no matter what," Seilah firmly states. "To the very
end, if we must."
"Indeed!" Erza says, getting their attention, along with those of the other Fairy Tail mages.
"Everyone, it's time we bring this fight to an end! We will go and fight together, and stop
Aldoron once and for all! No one messes with Fairy Tail!"
"YEAH!" was the collective reply of all the Fairy Tail mages.
Erza then turns to the Asmodeus clones. "Asmodeus-kun, can you take us to where we need
to go for the final battle?"
"Sure." The second clone states. "We need to go to the boss and beat Wolfen first."
"The question is how? In case you forgot, these walls change constantly. It'll be impossible to
get to them, much less together." The fourth points out.
The three clones ponder deeply on what to do.
"... what if we can go together?" The third clone said, getting the others' attention.

"What are you talking about?" The second asks.
"Seilah and I absorbed Gears' [Chaos Energy]. We can use that to teleport everyone directly
to the boss and Natsu." The third clone said.
"You're talking about [Chaos Control]. You want to perform [Chaos Control] to get us
there." The fourth surmised. "Well unfortunately, you can't. We'll need more [Chaos
Energy] than the amount you absorbed."
"Then, perhaps we can help." The fourth turns to Iren, Brandish, and Seilah. "We also
absorbed some of the energy during our fight with Doom. It may not be much but it should
do the trick."
"I also got a bit of [Chaos Energy] in me as well." The second adds.
"Okay, fine." The fourth exasperates. "It might work. Keyword being 'might'. But we still
need some kind of focal point to hone in on or else it'll go out of control."
"I think I might just have the thing we need." The third opens their [Inventory] and pulls out
the [Stand Arrow].
"The [Stand Arrow]? How is that going to help?" The fourth asked.
"Well, we're clones but we don't have a [Stand]. We can't summon [Payback] like the boss
can. So the reason for that may be because the power can't be copied, it's bound to only him. I
mean, even us being clones of him, we're all different in some way. We're not exactly 'perfect'
copies of the original." The third explains as he raises the arrow. "This arrow is bound to the
boss right down to his soul and because he's the only person in this world to use it, their bond
is much more powerful."
"... I'm convinced. Let's do this." The second clone said.
The three clones all grab the spine of the arrow while the girls grab onto their shoulders.
"Now, I need everyone to think about Natsu. You all need to believe that you'll be by his
side." The second clone told the guild.
"Think of all the times you spend together with Natsu." The third adds.
Everyone closes their eyes and starts to think of the time they spent together with Natsu. The
good, the bad, the annoying, and idiotic. Yet despite all the headaches that guy had given
them all, the guild wouldn't be the same without [Salamander] in its life, and that's
something they can all agree on.
The clones and the girls' bodies begin to glow in response to the guild's thoughts and
memories and are poured into the arrow itself. Soon enough, the guild also begins to glow as
they all become connected.
The [Stand Arrow] is soon enveloped with white energy and metal on the arrowhead
changes as well.

"!" The clones all open their eyes as they finally feel a connection. "[Chaos Control]!"
In a flash of light, everyone disappears leaving only an empty and desolate battleground.

Chapter 19: Fairy Tail: Awakening Part 5
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
"[Fire Dragon's Brilliant Flame]!"
"[Fire God's Kagutsuchi]!"
The two fire spells charge at each other and collide, creating a large maelstrom of crimson
and black flames that destroy everything around them.
Natsu and I were fighting clones of Jose, Ikaruga, Jellal, and three members of Grimoire
Heart. Natsu decided to take on Zancrow and Jellal for personal reasons, the former due to
his pride as [Fire Dragon Slayer] demanding to beat the [Fire God Slayer] while the latter
due to being outraged at Wolfen for creating a copy of someone he now considered a friend.
Hades, meanwhile, decided to just stand in the background and watch the fight instead of
participating.
"[Meteor]!" Jellal is enveloped in a golden aura and jets himself towards Natsu at near light
speeds, only for the [Salamander] to catch him in mid-air and slam him to the ground with
ease.
"C'mon, you plant bastards! Is that all you got!?" Natsu demands as fire dances freely across
his body. "I'm gonna show you all what a real [Fire Dragon Slayer] does to overgrown trees
like you!"
Zancrow grits his teeth before rushing at Natsu, who simply greets his challenge with his big
goofy grin.
"Come on, is that all you got?" I taunted Ikaruga and Jose in a mocking tone, causing the duo
to escalate their attacks only for me to dodge them easily. "I've faced far tougher enemies
than you weeds! The fact that you even chose to take these forms is rather disappointing.
Like, at least pick someone who can put up a REAL challenge!"

The anger felt from both was palpable, though Jose's attacks were useless given their dark
nature when used against someone who has [Dark Emissary] and Ikaruga's attacks are
embarrassingly predictable.
She was no Erza, that's for sure.
"You fairy bastards are all gonna die like the bugs you are!" Jose says at his wits end, but his
attack was cut short as I sliced his body to tiny pieces.
"Pathetic. And to think you're in the same league as Makarov." I scoff in disappointment
before turning towards a flinching Ikaruga. "Seriously, you could become anyone in the
world and yet you choose such a pathetic ensemble of past villains? Chances are that even the
weaker members of Fairy Tail could take on these guys now." I raise the [Sparda] over my
shoulder as I make my way towards her. "Don't bother fighting, you'll only be embarrassing
yourself."
However, before I could take another step, vines and long tree roots suddenly pop out from
under my feet and restrain me.
"You would be wise not to underestimate us, regardless of what form we take." I look down
as the face of Azuma appears and stares right at me. "This form is particularly useful when
used in conjunction with the body of Aldoron-sama."
"Indeed, now it is time for you to die!" Ikaruga said while attempting to stab me through the
heart, but I quickly put an end to it by sending a surge of dark matter around me, destroying
the Tree Roots and destroying the copies of Ikaruga and Azuma.
You have defeated Azuma! You have gained 101,910 EXP! You have earned 99,312
Credits!
You have defeated Jose Porla! You have gained 100,090 EXP! You have earned 97,041
Credits!
You have defeated Ikagura! You have gained 89,455 EXP! You have earned 76,777
Credits!
Level Up(x10)!
"Like I said, pathetic." I repeated before turning to Natsu. "Yo. How's the beat down over
there?"
The view shows the dragon slayer standing over the charred bodies of both Zancrow and
Jellal.
"Meh. They weren't so tough." Natsu remarks as he nonchalantly walks towards me.
"That's because this stupid weed chose underwhelming individuals to become." I replied with
a deadpan expression, before turning to Hades, who hasn't moved from his original spot.
"Although I will admit, Hades will be a little trickier due to his life experience and mastery in
multiple forms of magic."

"You fools are no match for the power of the dragon god." Hades coldly stated. "Looks like
Makarov will need to bury some foolish members of his guild."
I give the God Seed a skeptical look. "Are you fucking serious? Did you not see us make
short work of your little team? Jellal and Jose, assuming the ones we fought were just as
strong as the originals, couldn't hold a candle to us and they were Wizard Saints." I point out.
"I know you got an eyepatch and all, but I didn't think you were completely blind if you think
you can somehow beat us. The Fairy Tail of today is nothing like the one Grimore Heart
fought almost a decade ago, so get off your fucking high horse already, weed, you're not
fooling anyone with this tough guy act you got going on."
"Fool. It is you who is underestimating me. You have NO idea the kind of power Aldoronsama has granted me." Hades raises his arms up to his chest, with his left hand facing up and
his right hand facing down. Dark magic begins to gather in the middle as well as violet
energy that causes a dark sphere to form surrounded by a sickly purple aura.
My eyes widened as I quickly recognized the spell.
"Begone from this god's sight, vermin." Hades declares with disdain. "[Grimoire Law]"
I quickly grab Natsu and dash away just as the powerful spell destroys the surrounding area
in an instant.
"Hey, what gives!?" Natsu yells at me. "I could've tank that-"
"Look." I grab Natsu's head and force him to see what I'm seeing and it quickly shuts him up.
There was nothing, nothing at all, just a perfectly circular crater slowly filling up with sand.
"... shit." Natsu cursed.
"... you say you can tank that? You wouldn't even have time to scream because you would
already be dead by the time it hit you." I told him.
"Now, do you see? This is the power that Aldoron-sama has blessed me with." Hades states.
I narrow my eyes at Hades. "You used [Chaos Energy] to overload that spell. Someone like
you, who doesn't even have a soul, can never hope to fully control the power of chaos."
"Do not underestimate the servants of Aldoron-sama, human." Hades replies. "We are more
than capable of handling this great power to serve the will of our god!"
"See, that's the thing." I countered while rolling my eyes. "No matter what forms you weeds
take or what abilities you acquire or try to replicate, you will be little more than hollow
drones with no true will or spirit of your own. You literally only exist to serve Aldoron. That
makes you all incapable of handling some of the greatest powers in existence, and [Chaos
Energy] is no exception. Even the actual Aldoron, who has a mind and soul of his own, may
end up biting off more than he can chew and suffer the consequences."

"Enough of this foolishness." Hades says before forming chains using his [Chain
Magic] infused with [Chaos Energy] that he proceeds to launch at me and Natsu. It grabs
our arms and he proceeds to toss us around like a bunch of ragdolls and repeatedly slamming
us against the ground at every opportunity. I tried to free us, but the [Chaos Energy] made
the chains unbreakable.
"Give up, not even Makarov could break through my chains." Hades states.
Unknown to him, a black cloud floats by and quickly gets absorbed into me.
You have defeated Doom! You have gained 534,655 EXP! You have earned 955,221
Credits!
You have defeated August! You have gained 343,551 EXP! You have earned 457,412
Credits!
You have defeated Zeref Dragneel! You have gained 601,399 EXP! You have earned
712,001 Credits!
Level Up (x64)!
Skill Level Up(x3)!
[Observe LVL. 50/100]
[Moon Dragon Slayer 7/10]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 47/100]
Trait unlocked!
[Chaos Mode]
Obtained from the absorption of Chaos Energy. Although not as powerful or resilient as
the Super Form, this form can potentially do anything so long as the user is strong
enough.
Boosts all stats x500
Grants the skill [Chaos Control (Limited) when active.
[Chaos Control (Limited) LVL. 1/5]
A limited form of the iconic technique. Because of its nature and limited Chaos Energy,
its power has dwindled immensely and is only limited to simple teleportation.
"!" Immediately, my body surges with insane amounts of energy as I see the memories of one
of my clones who fought Doom and absorbed his [Chaos Energy].

Knowing now what to do, I take a page from my clone and grab the chains as I start
absorbing its [Chaos Energy].
Almost immediately, I feel a massive surge of power entering my body as I quickly gain firm
footing while Hades begins to lose his.
"You think you can take the power of a god? Very well, let's just see how much you can take
before you explode." Hades proceeds to pump more [Chaos Energy] into his chains, but I
just absorb it without issue.
After about a full minute, Hades begins to falter and takes a knee. "How… how is he able to
absorb so much?"
"Natsu, I need you to listen." The dragon slayer looks at his friend. "I need you to attack
Hades with everything you got." I said. "The longer these chains are on us, the harder it will
be to break and I can't keep doing this up forever, so I need to take this chance and take him
out!"
"You got it!" Natsu replied before charging rapidly at Hades with flames building in his
hands. "Get ready old man, because I'm coming for you!"
Hades tries to move but he's too weak to stand.
"This is payback for everything you put us through on Tenrou Island! [Fire Dragon's Iron
Fist]!" Natsu yelled as he struck Hades before he could defend himself, causing the chains to
break.
As Hades was sent flying, a massive surge of light surrounds Natsu and myself.
As the light died down, it was revealed to be my three remaining clones and all the others.
"Natsu!" Natsu turns around just in time for Lucy to embrace him. "Oh thank goodness you're
okay!"
"Yo boss!" I turned to see my three remaining clones approaching me. The second clone was
the first to respond. "Good to see you're still alive and kicking."
"Asmodeus-sama~" A voice yelled, getting my attention as I turned only to be caught in the
vice-grip of an overjoyed Brandish. "I'm glad you're okay! It's good to meet the real you for
the first time-! Uwa~ your toned muscles feel amazing!"
"B-Brandish!?" I exclaimed.
"I'm glad to meet the real you after everything you've done for me, my love." A seductive
voice purs in my ear as I feel someone grab onto my arm. I turned to see an alive Irene happy
to see me before kissing my cheek. "I will make sure not to disappoint you or leave your side,
Asmodeus-sama~"
"Um…"

"Master!" I glance over to see not just Seilah, but Cana and UR standing with. Both sporting
white hair and equally white outfits before identifying them in their [Fairy Heart] forms.
"…WHAT!?"
"We are here to aid you and defeat Aldoron for good!" Seilah proudly exclaims.
I turn my attention back to my clones. "You three have a lot of explaining to do."
"We don't even know where to start." All three clones said at once.
"How did you all get here anyway?" I ask.
"[Chaos Control]." I turned to the fourth clone who seems to not be thrilled about it. "We
used [Chaos Control] to teleport you two, but more specifically Natsu."
"Yeah! We used the energy we absorbed from the God Seeds we defeated." The third shows
me the [Stand Arrow]. "Then, we used the arrow as a focal point, along with Fairy Tail's
memories of Natsu, to perform a one-way trip to you directly." He smirks arrogantly as he
gives the fourth a one-eyed glance. "And to think YOU thought it was a stupid idea!"
"I never said it was stupid, I just didn't think it was feasible considering the lack of certain
items." The fourth states.
The third scoffs. "Sure, yeah. Whatever you say, jackass."
I chuckle before my eyes glance at the [Stand Arrow]. "Can I see that for a sec?" The clone
gave me the arrow and I got a good look at it. The arrow remained largely the same, the only
difference now being that the arrowhead was platinum instead of gold as well as the bizarre
power emanating from the arrowhead.
[? Arrow] - Rank: ?
A Stand Arrow empowered by Chaos Energy and the thoughts and wishes of Fairy Tail.
It has become an artifact of infinite potential, it is impossible to determine what it can
do.
I quickly put the arrow into my [Inventory] before focusing on more important matters. "I
imagine there's a reason why not just Cana, but Ur is not only alive but also has [Fairy
Heart] for some reason."
"That's a story that needs its own chapter, but you'll find out soon enough." The second told
him before turning to Cana. "But while on that subject, how are you doing over there, Cana?"
"I'll admit, this is still something I'm trying to process." Cana says as she examines herself.
"But, I'm not complaining. I'm starting to like my new look." She walks up to me and
proceeds to wrap herself on my remaining arm and presses her much larger breasts firmly
against it. "And I'm looking forward to breaking this new body in, if you catch my drift~"

I blinked in surprise at Cana's response and there was nothing subtle about her desire to
seduce me, but before I could respond to her, I felt another set of arms wrap around my
abdomen and something soft pressing against my back.
"She's not the only one, Azzy-kun," a husky voice whispered in my ear, revealed to be Ur
upon turning around. "I also went through quite a few changes and enhancements thanks to
that plant bastard, though I won't deny the benefits, including the changes to my body. And
after what you have done for me and what you promised me, I wish to thank you as well after
this is over."
I glanced at my clones, before shaking my head in resigned acceptance.
"I always figured I would somehow end up drawing attention from a variety of individuals,
but never in this manner. Though I can't deny that I love this feeling." Turning to speak to all
the girls, I continued. "Since I'll likely get the rest of the details from my clones once they
disappear, I'll just say it right now." I began. "The path you're all taking right now is not one
you can turn back from. If you all want to stay by my side, you must understand that there
will be obstacles, dangers, and decisions that will mean life and death." I narrow my eyes at
them. "Knowing this, do you still want to be with me?"
"Of course, Asmodeus-sama." Irene said in a serious tone as she and the rest of the girls let
go of me.
"You've given me new hope on living. I don't care what sort of life you lead, I will follow and
support you to the very end, Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish exclaims.
"It is the same for me, Asmodeus-sama. This Seilah is yours to command." Seilah adds.
"Thank you." I give them a genuine smile, causing all the girls to blush.
Cana sees the other girls' devotion and feels uncomfortable. "Geez, I don't know if I can top
that."
"You just need to be yourself, Cana-chan. I think that's all Asmodeus wants." Ur assures her.
Cana smiles at Ur. "Yeah, I think you're right."
Meanwhile, Gildarts sees all of this, and starts crying. "No! My beautiful baby girl is being
taken from me!" His tears become so vast that it starts to flood everything. "I'll kill that
weirdly-named brat if it's the last thing I do!" But before he does anything, a card flies in and
stabs Gildarts in the head, causing his blood to shoot out like a geyser.
"Shut the hell up, old man! Whoever I end up with is none of your business!" Cana yells.
Mira sweat drops. "I think you just killed your dad, Cana-chan…"
Cana scoffs. "Nah, this isn't the first time I stabbed him. He'll be fine."
"When was the first time!?" The rest of Fairy Tail asks their resident drunk.

I let out a laugh at the scene. "You're all just as I imagined! Fairy Tail really is the best!"
"I'm so happy you're all having such a good time." Everyone turns to see Hades walking
towards, no longer wearing his signature armor.
"Because that's all the time you'll ever have." Hades said.
Everyone glares at the doppelganger, ready to pounce the moment he makes a move.
"We're not afraid of you. We're much stronger than you realize." Lisanna said.
"That's something only an idealistic fool would say. You humans simply cannot accept
reality." Hades replies.
"We fought hard. We lost so much. But we grew stronger from it all." Gildarts states. "A
creature like you, who refuses to even understand something so basic, can never hope to beat
us."
"I don't need to understand. My entire being only needs Aldoron-sama." Hades proclaims, his
tone as condescending as ever
"You are just sad. You can't even see the end right in front of you." Evergreen says with pity
in her voice.
"To think we lost to an empty doll like you is nothing short of depressing." Fried adds.
"It'll be better if we just put it out of its misery." Bickslow said, losing his smile.
"You freaks can't even fight yourselves. Gears summoned not just Zeref and the first master,
but my master and my father just to do your dirty work." Gray said, not even trying to contain
his anger anymore.
"You are all nothing but parasites, you can't even look at us with your own eyes and instead
rely on using the skins of others thinking it'll give you an advantage." Laxus adds with
Makarov glaring at the God Seed.
"Silence. This is why you cannot be left alive. All of this magical power is wasted on
creatures like you." Hades said.
"Except, it's not magic, it never was. What you despise is really our bonds with one another,
the ability to keep moving forward no matter the odds." Mira argues. "That is our true
power."
"Someone like you, who has no one, can never hope to match us, no matter how powerful the
dragon god makes you." Juvia said.
"!?" Hades grits his teeth at this.
"Do you see now? You were never fighting one wizard, but all of them. The might of Fairy
Tail stands before you, the accumulated human tenacity that can surpass even the will of a

god." I throw my arms, gesturing at the guild behind. "I'm sure that as a former master of
Fairy Tail you understand it better than most, or at least you did. Once upon a time." I raise
my hand and point at Hades. "In short, you lost the moment you confronted us."
Hades was seething at the response he was getting from the humans, but before he could
respond, he sensed the emergence of another right next to him. He turned and saw it was the
original Wolfen.
"That is enough of your arrogant heresy." Wolfen snarled. "We God Seeds have repeatedly
tried teaching you lowly humans your place, but you remain defiant. No longer! You may
have defeated the other God Seeds, but the worst is yet to come!"
Upon giving this declaration, Wolfen immediately raised his hands in the air.
"Aldoron-sama! Despite it all, I remain dedicated to fulfilling your divine will even as the last
God Seed!" Wolfen loudly proclaimed. "The time for stronger measures is now! And I ask
that you lend your humble servant some of your power!"
As he finished, the voice of Aldoron filled the fair.
"Very well, you shall receive more power than your brethren. Use what is left to destroy
these humans once and for all."
Upon stating this, a massive surge of [Chaos Energy] engulfed Wolfen, and approximately
14 additional clones of Wolfen had appeared from the ground. As the surge of [Chaos
Energy] around Wolfen began to dissipate, four of his clones came to his side and began to
transform. Upon completion, four copies of August, Bloodman, Future Rogue, and even
Elefseria in his human form were formed before almost immediately being absorbed
alongside the copy of Hades into the original Wolfen, whose appearance began to change.
Standing in front of us is now a voluptuous woman made entirely of tree roots and bark. Her
hair consisted entirely of golden wheat and a face just as beautiful to match as well as a pair
of emerald green eyes.
…. Wait a minute.
'Did Wolfen just transform into Artoria!?' All four Asmodeus thought as Wolfen looked more
or less like Lancer Artoria.
Name: Wolfen
Title: God Tree of Deception
Level: 110
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Five Guardian Deities
HP: 201,094
MP: 401,507

SP: 189,555
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Extermination
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 51/100]
"Why and more importantly how is Wolfen a woman now? He wasn't even a girl to begin
with, nor were any of the individuals he absorbed?" I asked no one in particular, completely
flabbergasted before shaking my head. "You know what? It's probably the whole 'plants are
both genders with Stamen and Pistil's' crap. If not, then I don't even wanna know."
"Same." The three clones agreed.
Most of the men howl at the sight while the more perverted ones rocket into the air thanks in
due to their nosebleeds.
"Huh? What's everyone so worked up about?" Natsu asks, clearly confused.
Lucy sighs at Natsu's idiocy and yet thankful that he's not like the rest. "Never change
Natsu."
Gray doesn't even have time to respond as his head is buried in between Juvia's boobs.
"Don't look at her, Gray-sama! Focus all of your lust at Juvia!" Juvia exclaims as he hugs her
boyfriend tight.
"Can't… breathe…" Gray's voice muffles as he tries to get out of Juvia's inhuman grip, but
fails.
The females were just confused and some secretly jealous of the tree woman's curves.
"This is…" Wolfen began, she even sounds like Artoria. "This is amazing. I can feel the
magic coursing inside of me and the power of the Chaos Emerald." She hugs herself and
trembles in pleasure. "It is wonderful, truly wonderful."
"I don't know why, but hearing Wolfen moaning with that voice just feels wrong." The third
clone gags.
Seilah looks over at her master and his clones. "I'm a little surprised but thankful you are not
reacting the same way as the males of Fairy Tail, Master."
I roll my eyes as the other girls stare at me with an analytical eye.
"Contrary to what a lot of females think, not ALL guys are shameless perverts who think
with their dicks instead of their brains or dense idiots. And I'm no stranger to the female body
or feminine beauty." I said, remembering the time I spent with the beautiful moon goddess

and a certain rose. "And even without the prior knowledge of Wolfen being evil or him being
made of wood, his current female form isn't exactly among the all-time most beautiful girls I
have ever seen. Hell, each of you girls are easily at least 10 times sexier even on your worst
days."
All the girls blush at the statement but are overjoyed to know that I think they are beautiful.
"Oh Asmodeus-sama~! I'm so happy that you think so highly of me! This proves you are my
one true soulmate~!" Brandish gushes in happiness as she once again grabs me in a vice-grip
hug and kisses me on the lips. I manage to free myself, only for a hand to turn my head and
draw me into another kiss, this time with Irene.
"It means a lot to me that you have such a high opinion of my beauty, my love. It only further
proves that I belong to you and you alone, Asmodeus-sama~" Irene purrs.
"This is the last gift I shall bestow you. Your brethren have already failed me. Should
you fail, you and the rest of the guardians shall be decommissioned."
"I-I will not fail." Wolfen stammers in fear.
I walk forward. "What's wrong, Aldoron? Too scared to take us all on!? So much for the great
dragon god of trees."
"I do not have time to entertain you, abomination. My God Tree will be enough of a
match for you."
"Yeah, and look at what's behind me because, clearly, they were much, were they?" I mocked.
"You have so much life. I will enjoy draining it from you, along with your human
friends."
"Now…" My attention turns to Wolfen.
The ten clones he created begin to grow bigger as they take on new and more powerful
forms.
Dragons.
"I… Igneel." Natsu whispers as he stares at the fire dragon king that took him in.
Wendy's the same as she sees Grandeeny towering over her, her wings extended showing
their white beauty.
The others took the form of other dragons that some of the guild were familiar with:
Acnologia, Metalicana, Weisslogia, Skiadrum, Belserion, Mercphobia, Igneel, Ignia, and a
red dragon that no one has seen before.
"Well, this is unexpected." Irene remarks as she sees her dragon form. "It's been a while since
I last saw that face." She cups her chin. "Although the color of the scales and hair seem a lot
darker than I remember, but then again, memory isn't perfect."

"Wait, that's you!?" Gildarts asks as he gets closer to the enchanter. "You're a dragon!?"
"I'm more than just a pretty face, boy. Also, I would advise you to keep your hands to
yourself unless you want to lose them along your head." Irene says nonchalantly.
Gildarts laughs nervously as he slides further away from the older redhead.
Natsu sweats nervously at the sight of his foster.
Happy sees this and flies towards his friend. "Natsu…?"
"This is bad…" Laxus said in a grim tone laced in fear, a very out-of-character reaction from
the dragon slayer. "Of all the forms that the bastard could take, it chose the strongest dragons
that Fairy Tail had ever encountered."
"This is gonna be tough…" Natsu said.
"Tough?! Try impossible, Natsu!" Lucy yelled in fear. "It took practically the full combined
might of all the mages of Fiore to beat Acnologia, and even then it took a literal miracle to
beat him!" The view switches to the heads of the ten dragons. "Now he's back, and there's
Mercphobia and Ignia, two of the five Dragon Gods who easily rival, if not surpass,
Acnologia in power! And if you add the other dragons, this seems like a near-impossible
challenge!"
As much as many of them wanted to claim otherwise, the mages of Fairy Tail were hardpressed to refute Lucy. Acnologia alone was the most dangerous opponent Fairy Tail had ever
faced up until now and their original victory was, as Lucy said, a miracle. But now the odds
did not look good.
Even Cana and Ur were hard pressed not to take the dragons head on, despite having [Fairy
Heart] in their possession.
The whispers and muttering become louder before a single order puts a stop to that.
"SHUT THE FUCK UP!"
All of the members turn to the source of the voice: Asmodeus and his three clones.
"Are you seriously frightened by this!? You, the guild that makes the impossible possible!?" I
demand. "The Fairy Tail I know wouldn't back down even if the odds were against them. Will
running now change anything!?" I point to Wolfen and his pets. "Don't let this bastard get to
you! That's how these guys operate! They use your fears against you!"
"You seem so certain, Asmodeus-san," Wendy nervously said, not liking the odds or the
prospect of fighting a copy of her foster mother.
"I've fought Ignia single handedly and lived to tell the tale. I took on the forces of hell itself
and gained the sword of one of the most powerful warriors it had ever produced." I revealed,
shocking everyone including the girls surrounding me. "And I have held my own and
severely weakened another Wolfen copy of Acnologia, even though Gildarts was the one who

delivered the final blow." I smile at them. "So if you're asking me if we can defeat the
dragons, then my answer is yes."
Everyone began to get closer to me and looked at me with me while warily glancing back at
the dragons.
"As long as we're together, nothing will beat us." I reassured everyone.
Wolfen scoffs. "If you're done with the motivational speech, you should see what you're
REALLY up against!"
The dragons all roar in confirmation.
"Oh, I know what I'm looking at and, quite frankly, I'm not impressed." I said. "Besides, last
time you took Acnologia's form, you were overwhelmed by his destructive impulses,
remember? What makes you think you can control not only him, but two other dragons that
are not only just as powerful as your master, but twice as stubborn and egoistic?"
Wolfen smiles. "With this." She activates [Macro] and all of the dragons freeze in place
before using [Whiteout] in conjunction with [Dragon Supremacy Magic] causing all of the
dragons to bow to her.
I blink. "Huh. I certainly didn't consider that."
"Now, do you understand the gravity of the situation?" She gestures to the dragons. "I have
the most powerful weapons in the entire world, while you have a bunch of mediocre human
wizards and three [Dragon Slayers]. How can you hope to match those odds?"
The third clone smirks. "She really doesn't know anything."
"In the end, these things are incapable of learning from their mistakes." The second adds.
"This is it, your chances of winning are lower than zero." The fourth states.
The three clones walk up to the original and place their hands on his back.
Wolfen arches an eyebrow. "What is this?"
The three clones dissolve into black smoke that quickly enters my body.
I clench my fists as I feel something swell within me before my [Aura] flares to life and my
body unleashes a powerful shockwave that blows everyone back.
You have defeated Flying Golems! You have gained 99,912 EXP(x3)! You have earned
87,821 Credits(x3)!
You have defeated Gears! You have gained 1,002,001 EXP! You have earned 992,895
Credits!

You have defeated Silver Fullbuster! You have gained 157,420 EXP! You have earned
115,908 Credits!
You have defeated Ur! You have gained 119,579 EXP! You have earned 100,207 Credits!
You have defeated Zeref Dragneel! You have gained 601,399 EXP! You have earned
712,001 Credits!
You have defeated Mavis Vermillion! You have gained 601,399 EXP! You have earned
712,001 Credits!
You have defeated Zancrow! You have gained 121,771 EXP! You have earned 100,207
Credits!
Level Up(x79)
Skill Level Up(x9)!
[Observe LVL. 62/100]
[Blade Mastery LVL. 40/100]
[Movement Mastery LVL. 70/100]
[Mana Burst LVL. 5/10]
[Mana Sense LVL. 4/10]
[Elemental Manipulation LVL. 10/10]
[Fire Dragon Slayer LVL. 10/10]
[Heal 10/10]
[Duplicate 10/10]
Skill [Heal] has evolved to [Salvation]!
[Salvation LVL. 1/10]
Allows the user to fully heal anything, even revive the dead.
Skills acquired:
[Copy LVL. 10/10]
August's main magic that ascended him to the title of Wizard King. His mastery
allowed him to copy their targets Magic at the instantaneous moment they encounter
them and being able to own, utilize, and lastly nullify the targeted Mage's copied Magic
with their own. However, it is impossible to copy Holder Magic as there is no material
or substance for the caster to copy.

[Ars Magia LVL. 10/10]
An Ancient Spell that has the power to destroy an entire country in an instant. By using
your own body as a catalyst, your Magic Power can melt and destroy the environment,
breaking down any inorganic substance into pieces, while also evaporating the blood
inside living beings. It is potent enough to disable the use of other Magics during its
casting. It can be stopped before it is casted, however, it will result in the user's body
being destroyed.
Cost all of the user's current MP and HP to cast
[Void Dragon Slayer LVL. 4/10]
The secret and forbidden form of Dragon Slayer Magic, notorious for its ability to
consume all elements, all forms of magic, and even all forms of power including
conceptual ones, along with being able to destroy or erase virtually anything the user
desires. It allows the user to potentially become the ultimate dragon slayer, but due to
its tricky nature makes it just as much a potential danger for allies and surroundings as
it does for enemies if not properly mastered.
The following techniques are available: Void Dragon's Roar, Void Dragon's Wrath, Void
Dragon's Iron Fist, Void Dragon's Purgatory Blast, Void Dragon's Abyss Blade, Void
Dragon's Adamantine Scales, Void Dragon's Chaos Spear, Void Dragon King's
Decimation, Void Dragon King's Death Beam, Void Dragon King's Death Ball, Void
Dragon King's Erasure, Eternal Flare, Power of the End
Cost 400 MP to use
[Wind Magic 10/10]
[Earth Magic 10/10]
[Fire Magic 10/10]
[Ice Magic LVL. 10/10]
[Snow Magic LVL. 10/10]
[Sleep Magic LVL. 10/10]
[Bullet Magic LVL. 10/10]
[Enchant Magic LVL. 10/10]
[Universe One LVL. 10/10]
[Sage Dragon Slayer Magic LVL. 10/10]
[...]

I can feel the clones' memories rushing like a tidal wave along with the EXP and magic they
have absorbed from their opponents and more was still coming. I can't help but laugh. This is
magnificent! Who knew that fighting those tree golems would yield such a treasure trove of
power!? So much [Magic] and [Curses]! I can even feel the residue of [Chaos Energy] that
was left over! I can feel myself growing intoxicated by the second! This is too much!
I laugh even harder. Aldoron had inadvertently created something worse than Acnologia and
he doesn't even know it!
Everyone looks on with shock and concern as they watch Asmodeus levitate as his power
rises continuously by the second. They couldn't even take a single step forward due to the
immense pressure their friend was exerting. And it all started when he absorbed the clones
back into himself.
Did the clones somehow enhance their user when they're dispelled? That's not
how [Clone] magic works!
"W-What is he!?" Jellal yells as he tries to maintain his footing.
The exertion of power ends and Asmodeus lands where he stood but with steam now rolling
off his body.
"Haaa…" I breathe out, steam condensing from the rush of air between my teeth and my
new [Ice Magic].
"Oh, that feels wonderful." I mutter as I crack my neck.
Wolfen looks at the human with apprehension and fear. How!? How did he get so powerful so
fast!? It's ludicrous! It's impossible! No human should exert that much power! The only
creatures capable of such a feat are the dragon gods!
Does that mean that this human… is a god…?
No! That is illogical! Humans cannot become gods! That is impossible!
"U-um, Asmodeus-san?" Wendy nervously asks, breaking me out of my stupor as I look at
her. "What was that?"
"That was just a side effect of my cloning technique." I revealed. "Whenever my clones are
dispelled, whatever knowledge and experience they collected is immediately transferred to
me. Basically, a permanent boost in power."
"What the hell do you mean 'a permanent boost'? Clones don't make the user stronger when
they dispel." A baffled Jellal points out.
"Under normal circumstances, you'd be right, but since when was I ever normal?" I
rhetorically ask the former villain. "My [Duplication] technique allows my clones to transfer
their accumulated experience and knowledge to me. It's a good way to shorten years of
training to just a few hours." I said. "My clones have not only been fighting super-powered
God Seeds, but also the clones of Fairy Tail's most powerful enemies and absorbing their

powers. That sort of thing adds up after a while." I said. "And when the clones were
dispelled, all of their accumulated experience and knowledge was transferred to me." Black
energy begins to surround me as a grin appears on my face. "All of that knowledge, all that
power, stuffed in a small package. It defies all logic, and it's thanks to Aldoron sending his
lackeys to kill us. He made me stronger than ever!"
Everyone was shocked by the revelation, but I continued.
"Have you ever heard the famous saying 'what doesn't kill you just makes you stronger'?" I
rhetorically asked in a confident tone. "Well, I essentially embody that saying to an
impossible degree, and considering even the strongest and most dangerous things in
Earthland can't kill me, that means essentially EVERYTHING makes me stronger!"
At this point, everyone's jaws had dropped. Never did they think someone like this could
possibly exist!
The silence was broken by the resident [Salamander].
"Oh yeah? Then fight me, Asmodeus!"
"Are you seriously asking him for a fight at a time like this!?" A dumbstruck Lucy yells.
"Well yeah! What better way to prove who's the strongest among us?" Natsu said.
"Don't make it sound like its a normal thing, you moron!"
"Not the time, Natsu. We got bigger fish to fry, like dealing with this weed and Aldoron." I
replied, which instantly makes Natsu pout.
"Fish!?" Happy exclaims before getting smacked in the head.
"Not now, Happy." Carla said.
I turn to the female tree. "Sorry to keep you waiting. Now, let's get straight to the point."
Wolfen looks petrified as this, this thing stares at her with his cold silver eyes. Even though
they were far apart, it was like he was standing right in front of her with a look you'd only
find in predators.
… and she was the prey.
"I… I will back down. Now not!" Wolfen waves her hand and summons another Wolfen to
her side. The clone morphs, turning into an exact copy of Asmodeus.
I arch an eyebrow at the clone of myself. "What's this?"
"You idiot! Have you forgotten what my magic does!? Your guild can't think of anything but
you right now. And now, I'm going to use that same power to destroy you all!" Wolfen
declares.

[Pretty overconfident, isn't she? She think that having that fake piece of shit is gonna
stop us]
I crack my knuckles. "Time to put this weed in her place."
"Kill him!" She yells and the clone rushes towards me.
I glance at Natsu. "I'll handle the faker, you guys handle the dragons." I start walking
forward. "Irene. I need you and Wendy to give everyone the strongest enchantments you
have."
Wendy nods. "Y-Yes!"
"It will be my pleasure, sweetie." Irene says with a smile.
I then turn to Cana and Ur. "Since you two now possess a limitless supply of magic power, I
need you both to help Wendy and Irene with maintaining their enchantments for as long as
possible."
Both Cana and Ur nod in understanding, with Cana standing besides Wendy and Ur besides
Irene.
I turn to Natsu. "Natsu, you and the rest of your team should take on Ignia. I suggest you use
your [Lightning-Fire Dragon Mode] as your regular flames won't work on him."
"Got it!" Natsu grinned as his namesake team joined him as his body ignited. "I'm all fired
up!"
With that, Team Natsu rushes towards the Fire Dragon God.
I turn to Seilah and Brandish. "Girls, I need you to take on Acnologia. Brandish, you use all
forms of [Dragon Slayer Magic] that August knew or you potentially gained from Fairy
Tail, while Seilah also uses her newly acquired [Dragon Slayer Magic] and Larcade's magic.
It's time to see if these guys live up to the hype, but don't hesitate to ask for help if you need
it."
"As you wish, Asmodeus-sama," Seilah responded while bowing.
"I won't disappoint you, Asmodeus-sama~" Brandish exclaims before the duo run to the
Dragon King.
"Laxus. I need you, Mirajane, and Jellal to take on Mercphobia." I told them, pointing at the
sea serpent. "Your [Dragon Slayer Magic], while not as powerful, might be enough to
incapacitate it. Also, Mira's [Semblance] can boost it so that you can deal more damage."
Laxus grunts in understanding before joining said mages in taking on the [Water Dragon
God].
"The rest of you will need to fight the dragons while they are supporting you." I explained to
everyone else. "I know this won't be easy, but all of you are stronger than you were during the

Alvarez War, and each of you also has their [Aura] unlocked along with many of you
having [Semblances] as well, not to mention not one but two [Dragon Slayers] who are
also [High Enchanters] powering you all up. So don't let up and show those giant lizards
why Fairy Tail is a guild that can create miracles!"
"YEEEEAAAAHHHH!" Everyone roars a battle cry as they all charge into battle.
[Huh. Didn't think that speech would actually motivate them this much]
"Wait." Seilah calls out causing me to stop in my tracks.
I turn to look at her. "What's up?"
*Chu~*
Seilah gives me a kiss on the cheek.
"For luck." Seilah said before pulling her closer for a more intimate kiss before separating.
"!"
"Trust me, Seilah, when I'm around 'luck' is no longer a factor." I let her go and proceeded to
walk towards my doppelganger. "Now go. You got a job to do."
"Yes!" Seilah nods and runs off with the others.
As I approach my clone, I notice he's giving me a dark stare.
"What's wrong, faker? Not happy to see me?" I ask in a playful tone.
"Shut the fuck up." My clone says with clear anger in his voice. "Just looking at you makes
me sick."
I arch an eyebrow at the clone's attitude. "What did I do?"
"Your entire existence, that's what." The clone growls. "I was born from Fairy Tail's thoughts
of you and was further empowered by Aldoron-sama. And yet… something's wrong.
Something's missing within me!" He firmly grabs his chest. "Wolfen's [Copy] magic is
perfect! So why do I feel so empty!?"
[That's because that bitch's two-bit magic cannot comprehend the intricacies of my
majesty. I am one of a kind, my systems cannot be copied by mere magic]
"If you have my memories, then the answer should be obvious." I point at him. "You are not
a [Gamer]?"
"What!?"
"The [Gamer] system embodies limitless potential. It was given to me by a being that's likely
beyond the realm of a god." I scoff. "I mean, not even my clones get a copy of the system,
they only get my accumulated skills." I state. "And as for the lack of

a [Semblance] or [Stand]? Is it really that shocking you don't have them? You don't have a
soul or true free will, so you wouldn't get either. The fact that you call that bastard 'Aldoronsama' only further proves that you're essentially just a magical wooden puppet who was
carved to look like me.
"Shut up!" The faker leaps forward but I simply step aside and let gravity do the rest.
"You have no self control, but that only proves my point." I turn my head around and send it a
wave of intense [Bloodlust].
"You're nothing but a faker! A useless doll created by an equally useless master! A cheap
imitation that I doubt even Brandish, Irene, or the others would be fooled by." I surmised.
"You don't deserve those hotties." The faker gets up, his body trembling under
my [Bloodlust]. "They deserve to be with someone better, like me, before becoming nutrients
for Aldoron-sama!"
"You're right about one thing: they do deserve better." I admit before glaring daggers at him.
"But what makes you think your any better, huh? A doll who acts like a child craving for his
father's attention? I was never all that impressed with you Wolfen clones, but you clearly
have nothing up here if you came up with such a conclusion." I said, tapping the left side of
my head to emphasize my point.
"Enough!" The fake repels my [Bloodlust] with his own (Aldoron's) power. "I'm gonna enjoy
ripping you apart and taking whatever it is I need to become whole!"
Name: Wolfen (Asmodeus)
Title: Seed of Deceit, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Demon Lord
Level: 271
Affiliation: Wood Dragon God, Five Guardian Deities
HP: 201,689
MP: 289,209
SP: 256,091
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Kill and take your power
[So this is what your current strength would be if I wasn't around. While it is impressive
for human standards, I doubt you would be able to defeat Ignia like that]
The faker wastes no time and dashes forward at supersonic speeds with his arm pulled back,
only for me to grab his arm before he could deliver his strike.

"Slow. Way too slow." I throw him upwards before following suit and deliver an ax kick that
sends him right back down, leveling the surrounding area in the process.
"Gagh!" The faker screams from the excruciating pain his body's in.
"Not just slow, but also incredibly weak. Is this the state I would be in if wasn't
a [Gamer]?" I descend and land on the tip of a large rock.
A hand latches on the edge and Fake Asmodeus slowly climbs out of the crater he made and
glares at his original.
"Damn you!" His screams are full of resentment and hatred. He takes a large boulder and
hurls it at the original, who merely slices it in two with a wave of his hand.
I look down at the source of the screaming. "You're still alive? I guess I underestimated your
endurance. But then again-"
Faker Asmodeus doubles forward as he punched in the stomach and sent flying across the
ruins.
"... I am incredibly stubborn. I guess you are a little like me." I mused.
The faker catches himself with nearby debris and uses the remaining momentum to redirect
himself back towards his target.
"[Fire Dragon's Brilliant Flame]!" He casts the spell but is shocked to see it didn't work.
"Impossible!?"
I jump to right and deliver a roundhouse kick to the head, sending him crashing to a nearby
wall, shattering it on impact.
"Did you forget I absorbed August's [Copy] magic? I can nullify any magic I set my eyes
on." I said.
The Faker soon gets up from the rubble but a hand quickly grabs his face and slams him to
ground, creating large cracks around him.
"You know, seeing you getting your ass kicked like this is giving me weird feelings. I should
probably end this quickly." I remark.
The sky shifts from night as the full moon hangs in the sky. "[Moon Dragon-]" But before
he can do anything, the technique is canceled.
"What part of nullifying magic did not understand? Did Aldoron purposely make you stupid
or something?" I asked.
"Then I'll just use something that you CAN'T cancel!" Blue swords circle around him before
they cross together, causing the faker to glow red.
[He can use Sword Dance!?]

"Yeah, but he's not the only one!" I activate my own [Sword Dance].
The faker raises his hand and from the ground emerges a greatsword made of razor-sharp
wood. "The world isn't big enough for the two of us!"
"Trust me." I raise my hand and summon the [Devil Sword Sparda]. "There is only ONE of
me."
"So smug. But for how long?" He mused before charging towards me.
I raise my sword up just as he's about to swing his and the two blades collide, creating a
shockwave powerful enough to destroy the surrounding debris.
"[Dragon Pulse]!" The faker opens his mouth and unleashes a stream of pale purple fire at
my face.
"Ugh." I jump back to avoid it, but when I look up, the faker is missing.
"Where did he go!?" I look around but he's nowhere in sight.
*PING!*
Suddenly, my [Radar] goes off and I jump away from where I was standing, just as a large
gap appears on the ground.
"Tch. You dodged. I forgot about that stupid detection perk." The faker said, now appearing
where I was.
I land and look at my clone. "That ability. You used [Perfect Unknowable]."
"Yes, though it seems it's not so 'perfect' if your [Radar] can still detect me." The faker
comments.
I shrugged. "You may have my skills and abilities, but that doesn't automatically mean you
can use them to their full potential. I mean, I haven't even used HALF of them."
The faker growls. He's not taking him seriously, he's just been mocking him!
He charges forward and goes for a horizontal slash, only for his blade to be casually stopped
by the [Sparda].
"FUCK YOU! YOUR NOTHING WITHOUT THAT SYSTEM AND YOU KNOW IT!"
Fake Asmodeus screams out.
"And now you've been reduced to throwing tantrums. I can't believe how much of a brat you
are." I let out a disappointed sigh. "You think that because your the main character, you get to
have your ay no matter what. But that's not how this works. I realize now that this isn't some
game and there are still consequences to our actions, and a single mistake can cost us
everything." I throw the faker back. "That's why I always have to be careful, I don't want to
have any regrets."

The faker just laughs. "Then you're a fool. This just shows me how weak-minded you are.
Your power is WASTED on an idiot like you." He stands up. "I will take your system and
help Aldoron-sama reach even greater heights of power!"
I frown at his words. He's starting to sound more crazed by the minute.
"You know, I like to think that this entire experience has made me more mentally mature." I
give my doppelganger a cold look. "But seeing you like this... makes me realize just how
little I've changed since my death. An immature brat who cries every time something doesn't
go his way."
"Grr!" Magic power begins to ooze from his body. "I will make you eat those words!"
An aura of power begins to engulf my body. "I'm going to start living my life... and cutting
you out of it."
He tries a spinning back kick but I simply take a step back.
Then, he fires another [Dragon Pulse] from his mouth but I simply lean to my right and let
the beam pass by.
"Now this is just embarrassing." I said.
He summons hundreds of [Gaster Blasters] and fires them all simultaneously straight at me.
"[Payback]!" I summon my [Stand] and the world turns into a void as I phase through the
barrage of energy beams and casually walk towards my clone.
Upon reaching the fake, I immediately attacked him with a blast of [Dark Matter] once the
effects of [Payback] came to an end, causing him to be blown a considerable distance away.
As he got back up, he noticed the hole in his chest and how it wouldn't regenerate.
"In the end, your nothing but a puppet." I told him. "I'm sure you're familiar
with [Payback] and [Nemesis], two of the only abilities that your precious Aldoron can't
copy."
I watch the faker fall on his knees as the [Dark Matter] ravenously eats at his body.
I raise my hand as [Dark Matter] gathers in my palm. "Any last words?"
"May the Wood Dragon God feast on your worthless souls!" The faker screams out before
taking the full force of my attack point-blank.
When the smoke cleared, there was nothing left of him.
You have defeated Asmodeus! You have gained 1,005,667 EXP! You have earned
999,541 Credits!
Level Up(x23)!

Skill Level Up (x3)!
[Sword Dance LVL. 3/10]
[Dragon Pulse LVL. 4/10]
[Perfect Unknowable LVL. 2/10]
"Hn." I shook my head. "Not only was Wolfen and Aldoron stupid for thinking they could
truly replicate me and my power, but they made it a deluded fool. He never stood a chance."
[At least now that's over and with, we can finally focus on the elephant in the room]
I turn around and the original Wolfen's there, staring at me.
"Did you enjoy the show?" I asked.
Wolfen glares at me, but then for some reason starts to chuckle.
"What's so funny?" I asked in curiosity, causing her to stop laughing before looking at me
smugly.
"Do you really think I would send a copy of you to fight without a failsafe?" She mockingly
asked. "Before you destroyed that clone, I had all of his power and knowledge transferred to
me thanks to my connection to all my clones and, much like you, I got a power boost from
it." She exerts her power, showing off just how stronger she's become. "Needless to say I
appreciate the boost for our fight, though I must admit, your knowledge and memories are
curious. Particularly regarding this [Gamer] concept and [Semblances] and [Stands] and all
other manner of abilities across the Multiverse. It will be of great use to Aldoron-sama when
you die and he claims your four Chaos Emeralds and Master Emerald."
"You act like you are gonna survive this fight." I glare at her. "You're just as delusional as that
fake me. And you're even more delusional if you think Aldoron will survive, let alone claim
MY Chaos Emeralds."
"Insolent abomination!" Wolfen snarled. " Aldoron-sama will come out victorious, but now
you will DIE!"
She immediately launches Mard Geer's [Thorn] curse at me, which I promptly dodged, but
not before Wolfen launched a powerful magical blast,
"!" I blink as the magic wasn't nullified for some reason, so I opted to dodge the attack
instead.
"Don't bother trying to nullify my magic." Wolfen arrogantly stated. "I've infused my magic
attacks with [Curse] power, as August's [Copy] magic can't nullify [Curses] or [Curse
Power], not to mention it gives my spells a boost."
"Fine then." I activate [Nemesis] and put it on full throttle. "I'll just use my [Semblance] to
tear you apart!"

Wolfen sends more thorny vines at me, but they're all destroyed the moment they reach the
threshold.
I swing my arm up sending a crescent wave of [Dark Matter] at Wolfen, who tries to block
the attack with her [Reflector] but finds that the darkness is eating away at it.
"Damn!" Wolfen leaps just as the [Dark Matter] consumes the spell.
"Oh no, you don't!" I rush towards her. "[Payback]!" The black armored humanoid rises
from within me and moves towards Wolfen.
"MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!" The [Stand] throws a barrage
of punches at the God Tree before finishing it with one more punch, making an audible crack
as she collapses to the group.
"Ugh…! What…!?" Wolfen tries to process what just happened. "I couldn't see it… so that's
the power of a [Stand]..."
[Payback] charges forward, only for Wolfen to disappear on the spot, making it hit the
ground instead.
"You should know that [Perfect Unknowable] doesn't work as my [Radar] can detect you
the moment you're in my proximity range." I said.
Suddenly, I feel the temperature rise and I look up at an orange sun-like sphere above me.
"Burn in Hell!" Wolfen throws the literal sun straight at her target, hoping that it'll reduce him
to nothing but ashes.
Only to see her attack grow smaller and absorbed by the abomination, much to her horror,
leaving only cinders in its place.
"Did you forget my [Semblance] lets me ABSORB energy!? I can literally take everything
you throw at me." I yelled before an idea came to mind. "But just to be sure…" I fly towards
the God Tree and grab her by the neck and proceed to absorb her magic.
Skills acquired!
[Law Dragon Slayer Magic LVL. 10/10]
[White Dragon Slayer Magic LVL. 10/10]
[Shadow Dragon Slayer Magic LVL. 10/10]
[Dragon Supremacy Magic LVL. 10/10]
[...]
"...!?" Wolfen becomes more anxious as she feels her magic going straight to Asmodeus.

"Thank you for the meal." I let go of her before quickly kicking her in the stomach, sending
her back to the ground.
"Time to end this." [Dark Matter] envelops me and shoots me in the sky, transforming me
into the [Perfect Susanoo].
I will the [Susanoo] to raise its left arm and it transforms into an arm cannon.
"Now," I aim at where Wolfen crashed and charge up.
Wolfen digs herself out of the crater only to see the large black energy orb, eclipsing the light.
"Goodbye." I said and fired.
Wolfen looks on as the attack comes closer and closer, until she is completely swallowed by
it.
*BOOM!*
A black sphere rises from where I fired, causing the sky to darken before returning to normal.
You have defeated Wolfen! You have gained 1,101,564 EXP! You have earned 1,000,005
Credits!
Level Up(x24)!
The [Susanoo] flares with power as my level rises exponentially.
"And with that, marks the end of the Guardian Deities." I sighed in relief, finding Wolfen and
his clone to be a pain in the ass. "I hope the others are managing well with the dragon
clones."
I turn to look at everyone's fights with the various dragons. To my joy, everyone is doing
well, seeing several of the dragons were injured and no one on my side was dead was a good
sign of progress.
I then finally decide to check my stats.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord
Race: Ę̸̰͓̙̄ R̴͙̻̫̞̂̎̿͒̎̿͋͆̑̇̚͝ͅ Ŗ̴̭̦͋ͅ Ơ̵̡͔͍̜̝̱̓̓̔̄ Ŗ̸͍̜̤̤̞̘͚̹̬̻͆̉͗͊̊͑̀̉̌̊̚͜͝
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 318
HP: 979,840 (97984 per minute)
MP: 925,680 (92568 per minute)

SP: 559,880 (55988 per minute)
AP: 830,280 (83028 per minute)
VIT: 24,496
STR: 31,492
DEX: 27,994
END: 25,132
INT: 24,814
WIS: 27,676
MAG: 30,856
LUK: 24,496
CHA: 26,404
Credits: 5,007,747,403 Credits
I smile at seeing all of the absurd numbers. "This will be a piece of cake." I extend
the [Susanoo's] wings and fly towards the closest dragon I see.
"[Moon Dragon's Roar]!" I launched the spell at Skiadrum and his shadow abilities which
were a pain for the Fairy Tail mages fighting him, who were thankful for the assist, with the
blast destroying the fake Shadow Dragon's body instantly.
With no time to waste, I move to the next closest dragon.
"[Fire Dragon's Brilliant Flame]!" I roared as I launched a powerful fire attack at
Metalicana, saving the [Thunder God Tribe] who were starting to get exhausted as the
flames incinerated the Iron Dragon.
I quickly moved towards Acnologia, who was being held in a choke hold by Brandish with
multiple thorny vines binding it.
However, Acnologia quickly breaks from its bindings and uses its tail to grab Brandish's neck
and throws her back. He then turns to Seilah and opens its mouth, gathering magical energy
as it prepares to kill her in one attack.
Seilah stares defiantly as the dragon fires before a massive shadow appears and blocks the
attack.
The Queen of the Underworld smiles as she instantly recognizes the massive construct.
"Asmodeus-sama."
The [Susanoo] shields her from the attack while also absorbing its magic until it's gone.

Skill Level Up!
[Void Dragon Slayer LVL. 10/10]
"How would you like a taste of your own medicine? [Void Dragon Roar]!" I breathe out a
black tempest that consumes the Black Dragon of the Apocalypse, leaving nothing.
I look down at Seilah. "Get Brandish and group up with the others." I said and quickly flew
away.
From there, I fly across the battlefield, destroying every dragon I come across with relative
ease in succession.
I rip Weisslogia's head off.
I plunge my sword through Belserion's chest.
I turned Metalicana into ashes.
I clip Grandeeny's wings and crush her head.
I sliced Igneel into tiny pieces.
I force fed Irene [Dark Matter] and let it consume her from the inside.
I glance at the wizards below, all of them featuring expressions of pure disgust and shock. I
could have sworn I heard one of them say "damn" or "he just killed them like they were
nothing", but I didn't have time to contemplate and move towards my last target.
Team Natsu along with Laxus, Mirajane, and Jellal are having a tough time against both Ignia
and Mercphobia, who have spontaneously teamed up against Fairy Tail's heavy hitters.
"Damn… these guys are strong. They certainly live up to the title of 'god'." Laxus comments.
"If it wasn't for Wendy and Irene, we would all be dead." Jellal adds.
The two dragons pull their necks back as power begins to gather in their mouths.
"Shit…! If we get hit with that, we'll be dead for sure!" Gray exclaims.
However, before they can fire, black hands grab their necks and plunge them straight to the
ground.
The fairies look up to see the [Susanoo] holding down the two dragons.
"You guys look like you could use a hand." I said.
"Yeah! What took you so long!?" Laxus yelled.
"Well, I had to help the others with their dragon problem. And besides, the hero always
shows up at the last minute to save the day." I said.

Everyone sweat drops at the response. "So cringy…"
"So cool!" Natsu exclaims with stars in his eyes.
"Now then," I raise the two "gods" by their necks and have them meet my gaze. "I think you
both overstayed your welcome." He activates [Nemesis].
The two dragons roar in agony as their bodies are ripped apart to a microscopic level,
spreading throughout their bodies until their nothing but masses of darkness. The mass then
grows smaller as they are absorbed into the black giant until there is nothing left.
Skill acquired!
[Water Dragon Slayer LVL. 10/10]
[Sky Dragon Slayer LVL. 10/10]
[Iron Dragon Slayer LVL. 10/10]
'All of the skills I got so far have been maxed out. Why is that?' I asked.
[It's because you're absorbing them from powerful individuals who've had absolute
mastery over them. Since all of our opponents were extensions of Aldoron, a dragon
empowered by a Chaos Emerald, the excess energy must have gone to the skills you
took and max them out]
I dismiss the [Susanoo] and watch as the guild converges around me.
"You did it, Asmodeus." Erza said.
"No, we did it. All of us." I corrected her.
[Technically, we're the ones who delivered the finishing blow but sure, share the credit]
I ignore the system as I continue speaking. "You all showed impressive work standing up to
those dragons. As Laxus said, they were among the strongest dragons to ever exist, which
makes this quite the accomplishment." I look around at everyone. "Each of you has come a
long way since the Tartaros and Alvarez war. You've all cemented the name Fairy Tail to the
whole world: a guild that succeeds at the impossible."
"We couldn't have done it without you, Asmodeus-kun," Mira said with her signature
beautiful smile.
"Mira-nee is right," Lisanna said. "It was thanks to you that we got our [Auras] unlocked and
many of us got our [Semblances], something nobody even knew had EXISTED before!"
"ASMODEUS IS A REAL MAN!" Elfman shouts proudly.
"Ehehehe…" I sweat drop at Elfman's proclamation.

"Not to mention many of us owe you our lives, in some cases literally given how many of us
you revived, myself included." Gildarts admits with a smile. "We wouldn't be here without
you, kid!"
"You were amazing, Asmodeus-kun! To be able to do so much and go so far for us. We can
never truly repay you, though I intend to try." Cana said in a husky tone.
This made Gildarts' attitude change instantly. "Forget what I said! I'm gonna kill you, brat!"
However, before he can do anything, Cana proceeds to kick her old man in the head.
"Knock it off already!" Cana yelled.
"As I expected from you, Asmodeus-sama!" Seilah spoke in a proud tone.
"Asmodeus-sama~, you truly are a man without equal! We never could have gotten through
this without you! ~Uwa, you do the impossible and do miracles so well, as expected of my
one true soulmate~," Brandish squealed as she gave me a tight hug and a kiss on the cheek,
pressing her large breasts tightly against his chest, causing most of the Fairy Tail Mages to
sweatdrop. 'She is exactly like Juvia!' though this didn't stop most of the males from glaring
at Asmodeus in jealousy.
"Your capabilities and accomplishments are without equal, my love!" Irene purred in a
seductive tone as she hugged me from behind.
"I couldn't believe it if I didn't see it with my own eyes." Ur said in awe. "I was right to trust
and join you, Azzy-kun!"
"Hey Asmodeus, fight me!" Natsu eagerly asked.
"AT LEAST LET THE MAN REST BEFORE YOU CHALLENGE HIM TO A FIGHT!"
Lucy yelled.
"That's just Natsu for ya~" Happy shrugged.
"Thank you, Asmodeus. For everything," Gray stated in a grateful tone.
"I've never seen anything like that before! You were incredible!" Wendy said in admiration.
"We were truly lucky to have crossed paths with you, Asmodeus-kun," Erza said. "You
showed the spirit of a real member of Fairy Tail!"
"Indeed," Makarov said. "Asmodeus, after everything you've done, you have more than
earned a place in Fairy Tail! Even if you decline, we will always recognize you as one of us!"
There was a chorus of agreements from everyone present.
+100 Reputation with Fairy Tail (100/100)
"I appreciate all the thanks, guys," I sheepishly replied, before turning more serious. "But we
can't drop our guard just yet. We still have to deal with that bastard Aldoron himself."

"So, you've defeated all of my God Trees. I suppose congratulations are in order."
"Speak of the devil." I turn around to the empty battlefield. "Nice to finally join us, Aldoron.
I hope you enjoyed the show, we worked very hard to make it good."
"Your celebrations are premature. In the end, you will all share the same fate as those
who have come before you."
My eyes narrow. "Enough. Why don't you stop beating around the bush and come out of
hiding?" I smirk. "Unless, of course, you're afraid of us."
Loud winds reminiscent of laughter echoes throughout the area.
"What's so funny?" I ask.
"I'm curious. Why are you focused on empty space when you should be looking right
behind you?"
I look confused before my eyes widen and quickly turn around… and I wish I didn't.
In front of me was Fairy Tail, their bodies pierced by a sea of sharp spikes in various places.
Their faces express various forms of shock and pain as blood rolls off every orifice
imaginable.
They're dead.
"No…" I look to see Irene, Brandish, and all the other girls all dead.
Even with [Gamer's Mind] trying to keep me calm, a stray tear still manages to escape.
"Do you see? There was no need for me to fight. After all,"
*SQUELCH!*
"Guh!" I groan as a sharp wooden blade runs through my chest.
"This is my body, where my will is law." Aldoron said, emerging from the ground holding its
blade arm out.
I turn my neck back slowly to give the dragon a one-eyed glare. "Aldoron…!"
"You foolish abomination," Aldoron smugly began. "You and your friends never had a
chance to begin with, given that they stood against the Dragon God Emperor. Their fate was
sealed the moment they chose to oppose me, you simply prolonged the inevitable. It's a
shame to let such valuable nutrients go to waste, but I can simply get more as I take my
rightful place in the world and force humanity and the other Dragon God's to bend to my
will."
"Is that… all you see humans as….? Your playthings…?" A female voice grabs our attention
and we turn to see Ur and Cana with spikes running through their bodies, but very much

alive.
"How…?" I was too bewildered by the sight.
[It's Fairy Heart. The magic originated from Mavis' Contradiction Curse, which means
that anyone who inherits Fairy Heart would also get her curse by default, although it
seems that they don't suffer any of the drawbacks]
The [Contradiction Curse], of course! The curse would keep them alive no matter the
injury.
Dammit! Now I want to hit my head against the moon for forgetting something so crucial!
"Of course, all mortals should bask in the presence of gods." Aldoron firmly said.
"You are… such an arrogant prick. No wonder you're so alone." Cana remarks.
"I need no one." Aldoron told her.
"But you do. Why else would you go through the trouble of creating cities on top of your
body? Even in your slumber, you still desire companions. You desire that connection that
Acnologia took away from you." Ur argues.
"Silence!" Aldoron launches more wood spears.
*SQUELCH!*
The spears run through both Cana and Ur's heads.
"!" My eyes widen as I watch their bodies fall soundlessly on the ground.
"I will admit, I was surprised that they survived. Perhaps I will dissect them once I absorb
their magic." Aldoron comments.
"You won't get away with this." I snarl, [Gamer's Mind] working overtime to keep me in
check. "You had a chance to be better like the Water Dragon God, but there's no point in
wasting breath on a piece of shit like you." More and more energy begins to exude from my
body as my eyes glow with rage. "I WILL KILL YOU!"
*BOOM!*
The area explodes as Aldoron is sent flying before being grabbed and pummeled to the
ground.
"GRAAAAAAAAAAA!" I roar as [Chaos Energy] builds up more and more with each blow
I deliver to the god.
"!" The avatar blasts me with a super-charged air cannon, sending the abomination straight to
the sky.

Aldoron grunts as the abomination takes on a new form, a form seemingly composed of the
same energy he has absorbed, albeit on a smaller scale.
"You are a bag of tricks, abomination. Each of your forms are more despicable than the last."
Aldoron remarks. "Still, you should thank me. Because of me, you have ascended to a level
beyond any mortal on this planet, and all it took were the lives of your so-called friends."
"...!" Electricity builds up as my body produces more energy, creating a shockwave that
eradicates all of the clouds in the sky.
[... ey! Snap out of it!]
I blink at the shout from inside my head.
[Finally! I thought I would never get through! Are you seriously trying to destroy this
world by letting that tree have his way with you!? For a second there, I thought you
were going to transform into a dragon]
"!" I let out a small gasp as I realized what I almost did.
[I know you just saw your childhood heroes being killed and it hurts, but there's no
need to spiral out of control like this. I mean, your clones did a better job at maintaining
their emotions and they don't even have {Gamer's Mind} for crying out loud!]
"... sorry." I whispered.
[It's okay. Besides, we still have one more trick that dear ol' papa tree hasn't seen yet]
"...! You're right. There is a way." I said.
Aldoron watches as the abomination descends from the sky and land just a few feet away
from him
"What's this? Are you seeing the futility of your defiance?" Aldoron asks.
I deactivate [Chaos Mode] and stare at Aldoron square in the eyes. "I still intend on killing
you."
Aldoron simply laughed. "Kill me? You still spout such nonsense!? My power defies
comprehension and logic, you idiotic abomination. That new form of yours couldn't even
scratch me!" He crosses his arms and gives me a smug smirk. "But sure, go ahead. Let's see
how exactly you will slay me."
I open my [Inventory] and pull out the platinum [Stand Arrow].
This just makes Aldoron laugh. "That's it? An arrow? You think you can kill me with a
measly arrow!? What are you going to do with it!? Stab me through the heart!?"
"Not yours." I summon [Payback] and he takes the arrow. "Mine."

Aldoron's eyes widened as he senses the insane power and quickly moves to intercept.
... but he's too late.
"[Payback]!" The [Stand] stabs itself in the chest with the arrow in the exact same manner I
stabbed myself when I first got my [Stand].
Almost immediately, there's a massive surge of power followed by an explosion of blinding
light.
"AHHH!" Aldoron is blown back by the sheer exertion of power.
"Ah… ah… ah…!" I can feel my body burning from the inside, breaking apart piece by piece
while also healing it.
Even [Gamer's Body] couldn't stop the pain, it's impossible!
'What has he done?' Aldoron thought as he eyed the arrow on the abomination's chest. 'This
energy… what is it?'
The arrow is sucked into the spirit's chest and as it slithers in, cracks begin to form as its body
seemingly falls apart.
"T-This is…!" Aldoron's eyes widen as he can see the spirit beside the abomination as well
something else.
Something that kills gods.
"NO!" Aldoron charges at the abomination. "[Gaia Fist]!" He delivers a powerful haymaker
at the spirit's head, causing its helmet to break into pieces as well as the abomination's own
head to split open.
The energy stops as the two fall to the ground, seemingly dead.
Aldoron smirks triumphant, however, he still senses life energy coming from them.
"You still persist!? [Wood Dragon Roar]!" Aldoron unleashes his signature roar at them
point-blank, leveling a good portion of the area.
Yet what he found on the ground wasn't a corpse, but some kind of outer shell.
"What!? Where are they!?" Aldoron looks around and sees nothing before looking up and he
couldn't believe what he's seeing.
Floating just above him is the abomination looking down on him, but what quickly draws his
attention is the figure standing next to him.
It was a humanoid male with its torso primarily black that goes all the way down to its legs. It
wears white boots with gold trimmings that reach up to its knees and has red marks that start
from its solar plexus to its pelvis. It has two different arms; one mechanical and one organic.

The right one is a robotic arm made of shiny gold while the left is demonic in appearance
with its fingertips emitting a familiar black glow. Its head is shrouded in a red hood that
extends all the way to its feet leaving no way for others to see its eyes and has a white
mechanical face. There is also a green crescent halo levitating just above the back of its head.
Overall, it's a bizarre existence, but Aldoron can see this thing's true nature.
A transcendental, impossible paradox given an anthropomorphic, corporeal form. The
embodiment of "infinite possibilities".
Aldoron was afraid… and he HATES IT!
But before the avatar can do anything, the spirit raises its golden right arm, with a couple of
pebbles following suit.
"What are you-?" But before he can finish, he suddenly feels something off followed by the
loud sounds of something crashing in the background. When he looks down, Aldoron sees
that he now has several holes in his body, which weren't there just a second ago.
"Huh…?" A bewildered Aldoron couldn't comprehend what just happened.
Unknown to him, the pebbles glow and grow, transforming into vicious-looking tigers.
"!" Aldoron senses the lifeforms behind him but he is too slow and the tigers pounce and
viciously tear his wooden body apart.
Aldoron had quickly reforms his avatar and quickly disposes of the tigers, though he now
bears an annoyed expression.
"Do you really think a cheap parlor trick like that will be enough to kill me, abomination?"
Aldoron arrogantly mocked. "I am the WOOD DRAGON GOD EMPEROR, you fool! To
think a part of me was worried back there!"
However, much to his annoyance, the abomination didn't seem the least bit deterred.
"Ho? You think that was meant to kill you? That's cute." I said with a smile. "If I were you, I
would be paying attention to what's in front of you."
"[Dragon Slayer's Secret Art: Crimson Lotus: Exploding Flame Blade]!" Aldoron is
suddenly wrapped in long torrents of flames that throw him into the air, trapping him in a
spiral of fire and explosions.
"[Ice Devil's Zeroth Destruction Bow]!" An ice arrow flies through the spiral at high speeds
and pierces through Aldoron, freezing him in an instant.
As the frozen body falls to the ground and shatters, a new avatar emerges only to be shocked
as he sees FAIRY TAIL standing defiantly before him, alive and well.
"Impossible!" The Wood Dragon God Emperor exclaims in shock and horror.

"Like I told Wolfen early," Aldoron sees the abomination descending next to the other
humans. "Your chances of winning are lower than zero."
"How are they all alive!? I killed them!" Aldoron demands.
Natsu was just confused and turned to Gray. "We died?"
"Don't look at me. I'm just as lost as you." Gray said.
"I do remember feeling pain and then it was gone." Lisanna adds.
"No! I'm too cute to die!" Happy yelled.
"You're not dead, you stupid cat!" Lucy yelled.
Irene cringes at the thought. "I would rather not be dead. Dying the first time isn't exactly
pleasant."
"On that, we can totally agree, Irene-san." Ur shudders as she recalls all the deaths from the
people that compose her, including her own.
"Oh no, please tell me we didn't die again!" Gildarts groaned. "The first time was bad
enough, especially since I didn't get that lap dance from those winged babes!"
"Shut the hell up, old man! Only you would think that's the worst part about dying!" Cana
yells while kicking her father's head.
"No! Juvia can't die yet! Juvia hasn't married Gray-sama or had sex with him yet!" Juvia
yelled in horror, causing the people around her to sweat drop and Gray to blush in
embarrassment.
"I know, right?! I still need to marry and make love to Asmodeus-sama before I can even
consider dying!" Brandish agreed with a terrified expression, causing the sweat drops that
those surrounding her and Juvia had to get larger.
"I don't feel like I'm dead or remember dying." Mira said in confusion.
"Nor do I." Erza agreed.
"Asmodeus-sama, is what he is saying true? Were we all dead?" Seilah asked me, causing
everyone's attention to shift towards me.
"Unfortunately, yes." I confirmed, shocking and horrifying everyone. "But don't worry, it's all
good now."
"How...?" Irene asks.
"I altered reality, changing cause and effect so that you can live." I replied, making everyone's
eyes comically wider than ever.

"You... you changed reality? Changed their fate!?" Aldoron just gets angrier. "That power
only belongs to a god!"
"Wait, so we DID die!?" Macao exclaims.
"And you reversed our deaths?! Is that even possible?!" Jellal yelled in shock.
"Apparently so for this guy." Laxus shrugs.
"I'm too handsome to die!" Wakaba adds.
"That's so cool!" Romeo cheered.
"Asmodeus is a REAL man!" Elfman shouts.
"What does that have to do with anything?!" Lucy yells.
"You... you changed reality? Changed their fate!?" Aldoron just gets angrier. "That power
only belongs to a god!"
I turn to the golem with a cold stare. "You're no god, just a disillusioned scum on a power
trip."
Massive roots rise from the grounds, each of them razor sharp and throws them at him. "Just
die!"
… only for the roots to vanish!
"!?" Aldoron blinks in shock, what just happened!? He doesn't waste any time and unleashes
a mass multitude of extremely sharp thorns in all directions at the guild before the same thing
happens again!
"MUDA!" The Stand punches Aldoron, shattering his body into a million pieces.
"... Irene. Get everyone off the dragon now." I ordered, which surprised the guild.
"What!? You can't be serious!?" Laxus yells, with the majority sharing the same sentiment.
"We can help you fight!" Cana exclaims.
"I'm sorry. But I can't let you all be part of this any longer. You all already died once…" I
point out, making everyone flinch.
Natsu, however, steps forward. "Well, I'm staying! Don't even bother telling me otherwise!"
"Us, too." Gray adds with the rest of Team Natsu by his side. "This is our quest, remember?
We won't get paid if you do all the heavy lifting."
[It's no use trying to convince them. They're the most knuckleheaded of the bunch]
"Fine. Just don't slow me down, snow globe." I smirked.

"Who are you calling snow globe, lizard face!?" Gray yells at Natsu.
"I don't say anything, dumbass!" Natsu snaps back.
[Look at what you did now]
"Heh."
"Knock it off you two!" Erza scolded Natsu and Gray, both sporting two bumps on their
heads from where she hit them. "We're facing off against a threat like no other, and who
apparently already succeeded in killing us once! We need to take this seriously!"
"Erza is right! It will take everything we have to beat Aldoron!" Lucy exclaims.
Aldoron slowly reemerges and I turn to Irene. "Get them out of here, now!"
Irene nods. "All of you must come back alive, alright?" She taps her staff and everything
teleports away.
I activate [Duplicate] and conjure a clone. "You know what to do. Now go."
The clone nods before opening a tear and walking into it.
"What was that about?" Natsu asks.
"You'll see." I said before turning to the Exceeds. "Can I count on you two to help?"
"What kind of question is that? Of course." Carla huffs but smiles.
"Aye sir!" Happy exclaims as he and Carla help their respective dragon slayers.
Aldoron glares at the eight creatures who continue to defy him. "Eight or thirty. It makes no
difference."
"Trust me. The eight of us are more than enough." Gray said.
"You have hurt us, used our deepest fears against us." She transforms in her [Nakagami
Armor]. "And now, you shall face your fears tonight, villain!"
I smack my hands together before throwing them outwards, causing everyone's [Auras] to
flare with a more intense color.
"What's going on…?" Lucy comments as she sees everyone, including herself, glowing
brightly.
Aldoron realizes what is happening and dashes towards Asmodeus with his arms raised, only
to find Natsu's face suddenly inches from his. "!?"
"[Fire Dragon Iron Fist]!" He delivers a fire-infused punch at the avatar, causing the body
to suddenly become ashes to pieces the moment they collide.

"Huh…!?" Even Natsu is confused by what just happened.
"Wow! Since when can you do that, Natsu?" Happy asks.
"I don't know." Natsu then looks around. "Wait, how did I get here? I thought I was over
there!"
"It's because of the enchantments I gave you." I said, making everyone turn their attention to
me.
"You know [Enchant Magic]?" Wendy asked.
"Of course." I replied. "Remember what I told you a while back? Whenever my clones are
dispelled, whatever knowledge and experience they collected is immediately transferred to
me. My clone helped you and the others fight Doom. And when he drained him of his
powers, he took all of his power and knowledge, among them being Irene's extensive
expertise and mastery in [Enchant Magic] and [Sage Dragon Slayer Magic]."
"So wait, you saying you used [Enchantments] on all of us to make us stronger?" Gray
asked for clarification.
"I thought that was already obvious considering what Natsu just did, but pretty much." I said.
"Let's face it, Aldoron is simply too powerful for any of you to handle directly even with the
additional aid of [Aura] and [Semblances]. Your deaths have cemented this." I explained.
"So, I casted [Enchantments] on you all so that you can all fight Aldoron at equal ground."
The members of Team Natsu flinch at the reminder of their deaths. Even if they don't
remember, their bodies still remember the phantom pain of their deaths.
Wendy was bewildered by just how potent Asmodeus' [Enchantments] were compared to
her own.
'Looks like I still have a long way to go.' She thought.
"We will make sure to put this show of faith to good use, and we won't let you down after
everything you've done for us, Asmodeus." Erza reassured me in a grateful tone.
I nod. "Here, I have something else for you and Gray."
The two wizards look at each other as their friend summons a portal and pulls out two
swords, one Gray was already familiar with.
"The [Devil Sword Sparda] and the [Blue Sister]. These will help you immensely." I said
giving the weapons to the two. "I already augmented them, so they pack quite the punch."
'His casting speed already exceeds mine and Irene-san's!' Wendy mentally exclaims. While
Irene is capable of casting the majority of her spells without chanting, she still had to use her
eyes to cast on her target. Asmodeus seemingly only has to think of his target to enchant
them. 'Awesome…'

Gray unsheathes [Blue Sister] and marvels at the ice blade. "It's beautiful."
"Just don't cut yourself with it, or you'll be an instant ice sculpture." I warned him.
Erza does a few test swings on the [Sparda] and, while she doesn't approve much of its
freshy appearance, she admits that this is a good sword.
Natsu suddenly appears in my vision. "Hey, can I get a sword, too?"
"What happened to the one I gave you?"
"... I lost them. Hehe." Natsu sheepishly admits. "I'm sorry!"
"..." I glare at the [Salamander] who tries to make himself look small.
Aldoron reforms, but this time he came with an army of clones.
"... what do you think, Gray?" I turn to the [Ice-Make] wizard. "Wanna give your new toy a
little test drive?"
Gray smiles. "With pleasure." He puts right leg forward and left leg back causing the ground
to crack before dashing forward at impossible speeds, leaving only a cyan blurr.
The Aldoron clones all attack the superpowered wizard, but the attacks simply bounce off
his [Aura] like rubber balls.
They don't have time to react and Gray swings his sword in an arc, freezing all of the clones
in an instant, front and back.
"Wow." Gray marvels as the frozen bodies all shatter before turning his attention to [Blue
Sister]. "I think you're my new favorite."
Erza charges the field, slaying all of the clones with her Halbert and the [Sparda] with
relative ease. The clones attempt to dogpile on her, but they are all quickly destroyed by the
Titania's expert swordsmanship.
"Ha, at this rate, Aldoron is gonna be a piece of cake!" Natsu exclaimed.
"Aye!" Happy said.
"Don't let your guard down for a minute, you two!" Lucy scolded. "The last thing we need is
to die from being too arrogant!"
As Lucy was saying this, the ground began to rumble, putting all of them on high alert.
Suddenly, the ground burst open and a massive serpentine dragon that was easily twice as
long as Mercphobia made of wood burst out.
"Oh great, a massive Dragon God producing a smaller wood dragon just to kill us? Real
original, Aldoron." I rolled my eyes.

"Insolent scum!" Aldoron's voice roared from the serpent dragon. "For your arrogant defiance
and sins against the Wood Dragon God Emperor, prepare to be destroyed!"
The serpent-like avatar gathers energy from its mouth and fires it at us, triggering a massive
explosion.
Aldoron's confident that they're now dead, on for the smoke to clear to not only the area
struck was completely devoid of all damage, but abomination and its human pets completely
gone.
"Show yourselves!" Aldoron orders as his avatar looks around frantically before its large
body is thrown back by something colliding with it. The hit was so strong that it ripped the
serpent from the ground, letting it fly for a few seconds before crashing with a loud thud.
"Guh!" Aldoron grunts before its body breaks down.
"I am getting sick and tired of this crap." I said, my [Stand] fist stretched out. "This bastard
just doesn't know when to quit, but then again, it's because of him that I leveled up this much.
And admittedly, the reason for your rebirth."
"..." The [Stand] says nothing.
I look at my spirit. "You know, I just realized I haven't given you a new name yet. It's pretty
much tradition to give evolved [Stands] a different name." I looked at the humanoid spirit for
a moment. " Hm… you're similar to [Gold Experience Requiem] but your potential is like
that of [World Over Heaven]..." I snap my fingers as I get an idea. "That's it! From now on,
you will be known as [Payback Over Requiem]!"
Name: Payback Over Requiem
Destructive Power: ?
Speed: ?
Range: ?
Durability: ?
Precision: ?
Development Power: ?
The newly renamed [Stand] stares at me and says nothing, but I felt a sense of acceptance
radiating from it as I call out the name.
"Uh, Asmodeus? Who are you talking to?" Happy's cute voice catches me off guard while the
rest of Team Natsu gives me an odd look.
"Oh, just my friend here." I gestured to my [Stand].

"Right..." Happy said since he can't see my [Stand].
The majority of the team just look at me funny... except for Wendy.
"You have a gohst possessing you, too?!" Wendy exclaims.
"More or less, yeah. I'll explain later." I replied.
Suddenly, the ground begins to shake violently.
"Great. Now what's that bastard planning now?" Gray said as he and the others got ready to
fight.
The damage to the area becomes undone as the ground rejuvenates and blooms with new life.
"What's going on?" Lucy asks before a shadow suddenly looms over everything.
The group turns to see an incredibly long neck rising from the horizon as it stands above the
heavens.
"It's Aldoron. He's regenerating, but its too soon." I said.
The Wood Dragon God Emperor roars, signaling its return to the world.
"You over reached yourselves." Everyone turns to see a mouth forming from one of the
revitalized trees. "You've all played right into my hand."
Erza points the [Sparda] at the tree. "Explain yourself this instant!"
"You stupid humans are so easy to distract and misdirect. While you were all focused on my
Avatars, I discovered a shortcut to speeding up my recovery and becoming more powerful
than ever, all thanks to one of your comrades." Aldoron states.
"!" Everyone's eyes widened.
"What have you done!?" Erza demands.
"You tried so desperately to get your comrades away from me that you never realized the
futility of it. My influence extends beyond my physical limits. I can manipulate all plants on
this planet." A large flower bud rises from the ground. "Your friend here provided me with
the means to become more powerful. "And with it, not only have I fully recovered, but my
power will continue to grow without limit! I suppose I should thank the Abomination and
his [Semblances]."
My eyes widen as I turn to the large bud as it opens, revealing a restrained and unconscious
Mirajane Strauss.
"Mira!"
"Mira-san!"

"Damnit!" Gray cursed.
"Oi! What the hell do you think you're doing!?" Natsu demands.
"She is quite lovely, isn't she? Her ability to multiply anyone's power is quite fascinating.
And the more power she has, the more she can multiply for others." Aldoron states. "I will
assimilate her to my body, and then I will become even more powerful than ever!"
"Give Mira back to us, you bastard!" Natsu yells as he flies forward in a burst of flames, only
to get smacked away by a large tree root and crashes hard on the ground.
"Natsu!" Wendy, Lucy, and Happy rush towards him.
I narrow my eyes at the tree. "... you won't get away with this."
"You're already too late. She is already mine." The large bud closes and descends back to the
ground. "But I am a fair god. You are the first creatures to even reach this point and as such, I
will leave you all with a parting gift." Thousands of Aldoron clones emerge from
everywhere. "Now, enjoy your trip to oblivion."
As Team Natsu prepares to fight off the army of clones, a tearing sound is heard. When they
turn to look, a portal opens and out comes one of my clones
"Jeez, what happened here?" My clone asked in a snarky tone. "An evil tree deity producing
an army of clones to fight on its behalf? This feels like a page out of the Ten-Tails'
playbook."
"Enough of the wisecrack remarks," I replied, too determined to get Mirajane back to put up
with banter. "You brought what I asked for?"
"Do you really need to ask?" My clone answered with a smirk. "P.S. Lamy wants you to visit
later."
"Foolish abomination, you think a clone will make a difference now?" Aldoron mockingly
asked. "My victory is all but guaranteed and my power will forever be unchallenged after I
dispose of you!"
As Team Natsu gets ready to face the army, they are all caught off-guard by the sounds of
laughter.
"You really need to do something about that narcissism and God-complex, Aldoron." I
retorted. " While it is true a single Chaos Emerald can grant power like no other, did you
really think that's enough? Or did you think there was only EVER ONE!?"
As I said this, my clone immediately hands me the green Chaos Emerald before dispelling,
with everyone being shocked at the revelation.
"It… cannot be." Even Aldoron did not see this coming.

"Oh, but it is." I said as my Chaos Emerald glows brighter, causing me to change into
my [Chaos Mode] as the sudden energy surge ripped the remains of my shirt and coat off,
leaving me completely shirtless and my chest bare for all to see. My hair becomes more spiky
and gains green highlights at the tips.
"Wow." I mutter as I look at my hand with green lighting dancing at my fingertips. "This
feels way different than when my clone did it."
[It seems that different emeralds have different effects on you]
Team Natsu watches in awe at his new form and energy he's outputting.
Lucy, Wendy, and Carla blush tomato red and practically drool. Even Erza found herself
forgetting about Jellal as she was too mesmerized by Asmodeus' new appearance. 'He's so
handsome…'
"Whoa, Asmodeus got a new look!" Natsu exclaimed in astonishment, before noticing the
expression of the girls. "Hey Lucy and Erza, why are your faces so red and drool coming out
of your mouth?"
This immediately broke all the girls out of their shock as they immediately looked away in
embarrassment.
Aldoron, however, was livid.
"Impossible!" Aldoron yelled in outrage. "This cannot be! I will not allow a filthy mortal like
yourself to acquire such power, let alone stop me!"
Immediately after said proclamation, a massive army of Aldoron clones appeared.
Everyone was immediately on guard.
"Damn it, this isn't good!" Gray scowled in frustration.
"Wah, I don't wanna die again!" Happy yelled in fear.
"Stop panicking you idiot!" Carla scolded her fellow exceed.
"It's gonna take more than this to beat us, you bastard! I'm all fired up!" Natsu exclaimed in
determination.
"Easy for you to say, Natsu!" Lucy screamed.
"We won't go down without a fight, Aldoron!" Erza yelled in a firm tone.
"ATTACK!" Aldoron orders and the clones obey.
Only for all of the clones, and the Aldoron tree, to be engulfed in an energy blast, turning
them into ashes.

"Have no fear," Everyone looks up to see Ur and Cana flying above. "Because the sexy
heroines have come!"
[Well, she's not wrong about the sexy bit]
We watch the two land and I quickly walk towards them.
"It's good to see you girls alright, but what happened? How did Aldoron get his hands
on Mira?" I asked.
The two users of [Fairy Heart] look at each other before turning back to me. "I'm sorry. It
just happened so quickly."
"Just tell us from the beginning." Erza said.
Flashback
The guild along with Irene, Seilah, and Brandish appear on a cliffside only for everyone to be
wrapped in large vines.
"We teleported far away from the dragon god, but it didn't seem to matter because he was
already waiting for us." Ur explains.
Aldoron rises from the ground and approaches Mirajane. Irene and Seilah quickly break out
and attack the avatar, but before the attacks connect he sinks into the ground along with
Mirajane.
"Erza's mom and that Tartaros chick manage to break free and attack Aldoron, but he was
too fast for them and got away, along with Mira-chan." Cana adds.
Flashback ends
"That's when we saw the dragon back on his feet and quickly rushed here, and the rest you
already know." Ur said.
"Yeah. That bastard's using Mira like a battery to get stronger! I thought he needed humans
for that." Natsu said.
"There's also something else you need to know." Ur said, grabbing their attention.
"What is it, sensei?" Gray asked.
"It seems the wood dragon god is heading towards a nearby city." Ur reveals, shocking
everyone. "And at the rate he's moving, he'll arrive at the outskirts in ten minutes."
"Then there's no time to waste." I said before more Aldoron clones appear.
"Dammit! I'm getting sick and tired of this crap!" Gray yells out.

"The only possible way to put an end to this is to head directly into Aldoron's heart, the literal
center of his power!" Ur states.
"Then that's objective." I raise my emerald. "I'll use [Chaos Control] to get into
Aldoron's heart. The emeralds are attracted to one another like magnets. So, if I
channel my desire to find the emerald, it should take me directly to it."
[Makes you wonder why Sonic or his pals never thought of using that tactic to collect
the emeralds faster. Would have saved them a lot of time against Eggman]
"Well, what are ya waiting for!? Let's go!" Natsu exclaims as he wraps his arm around my
shoulders. "Let's rescue Mira!"
"Go. We'll take care of them while you're gone." Erza tells them.
I nod. "Alright." I glance at Natsu. "You better hang on tight." He raises the emerald
upwards. "[Chaos Control]!"
The group watches as the duo vanish in a flash of light as an army of clones march towards
them.
"They better hurry." Gray says as he takes a sword stance with [Blue Sister].
"Good luck, you two." Lucy as she raises one of her keys.
A flash of light appears in a tunnel and Natsu and I appear.
Natsu looks around and sees green light coming from the tunnel walls. "What is this place?"
I place my hand at the wall's surface. "I'm gonna garner a guess and say this is an artery,
although instead of transporting blood, it transports magic power."
"Okay, but how do we get to the heart and find Mira?" Natsu asks.
I point to the opposite end of the tunnel. "We simply have to follow where the energy is
being sent from."
With that, the two of us run through the opposite side of the tunnel and quickly see a light.
When we reach it, we find ourselves inside a massive chamber with a large circular fleshy
tumor hanging in the middle with cables connecting it to the roof. However, our attention is
quickly drawn towards Mira who was crucified on a wooden wall with vines stabbing
themselves on her otherwise perfect skin as they seem to be injecting her with something.
Beside her is the purple Chaos Emerald encased in some kind of flask with vines wrapped
around its surface and draining it of energy.
"MIRA!" Natsu quickly rushes to her but is quickly ensnared completely by vines and bound
to the floor.
He ignites himself to try and break free, but the vines are resistant to his fire.

"Natsu!" I call out in worry.
[This is giving me some serious deja vu vibes]
"You have done well to make it this far, but I'm afraid playtime is over." Something emerges
from the growth as a familiar face becomes visible.
"Aldoron!" Natsu yells.
Aldoron descends on the two. "I did not expect to make it here so quickly. I presume this has
something to do with your Chaos Emerald."
"What have you done to Mira?" Natsu demands.
Aldoron turns to her captives. "I merely get her a chance to ascend."
"Less vagueness and more clarity." I ordered.
Aldoron narrows his eyes at me. "I have watched all of your battles with my seeds and
though I was disappointed in their performance, their tenacity proved to yield some fruit, or
rather… you did." He states. "These [Auras] and [Semblances] as you call them, are unlike
anything I have witnessed in my long life. A power that is not magical in origin, it is simply
unfeasible as all life exists because of magic. But what caught my eye was the power this
woman displayed." He turns to Mira. "She has the ability to boost her own power and pass
that onto others, making them more powerful. Such an ability is what helped me accelerate
my restoration and what increased my power tenfold!"
"Okay… you got what you wanted, so why is she still here?" I ask, already getting an idea
why she has her wired like this and I don't like it.
"I am currently injecting a concoction of my cells and [Chaos Energy] into her bloodstream,
overwriting her basic genetic material. She will become the first of a new generation of God
Trees." Aldoron responds.
"W-What!?" Even Natsu's shocked by the reveal.
[Gamer's Mind] begins to lose its effect as I become more enraged and fire a blast
of [Chaos Energy] from my mouth at Aldoron.
"Impressive. You are becoming more acclimated to your new form." Aldoron walks out of
the smoke, his body already finished regenerating.
I let go of the emerald, but instead of falling, it orbits around me like a moon.
I throw my arms back, letting gather power before throwing them as projectiles and then
launch myself at him.
Aldoron blocks the shots but gets quickly assaulted by the abomination, who delivers a
powerful jab that shakes the entire chamber from the collision. The avatar doesn't have time
to defend as he is bombarded with a barrage of heavy hits that tear his body to pieces!

"Im… posi-" Aldoron mutters before his head is completely destroyed.
Natsu notices the emerald in the flask glowing, seemingly reacting to Asmodeus' rage. He
then senses the insane amount of power gathering from him.
The chamber turns red as a familiar voice screams from the heart.
"I HAVE LET YOU LIVE LONG ENOUGH!" Dozens of wooden snakes appear from
everything and trap Asmodeus, but they're all destroyed just by being in his presence.
"IMPOSSIBLE!"
"NOTHING is impossible for me!" I walk towards the giant organ. "And now you will die
here and be forgotten!"
"Grr!" Aldoron growls.
"Look at you, even with all of this power you still can't kill me. You're pathetic! You're
nothing but the rat shit I had the misfortune of stepping on!" I roar out. "A pathetic
parasite who can't even fight is why Acnologia lets you live. Because you weren't even
worthy of killing!"
"Shut up!" Multiple wooden tubes rise and fire [Chaos Energy] at the abomination, but he
simply absorbs everything.
"You really are pathetic, Aldoron." I openly mocked the Wood Dragon God Emperor. "If it
wasn't for your callous disregard for other life or how you threatened those I care
about, you wouldn't be worth killing. The fact that you're too reliant on Chaos Emerald
and now Mira only to fail to utilize either properly further proves it!"
As he growled in rage, I turned towards Natsu.
"I'm gonna help Mirajane, you can deal with this piece of rat shit." I told the salmonhaired Dragon Slayer, before conjuring a sphere of fire cackling with [Chaos Energy] in
front of him. "This fireball is a highly compressed and concentrated combination of
[Fire Dragon Slayer Magic] and [Chaos Energy]. If you eat it, it'll give you the same
abilities as me."
"Hell yeah!" Natsu exclaimed in excitement.
I throw the fireball and Natsu quickly eats it.
Almost immediately a massive surge of power and fire engulfed Natsu as he was covered in
an aura of Fire and [Chaos Energy] destroying the binds that kept him.
Natsu's hair points upwards, his frame slightly bulky but still retains his form and his teeth
are sharper. "Now I'm REALLY FIRED UP! Time to give this bastard a taste of my
new [Chaos Fire Dragon Mode]!"
Natsu immediately charges at Aldoron with fire and green [Chaos Energy] gathering in his
fist. "[Chaos Fire Dragon's Iron Fist]!"

The moment the attack connects, it immediately increases the flames further devastating
much of the surrounding parts of Aldoron's body, but thankfully wasn't close to Mirajane.
As Natsu proceeds to take on all subsequent clones of Aldoron's armor and decimate the
surrounding area, I immediately rush towards the incapacitated [She-Devil] and examine her
condition.
"Damn it!" I stare at Mira's half-wooded face. "With the amount of [Chaos Energy] she's
been injected with, simply purging Aldoron's cells within her won't be enough! She can
still die from the exposure alone, especially if she can't process all of it in time!"
[There may be a way to save her. If you use the Chaos Emerald, you can control the
Chaos Energy inside her to force a pseudo-evolution]
"Would that work?" I asked.
[It's either this or letting her become Aldoron's sex toy]
"Don't need to tell me twice." I grab Mira's face and close my eyes as I focus. The floating
emerald begins to shine as a green aura envelops us.
Within her body, green energy floods her bloodstream, causing her cells to mutate and
become demon-like before turning to Aldoron's cells and destroying them completely.
Almost immediately, a surge of [Chaos Energy] completely engulfs her body like a cocoon
as my mind works overtime.
After a few more seconds, the cocoon dissipates revealing Mirajane free and unharmed,
though her appearance had undergone some changes. She now appears to be a few years
older, probably in her early 20s, and is almost half a foot taller. Her silver hair had taken an
almost ethereal platinum-silver look to it, and her body appeared to be more fit yet also far
more voluptuous, with her hourglass figure becoming more pronounced as her breasts grew
to a high J-cup and her hips and ass grew to match it. However, because of this, her dress was
starting to rip apart due to the strain.
Name: Mirajane Strauss
Title: She-Devil, Mira, The Poster Girl of Fiore, Transcendent, White Goddess, Demon
Queen
Level: 195
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 586,566
MP: 788,456
SP: 601,012

AP: 764,455
Thoughts about you: none (unconscious)
"First Ur and Cana, and now you?" I shake my head with amusement. "The moment
women get a permanent buffer, their looks and figure shoot through the roof. Really.
The logic in this universe is just unreal."
As I said this, Mirajane slowly woke up and then stared at me upon gaining awareness of her
surroundings.
"Asmodeus-kun?" She asked. "Is that you? What happened?"
"It's a long story. Well, not really. You were kidnapped by Aldoron and almost turned
into his personal battery/doll, but you're okay now." I explained. "Can you stand?"
"I… think so." Mira slowly moves her legs and rises upwards. She stumbles but I manage to
catch her.
"I got you, Mira." I assured her.
"Thank you." She said as she got her bearings. "What's going on? And why do I feel so…
weird?"
"I'm sorry, but the conversion had already taken its toll." I grimly admit. "In order to
save your life, I had to take some… drastic measures."
"W-What?!" Mirajane exclaims with a horrified expression. "A-am I okay now? I don't want
to be enslaved by that monster after everything he did!"
"Calm down! I said you were fine, didn't I? It's just that now you look… different." I
reassure as she checks herself. "I managed to purge his cells, but the process to save you
has permanently altered you. You aren't exactly human anymore."
"Then… what am I?" She nervously asks.
I shrug. "I don't know, to be honest. When [Chaos Energy] is involved, anything is
possible. But what I do know is that your something completely new, something
that transcends humans and demons together." That's when I get an idea. "Yeah... a
[Transcendent]. It fits you perfectly."
Mirajane was truly shocked by the revelation and was clearly trying to process it, but was
broken out of her stupor when she heard him speaking again.
"Look, I know that's not what you wanted to hear... but it was the only way to save
you." I said in an apologetic tone. "If I hadn't unlocked your [Aura], you nor the others
wouldn't have gained a target on your backs." I sigh. "It's okay for you to hate me, after
all I did turn you into-" But I was suddenly cut off by Mirajane who surprisingly pulled me
into a long and passionate kiss. Our tongues danced against each other in our mouths before
we separated with a thin trail of saliva connecting our mouths.

"I could never hate you, Asmodeus-kun." Mirajane said while looking me in the eye with a
loving expression. "It's thanks to you that my family is alive, that I have the power to protect
them, and for saving me from becoming Aldoron's slave or becoming a monster."
I raise my hand and lovingly caress her cheek. "Thank you. That means a lot."
"Now, how about we kick this bastard straight to hell?" Mira's smile was all teeth as she took
her [Satan Soul] form.
I chuckle. "After you, milady."
"Ara, such a gentleman~" Mira said and vanished with a dash.
[With her makes a total of six girls in the harem. Damn, who gets that many girls in one
day?]
"We do." I remark and follow after her.
Natsu surrounds himself in greenish flames and dashes through a group of clones, destroying
them all instantly just by being in his presence.
"Is that all ya got!? I haven't even broken a sweat!" Natsu proclaims.
However, he didn't notice the three clones behind him ready to skewer him with their spears.
"!" Natsu senses the incoming danger but just as he turns a black beam of magic suddenly
appears and destroys them.
"You really need to be more aware of your surroundings, Natsu-kun." The salmon-haired
dragon slayer turns to see a freed Mirajane.
"Mira, you're free!" Natsu exclaims and quickly gives the demoness a hug.
"Whoa, what's with the sudden affection? You haven't acted like this since we were kids."
Mira wondered.
However, no sooner did Natsu back away, a serious expression plastered on his face. "Your
scent is different… Are you really Mira?"
"Who else would it be? The Tooth Fairy?" Natsu turns to see Asmodeus walking towards
them.
Natsu tilts his head confused. "What do fairies have to do with teeth?"
"Forget it." I sigh. "As for why Mira's scent is different, I had to alter her in order to
save her life. But beyond that she's still the same, just tad bit stronger."
Natsu turns to Mira and checks her out. "... did your butt get bigger?"
"Yes, and the same goes for my boobs~" Mira gave an airheaded response.

Natsu nods in understanding.
[... what just happened?]
Something weird. But then again, everyone in this world is incredibly eccentric.
"If I may interrupt," I began. "I think we should focus more on that."
The two turn to see Aldoron charging at them with a spear arm, before a black fist collides
and obliterates its head.
"What was that!? He shattered to pieces!" Natsu exclaims in shock.
Mira, instead, turns to stare at the empty space beside Asmodeus except it wasn't empty as
there's a humanoid figure floating next to him.
"What… is that?" Mira asks.
I quirk an eyebrow before following her line of sight and realize she can see
my [Stand]. "You can see it?"
"Yes. Is it a spirit?" Mira said.
"Sort of. I'll explain later." I said.
Aldoron reemerges. "I'm ending this! Right now!" He clenches his fists as energy begins to
converge on his body. Immediately, more and more energy begins to gather as Aldoron's
body glows a royal purple.
*BOOM!*
The cavern explodes with purple colors, generating a whirlwind so powerful that Natsu has to
hold onto a nearby pillar for dear life while Mira and I are completely unaffected.
When the wind wanes, we see Aldoron's body now pitch black, his horns are now made out
of crystal and now sports a set of energy wings instead of a cape. In the middle of his chest is
the familiar purple Chaos Emerald.
"I never intended to use this, but you have forced my hand." Aldoron said. "This
is [Schwarzwald], my ultimate form. Rejoice mortals, for it shall be the last thing you will
ever see."
"Guess it all comes down to this." I said in a serious tone that still came off as excited
somehow. "I see you implanted your Chaos Emerald inside of this Avatar's body, huh?
Finally ready to go all or nothing? Good, because I'm tired of fighting you at this
point."
"Asmodeus-kun, let me help. I wanna get back at this bastard for everything he's done." Mira
said.

"Yeah!" Natsu adds.
"As much as I want to let you two cut loose, I need you to stand aside." I told
them. "Now that Aldoron has implanted his emerald, there's no telling what he can do. I
know you're on a quest, but I refuse to let either of you or anyone become collateral
damage."
"Aw man." Natsu pouts.
Mirajane nods in understanding, though she immediately wraps her arms around my neck and
gives me a quick kiss. "Be careful, Asmodeus-kun. I don't want to lose my new boyfriend the
same day we got together."
"Boyfriend, huh?" I said with an amused smirk even in spite of the current situation. "Even
with everything that has happened, I never imagined I would be lucky enough to have
THE Mirajane Strauss and my girlfriend."
"After everything you've done in this short period of time, you've more than earned it." Mira
giggled, before her demeanor became serious. "Give him hell."
I nod and Mira and Natsu leave.
Well, Mira left. Natsu had to be dragged out by his scarf after throwing a tantrum.
"If you're gonna go all in, might as well too." I said, before a light envelopes my body.
When it died down, I had the appearance of my [Void Dragon Force] mode, but with the
blue markings now constantly shifting color and eight wings adoring my back that have the
same crystal properties as my [Chaos Mode].
"... impressive." Aldoron praised.
"Like it? Say hello to [Chaos Infinity Dragon Mode], a combination of my [Chaos
Mode] and ALL my forms of [Dragon Slayer Magic]." I state.
"It will look better once I rip your Chaos Emerald from your cold dead hands." Aldoron
threatened.
"Heh." I vanish from my spot and appear in front of Aldoron rearing for a punch, but
Aldoron is faster and catches the attack, creating shockwaves that cause cracks to appear all
over the chamber.
"You're going to have to do better than that, abomination," Aldoron taunts before attempting
to launch his own attack, only to be disoriented when a powerful attack seemingly came out
of nowhere, courtesy of [Payback Over Heaven].
"Trust me, you haven't seen anything yet!" I replied before he immediately charged forward
to attack me, but using my Stand's infinitely stronger version of its original time erasure
ability, I was able to get behind him without him noticing.

"[Chaos Infinity Dragon's Iron Fist]!" I yelled before striking Aldoron, who was launched
through the ceiling and into the sky by the attack.
I immediately fly after him and launch a series of high-speed attacks, blocks, and dodges as
he follows suit, with a massive shockwave traveling across all of Earthland, the metaphysical
effects of our clashing rippling throughout the universe and other nearby realms due to our
immense power and [Chaos Energy].
So much that reality itself seems to be shaking.
From a distance, Fairy Tail observes the shockwaves pass by, sending ripples across the
entire area.
"W-What's happening!?" Lucy exclaims as she feels everything vibrating.
Lamina Scale
"W-What's that!? An earthquake!?" Lyon asks.
Everyone tries to hold on, but the tremors prove too strong.
"Ahhh!" Toby screams as he falls back and hits his head on a pillar, knocking him out.
"Wendy-chan…" Sherria whispers, she gets the feeling that whatever's causing this, her
friend is at the source of it.
Blue Pegasus
"Such beautiful colors!" Ichiya exclaims as he watches the aurora in the sky. "Truly the gods
have blessed us with this incredible perfume!"
"Yes, aniki!" The Trimens all agreed.
Jenny Realight looks at the sky with a sense of trepidation growing inside her.
Sabertooth
Sting, Rogue, Minerva and the rest of the guild look at the sky as they hear the shockwaves
caused by someone, or something powerful.
And they sensed Fairy Tail was at the center of it all.
Ignia's Realm
"Hahahahaha! This is amazing! You truly have gone far and beyond my expectations!" Ignia
cackles, causing the volcanoes around him to erupt. "Our rematch might be closer at hand
than I thought. And I can't wait!"
Black Moon Mountain

"Ara~, I always knew there was more to you than meets the eye, but even I never expected
something like this, my little devil. No, you're definitely not little, but an alpha among
alphas." Selene said in amazement at what she was feeling from the battle.
But that's when her expression took a sultry turn.
"I'm going to make you mine, even if I must destroy everything to do so~" Selene declares as
she licks her lips.
Somewhere in Filan
An older man with a long white beard and an eyepatch looks on at the ensuing chaos from his
balcony until the sounds of heels clicking grabs his attention.
"Call Athena. Tell her it's time to move to phase two." The man orders. "Also, keep on the
lookout for the traitor. I want him brought back post haste."
The figure bows. "As you wish, Duke-sama."
Back to the fight
I swipe my hand, creating a dozen energy orbs that fly towards Aldoron and explode on
contact.
"Haaaaa!" Aldoron screams he fires concentrated [Chaos Energy] from his eyes before
attacking with his sword.
"MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!" [Payback Over Requiem] quickly intercepts him and
unleashes a volley of superfast punches, sending the avatar flying.
"[Chaos Infinite Dragon Roar]!" I launch a blast of magic and chaos at him, causing an
explosion that sends Aldoron crashing only to stop himself midway.
He charges at me and we both begin to exchange blows. Aldoron's attacks are heavy and well
telegraphed, however, anyone with plenty of fighting experience can see the openings
between each strike, small but enough to counter.
I quickly grab his arm and hurl him to the sky before summoning twenty large [Chaos
Blasters] that fire simultaneously, creating a massive explosion.
The smoke clouds instantly dissipate, revealing Aldoron with half of his face burned.
"What's wrong? Judging by your expression, I think you are at your limit." I mocked.
[Seems like his ultimate form isn't exactly "ultimate"]
Aldoron says nothing and begins to spin, instantly creating a massive hurricane of wind and
magic leaves and throws it right at me.

"[Chaos Tornado]!" I swing my arm, creating a tornado of [Chaos Energy] that quickly
clashes with the hurricane. The two attacks seem to consume each other until the tornado
overwhelms the attack and Aldoron within it, inflicting incredible damage.
When it ends, it is revealed that Aldoron is missing his entire right side of his body.
"If you had fought Natsu, you might have had a chance." I told the withering tree
man. "Unfortunately for you, I'm not Natsu. So your fucked."
Aldoron creates a massive energy sphere. It grows and grows until it completely eclipses the
continent. "Now di-"
"[Payback Over Requiem: The World]!" At my command, the world turns gray as time is
put on a screeching halt freezing everything and everyone in place.
"Poor drake. He never realized that I was playing him like a piano." I float towards the
wood dragon god. "I could have ended this at any time, but I needed a decent punching
bag and you were perfect." I put my hand up to his chest. "If you hadn't let the power go
to your head, you might have won. 'Might' being the operative word here."
I plunge my hand into his chest and quickly pull out the Chaos Emerald. "You won't be
needing this anymore." I give the false god one last look before turning my back on
him. "In the end, all of your struggles were… totally useless."
POR levitates towards him.
"MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUD
A!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MU
DA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!M
UDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!
MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA
!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUD
A!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!"
"Time will resume." The world regains its color and time resumes its progress.
"!" Aldoron is completely bombarded by seemingly billions of blows that seem to come out
of nowhere. It was so intense that Aldoron erupts and explodes into nothing but tiny splinters
and the attack disappears along with him.
The dragon begins to shrink as it is no longer connected to the emerald and reverts back to its
original form.
"▂▂▃▃▃▃▂▂…" It lets out a weak groan as it slows down and collapses.
I disengage my [Chaos Infinity Dragon Mode] and descend back to the heart chamber.
"You did it!" I turn just in time for Mira to pull me and bury me in her large boobs. "I'm so
happy you're okay!"

"I made sure to give him a hell of a time." I said, causing Mira to giggle.
"What the hell, man!?" Natsu rushes up to me looking angry. "I wanted to bash that wood
bastard's teeth in!"
"Well, if it makes you feel any better, you can break his heart." I said, pointing to the massive
growth hanging in the ceiling.
"Yes!" Natsu cheers and charges for the heart.
Mira glances at the purple gemstone in her lover's hand. "So, that's the reason why everything
is so crazy?"
I look at the Chaos Emerald. "Yeah. But now without it, even Natsu can take on Aldoron
easily."
"They're so pretty." Mira remarks, staring at the two gems.
"But you're beautiful." I said, causing the two to stare at each other's eyes.
The two of us stare as our faces slowly move closer, inch by inch until*PING*
"!" I quickly grab Mira and leap forward as spikes shoot out of the ground.
*BOOM!* Natsu is blasted back by a wooden cannon, but I use my [Chromas] to catch him
and lay him next to us.
"You… wretched…!" A distorted voice echoes out as a familiar figure reforms in front of us.
Before Aldoron's form was muscular and intimidating, the stereotypical appearance of a king.
Now, he looked like a Thompson raisin: skinny, dry and about to die.
"Look at what you have done… THIS IS YOUR FAULT!" Aldoron roared, his voice nothing
but a distorted whisper.
"You did this to yourself." I countered. "You took the emerald's power for granted and abused
it. You made it the center of your power and now that it's gone, your body is wearing down to
nothing."
Aldoron winces as he chuckles, before breaking into laughter.
Natsu tries to rush him, but thick vines suddenly shoot from the ground and tie us up. We try
to break out but the vines aren't budging.
"You will die here… you will all die here with me!" Aldoron cackles as the entire chamber
begins to close in at an alarming rate.
"He's trying to crush us!" Natsu exclaims.

"We can see that, Natsu!" Mira yells.
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! WE SHALL ALL RETURN TO THE PLANET TOGETHER!"
Aldoron exclaims as the walls get smaller and smaller.
Until… they stop.
"Hm…?" Aldoron looks around in shock. "Why did it stop? I didn't command the walls to
stop!?"
The walls then begin to retract and the chamber returns to normal. "WHAT IS
HAPPENING!?"
The vines trapping everyone unwrap and return to the ground.
Aldoron turns back to the trio and glares at the abomination. IT'S YOU!" He makes his arm
gigantic and charges at Asmodeus. "DIE!" However, as he reaches his fated foe, he sees
something unexpected.
"Huh?" Aldoron blinks at the second arm next to his.
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
Aldoron turns to see MULTIPLE Aldoron standing right next to him, mimicking everything
he's doing. "WHAT!?"
"WHAT!?"
"WHAT!?"
"WHAT!?"
"WHAT!?"
"W-What is this!? What am I seeing!?"Aldoron though in fear as he sees more clones that he
did not create mimic everything he does. "Am I dreaming? Is this some kind of illusion!?
No… I am immune to that sort of magic! WHAT KIND OF POWER DARES TO MESS
WITH THE MIND OF A GOD!?"
"This is… Requiem."
"!" Aldoron looks back to see the abomination's spirit idly floating in behind him.
"What you are witnessing is indeed the truth. You are seeing the movements created by your
future self." The spirit said in his voice, albeit lacking any warmth or tonal pitch.

"However… you shall never arrive at the truth that's going to happen. None who stand before
me shall ever get there, regardless of their power." The spirit lifts up his hood, revealing a
pair of glowing golden eyes. "That is... [Payback Over Requiem]."
"!" Aldoron blinks and now sees Natsu charging towards him.
"Look at what you have done… THIS IS YOUR FAULT!" 'What am I saying?'
"I-I... I haven't moved at all from the start!" Aldoron yells.
Natsu ignites his fists with intense swirling flames.
"I will not be defeated by like of-!"
"[Dragon Slayer's Secret Art: Purgatory Slashing Dragon Fire]!" Natsu yells and
punches Aldoron in the chest. The extreme force produces a powerful explosion, with the
resulting complete attack being strong enough to launch the God Seed straight towards the
dragon's heart and explodes, creating a pillar of fire, magic and [Chaos Energy] that can be
seen across the continent.
"N-o! I-CAN'T-AAAAAAAAAHHHHH!" Aldoron screams as he and the heart are reduced
to ashes instantly.
Loop 1
"*GASP!*" Aldoron gasps as his eyes snap wide open. "W-Where am I…?"
He slowly gets up and looks to find nothing but pandemonium: corpses of dragons and
humans alike litter the blood-soaked land.
This scene would horrify anyone, but it horrified Aldoron most of all.
Because he knew where he was.
"No. No, I can't be back here. I can't!" Aldoron yells as he quickly makes a run for it, but a
large black object suddenly appears and blocks his path.
"Oh? It seems like I missed a dragon, and one trying to pass off as human no less." Aldoron
shivers. He knows that voice, he recognizes it everywhere along with the immense bloodlust
accompanying it.
Acnologia.
"Did you think you could hide from me, dragon? Especially under such a useless disguise?"
Acnologia mocked.
"G-Get away from me! Stay away!" Aldoron falls on his back and proceeds to crawl. "You're
not real! You're not real!"

"Oh, I'm real. I'm the monster you all created. And this monster is hungry." Acnologia shows
off his pristine shark-like teeth. "You may not be much, but you will make an excellent
appetizer."
Aldoron tries to run but is soon caught by Acnologia. He raises the God Seed high and opens
his mouth.
"No… no! This isn't how it's supposed to end!" Aldoron screams out.
Acnologia lets go of his prey and Aldoron falls right in his mouth.
Loop 2
"*GASP!*" Aldoron regains consciousness and notices he's back in his dragon form.
"What… what was that?" Aldoron asks. "Last thing I remember was fighting those humans
and that abomination and then…" He then looks down and sees a pack of humans gathering
around him.
"It's time for the annual harvest festival! Tonight, we celebrate the Wood Dragon God's
blessing." The human leader says while holding a torch.
"Hm, a festival to celebrate me? Interesting." Aldoron muses at the idea before noticing
something off.
He sees the humans holding torches and make their way towards him.
"Hey, what are you doing with those torches!?" Aldoron demands. "Stop this at once, you
lowly nutrients!" But his demands fall on deaf ears. "LISTEN TO YOUR GOD!" He tries to
move but finds that he can't. "What's going on? Why can't I move!?"
The humans slowly raise their torches.
Aldoron blinks in terror. "Stop it! STOP IT! I ORDER YOU ALL TO STOP THIS AT
ONCE!"
The moment the flames touch a twig they immediately ignite and no soon after, the wood
dragon's body is covered in flames.
"AAAAAHHHHHHH!" Aldoron screams as he is in excruciating pain.
Loop 3
"*GASP!*" Aldoron wakes up, back into his God Seed form, in a forest.
"What's going on…? What's happening to me…?" Aldoron trembles as he leans to the nearest
tree. "A-Am I dreaming?"
The sound of birds can be heard chirping in the sky.

"What time is it? Where am I?" He looks at his trembling hands. "I was fighting those human
wizards… and these feelings…" He hugs himself. "The unimaginable pain I experienced
from being burned alive… it was too real!"
As he begins to hyperventilate, he doesn't sense the chipmunk closing in on him.
"Chip, chip?"
"Ah!" Aldoron jolts at the sudden noise and trips on a rock, falling past the trees and into a
massive cliff.
The rock's movement causes a chain reaction, as it hits a boulder and begins to fall straight
towards Aldoron.
"What in the world is this!? Something's wrong!" He sees the boulder fast approaching. "I
can't die in such an undignified manner! This can't be the work of that dragon slay-" He then
remembers the abomination's odd familiar spirit.
"Don't tell it's because of… [Payback Over Re-]!"
But before he can finish, Aldoron is crushed by the boulder.
The tree look in awe at the destroyed heart chamber.
"He did it. Natsu slayed a dragon!" Mira cheers.
"No…" Mira turns to Natsu. "I smell him… that bastard's still alive!"
Mira gasps at the reveal.
"There's no need to worry." The two turn to Asmodeus. "We will never see him again."
"What?" Mira asks.
"Although I couldn't see it for myself," [Payback Over Requiem] appears beside me. "I
know that our job here is done. Nothing will come within his putrid reach again, not even
death."
Loop 100,094
Aldoron crawls back at the sight of a little girl.
"His soul will be trapped in a prison of infinite death. Never to know peace. Not even the end
of the universe can save him."
"Why are you hunched like that, mister? Are you sick?" The little girl asks in a cute voice.
"Hii!" Aldoron shrieks like a little girl. "Stay away from me!"

As quickly as he says this, a large tree falls over and crushes him.
Back to reality
"Dark."Natsu comments as the room quickly caves in around them.
"This place is falling apart! We gotta get out of here!" Mira exclaims.
"Grab onto me!" The two wizards quickly grab onto me as I raise the Chaos Emerald. "
[Chaos Control]!"
The two vanish in a flash of light as everything collapses.
Fairy Tail watches as the Wood Dragon God falls apart in the distance, their attention shifts to
the sudden flash of light and a familiar trio appear in its place.
"Your back!" Everyone yells before quickly rushing towards their friends.
"Natsu, you're okay!" Lucy exclaimed before hugging him.
"Natsu, I was worried something bad would happen to you!" Happy cried as he hugged him
too.
"I'm fine guys! That bastard was no match for a real Dragon Slayer!" Natsu proclaimed
proudly.
"Yeah, after Asmodeus no doubt softened him up for you, no doubt." Gray replied.
[Well, he's technically not wrong]
"WHAT WAS THAT, YOU DAMN STRIPPER?!" Natsu yelled in outrage as he butt heads
with the Ice Mage.
"YOU HEARD ME! WE ALL SAW AND FELT THAT CLASH IN THE SKY!
ASMODEUS PROBABLY DID ALL THE HARD WORK WHILE YOU STRUCK HIM
WHILE HE WAS DOWN!" Gray yelled back.
They continue arguing before two fists smash into their heads.
"That's enough! We're all alive and accomplished something incredible, and the first thing
you do is one another like children?!" Erza scolds them both.
"He started it." Natsu grumble.
"And it's not like I was wrong. Asmodeus likely did most of the work, hell he did most of the
work in taking out the first Wolfen clone of Acnologia before Gildarts finished him off."
Gray defended himself.
"Gray, your clothes." Cana calls out.
Said wizard looks down and, sure enough, his clothes are all gone except for his underwear.

"Damnit! Now of all time!?" Gray exclaims in annoyance.
"Gray-sama is so ragged and sexy!" Juvia exclaims.
"Seriously, Gray? I thought you would move past your stripping habit." Ur lets out a
disappointed sigh, despite the fact she herself was now in nothing but a light blue bikini that
showed off her enlarged assets and prominent curves.
"Uh, Ur. You might wanna look down." I said in an amused tone, causing her to look down
and get her clothes.
"Hope you at least enjoyed the show, Asmodeus-kun." Ur said in a sultry tone.
'So that's where Gray gets it!' Were the collective thoughts of the surrounding Fairy Tail
mages.
"Oh, I did." I smirk. 'Can't wait to tap that ass.'
[I predict there's gonna be a lot of cherry-popping before we leave this universe]
"Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish yelled before grabbing me in a vice-like hug that squeezed her
massive breasts against my chest. "You were incredible! You're so amazing~!"
"Indeed." Irene agrees while hugging herself against my right arm. "No doubt everyone on
Earthland felt your clash, though I would expect nothing less from you, right?"
"As expected of Asmodeus-sama!" Seilah said proudly.
"Hope you're ready, Asmodeus-kun." Cana said in a seductive tone. "Because I've been
wanting to thank you for a while."
"No! Get away from my daughter, you bastard!" Gildarts runs towards him, only for Cana to
throw another card at his forehead.
"Go to hell, old man! Who I date or sleep with is none of your business!" Cana yelled with a
tick mark on her forehead.
"Mira-nee! Thank goodness you're okay!" Mira turns to the sound of her younger siblings
rushing forward and enclosing her in a large hug (courtesy of Elfman).
"We're so glad your safe, nee-san!" Elfman screams out while crying crocodile tears.
"I'm okay, you two. I'm not going anywhere." Mira assures the two.
The trio separate and Lisanna finally takes in her sister's new appearance. "What happened to
you inside the dragon? Why do you look so... so..."
"Sexy?" Mirajane gestures her new body, which was already drawing attention from the
majority of the males present, with most passing out from nosebleeds (Makarov was one of
those men).

"Well, that bastard dragon tried to use me as a battery while also turning me into his slave."
Mirajane told her siblings. "Luckily Asmodeus-kun was able to free me, though it came with
a few side effects."
"Mira-nee…" Lisanna and Elfman look at their big sister with worry.
"Oh, it's fine! Besides I'm liking my new look, and the power boost that comes with it." Mira
adds with a twirl.
"SEXY!" The males of Fairy Tail scream before collapsing from blood loss.
"ASMODEUS IS A REAL MAN!" Elfman proclaimed.
"He really is, Elfman," Mira giggled, before quickly coming to my side to give a quick kiss to
the lips to the surprise of everyone except the 2 of us. "Though I wouldn't expect anything
less from my new boyfriend."
"BOYFRIEND?!" The entire Fairy Tail guild yelled in shock.
"Look at you, Asmodeus-kun! You're even more of a ladies man than I thought!" Ur giggles
in amusement.
"It's no real surprise. Asmodeus-sama does have a certain effect on people." Seilah told her.
"Indeed. For me it was love at first sight." Irene agreed.
"Asmodeus-sama is like no other, a man without equal or superior! He's so amazing~"
Brandish concluded while pressing her breasts harder against my chest.
"Girls, stop it…" I mumbled, this is embarrassing.
[Hey, you wanted a harem, and now you have it]
"As much as we all no doubt wish to celebrate, I have to ask to confirm." Makarov faces me.
"Is it truly over?"
I nod. "It is. You can rest easy, old man."
"Thank goodness. I don't how much punishment this old body could take." Makarov sighs
before clearing his throat. "Young man, it's thanks to you, we managed to overcome this
ordeal with our lives. And while no amount of compensation could ever truly outweigh the
debt we owe you, I would like to start by saying that from this day forth, you will always be
considered a trusted ally and a member of our family!"
You have gained the title [Fairy's Ally] and [ Dragon's Bane ]!
[Fairy's Ally]
A friend and brother to Fairy Tail. When in their darkest, they count on you to unveil
the light. Increases rarity of quest reward items. Gives you and anyone you have a

strong relationship with a +30 increase in all base stats.
[Dragon's Bane]
Any being of draconic origin below your level will be fearful of you.
You have defeated Igneel! You have earned 808,767 EXP! You have gained 796,512
Credits!
You have defeated Grandeeny! You have earned 677,788 EXP! You have gained 564,309
Credits!
You have defeated Metalicana! You have earned 662,590 EXP! You have gained 541,299
Credits!
You have defeated Weisslogia! You have earned 682,121 EXP! You have gained 543,300
Credits!
You have defeated Skiadrum! You have earned 688,221 EXP! You have gained 546,119
Credits!
You have defeated Irene Belserion! You have earned 499,445 EXP! You have gained
339,890 Credits!
You have defeated Belserion! You have earned 581,312 EXP! You have gained 400,921
Credits!
You have defeated Acnologia! You have earned 751,888 EXP! You have gained 672,221
Credits!
You have defeated Ignia! You have earned 1,220,601 EXP! You have gained 991,532
Credits!
You have defeated Mercphobia! You have earned 1,115,899 EXP! You have gained
981,723 Credits!
You have defeated Aldoron! You have earned 2,090,040 EXP! You have gained
1,100,010 Credits!
Level Up(x150)!
Quest Complete!
Chopping down the World Tree
Objective (Complete): Kill Aldoron
Objective 2 (Complete): Stop the White Wizard and free Fairy Tail
Bonus Objective (Complete): Retrieve the Chaos Emerald

Rewards: 188,422 EXP, 56,309 Credits, Items, Skills, Legendary Gacha Tokens
Level Up(x3)!
You have gained the following items:
[Necklace of the Black Moon] - Rank: EX
Increases the wearer's various stats overnight. It also collects sunlight which can be
converted into magical energy to restore the wearer's own when depleted.
[Gamer Party Ring] - Rank: B
A unique ring that only works with Gamers. It establishes the "Gamer Party system",
with the main ring spawning party member rings. Anyone who wears a party member
ring is an official member of the "Gamer's Party". With it, the natural regeneration
rate of points (HP, MP, AP, SP, CP, etc) for party members is multiplied by at least 5,
any EXP gained from defeated opponents by any party member are shared with the rest
of the party and doubled, allow for unrestricted communication between each other
across time and space and dimensions, teleportation to fellow party members, and the
ability to locate Party members.
[Super Power Tomato Seeds] - Rank: EX
The seeds of the [Super Power Tomato]. Exponentially increases STR and END when
eaten by 60 while also reducing fatigue. When picked, it leaves seeds behind to quickly
regrow.
[Invincible Pumpkin Seeds] - Rank: EX
The seeds of the [Invincible Pumpkin]. Exponentially increases VIT and DEX by 60
while also making the user more resistant to mental attacks and debuffs. When picked,
it leaves seeds behind to quickly regrow.
[Winter Radish of Wisdom Seeds] - Rank: EX
The seeds of the [Winter Radish of Wisdom]. Increases WIS and MAG by 60. In
addition, it makes you better able to cope with special mind enchantments. When
picked, it leaves seeds behind to quickly regrow.
[Godspeed Potato Seeds] - Rank: EX
The seeds of the [Godspeed Potato]. Increases END by 60 when eaten. It also enhances
visual acuity and perception. When picked, it leaves seeds behind to quickly regrow.
[Lucky Carrot Seeds] - Rank: EX
The seeds of the [Lucy Carrot]. increases LUK and CHA by 60 when eaten. When
picked, it leaves seeds behind to quickly regrow.

[Isekai Summoning Staff] - Rank: ?
A mysterious staff of unknown origin with an equally mysterious and incomprehensible
connection to the Multiverse, capable of summoning individuals from across Time,
Space, and different Universes on an Omniversal scale. The staff can summon either
one specifically chosen individual per day, including alternate variants to help align
with the user's expectations and desires, or it can also summon multiple random
individuals in a day.
The summoning process instills an undetectable and unbreakable loyalty along with
heightened obedience in the individual to the summoner on a subconscious and spiritual
level as a failsafe to prevent betrayal and to improve acceptance of the circumstances,
with their potential also being enhanced with no upper limit that is surpassed only by
The Gamer.
Note: The staff will create an unbreakable bond with the first individual who touches it,
with said individual being the only one who can use it and will reappear to the new
owner if separated from them.
[Legendary Gacha Token(x9)]
You have gained the following skills:
[Dragon Dance LVL. 1/10]
The user vigorously performs a mystic, powerful dance that raises its Attack and Speed
stats by 10.
[Dragon Breath LVL. 1/10]
Channel your draconic energies into your lungs to exhale a devastating attack: dealing
(Str+Int)*Skill lv damage when maxed it has the potential to evolve into a much more
powerful form depending on the user and their primary element.
Deals 9987 Damage
[Hyper Beam LVL. 1/10]
Uses 75% of your max stamina per use and after each use you are given the fatigue
debuff lowing DEX by 50%, dealing (STR*INT*WIS) of damage.
[Shadow Force LVL. 1/10]
The signature move of Giratina, the Pokemon god of Anti-Matter and one of the
Creation Trio. Once invoked, the user vanishes instantly from the world, effectively
making them semi-invulnerable, and then reappearing to cause damage. This skill
bypasses any form of protection.
Deals 99,909 Dark Damage (x50 in Dragon Form).

[False Data: Life LVL. 1/10]
It gives the user the ability to fake his/her HP.
Cost 178 MP to cast.
The following perks/traits are acquired:
[Ultimate Adonis]
All Females are universally inclined to perceive you as extremely handsome, charming,
and charismatic, even those with pre-existing feelings for others or may already be in
relationships, and are significantly inclined to see you as the ideal romantic partner.
Makes it significantly easier for females to fall for you and to seduce them.
[Harem God]
Grants the potential to form the greatest and even the largest harem of all time, with the
females being more intrinsically inclined to accept and support it regardless of potential
issues in personality or history or risks. Any female you desire will be intrinsically
inclined to fall for you more far more easily. Also makes the user the natural 'leader' of
the harem and neutralizes issues like infighting, female dominance and intimidation, the
whipped male cliché, personality defects, etc.
[Sex God]
You are the master of sexual intercourse. Sexual partners will feel the ultimate form of
sexual ecstasy and satisfaction that is normally impossible to attain, which will never
decline nor will ever be able to be accustomed to. The user is incapable of running out
of stamina or feeling drained from sexual intercourse and can last indefinitely. Also
regulates the sexual fertility of the user, making it impossible to impregnate a female
unless the user wishes to do so both consciously and subconsciously. Sexual intercourse
will also promote EXP growth and stat growth between both individuals.
'Shit. That's a lot of sex-related stuff.' I look up at the girls and find them all staring at me
with clear hunger in their eyes.
[Welp. Say goodbye to your pelvis]
"Oh dear…" I mutter as the reality of the situation finally hits me.
[Good luck, casanova~]
Author Notes
First off, Happy New Years! And also, thank you so much for waiting patiently.
I wanted to post this before the end of the year, but things happened and it never came.

I'm back in school, which means less frequent updates. I'll try to write shorter chapters so that
I can have more time to write more chapters for my stories.
I'd like to thank Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59 for helping. NONE of this
would be possible without those two.
Peace~

Chapter 20: Fairy Tail: Sealed but still Strong
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
It's been a pretty eventful week.
After Aldoron was defeated, the Guiltinan military quickly moved in and pretty much took
control of the situation. We were moved to a tiny town called Drameel, a military outpost
built by the government for the specific purpose of monitoring Aldoron, which would explain
how they were able to organize an attack so fast. When we arrived in Drameel, we were each
interrogated for the unknown energy surge that was causing unnatural phenomena across the
country. We all pretended not to know and assumed that it was part of some destructive ploy
by the Wood Dragon God. The military bought our lie and allowed us to stay and recover
while they secured the dragon's body, likely to use it as a weapon against the other dragons.
After that whole mess, I began to explain to the guild in detail
what [Aura] and [Semblances] were as well as how they got to Drasil in the first place.
Needless to say, the guild was completely dumbstruck.
When they asked why some of them unlocked [Semblances] and others didn't, I explained it
had to do with the situation as [Semblances] can be unlocked during strong physical or
emotional events, which in their case was fighting the God Seeds, but most of the time they're
unlocked through training. I also explained how [Semblances] are based on a person's
character and that even when you think you know yourself, the power you may get might be
completely different than what you believed it would be. I also had to hammer down the
difference between [Aura] and [Magic] since they pull from different sources of power.
It was funny seeing some of them try to force their [Semblances] out and ended up farting in
the end.
Though the fun ended quickly when the smell got to my nostrils.

I explained the chant to Makarov and told him not to share it with anyone since, unlike
magic, anyone can have [Aura].
"I understand. I wouldn't want any Dark Guilds getting a hold of this knowledge." Makarov
said.
[Considering his guild's track record of keeping secrets, I doubt it will take long for
someone to spill the beans]
I also advised him to change the chant to his liking since I got mine from Raven, whom
everyone would hate the second she showed up.
The next issue to deal with was what to do with Faris and Touka. My clone brought them to
the nearest town he could find and left them in an inn, which just so happens to be the one
we're in now.
Everyone stares at the two sleeping in their beds, not having moved an inch since my clone
brought them in.
"Hey! Shouldn't we tie up that Touka girl!?" Max said.
"She'll drain our magic the moment she wakes up!" Warren adds.
"We're probably safe. She won't recover her magic so easily." Wendy assures them.
"And if she fights back, I'll clobber her!" Natsu exclaims.
"Wait, which one is Touka? The girl or the cat?" A confused Nab asks.
"Touka is the Exceed. The girl's real name is Faris." I said.
"How do you know that?" Gajeel asks.
"Because she told me before she used her magic on me in order to make me her puppet." I
revealed. "Anyways, the [White Wizard] seemed to have possessed Touka, but I'm not sure
why."
'I can't recall the details behind Selene sending Faris and Touka to Earth Land. I guess I'll
ask her directly once I get back.' I thought.
"In any case, I find it hard to believe Touka was an Exceed to begin with." Carla comments.
"You mean she isn't from Extalia?" Wendy asks.
"As far as I know, no." Carla confirmed.
With that, the guild members take turns guarding the two but after three days they didn't
wake up.
As for everyone else…

"At any rate," Makarov raises his wooden mug. "Let's celebrate our reunion in this foreign
country!"
"CHEERS!"
They switched to party mode.
Everyone ate, drank, talked, drank, laughed, ate, fought, drank, came to terms with being
brainwashed, and threw stuff around.
Did I mention drinking and eating?
Gray and Natsu were busy stuffing themselves with comically-sized pizzas and meat, all the
while Juvia and Lucy cheered them on.
Cana's busy taking bets from everyone on who can finish the fastest and when she won, she
used all of her winnings to buy the inn's entire stock of alcohol.
How she manages to keep her voluptuous body while also drinking gallons that could very
much kill a human being, I have no idea.
[Anime logic, baby~]
"Hm." I hummed before my body is suddenly pulled to the left.
"Asmodeus-sama. This inn sells parfaits! Let's eat them together!" Brandish says as she drags
me off.
Happy's tries to share his fish with Carla, but gets ignored.
Mira drinks from her mug causing all of the males (minus Natsu) to become instantly aroused
by the sight of her moist and thick lips.
"Oh!" A bit of her drink spills on her dress and passes through the crack between her
cleavage. "Cold…"
"Gah!" The men scream as their nosebleeds literally blast them out of the inn and into the
sky.
Lisanna sweat drops. "Mira-nee's on a whole other level…"
"Nee-san's a REAL MAN!" Elfman yells out.
Natsu is seen lying on top of rolling barrels. "C'mon! Let's go barrel surfing!" But no sooner
does he say that Natsu starts throwing up.
"When will you learn!?" The guild yells.
Irene is seen drinking a glass of wine in amusement as she watches Seilah somehow end up in
a brawl with Evergreen.

"This is nice." Irene says but not before a bottle suddenly hits her in the face, causing its
contents to spill all over her.
As the beer drips from her face and hair, the former Shield turns to the direction of the bottle
and gives the wizards a very familiar death stare.
"Who threw that?" Irene demands in a demonic voice.
"Eep!" The wizards cower before her gaze.
"Gray-samaaaaa!" Juvia gushes.
"Hm? What's up, Juvia?" Gray asks as he is now in his birthday suit.
"YOU'RE BUTT-ASS NAKED!" Macao exclaims in horror.
"Really, just where have I gone wrong with that boy?" Ur exasperates, also equally naked.
"YOU'RE JUST AS BAD AS HIM!"
Juvia hugs Gray. "I love you so much!"
Gray smiles and pads her head. "Yeah, me too."
"Eeeeeeeeeh!?" Everyone is obviously shocked by the reveal.
Meanwhile, Brandish and I share a large parfait together.
"Hey. This is pretty good." I applaud.
"I'm glad you like it, Asmodeus-sama." Brandish said as she eats her own spoonful of it.
The partying/brawl continued for three days and nights, never letting up. At least until Natsu
had an idiot moment and BURNED DOWN the inn by accident! Who does that!?
At least nobody's dead, which is a plus.
Anyways, after fixing the building with [Nemesis] everyone went straight back to partying
(except Natsu because he was given a timeout by Erza and Makarov).
After a week of partying, the guild decides to spend some time sightseeing before heading
back to Ishgar. Ur went with Gray and Juvia to catch on what she missed the past decade,
Seilah went to the local library to read, Brandish went to find a sweets shop (that girl has a
mean sweet tooth) and Irene is who knows where.
Meanwhile, I step out a portal with a piece of tree bark in my hands. "Man, having [Perfect
Unknowable] is the best. I wonder why I never used it until now."
[Probably because you were too busy spamming Gaster Blasters]
Still, jokes aside, there's one detail that had me concerned.

"If Aldoron managed to find a Chaos Emerald here in Earth Land, who's to say there aren't
more out there?" I said.
[In that case, we'll need to prepare for whoever gets their hands on it. Aldoron was
threatening enough with just a single emerald. If a human with a dark heart manages to
get a hold of one, there's no telling what can happen]
I sit down on the mattress of my bed and open my status screen.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons
Race: Ę̸̰͓̙̄ R̴͙̻̫̞̂̎̿͒̎̿͋͆̑̇̚͝ͅ Ŗ̴̭̦͋ͅ Ơ̵̡͔͍̜̝̱̓̓̔̄ Ŗ̸͍̜̤̤̞̘͚̹̬̻͆̉͗͊̊͑̀̉̌̊̚͜͝
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 471
HP: 1,451,080 (145108 per minute)
MP: 1,370,910 (137091 per minute)
SP: 829,160 (82916 per minute)
AP: 1,229,610 (122961 per minute)
VIT: 36,277
STR: 46,639
DEX: 41,458
END: 37,219
INT: 36,748
WIS: 40,987
MAG: 45,697
LUK: 36,277
CHA: 39,103
Credits: 5,015,225,239 Credits
[Damn. That Aldoron may have been the biggest piece of shit we've ever met, but he
was a treasure trove of EXP]

"And we'll just keep getting stronger." I said as I ate the tree bark. "Hm, tastes just like beef
jerky."
You have gained the skill [Wood Dragon Slayer]!
[Wood Dragon Slayer LVL. 10/10]
A form of Dragon Slayer Magic that allows its user to generate, manipulate, and
presumably consume (like other forms of Dragon Slayer Magic) the element in question,
which in this case is wood. The user can use this Magic to grow multiple large trees
from the ground and attack their airborne targets.
The following techniques are available: Wood Dragon's Roar, Wood Dragon's Halberd,
Wood Dragon's Barrier, Wood Dragon's Wing Attack, Wood Dragon's Crushing Fang,
Wood Dragon's Golem, Wood Dragon's Line, Wood Dragon's Gaia Fist, Wood Dragon's
Dominance, Nature's Empath, Deep Forest Creation, Destiny of Death, Gears, Terra
Firma, Mayfly, Crest of the Sun, Solarbeam, Forest of Swords, Leaf Tempest
"Nice." I remark before getting another message.
You have gained multiple types of [Dragon Slayer Magic].
Would you like to fuse all [Dragon Slayer Magics] into one skill?
Y/N
I press Y.
New skill [Infinity Dragon Slayer] has been created!
[Infinity Dragon Slayer LVL. 1/10]
The ultimate form of Dragon Slayer Magic. This magic allows for the consumption and
manipulation of all elements, matter, magic, other forms of energy, and even conceptual
power. It also boosts the user's physical capabilities, enhances the senses and healing
capabilities beyond mortal limits. It is the truest essence of dragons, the embodiment of
power and destruction. Legends say that it is a sign of the birth of the true God of
Dragons and a new age of dragons. A symbol of magical dominance. It allows access to
all Dragon Slayer Magics from past, present, and future with complete mastery over
them.
The following techniques are available: Infinity Dragon Roar, Infinity Dragon's Iron
Fist, Infinity Dragon's Nova Fist, Infinity Dragon's Wing Attack, Infinity Dragon
Press… (AN: Yeah, you get the idea)
Costs 4000 MP to use
[Holy shit, it just keeps going]

I kept scrolling at the endless list of moves that I can perform. While there were moves from
the other magic types I absorbed, there are now tons and tons of original techniques at my
disposal.
I would be lying if I said I wasn't salivating at the idea of trying them all out.
You have gained multiple types of [Curses],
Would you like to fuse all [Curses] into one skill?
Y/N
I press yes again.
New skill [Eternal Curse] has been created!
[Eternal Curse LVL. 1/10]
The amalgamation of all of the Etherious' Curses.
Allows access to the following: Absorption, Alegria, Bomb, Calamity, Demon Eyes,
Enhancement, First Seal, Judgment of Malefic Star, Macro, Memento Mori,
Necromancer, Second Seal, Slippery, Tenchi Kaimei, Tenga Goken, Third Seal, Thorn
Cost 5000 AP to use
You have gained multiple types of magic.
Would you fuse [Magic] into one skill?
Y/N
"Do you even need to ask at this point?" I asked.
[Yeah, you're right]
New skill [Magic Manipulation] has been created!
[Magic Manipulation LVL. 1/10]
The power to manipulate magic and magical forces. The user commands the ability to
create, manipulate, and shape magic, an arcane power that enables supernatural effects
and mystic capabilities through various mystical practices like rituals, spells, and
potions, all rooted in arcane energies and otherworldly laws.
Users of this ability transcend conventional magical laws, manipulating magic's essence
and even its fundamental concept. They possess the capacity to surpass established
magical norms, establish new rules, and wield magical forces independently of the
conventional systems, distinguishing them from both mages and innate magic users who
adhere to predefined laws.

All magic previously obtained can still be used without repercussions.
Cost 10,000 MP to use
"Well, damn." I whisper under my breath.
[I get feeling you'll keep breaking the scales of power till there's no power left to gain]
"And I still have these." I pull out all of my [Legendary Gacha Tokens] from
my [Inventory]. "Let's see what I can get from these?"
[Go for it. I'm curious what you'll get this time around]
I smile and activate all the gacha tickets.
You gained the following skills from Legendary Gacha Tokens:
[Kaioken LVL. 1/10]
Your fighting spirit blazes through your body, pushing it to greater heights than ever
before. When used all stats are multiplied by however much the user demands, drains
5,000 SP per second, but it also allows you to use the following:
Kaioken x3: all physical stats gain an increase of 300,000. Drains 5,000 per second
Kaioken x5: all physical stats gain an increase of 500,000. Drains 17,000 SP per second
Kaioken x10: all physical stats gain an increase of 1,000,000. Drains 32,000 SP per
second
Kaioken x20: all physical stats gain an increase of 2,000,000. Drains 88,000 SP per
second
Kaioken x50: all physical stats gain an increase of 5,000,000. Drains 101,000 SP per
second
Kaioken x100: all physical stats are increased by 10,000,000. drains 500,000 SP per
second
Costs 5000 SP to activate
[No Motion Jump LVL. 1/10]
A specific fighting move used by Yuu Amanai and is the only known to use this
technique to date. It allows the user to propel himself into the air with telegraphing
unnoticeable movement. It is a way of jumping that's only possible with the leg strength
necessary to tear through a concrete floor.
Cost 750 SP to use
You gained the following items from Legendary Gacha Tokens:

[The Way of the Warrior] - Rank: EX
A book that contains the secrets of Ki and Martial Arts. The ultimate guide into
becoming a Martial Artist, said to contain every martial arts technique ever conceived.
[UMF Suit] - Rank: EX
Short for Unstable Molecule Fabric. A pitch-black, skintight yet flexible bodysuit made
from the impossibly rare and highly coveted Unstable Molecules, an indestructible and
omni-versatile meta-material that appears among a select few in depictions of the
Marvel Universe. It is completely indestructible, is universally compatible with all
physiques and abilities/powers, can be used in ANY environment or situation to be truly
all-terrain, is extremely elastic and flexible to ensure a perfect fit and no restrictions on
movement, can shapeshift into any outfit the user wishes, etc.
It is the ultimate meta-material that exists outside of logic and common sense that
provides the ultimate protection, comfort, stealth at the user's discretion, and
versatility.
[Omni Sword] - Rank: ?
The pinnacle of all swords. The blade remains shiny without tarnishing, and the edge is
always sharp. It is said to be capable of cutting anything, but that depends on the
contractor. Will bind to the first person to lift it.
∞ Damage
[Ash-Geninja's Pokéball] - Rank: A+++
This Pokéball contains Ash-Greninja, a unique Greninja unlike any other of his species
to ever exist or ever will exist, with an exclusive transformation that transcends even
Mega-Evolution and Primal Reversion based on the bond it shares with its trainer
known as the "Bond Phenomenon". This Greninja once belonged to Ash Ketchum and
was arguably his greatest Pokemon, surpassing even his iconic Pikachu.
You gained the following traits from Legendary Gacha Tokens:
[Rinne-Sharingan]
Also known as the Saṃsāra Copy Wheel Eye, it is a dōjutsu kekkei mōra and the
predecessor to the Rinnegan and Sharingan. First manifested by Kaguya Ōtsutsuki, it
possesses the abilities of both the Sharingan and Rinnegan, but what sets it apart is that
it allows the user to cast the [Infinite Tsukuyomi] on the planet as well as
interdimensional travel. It also allows for complete control of all 5 Basic Nature
Transformations, their combined forms, and Yin and Yang. It also grants the ability to
create and shape Truth-Seeking Orbs much like Kaguya. Also, unlike all other users,
you can turn them off at will.

The following techniques are now available: Amenominaka, Amenotejikara, Yomotsu
Hirasaka, Six Paths Technique, Six Paths Senjutsu, Black Receiver, Chakra Edible
Creation, Limbo: Border Jail, Origami Replacement Technique, Truth-Seeking Orbs,
Six Paths Ten-Tails Coffin Seal, God: Nativity of a World of Trees, Susanoo, Genjutsu:
Sharingan, Izanagi, Izanami, Amaterasu, Tsukuyomi, Kamui, Kotoamatsukami, Blaze
Release: Kagutsuchi
Warning!
Trait [Silver Eyes] is equipped as default.
Recommend merging of both traits.
Beginning fusion process…
New Trait created!
[Silver Rinne-Sharingan]
The combined form of [Silver Eyes] and [Rinne-Sharingan]. Grants all of their abilities
and techniques.
[Legendary Super Saiyan Mutation]
Grants the user the ability to turn into the Legendary Super Saiyan. Once acquired, it
instantly changes your race to [Saiyan] and grants you a monkey tail. Like all Saiyans,
you will turn into a Great Ape at the sight of a full moon as well as gain the [Super
Saiyan] transformations. But unlike normal Saiyans, your battle instincts and adaptive
capabilities are infinitely stronger and without equal, allowing you to potentially grow
at an unprecedented rate to an unprecedented level, and your Zenkai boosts are bigger
and constantly active when engaging powerful foes just like a certain God who inhabits
a Saiyan body. You will also have near-inexhaustible reserves of Ki upon transforming
into its unique line of Super Saiyan transformations, though controlling said power is
tricky if the user is overwhelmed by bloodlust. As a possessor of the Legendary Saiyan
Mutation, which is so rare to the point of near non-existence, your potential is truly
without limits, making you the strongest Saiyan to ever live.
Raises all stats by 5000 in base form. Transformation multiplies states by 40.
[Celestial Engineer]
You are a Lord of Creation, your creativity and ingenuity go beyond the divine. As
master builder, you are able to create/repair anything you can think of without
restriction as well as alter/enhance skills and items. Whether mechanical, magical, or
primordial in nature, it makes no difference. Nothing is outside the realm of possibility
to you once you start building.
Gives you the title [Master Forger].
[Master Forger]

Increases INT and WIS by 5000.
I'm a god… there's no mistaking it, I'm a god!
[You're lucky you have me to fuse the Rinne-Sharingan with your Silver Eyes. If you
didn't, you'd have to rip out your own eyeballs and then you'd never be able to turn the
Rinne-Sharingan off]
"Yeah, thanks." I said.
[Good. Praise me more. As compensation, I demand chocolate parfaits with whip cream
and strawberry syrup for being such a benevolent system~]
I roll my eyes. "Whatever."
*RIIIIIIIIPP~*
I turn my head back only for something furry to kiss my nose. I glance down and see a long
brown tail coming out of my pants just above my butt.
"This is gonna take a while to get used to." I comment as my new tail wiggles around
uncontrollably.
[I think it's cute]
*SMACK!* The tail suddenly smacks me in the face.
"Yeah, real cute." I massage my cheek.
*CRACK~*
I turn to the sudden sounds and find cracks forming on the walls and windows.
"What?" I look down and see my feet sinking into the floor. "What's going on!?"
[Your power is surging out of control, it's crushing everything around you. You need to
find a way to control it fast!]
More cracks spread as the room groans loudly before the roof starts to cave in.
"Shit, shit, shit!" I scroll through my [Inventory] hoping that there's something I can use to
stop this.
The buildings outside slowly get crushed as everyone collapses onto the ground, unable to
move.
"Hey… who's the bastard who's using [Gravity Magic]!?" Natsu yells, despite having his
face buried in the ground.
Gray struggles to raise his head as he watches everyone and everything get crushed.

"What's… happening…!?" Gray struggles to say.
Meanwhile, I search my pocket dimension like a madman for something that can help me.
And then I found it.
"Yes!" I pull out the [Shackles of Exodia], which appear as a set of rusty shackles, and put
them on my wrists and ankles.
In an instant, the pressure fades as I can feel my power being sealed away.
"Ugh." I suddenly collapse on the floor, feeling weaker than I've ever been in my life. "Shit.
Feels like I'm carrying dozens of cement blocks on my back."
[Those shackles were meant to restrain a being of god-like power, and you pretty much
fit the bill]
I grab onto the edge of my mattress frame and struggle to pull myself up but manage to land
on my bed.
"I feel sick…" I groan out.
[Don't be such a baby]
I open my status screen.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons, Master Forger
Race: Ę̸̰͓̙̄ R̴͙̻̫̞̂̎̿͒̎̿͋͆̑̇̚͝ͅ Ŗ̴̭̦͋ͅ Ơ̵̡͔͍̜̝̱̓̓̔̄ Ŗ̸͍̜̤̤̞̘͚̹̬̻͆̉͗͊̊͑̀̉̌̊̚͜͝
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 471
HP: 956,907 (95691 per minute)
MP: 720,506 (72051 per minute)
SP: 479,490 (47949 per minute)
AP: 1,425,593 (142559 per minute)
VIT: 23,923
STR: 24,026
DEX: 23,974

END: 23,932
INT: 47,477
WIS: 47,520
MAG: 24,017
LUK: 23,923
CHA: 23,951
Credits: 5,015,225,239 Credits
"I feel like I got a hangover." I groan out. "I can't believe how weak I got."
[You're still stronger than most people on this planet, so I don't see what your whining
about]
I adjust the shackles on my wrists. "These things are pretty tight. I wish they were more
comfortable." Suddenly, the shackles glow and when it fades, the shackles are now golden
with gemstones embroiled on them. "Much better."
[Why not go to a dungeon? It has been a while]
"Good idea." I open my menu and press the [ID: Create] icon.
Dungeons available:
Zombie Dungeon (Complete)
Lizardman Dungeon (Complete)
Bird Dungeon (Complete)
Demon Dungeon (Complete)
Machine Dungeon (Complete)
Diablo Dungeon
?
I arch an eyebrow at the name. "Diablo? Like the game Diablo? I remember playing it a few
times, but never really got into it."
[I think we should go for it. Don't you wanna fight demons again? I sure do]
"You just wanna be VEGA again."

[Yeah, because roleplaying is fun. We don't do fun things anymore and I hate it. C'mon,
for me?]
"Sure." I press yes and instantly, I find myself standing in front of the remains of a giant
golden gate.
I quickly climb the debris and reach the top, revealing a golden, but ravaged city. The clouds
in the sky are a dark red, completely covering the sun's light as red lightning can be seen
dancing within its density.
"Whoa…" I marvel at the beauty of the city, completely ignoring the destruction it's been
subjected to.
Quest Alert!
Quest: Lord of Terror
Reach the Crystal Arch and kill Diablo
Objective: Kill Diablo
Bonus Objective: Absorb Diablo's Soul
Hidden Objective: ?
Rewards: 198,777 EXP, 176,555 Credits, Legendary Gacha Tokens, Skills, items
"Hey, what the hell!?"
"!?" I turn back to see Natsu Dragneel climbing the mountains of ruined gold. "What the
hell…?"
[Well, this is unexpected]
"Hey, Azzy!" The knucklehead of Fairy Tail quickly climbs to the top and stands right next to
me. "What the hell's going on!? One moment I was in my room, next thing I know I'm
standing in the Celestial Spirit World!"
I was just confused. "How are you here…?"
"I could ask you the same thing!" Natsu said.
"Look, it's-" But the alert from my [Radar] puts me on edge. "Move!" I grab Natsu and we
jump off the mountain just in time to avoid a metal hammer crushing the top where they
stood.
We look up to see five tall flying monsters possessing skull-shaped faces, burnt off wings and
torn robes.
Name: Corrupted Angel

Level: 72
HP: 30,677
MP: 11,677
SP: 51,211
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Humans, KILL!
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 63/100]
One of the angels charges at sonic speeds but we jump apart just before it can hit us.
"Alright, you asked for it!" Natsu's charges forward and ignites one of his legs. "[Fire
Dragon's Claw]!" He leaps at one of the angels and hits it with a powerful roundhouse kick,
sending it flying towards one of ruined buildings.
However, Natsu's too late to sense the other four evil angels closing in on him, ready to
bludgeon him with their massive hammers.
"[Payback Over Requiem: The World]!" My Stand appears and time stops on my
command, freezing everything and everyone like a still image of a picture.
I fly towards the monsters and have my Stand bash them with a merciless barrage of rapid
punches, cracking their skulls and shattering their armor.
"[Time Will Resume]." The world regains color and monsters shoot out of the way like
bullets, each crashing to different areas of the city.
The first corrupted angel blasts itself out of the building and goes for the kill.
"[Fire Dragon's Sword Horn]!" Natsu lights his entire body ablaze and headbutts the
monster at a high speed, destroying its skull and killing it.
You have defeated Corrupted Angel(x5)! You have gained 56,399 EXP(x5)! You have
earned 43,566 Credits(x5)!
Level Up(x3)!
I walk up to the dragon slayer. "You okay, dude?"
"Yeah, but what were those things?" Natsu asks.
"Angels. Specifically angels that have succumbed to corruption." I explained.

Natsu tilts his head as a large question mark appears on top of his head. "Angels? Like Happy
and Carla?"
I sweat drop. "They're not cats."
Natsu crosses his arms together. "So where are we? Because this is definitely not Earth
Land."
"Okay, to sum it up, I have access to alternate dimensions that I use to train." I revealed,
surprising the [Salamander].
"Is that why you're so strong?" Natsu asks.
"Well, yes… among other things." I vaguely admit. "Anyways, I don't know how you
managed to get dragged here, but you need to leave."
"What!? But why!?" Natsu asks.
"Trust me. The monsters are a force to be reckoned with." I said. 'If this dungeon is meant to
represent Diablo 3, then Diablo would have become the [Prime Evil] a being with powers
surpassing God. Not to mention Malthael whose likely somewhere in the world.'
"Well, I'm not going! I'm staying to fight!" Natsu exclaims.
"This isn't up for discussion. You're going back and that's final." I told him.
"So you can get stronger!? No way! I wanna grow stronger, too!"
"Stop being so childish and think for a second! You don't know what your getting yourself
into, but I do. You won't last long without a guide." I argued.
"Then let's go together! We can beat anything that comes in our way!" Natsu retorts.
[There's just no convincing him, is there?]
'No. But then again, it wouldn't be Natsu if he wasn't such a thickheaded idiot.' I thought.
"Right, let's go!" Natsu said just as something creepy up from behind.
I quickly push him aside as sharp talons bounce right of my [Aura] absorbing the blow.
-89,409 Damage (50%)
1,389,967/1,434,671 AP
962,999/962,999 HP
I look up to see a female demon with pale skin, horns and wings wears an outfit that leaves
little to the imagination.
Name: Succubus

Level: 45
HP: 11,801
MP: 17,500
SP: 24,001
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Delicious
Name: Armored Destroyer
Level: 50
HP: 40,190
MP: 9,901
SP: 29,209
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Roadkill
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 64/100]
[Looks like they were waiting]
"Oh yeah!" Natsu jumps at the incoming flock of Succubi. "[Fire Dragon's Brilliant
Flame]!"
As Natsu takes care of his share of demons, I turn my attention to mine. "So," I summon
my [Omni-Sword] and raise it at the demons. "Who wants to go first?"
Armored Destroyers roar and charge forward only to be cut down with relative ease.
I look at the corpses and turn to my reflection on the blade. "This sword is amazing! The way
it cuts into their flesh is just perfect!"
More Armored Destroyers charge in and get cut down. "C'mon. Let me break in my new
sword more."
Suddenly, the ground trembles as something massive approaches. Eventually, three hulking
red demons walk wielding equally large maces.
Name: Oppressor

Level: 54
HP: 34,687
MP: 9,001
SP: 21,098
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL
"Shit." I said.
[Hey, you asked for it]
However, it didn't stop as more Corrupted Angels appeared. Not just them but a variety of
other demons I didn't think existed.
Name: Phasebeast
Level: 39
HP: 24,687
MP: 9,001
SP: 11,098
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 65/100]
Name: Demonic Tremor
Level: 43
HP: 27,870
MP: 9,001
SP: 21,098
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL

Name: Terror Demon
Level: 36
HP: 24,313
MP: 10,001
SP: 11,098
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL
Name: Demon Tropper
Level: 54
HP: 34,687
MP: 7,099
SP: 21,098
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 66/100]
Name: Armaddon
Level: 47
HP: 26,187
MP: 9,109
SP: 31,109
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: KILL
[You really need to learn when to keep your mouth shut]
I slice a few demons, but the more I kill, the more appear to take their place. Like a fucking
clown car!

"This is getting ridiculous!" I cut off an angel's only for an Oppressor to bash me in the head
with his mace.
-119,485 Damage (50%)
1,330,225 /1,434,671 AP
962,999/962,999 HP
"Are you kidding me!? This is a blast! So many opponents to take on! You should tell me
whenever you go on these trips! I want more of this kind of action!" Natsu exclaims and he
climbs onto an Oppressor's head and ignites it.
The hulking demon shrieks in agony as it bends one knee and collapses.
More demons charge at Natsu, but all their attacks are deflected by his [Aura].
[Hey, is it just me or is his Aura glowing brighter?]
"Hehehe… you bastards better start trying, because I'M NOT HOLDING BACK!" Natsu's
body glows a reddish-orange as pulls his arm back. "[Fire Dragon's Aura Fist]!" He
punches forward, unleashing a hurricane of fire that instantly engulfs all of the demons in
front of him, incinerating them to ashes along with any other structure caught in its wake,
which was everything in front of Natsu.
Where they were once ruined structures, now is a gigantic burning scorch mark. The demons
that managed to survive scream in agony as their inside are scorched from inside and their
bodies turn to ashes.
"Holy shit…" Even I'm dumbstruck by Natsu's level of power.
[Damn, and here I thought Natsu couldn't get more destructive. I feel bad for Makarov
and Natsu's team, he's gonna give them a ton of strokes]
"I think Natsu will take Deliora's place as the [Demon of Destruction] at this rate." I said in
a resigned tone. "Heck, he might be the [Dragon of Destruction] at this point!"
[Gray will not be happy about that]
Just then, more demons appear and quickly close the distance between us.
I grip my sword tighter. "Enough of this." I whip around and take a deep breath. "[Ice Devil's
Rage]!" I unleash a massive purple blizzard at the demons which freezes everything it comes
into contact with, turning them all into purple ice sculptures.
The ice cracks and everything quickly falls apart, leaving nothing but cold wind and
misshapen ice.
You have defeated Corrupted Angel(x2)! You have gained 56,399 EXP(x2)! You have
earned 43,566 Credits(x2)!

You have defeated Succubus(x7)! You have gained 23,909 EXP(x7)! You have earned
13,401 Credits(x7)!
You have defeated Armored Destroyer(x6)! You have gained 27,002 EXP(x6)! You have
earned 15,098 Credits(x7)!
You have defeated the Oppressor(x7)! You have gained 40,102 EXP(x7)! You have
earned 31,756 Credits(x7)!
You have defeated Phasebeast(x4)! You have gained 25,233 EXP(x4)! You have earned
15,210 Credits(x4)!
You have defeated Demonic Tremor (x8)! You have gained 21,677 EXP(x8)! You have
gained 11,312 Credits(x8)!
You have defeated Terror Demon(x11)! You have gained 20,900 EXP(x11)! You have
gained 13,097 Credits(x11)!
You have defeated Demon Tropper(x5)! You have gained 38,655 EXP(x5)! You have
gained 26,012 Credits(x5)!
You have defeated Armaddon(x6)! You have gained 27,344 EXP(x6)! You have gained
14,511 Credits(x6)!
Level Up(x21)!
Skill Level Up(x2)!
[Blade Mastery LVL. 46/100]
[Ice Devil Slayer Magic LVL. 5/10]
"Aw, it's over already?" Natsu exclaimed in a disappointed tone. "I wanted to fight some
more!"
"These were just the grunts. We'll encounter stronger enemies the closer we get to the boss." I
warned the salmon-haired dragon slayer. "Also, remind me to give something to Erza to fix
any collateral damage you cause."
"What? Why?" Natsu asked in confusion, causing me to look at him with a little disbelief.
"Natsu, while I find your destructive tendencies amusing and endearing, I know it can be
stressful and frustrating for your team and guild." I gesture to the smoldering pit. "And seeing
the destruction you just caused is gonna give everyone in Fairy Tail all sorts of health issues,
whether from the destruction or the bills."
"?" Natsu just looks even more confused.
[Is he seriously not getting it?]

'If he did, then the guild wouldn't be getting so many complaints.' I sigh in resignation.
"Okay, I decided to let you come with me."
"Yippee!" Natsu cheers.
"But!" I interrupted his cheer. "You need to stay by my side at all times and never wander off.
Got it?"
Natsu frantically nods.
"Good." I told him as we walk towards the Crystal Arch.
"Hey, Azzy. What's that?" Natsu asks, pointing at something.
I turned to the direction he was pointing at, with the only thing in said direction
being [Payback Over Requiem], who I kept on standby, causing me to quickly turn my eyes
back to the dragon slayer.
"Wait, you can see him?" I asked in surprise.
"What do you mean? Kinda hard to miss something like that. Is it some kind of spirit or
something?" Natsu asked.
'How is Natsu able to see my Stand?' I couldn't help but ask.
[It might have something to do with when you gave Natsu that Chaos-infusion that let
him unlock his Chaos Fire Dragon Mode. After all, Mira wasn't able to see it until after
her evolution. Natsu may be undergoing his own evolution but at a slower pace]
'Yeah, and that's what worries me. There's no telling what can happen.' I thought. [Chaos
Energy] is, by nature, very unpredictable. It could benefit him or outright kill him.
'Come to think of it, Mira hasn't talked to me at all since we came to Drameel.' I realized.
[Everyone has been too distracted with celebrating to follow up on those explanations
you promised them. Though after that power surge before you put on the Shackles of
Exodia, don't be surprised if everyone starts flocking at your doorstep]
'In that case, we should finish this quickly.' I thought. "Hey Natsu, let's take a shortcut."
"Okay, where's-" But he doesn't finish as I grab him and we fly towards the Crystal Arch. We
were soon met with resistance by more demons, but I used my Stand's time stop ability to
skip through them and crash into the citadel.
"Whoa! You're faster than happy!" Natsu said, unaffected by the fact we crashed head-first
into a building made of gold.
"Well, we're in a bit of a hurry."
Natsu arches an eyebrow. "Hey, you alright man? You seem a little… off."

I sigh. "Sorry, I'm just really annoyed for some reason. I guess it's because I'm weaker now
and one of those bastards managed to hit me."
"Weak? You don't seem weak to me." Natsu remarks.
"Trust me, I'm actually supposed to be a LOT stronger," I raise my arms, showing him my
shackles. "But due to a massive surge in my power that I wasn't able to control, I had to use
these shackles to restrict the output of my power to a mere 1%."
"Wait, 1%?!" Natsu exclaimed in shock and disbelief. "You're telling me the power you used
just now is only 1%?! How strong are you?!"
"In all honesty, I have no idea." I replied. "My power and potential are shot through the roof,
so there's no telling how strong I truly am. But until I can master it and control it better, I'm
stuck at 1%."
"Okay, we seriously need to fight now." Natsu said.
"Didn't you just hear a word I said?" I asked.
"Yeah, but it just makes me more excited! I wanna fight you with everything I got!" Natsu
yelled.
I snort. "Of course you do, you're a bonafide battle maniac. But then again, all fire dragons
are battle maniacs, which apparently extends to Fire Dragon Slayers."
"Hell yeah we are!" Natsu proclaimed proudly, before glancing at his surroundings. "What
the?"
I turned to see what got his attention and I couldn't even believe it myself.
Before us is a gigantic cavern, probably the largest we've ever seen. However, that isn't what
caught our attention.
It's the feeling we get from this place. It is cold and desolate, dark and twisted. There is
nothing but darkness and an incredibly uncomfortable silence.
"What is this place?" Natsu begins to rub his hands together. "It's freezing! How the hell am I
getting cold!?"
[It's like we just entered into the domain of death]
"... this is wrong. We need to leave, now." I said.
"Don't need to tell me twice!" Natsu and I turn back to the hole we made.
… except it wasn't there.
"The hell!? Didn't we crash through here just a minute ago!?" Natsu goes up to the rocky wall
and touches it, only to find that it's solid. "[Fire Dragon's Iron Fist]" He punches the wall,

but all that did was make the [Salamander] recoil from the pain in his hand. "Argh! What the
hell is this rock made of!?"
I walk up to the wall and touch where Natsu hit it. "There isn't even a scorch mark on it."
'Someone knows we're here, and they clearly don't want us to leave.' I thought.
'[False Data: Life].' A green veil surrounds me as the skill takes effect.
"Wait, is that water?" Natsu's voice catches my attention as I see him standing at the edge of a
cliff
"I thought I told you not to wander off." I make my way towards Natsu and look down at the
large body of water below, but something's wrong. Instead of seeing our reflection, we saw
something that couldn't be described in words, but rather in feelings as there seemed to be an
accumulation of emotions coming from the water.
[Snap out of it!]
"!" I gasp and quickly grab Natsu and pull him away from the edge.
"W-What happened!?" Natsu said, not aware of what happened.
"Whatever this is, this isn't normal water." I noted. "It felt like my mind was being pulled into
the water. If we had stayed longer, we may have lost ourselves."
"Interesting. To think there were mortals who could resist the Pools of Wisdom." A
voice speaks out of nowhere which catches our attention. "But then again, neither of you
are human in nature."
This made Natsu angry. "What do ya mean not human!? We're 100% human, pal!"
[No, not really]
"You know he kind of has a point." I point out.
Natsu whips his head to face me. "Hey, don't encourage him!"
I give the idiot a blank look. "Natsu, I'm a dragon/demon hybrid who also got a monkey's
tail." My brown tail rises to emphasize my point. "I'm pretty sure that isn't something humans
have."
"Well, I guess-"
"Also, from what I gathered, aren't you an Etherious created by Zeref who used his dead little
brother as a template? Not to mention being raised and taught [Fire Dragon Slayer] magic
by Igneel, the [Fire Dragon King]? You're not exactly human yourself either, chief."
"Okay fine! But it shouldn't give him the right to look down on us or underestimate
humanity!" Natsu argues.

"I never said it did, but we can talk after we kick its ass." I told him.
"Such arrogance. You believe the two of you together have the power to defeat me? That
is absolutely ludicrous."
"If that's what you think, then why don't do us a favor and reveal yourself instead of wasting
our time?" I goaded.
Suddenly, thick dark fog begins to permeate from every direction of the cavern, obscuring the
walls and lake.
"What's going on!?" Natsu yells before the two of us are completely swallowed by the
darkness.
The next thing we know, we are standing on a massive platform of sorts made of black metal
with azure flame lighting what is otherwise a dark void.
"The soulstone is upon Sanctuary. The blood of demons will soon be gone from all
Creation."
The two of us turn to a dark cloud in the center before it dissipates, revealing a humanoid
figure wearing dark robes and armor. Its face is obscured in darkness by the large hood over
its head as ghostly skeletal wings come out of its back. It carries two black razor-sharp
sickles in each hand.
'He finally appears.' I narrow my eyes at the newcomer with apprehension.
"You are not Nephalean, yet you both have demon blood within you although it is
diluted." The creature comments. "Most curious."
"That's because we're dragon slayers, you bastard!" Natsu yells.
"Dragon slayers… humans who have the power of slay dragons. I did not realize
humans had evolved this far."
"Who are you?" I asked.
"I am Malthael. Remember it when you enter the afterlife." Malthael said.
"Like hell that's gonna happen!" Natsu exclaims.
"It is inevitable." Malthael brandishes his sickles. "Death comes to us all."
Before we knew it, Mathael was right between us.
"!" We jump back just as the bastard swipes his sickles at us.
Name: Malthael

Title: Archangel of Wisdom, The Silent Angel, The Angel of Death, Architect of the
Eternal Conflict, The Guardian, The Reaper
Level: ?
Affiliation: High Heavens(former), Reapers
HP: 966,788
MP: 904,861
SP: 1,0001,511
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Save through death
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 67/100]
Natsu leaps forward. "[Lighting Fire Dragon's Firing Hammer]!" He engulfs his forearm
in both fire and lighting and hits the angel in the torso.
But it did nothing.
"What!?" Natsu exclaims in shock and horror as Malthael looks down at him.
"Is this all of the power you can muster, demon?" Malthael asks before quickly going for
Natsu's neck only to suddenly vanish. "?"
"You okay?" I ask Natsu.
Natsu nods. "Yeah."
"You may want to sit this one out." Natsu's eyes widened. "This guy… he's way outta your
league."
"What?! No way!" Natsu shouted. "I'm not gonna leave you to fight this bastard on your
own! Besides, didn't you say most of your power was suppressed!?"
"Yes, mostly suppressed." I clarify. "But I'm by no means weak. It just means the fight will
take longer than normal."
As I said this, [Payback Over Requiem] appeared behind me.
"It's that spirit thing again!" Natsu replied. "You know, you never told me what it is."
"It's called a Stand, think of it as a more potent version of a [Semblance]." I told him.
"And you had something like that all along? Man, I am so jealous!" Natsu exclaims.

"Interesting. A spirit capable of manipulating the laws of the universe is unheard
of." Malthael turns to us. "How truly… bizarre."
I smirk. "You haven't seen anything yet." I raise my right leg and slam it to the floor.
And the world breaks.
Malthael watches as reality around him twists and bends as the floor he is standing on breaks
away.
"What is this?" Malthael asks, puzzled before he senses something approaching. "!?"
"MUDA!" The bizarre spirit punches the fallen angel in the chest, sending it flying across the
splintered reality before crashing on a floating rock.
Malthael doesn't waste any time and stands upright despite being on a perfect 90-degree
angle and not falling.
He leaps forward and raises his sickles to attack but I block them with the [Sparda], although
he manages to overpower me and send me crashing down.
"Hey, ugly!" Malthael turns to the defiant voice of Natsu. "[Lightning Fire Dragon's
Attack]!" He charges at the fallen angel at high speeds and delivers a powerful fire and
lightning-clad punch, knocking the monster back.
Malthael stops the momentum but sees the spirit from earlier rushing for him.
"MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!MUDA!" It screams as it sends a barrage of lightspeed
punches at him, all of which he manages to dodge.
Until one of them manages to scrape his hood.
"!" Malthael swings his sickle and the spirit dodges, only to reveal the other mortal charging
an energy blast.
"[Hyper Beam]!" I fire a massive stream of energy that quickly engulfs the fallen energy and
obliterates the fractured glass of reality.
Natsu jumps towards me. "Dude, that was sick! Where did you learn to do that!?" He asks
excitedly before noticing his friend's tired state. "Hey, you okay?"
"Yeah, yeah. It's just… using this technique takes a lot of stamina." I groan before taking a
knee. "It may take a few minutes to recover."
[I don't think we have a "few minutes", dude]
"!" I quickly push Natsu away.
"Hey, what're you-!?" But Natsu stops as he sees what happened.

Malthael stabbed Azzy in the chest with both his sickles.
"AZZY!" Natsu screams out.
-5,003,988 Damage (-50%)
0/1,498,220 AP
0/1,005,646 HP
"Now, sleep forevermore." Malthael said.
[Payback Over Requiem] fades away and immediately reality returns back to how it was
before.
Malthael pulls his sickles out of the corpse and lets it fall limply to the ground with an
audible thud.
"AZZY!" Natsu rushes to his friend. "C'mon, don't die on me! Don't you fucking dare!"
"You are too late, he is already gone." Malthael states.
"You still owe me a fight, man!" Tears rolled off Natsu's face. "What about Brandish, or
Cana, or Mira!? Are you seriously gonna leave them alone!?" He starts shaking the corpse
violently. "C'mon, say something already, you fucker! After all you did for everyone, is THIS
how you want it to end!?"
"It's no use. But do not fret." Malthael floats forward, his sickles dripping with fresh blood
as he raises them at Natsu. "You will join him soon enough."
However, as the sickles make their descent, Natsu's head whips back and the angel sees
something he is all too familiar with.
Rage.
*BOOM!*
Malthael is blown away by the force of a sudden attack, being pushed over a dozen meters
away and is slightly disoriented.
When he got his bearings back together and focused on what struck him, he saw the very
same mortal he was planning to kill, only now he looked different.
His appearance has changed. His vest is gone, revealing large portions of his body now
covered in pitch-black marking that seem to be spreading and his left eye has a yellow iris
and blackened sclera. In addition, he has a prominent set of horns sprouting on both sides of
his head.
Overall, his appearance befitted that of a demon

"You…!" Natsu growled in a dark tone laced with power. "I'M GOING TO FUCKING
KILL YOU!"
Natsu then shot forward and let forth an onslaught of attacks against Malthael.
"Guh!" Malthael grunts from the pain as he is unable to dodge the merciless onslaught.
"[Demonic Fire Dragon's Raging Flame]!" In an instant, Natsu launches a massive whirl of
flames towards Malthael as he spins his arm counterclockwise.
"Aah!" The Angel of Death screams in agony. He can feel the cursed flames injecting into
his body like a poison and eating away at him. "Guh… this can't be…!"
"[Demonic Fire Dragon's Sword]!" Natsu swings his arm in an arc, creating a large
crescent wave of dark red energy that instantly slices through Malthael and the pillars behind
him.
"Argh!" Malthael grabs onto his sliced abdomen as blue energy escapes from the wound.
"You are stronger than I anticipated, mortal. The death of your friend seems to have
awakened the demon inside you." Malthael comments as his wound quickly heals. "But a
false demon's power will never be a match for the genuine article."
Cursed flames dance around Natsu as he slowly walks towards Malthael with a crooked step.
Unfocused yellow eyes stare at him with unbridled hatred.
"Kill you… I must kill you…" Natsu mutters out loud, his words resembling that of beastial
growls.
"It seems you are losing yourself to your anger. How typical of your kind." Malthael
sighs as he slowly ascends. "The end is inevitable. You only need to die, and your pain
will end."
Natsu launches himself at the angel, but Malthael releases a swarm of glowing blobs that hit
Natsu's limbs, freezing them. But to the angel's shock, the demon is not deterred and his
limbs quickly thrawl from the insane heat his body is emitting.
"[Demonic Energy Blast]!" Natsu raises his right hand forward and
gathers [Curse] and [Magic] energy before immediately releasing it right in front of
Malthael, creating a massive explosion.
From the smoke, Malthael flies upwards to create some distance but is once again thwarted as
Natsu grows bat-like wings to quickly catch up to him.
"[Demonic Fire Dragon's Hellbound Fist]!" Natsu clenches his fist as cursed flames cloak
around it to form a dragon's head and punches the fallen angel right through his armor and his
chest, sending a shockwave so powerful that causes the entire realm to shake and sending
Malthael flying straight towards the void outside of the platform.
Natsu lands on the arena and looks as his hellish flames engulf most of the structure.

"Hahaha…!" Natsu chuckles before breaking into a fit of insane
cackling. "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
However as he laughs, his eyes soon swivel to the corpse resting to the side unaffected by the
flames, and his expression changes to one of sadness and melancholy.
"I'm sorry…" Natsu mutters, a speck of clarity manifests as his eyes regain their original
color.
"You got nothing to apologize for." A voice comes out of the corpse's mouth.
"!?" Natsu looks and sees the corpse's eyes staring at him with a smile.
"But, if you really want to make it up to me, how about treating me to a meat lover's buffet
when we get back?" I smiled.
"H-How!?" Natsu stammers as he sees his friend slowly rise.
"By the skin of my teeth, Natsu. And no, I'm not gonna teach you how to do it. This
is my trade secret." I told him.
[It was clever of you to mentally cast False Data: Life on yourself so that Malthael
couldn't sense your lifeforce. A good way to playing possum with an angel of death]
"By the way, I like your new look. Makes you look like an actual-Whoa!" I'm suddenly
tackled into a strong hug.
"I… I thought you died! I thought I wasn't gonna see my friend again!" Natsu cried.
I arch an eyebrow. "Natsu, you've only known me for a week. Besides, you still have your
family, I'm sure you'll be fine."
"Don't say that! You are just as part of my family as Fairy Tail is!" Natsu exclaims.
"Natsu…"
"After everything you've done, you are definitely family to me!" Natsu exclaims. "I
mean, you bailed me out of jail! You saved the guild from the [White Wizard] when they
were under her control! You helped us against overwhelmingly impossible odds against
Aldoron! Hell, you brought us back to life after we were all killed by Aldoron, with a lot
of us being revived TWICE! How would you NOT be practically family at this point?!"
I was silent as Natsu continued his tirade.
[He does have a valid point. As short as your time has been with them, strong bonds and
relationships can be formed immediately in the face of adversity and shared struggle,
and you've done more than enough to earn the respect and bond with Fairy Tail to be
considered family.]

"Okay, Natsu." I replied with a heartfelt smile. "It's good to know how much you all value
me, and sorry for making you worry."
+33 Reputation with Natsu Dragneel (100/100)
"You better be!" Natsu said with his signature goofy grin.
"You… you think you've won…!?"
"!?" We both turn to see Malthael floating in the center of the ring, his body burned and his
armor in shambles.
"You are imbued with the power of the flames of hell." Malthael summons a large
obsidian crystal ominous glowing orange. "But do not think you have the advantage, for I
possess more than one weapon!"
He smashes the crystal with his sickle, shattering it into hundreds of pieces. However, the
pieces stopped before spreading and quickly flew towards Malthael and sank deep into his
body.
"Yessssss!" Malthael hisses like a snake as unholy power courses through his body until it
explodes outwards, healing his injuries and restoring his armor.
"Now, you will die." Malthael declares.
"I don't think so." I stand up. "Because you've just made a big mistake."
"And that is?" Malthael asks.
"Not making sure I was dead, because now I'm going to erase you." I declared.
"Foolishness, you cannot kill Death." Malthael said.
"Wanna bet?" I widen my posture and clench my fists as I grit my teeth. "Haaaah!" Wisps of
electricity dance around as pressure begins to build up.
"Hey, do you need to go to the bathroom or something?" Natsu asks before getting hit in
the chest by a stray lighting bolt. "Ouch!"
Malthael looks on as the entire area begins to shake violently as a vibrant and sparking green
aura begins to cloak him and his power rises higher and higher
"What is this? It's like nothing I've ever felt before." Malthael said.
"HAAAAAAHHHHHH!" The floor cracks underneath him as he begins to levitate upwards
before unleashing a vibrant, flaming green aura. The energy output is so strong that it causes
reality itself to violently shift colors.
When the violent quake ends, the two see Asmodeus floating just above them but now appear
different. He is now much taller and more buff, his eyes are now a vibrant blue. His hair now

stands on end, giving it a rising, flame-like appearance along with its color changing to a
glowing emerald green, with his tail also gaining this color.
However, what makes him stand out is massive amounts of power he seems to be generating
and increasing at an exponential rate.
"Whoa…" Even Natsu can't help but be dumbstruck by this.
Malthael tightens his grip on the sickles. "It matters not what form you take, death
consumes all."
"In that case," The monster points at him, his voice low and threatening. "How about
becoming the first of my victims?"
"So cool…" Natsu says in awe.
"Such insolence. I will wipe that arrogance from the universe!" Malthael flies towards
him, but suddenly doubles back as he is struck in the chest.
"Weak." I scoff and deliver a spin kick, dropping his sickles and sending crashing straight to
the wall forming a large crater.
I laugh. "THIS is the Angel of Death!? What a joke! That little stone of yours was nothing
but pure bullshit!"
Malthael tries to move only for a large hand to grab his head and pin him back to the wall.
'H-How!? I didn't see him move!' A distraught Malthael said.
"Game over. I win." I said.
Malthael tries to break free from his grip but finds it impossible. He can feel this... this
THING'S power visibly rising without end. It was like he was pinned by the ABYSS
ITSELF!
"Y-You're… a monster…!" Malthael utters.
"You lost the bet." My [Silver Rinne-Sharingan] activates. "And now to collect my
winnings."
I slam my left hand directly into Malthael's armor. My fingers sink into his armor without
issue until my palm is flat against his abdomen. Then he begins to reel his arm back and in
his hand something blue slowly makes its way out.
"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!" Malthael begins to thrash around in an attempt to dislodge
the monster from him.
Natsu looks up at the loud screams coming from the darkness beyond… he kind of likes it.
"N…o… I am… I am!" Malthael screams out.

"Oh, shut up." With one more tug, I pull out Malthael's soul completely. But as I did, black
smoke shoots upwards to the roof.
Blue wisps escape from the now empty husk before exploding into blue light.
I turn to the soul in my hand and stare at it for a moment. "Hm, I wonder." Black energy
surges from my hand into the soul and forces it to sink into my hand, effectively absorbing it.
"Whoa!" I said as I was hit with a sudden surge of power.
You have defeated Malthael! You have gained 788,670 EXP! You have earned 555,432
Credits!
Level Up(x10)!
[False Data: Life LVL. 2/10]
You have plundered the following:
[Master of Death]
Through tenacity and experience, you have become a being with control over life and
death that exceeds even deities who rule over both aspects. All abilities and skills
pertaining to the 2 concepts, including healing, resurrection, creation of living beings,
enhancement of living beings, bestowing immortality, and death-based techniques are
exponentially stronger, with the potential to grow over time.
[Fallen Seraphim]
Allows the user to transform into a Fallen Seraphim, an archangel with a total of 12
wings (6 on each side) who has been cast out of heaven for committing a grave sin.
Boosts all stats x10,000.
Absolute immunity to light-based attacks.
+12 Affection from #$*%# (12/100)
[What the hell…?]
"?"I look at the center of the crater and see something lodge there. I grab and easily pull it out
and look at it.
[Worldstone Fragment] - Rank: ?
A fragment of the Worldstone, an object of infinite power. It has the power to alter
reality among other things, however, it was corrupted during the Great Conflict by the
Three Prime Evils and was shattered by Tyreal.

[Another source of infinite power, though this one is corrupted and shattered into tiny
pieces. Even I know it'd be scummy if I gave you a fetch quest for who knows how many
shards are laying around]
I close my hand around the shard and it glows bright red for a moment. When I open it, the
shard remains the same, but has a lighter shade of red than when I found it.
Natsu looks on as his friend flies back to the arena and lands in front of him.
"You did it. You killed him." Natsu said.
"Yeah. And I took his soul. I honestly didn't think I could do that." I remark as I drop the
shard in my pocket dimension.
"You can take people's SOULS NOW!? How does that feel?" Natsu asks.
"It's just like when I absorb energy, except in this case, there's more of a heavier aftertaste. In
Malthael's case, his soul was like eating blackberries. "I explained. "Anyways, that's the least
of our concerns."
"What do you mean?"
"When I was extracting Malthael's soul, something escaped and headed up. I don't think our
quest is over just yet."I told him before watching Natsu walking towards one of Malthael's
sickles and picking it up. "What are you doing?"
"Just grabbing a souvenir. No biggie." Natsu says with a smile.
I roll my eyes. "Whatever." I open my pocket dimension and take out a [Chaos
Emerald]. "Ready?"
Natsu walks up to me and grabs my shoulder.
"[Chaos Control]." The two of us disappear in a flash of light and reappear back in the
cavern.
"We're back!" Natsu says before noticing his friend not responding. "Azzy?"
Instead of responding, I raise my arm and fire a large beam of energy, destroying the roof and
opening a path to the very top.
"Let's end this."I fly through the holes and quickly make it to the highest point of the building
and on the other side is an extremely tall demon with a red body and bone-like spikes
protruding from his back and two large horns on both sides of its head. Its physique is
feminine with pronounced hips, as well as multiple mouths.
Name: Diablo
Title: The Dark Lord, Lord of Terror, The Prime Evil, Metus, Survivor of the Dark
Exile, Leader of the Three, Destroyer of Souls, The Terror Lord

Level: ?
Affiliation: Burning Hells
HP: 56,701
MP: 49,800
SP: 21,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Weary
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 68/100]
[It seems he hasn't recovered to full strength. Best not to waste such an opportunity]
"[Almighty Push]." The Prime Evil is blown back by the sudden attack of gravity to a
nearby wall before four [Chromas] pierce through all of his limbs pinning him to the wall.
"What is the meaning of this?! How dare you, you wretched mortal!" Diablo yells as he
struggles to break free.
"I'm not in the mood for another boss fight. I'm just going to take your soul and get the hell
out of here." I slowly make my way towards him.
Diablo merely laughs. "You think you can take my soul!? I am the Prime Evil! Nothing
can contain me!"
"Yeah, and I bet Malthael thought the same before I ripped the literal lifeforce out of him." I
said.
Diablo unleashes a blood-curling roar that blows away everything in the Crystal Arch, but I
simply reach out and rip Diablo's lower jaw and crush it into bloody paste.
I grab the demon's head and quickly pull out his soul and absorb it on the spot.
You have defeated Diablo! You have earned 901,412 EXP! You have gained 780,009
Credits!
Level Up(x12)!
Skill Level Up!
You plundered the following:
[Demon form: Diablo]

The user can take the form of Diablo himself. In this form the user has powers, abilities
and traits of the Lord of Terror. However, the user personality starts to change in this
form, like the Diablo the user is calm, cunning and patient. He sees himself as an artist
of terror.
All stats go up by x3500.
Merging traits…
New trait created!
[Majin]
[Majin]
The archetype of evil, a Beast born from the primordial evil of the human heart. A form
where the user becomes a demonic being who transcends the realm of man. Possesses
dark and destructive capabilities that even gods are afraid of. Its presence alone alters
reality, cascading everything and everyone into a realm of maddening pain and
suffering.
Boosts all stats x25,000.
You inherited the title [Lord of Terror]
[Lord of Terror]
You bring fear and terror to the hearts and minds of your enemies and victims. The
user feeds from the fears of your enemies becoming more powerful. Like Diablo, you
have the ability to influence the minds of your victims and latch onto their most
crippling fears, using a person's own fears against them.
All lower level enemies' stats will decrease by 50% and the user stats will increase by
the fears of the victims and enemies. The stronger and power the fears, the stronger and
powerful you will become.
Quest Complete!
Lord of Terror
Objective (Complete): Kill Diablo
Bonus Objective (Complete): Absorb Diablo's Soul
Hidden Objective (Complete): Defeat Malthael and take his soul
Rewards: 198,777 EXP, 176,555 Credits, Legendary Gacha Tokens, Items, Skills
Level Up(x2)!

[Gorehowl, Might of the Warchief] - Rank: EX
The legendary two-handed axe that belonged to Grommash Hellscream the great
warlord with the iron will and chieftain of Warsong clan. This weapon was forged three
generations before Grommash inherited it. Grommash's great-grandfather used the
Gorehowl to kill six legendary Gronn. Their hearts were sealed into the blade, granting
it untold strength. This blade has spilled the blood of many warriors, beasts and has
sown terror across hundreds of battlefields. This weapon was even used to slay a
powerful Pit lord Mannoroth.
22,876 + STR/ENDx3.5 Physical damage
[Hellrender] - Rank: A
A massive weapon that is wielded by Fel lords that of Burning Legion, this one had
different color and was wielded by Fel Lord Zakuun who was taken to break the iron
will of the orcish chieftain Grommash Hellscream. Those weapons can control flames
and are so powerful that one strike can kill the foe.
23,290 + STRx3 Physical/Fire damage
[Summon: Reaper LVL. 1/10]
You can summon the [Reapers], a sect of fallen angels that have joined Malthael in his
mission to eradicate humanity.
The total number that can be summoned is 27 per hour.
Cost 2401 MP to summon
[Summon: Bianco Angelo LVL. 1/10]
You can summon [Bianco Angelo], a man-made soldier made from the fragment of a
demon known as the "dark angel". Filled with either a human or demonic soul, it
carries out its master's orders with mechanical precision.
The total number that can be summoned is 12 per hour.
Costs 3001 MP to summon
[Summon: Demonic Hell Bearer LVL.1/10]
A colossal centipede-like demon that originates from the depths of Hell. These creatures
are quite durable and can climb on the walls and anchor with their claws. They can
transport their passengers to the various places, when in a place they vomit their
passengers forth in surprisingly strategic streams, they very useful in battles and siege
attacks
The total numbers of demons and other beings each Hell Bearer can transport is finite
by 37 numbers.

Cost 3150 MP to summon
[Summon: Siegebreaker Assault Beast LVL. 1/10]
The Siegebreakers are massive demons, monsters of legends, of nightmares and thin
whispers in the dark. They are the most prized champion of all demon lords because of
their massive size and strength; enough to turn any battle in its master's favor. Legends
of the Siegebreakers entered mortal imagination, becoming the stuff of nightmare, but
all who saw it perished.
Cost 7102 MP to summon
[Summon: Gebdu, Mountain Breaker LVL. 1/10]
One of the members of Hearthrot, a coalition of six powerful demons. A creature of
solitude. Gebdu strives to purge the land of life, leaving behind a bare and desolate
world. Gebdu relies on his massive strength and size to collapse caverns, shatter towns
and people to the paste.
Cost 9901 MP to summon
[Legendary Gacha Token(x6)]
Natsu flies through the hole and sees what happened.
"Aw, I missed it!" Natsu pouts.
I turn to face him. "Trust me, you didn't miss much."
Natsu lands next to me. "So, do we go home now?"
"Not just yet. There's one more thing I gotta try." I open my pocket space and take out
my [Worldstone Fragment] and let it float upwards.
My hands glow gold and the shard glows the same color. From the horizon, multiple red
lights can be seen quickly approaching as shards of varying sizes begin to converge on that
one shard, purifying each other as it reunites.
Natsu's eyes comically widen as there is now a gigantic red crystal; so large that its shadow
eclipses the entire realm.
"What the hell is that?!" Natsu exclaimed in shock.
"You have your souvenir, now I have mine." I smirked. "It's called the [Worldstone]. Think
of it as this world's version of [Fairy Heart] but as a giant lacrima instead of a person. And
it's coming with us."
"Coming with us!? Are you out of your mind!?" Natsu incredulously yells. "That thing is
GIGANTIC!?"

[It seems Lucy's penchant for stating the obvious has rubbed off on him]
With a wave of my hand, the [Worldstone] above us began to shrink and descend.
Natsu watches as the red crystal slowly falls onto my open palm.
[Worldstone] - Rank: ?
An artifact said to have existed since the beginning of the universe. It is the foundation
of all places and times, a nexus of realities. It possesses infinite power, able to shape
reality or unmake worlds with but a thought without restriction. Demons and Angels
used the stone to create worlds in their image. Inarius and Lilith used it to create
Sanctuary and later it was used to alter the nephalem, making them grow weaker with
each generation.
"Not so giant, now is it?" I put it in my [Inventory].
"You still haven't said why we're taking it, though." Natsu pointed out.
"It's too risky to leave something this powerful here for potentially anyone to take, and I have
plenty of experience in dealing with artifacts of incredible power like this. Plus, you never
know when it might come in handy." I said.
I press [ID: Escape] and we return back to my room in the inn. "And there we are. Back in
Earthland with only a few minutes passing since we left."
"Thanks man. I can't wait to tell everyone what happened to me today!" Natsu says and
quickly runs out of my room.
[Should we tell him he's still in his Etherious form?]
"And where's the fun in that?" I undo my transformation and collapse on my bed. "Anyway, I
think I'm gonna take a nap. Being a [Super Saiyan] left me pooped."
[Get some rest, champ. You earned it]
I smile as my eyes grow heavier and heavier until they are closed shut. I quickly fall asleep as
screaming and explosions can be heard in the background.
"... deus… Asmodeus."
"Mm…?" I slowly open my eyes and slowly turn to see the night sky from my window.
"What time is it…?"
"It's just early evening."
"!" My eyes widen as I sharply turn to my left to see Irene snuggling next to me. "What are
you doing here?"

"I originally came here to wake you up, but you weren't responding so I decided to join you
in bed." Irene giggles. "You were so warm I couldn't help but doze off."
"Well, I'm awake now." I said.
Irene smiles. "Yes you are." She leans closer and gives me a passionate kiss.
My emotions go into overdrive as I can feel my arousal quickly rising to its limits.
Our tongues part but all I can taste is Irine's lust, her irises becoming vertical.
There's a sweet smell in the air, like a ripe citrus fruit. Did Irine put on some kind of
incense…?
It smells… good.
"Now, time to fulfill my promise."
(Lemon start)
Irene gives me another kiss, however, unlike the previous kiss this one's much more tender
and loving than before. Her tongue wraps itself around mine as they battle and sway, locking
each other in an eternal struggle.
Irine slowly moves her soft delicate hands downwards until she grabs the large tent in my
ruined pants.
"My, this feels painful. Let me set it free~" She grabs the edges of my pants and pulls, ripping
them off with ease and feels something hard hitting her thigh.
"Huh!?" She takes the bedsheets off, revealing her beloved's 12-inch member. "It's… bigger
than I imagined."
"Were you expecting something else?" I rhetorically asked.
"No… not at all." Irene smiles and begins to pump the shaft. "I'm surprised you managed to
hide this beast from me. Now I get to have it all to myself~"
I gasp as her soft and tender fingers work their magic. I was never in a relationship in my past
life. Who knew that the touch of a woman would feel this good!?
"How does that feel? My enchanted fingers can make any normal man cum in an instant. I'm
impressed that you've lasted this long." However, she is suddenly grabbed by her shoulders as
she sees her lover's eyes glow and the irises turn vertical.
Irene is pushed down as her lover climbs on top, letting his manhood sink in between her
impressive tits. She saw his body grow bulkier as black scales formed on his forearms and
face.
"Suck." He grunted out. His voice is horse and much deeper.

"Oh my…" Irene licks her lips at the sight of the large cock before it gets driven into her
mouth.
He quickly picks up speed, pumping his cock in and out of Irene's mouth. Her tongue would
lick the head everytime he pulled back and then the rest of the shaft when he pushed forward.
*Surrph! Surrph! Surrph!*
He enjoyed the wet tightness of the queen's throat, how it fought against him briefly before
granting him entry. Her esophagus wrapped around the head of his dick as it reached the end
of her throat with every thrust. Her lips pushed onward past his cock with softness followed
by a wet tongue and glorious grip.
The sensation is addicting, and he loved every second of it.
*Garkh! Garkh! Garkh!*
Irene unconsciously tries to swallow which just makes the walls in her throat close around his
cock. She watches as he grasps her hair with such vice as he continues to thrust his cock with
more force. Despite the pain she was in, she couldn't be more aroused. Her mind transmitted
pleasure instead of pain, rather than telling her to push him away it makes her move closer.
'You like my throat, don't you?' Irene thought sensually as she vigorously licked his girth. 'I
love the taste of your cock in my mouth.'
The addicting pleasure from the throat fucking is becoming too much for me. Even with the
sex traits, it doesn't compare to having actual experience which I don't have. I grab her tits as
I let out a loud moan, the pressure building faster and faster.
"I'm… cumming!" I grab her head with both hands and thrust my dick all the way before
shooting an ocean of whiteness straight down her throat and right into her stomach.
"!" Irene struggles as she feels her stomach swelling from the constant stream of cum that
seems to never end.
After a whole minute passes, he slowly pulls his cock out of the dragon queen's mouth as
leftover spunk leaks out of her mouth and nose.
I lean back as I take a deep breath. "That… that was amazing."
Irene lets out a cough. "Your cum is so thick I almost drowned." She then sees his still-hard
cock. "I see that you're still up for more."
"Get on all fours and stick your ass out."
Irene did as she's told, leaving her ass on full display.
"What a nice ass. So juicy." I spank her huge ass.
"Ah~" Irene moaned.

"And soft. I wanna hit it more." And I did just that, spanking both of her round cheeks until
they turned completely red.
The more he spanks her ass, the more aroused Irene became. "More, spank me more!"
"You like the pain, don't you? You love it." I growled.
"Yes, yes I do! It hurts so good!" Irene yelled.
"You masochistic queen. Your daughter clearly gets it from you." I teased. "You
redheads are such huge sluts but hide it under a mask of indifference. I bet holding that
back for so long must be driving you crazy."
"Yes, it's been so hard. I can't take it anymore!"
"Then beg me, slut. Spread your ass out and show me just how much you crave it." I
told her.
Irene pulls her ass cheeks revealing her asshole and dripping pussy. "Master… I feel so
empty. Please fill me with your godly cock. Fuck this horny queen, fill both of her holes with
your mighty seed."
"Good job, now here's your prize." I said as I grabbed my cock in one hand and her ass
cheek with the other and brought them closer. The thick tip touches the soft and wet pussy
lips before pushing further, slowly parting them until I shoved it in completely.
The moment I entered her pussy, it felt like my cock was kept in a warm vice-grip that
squeezed tightly against it, and Irene moaned loudly at the feeling.
"Master, your cock feels so good!" Irene moaned in pleasure, her mind immediately clouded
with lust and pleasure. "Please, fuck this shameless slut to your heart's content!"
"Fuck, your so tight! If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were a virgin!" I moan as I
continue thrusting.
I fuck the dragon MILF with all of my might. My instincts tell me to dominate, to tame this
female and make my personal cocksleeve.
And I listened.
I push my cock deeper, piercing her womb with every thrust causing Irene to moan loudly in
ecstasy as her tongue hangs out of her mouth.
"Look at you, moaning like a horny bitch in heat." I grinned in amusement. "I bet your
husband couldn't even make you cum."
"Don't talk to me about that failure of a man. He was only good for bringing Erza to the
world!" Irene yells while moaning loudly. "Make me your bitch! Break this queen out of her
loneliness!"

"That's right, you're mine! Mine alone!" I immediately started to thrust back and forth into
her pussy, groaning in pleasure from how tight it was. Irene was even worse, as she had a
genuine ahegao or "fucked silly" expression on her face with her tongue sticking out.
Deciding to take it a step further, I used one of my hands to reach and grab one of her large
and bouncing breasts, while using my other hand to repeatedly spank her as I continued to
fuck her.
"You're not a dragon, you're a dog! A dog that needs serious training!" I yelled.
"I'm a dog! I'm your personal bitch! Use my body however you please!" Irene responds.
"You just love being fucked like a common whore, don't you?" I rhetorically asked. "Well
good, because tending to my sexual needs is gonna be a common duty of yours from now
on!"
"YES! I will tend to your needs every day, master!" Irene screamed.
I can feel an orgasm coming, and the only thing on my mind was giving it all to Irene. And
Irene could feel it, too.
"Cum inside me, master! Fill me… mark me with your seed!" Irene exclaims lustfully,
making my cock grow from the building pressure. Her cervix sucked his cock deeper,
sneering it so that it couldn't escape its meaty walls.
"Get ready…! Here it comes!"
Fill me! Fill my womb with your divine seed!" Irene screams as she holds onto the bed's
edges.
I wrap my arms around her waist and pull her upwards, pushing my cock right into her womb
and filling it to the brim with cum.
"Urhhh! Uhhhh!" I moan, biting the back of the sexy redhead. The face of Irene showed a
woman utterly fucked, droll dripping from her lips while pink hearts appear in her eyes.
Like last time, the orgasm lasts for a full minute. I let go of Irene and she collapses on the
mattress, pure ecstasy written on her face.
I pull my cock out of her pussy and a geyser of white soon follows, causing her body to
twitch erratically.
Yet my dick is as hard as ever.
I then eyed her other hole and my arousal skyrocketed.
Without missing a beat, I take my cock and quickly push it in her asshole causing Irene to
jump in pain from the sudden insertion.
"What… what are you…?" Irene isn't able to finish as her mind is overtaken by pleasure.

"You left yourself open, and this little hole was just begging to be filled." I said as I thrust
my dick deeper. "Shit! You're so much tighter in this hole, Irene!"
"Ahh! Ahh!" Irene moans. It's obvious that she wasn't used to taking it the ass, but it seems
that she was getting used to it.
I feel my cock sucked inside Irene's tight rectum, much more than with her pussy. It's so hard
to move.
"I can feel your cock stretching my intestine. It feels so good." Irene moans.
"Damn, you're one kinky bitch."
I soon get adjusted to Irene's tight butt and start to move. Her soft ass collided with my pelvis
with every thrust. Minutes went by, and I mastered the MILF's tight body, picking up the
speed of my movements as Irene soon matched my rhythm.
"Yes, twist my insides! Turn my whole body into your personal sex toy!" Irene moaned.
"I love your ass, Irene! It's so fucking tight!" I moaned.
I thrust deep and hard, not giving Irene a second of rest. She screams in pleasure, her anus
stretched in ways she never thought possible. I watch the big booty this MILF has, bouncing,
jiggling freely with every thrust in a hypnotic way, and fucked her deeper and deeper.
"I'm… cumming!" I moan before climaxing in her ass.
"AAAAHHHH~!" Irene screams as she feels his cum traveling around her intestines.
"I… can't stop cumming." I moaned and spank her. "I'm so lucky to have a woman with
such a great ass."
After a long and filling orgasm, I slowly pull my cock out of Irene's stuffed anus. My cock
was messy and soft, covered in mine and Irene's juices.
Irene herself let out a quiet moan, feeling her butt leaking a good quantity of her lover's thick
dick milk.
She slowly turns to her alpha, her hair messy and eyes red from the tears, but she still retains
her refined beauty.
"Let me… clean you up." Irene moves in and starts suck my dick, bobbing her head up and
down.
"Fuck…" I moan as I caress her messy red hair.
Irene soon finishes with a loud pop, revealing my clean cock hard and ready to go.
"Wanna go another round?" I ask my queen.

Pink hearts appear in Irene's eyes as she gives me a smile full of lust.
The rest of night was turned into a long session with the two of them fucking nonstop, eching
the entire room with their sent as they tried out various sexual positions.
(Lemon end)
When daylight came, the room's a complete mess, the mattress especially, having been almost
ripped apart by the lovers' monstrous strength and sprayed with their internal juices.
The perspective switches to the aforementioned lovers, their bodies spread across the ruined
mattress, each using the remains of the sheets to cover themselves. They also have bite
marks/hickeys all over their bodies.
"Hm…" I slowly open my eyes, and quickly shut them because of the sudden light. "Too
bright…"
[Well, looks like the beast finally woke up~]
I slowly get up and clean the sleep dust off my eyes. "Agh… what are you talking about?"
My eyes slowly regain focus and I'm met with broken furniture. "What happened?"
[You happened. Well, you and Irene. You two went crazy last night with all the hardcore
nonstop sex]
"We did? I don't remember…" I said.
[I'm not that surprised. You got taken over by your dragon and Saiyan instincts. Your
body was pretty much on autopilot at that point. And Irene's strong pheromones didn't
help the situation either]
"Pheromones… oh that citrus scent." I said, slowly starting to remember.
[Normally {Gamer's Mind} would prevent that, but the skill was overwhelmed by the
primal instincts of said races. I'll have to update the system so that this doesn't happen]
"Irene got a tight piece of ass."
[Yeah, not a bad way to lose your virginity, though you could've done better]
A light moan catches my attention and I soon turn to Irene who greets me with a smile.
"Morning, stud. Did you have a nice dream?" Irene asks.
"You were in it, so yeah." I replied, causing her to giggle.
"That's good because I couldn't stop thinking about you." She gets up and caresses my abs.
"You were such a beast, marking my body in every way imaginable."
"Same goes for you. Among other things." I said, eyeing the destroyed room.

"True." Irene admits with a shrug. "I'm famished. I could go for some breakfast. How about
you?"
I nod. "Sounds good to me."
"I wasn't talking about food." Irene purrs as she grabs my cock.
You are insatiable, woman." I half-whispered.
However, before anyone makes a move, the wall in front of them bursts outwards as Jellal
lands on their bed, his face covered in burns and bruises.
[What the fuck?]
"What the fuck?" I said before using [Nemesis] to create bathrobes for myself and Irene.
A figure walks out of the hole revealing Natsu covered in red flames.
And he is NOT happy.
"I'll kill you, you bastard!" Natsu screams as black markings appear on his body. However, he
is soon stopped by a karate chop in the head.
"Enough. I won't tolerate this childish tantrum so early in the day. So either you calm down
or I'll strip you of your magic. Am I clear?" Irene said, her words carrying the authority
suited for a queen.
"Y-Yes." Natsu smutters, shrinking under Irene's intense gaze.
"Hmph." Irene ties the robe before turning her attention to her lover checking on Jellal. "How
is he?"
"Bruised and burned but his [Aura] is already taking care of it." I said.
"I'm… sorry." Jellal said.
Natsu hears this and just gets angrier. "You have no right to apologies!"
I stand up. "Okay, can somebody explain what the fuck is going on here?"
"He broke up with Erza!" Natsu screamed out.
"What?" I said, confused. Erza and Jellal broke up? That doesn't make any sense.
"I had to… I had to do it…" Jellal groaned and he slowly got up.
"You had no right! Not after everything she went through!" Natsu argued.
"It's because of that I broke up with her!" Jellal yells. "Can't you understand!? We can't be
together!"

"Bullshit! That's bullshit and you know it!" Natsu roared.
[It seems we've stepped on a landmine]
"Where is Erza now?" Irene asks.
Natsu's anger diminishes as he turns to Irene. "She's gone. She ran out of the inn. The others
went after her."
Irene takes a deep breath. "... I see."
Still, it doesn't make any sense. After all Jellal and Erza have been through, all the battles, the
ordeals, the tragedy. All that they've been through together, it would make sense for the two
to be together.
'What would make Jellal do this? Something's not adding up here.' I turn to the blue-haired
mage. "Can you at least explain why you broke up with Erza? You said you had to, but never
told why."
"What does it matter?! This bastard likely just did it to hurt Erza, just like he did for years
with the Tower of Heaven!" Natsu yelled in anger, causing the look of guilt in Jellal's eyes to
grow.
"Even for you Natsu, that's low." I told him. "Look, I understand your anger given how close
you two are, but I doubt Jellal would do this for no apparent reason, let alone a good reason."
"Yes, please explain." Irene said with an icy tone. While she and Erza may never be a family,
there's still a part of that cares for her daughter. Plus, seeing this situation reminds her too
much of her own past, when that scum she was forced to marry tried to kill her.
She didn't want anyone to experience that kind of betrayal, especially her own flesh and
blood.
Jellal sighs. "I did have feelings for Erza, since we were little. But after all of the sins I've
committed, I felt like I didn't deserve her. And when I learned what happened to Tenrou
Island, my world simply shattered to pieces. I just wanted to die in my cell, I tried to kill
myself but the guards always stopped me. Eventually, I gave up and resigned to just let time
do the world for me." He said.
"You… you tried to kill yourself…?" Natsu mutters in shock and horror.
Irene's eyes widened. 'This boy…'
"It was only thanks to Ultear and Meredy that I was able to get back on my feet, working to
take out dark guilds and the legacy of Zeref to not only atone for my mistakes but in hopes of
being someone Erza could be proud of. They helped me to move on from Erza, to let her go
as opposed to mourning her for the rest of my life." Jellal explains. "But when I heard you all
came back, I was conflicted on how to feel because I had moved on. I tried to rekindle my
own feelings for Erza, telling myself that I still loved her after all of these years." He then

sighs. "It was only until after Gears trapped me in that fantasy world that I realized my
mistake."
"Gears? What did he show you?" I ask, remembering his explanation on how his pods
trapped their victims into their ideal worlds before getting absorbed.
"I was shown my ideal life, the life I desired most in the world." He began. "I was living in a
comfy home, happily married with two little boys."
"... but Erza wasn't in your fantasy, was she?" Irene surmised.
"No, she wasn't." Jellal confirmed.
"Who was it, then?" I asked.
"It was Meredy." Jellal reveals, shocking Natsu and I.
"Meredy…? You mean you broke Erza's heart for that!?" Natsu yells as he prepares to attack.
"Shut it, Natsu!" I exclaimed.
"She and Ultear help me get over my depression. They understood me better than anyone else
and overtime developed a close bond. But as the years went by, Meridy and I grew
particularly close and we spent a night together." Jellal revealed. "After you guys returned, I
tried to suppress my rising feelings for Meredy and tried to be the man Erza wanted, but after
what I experienced in that fantasy world, I realized I was lying to myself and hurting Erza all
this time."
[Wow… I'm at a loss for words]
"You stupid fuck. Why weren't you honest from the start?" I asked.
"I wanted to, but I couldn't even if I tried. I couldn't afford to hurt Erza again." Jellal argued.
"But in the end you did just that. You hurt Erza and you hurt yourself for continuing this
sham of a relationship. Do you think Erza's gonna think any less of you if she knew you had
moved on? She probably already knew and didn't say anything." I said.
Jellal's eyes widened. "What!?"
"The Titania may be many things, but she isn't stupid. Seven years is a long time to wait for
someone, after all." I said. "But like a selfish dumbass, you decided to just flat out tell her out
of the blue without so much of an explanation and now it's up to us to pick up the pieces."
Jellal looks down, clearly ashamed. "I'm sorry."
I sigh. "Look, I'm not angry with you. I'm just disappointed with your behavior. I honestly
expected something like this from Natsu because he's an idiot (Natsu: Hey!)." I point to my
head. "You could have handled this better but it's clear that you're not as smart as I hoped."

"Are you trying to ridicule me or counsel me?" Jellal spat out.
I shrug. "Not sure. Never done something like this before, but I get the feeling I'll be doing it
a lot." I stand up and turn to Natsu and Irene. "I'll go look for Erza, you two stay here and
watch over Jellal."
"As if! I'm coming with you!" Natsu exclaims. "Erza is part of my family! I'm not leaving her
when she's in so much pain!"
"I will stay. My presence would probably just upset her more." Irene said.
"Fine. Let's go, Natsu." I said.
Natsu arches an eyebrow. "Are you going out dressed like that?" He gestures to the bathrobe.
"Good point. Let's fix that." Darkness begins to cover my body before it dissipates.
His outfit consists of a black coat with crimson-colored linings and trimmings, coupled with
a gray blazer and a buttoned white shirt underneath it, long with a cravat terminated by a ring
tied around his neck. He wears black pants as well as knee-length black boots. (AN: It's
Hajime Nagumo's adventurer outfit).
"This will do for now." I said stretching my limbs.
"You look like an edgelord." Natsu bluntly comments.
'How the fuck does he know what an edgelord is?' I thought. "Let's just go." I walk out of the
room.
"Wait!" Natsu soon follows after him.
"Take care of Erza." Jellal said.
The two of us walk out of the inn and run in search of Erza.
However, unknown to either of them, someone's watching from his seat as drinks a cup of
coffee.
"Hm, Fairy Tail is as carefree as ever. I'd expect nothing less." He said.
"..." The hooded figure next to him standing silently like a statue.
"Even when they barely manage to survive the wrath of a god, they still manage to persevere
with a smile on their faces, just like a long time ago." He puts his cup down.
The hooded figure said nothing.
The viewpoint changes revealing a lanky man with silver hair that is very disheveled and
unorganized, and sloppily styled into a mohawk. He has a beard and sideburns and wears a
fur-collared, dark purple jacket emblazoned with the Grimoire Heart guild emblem.

"Run my dear fairies, run." He puts his hand on his jacket pocket and takes a brilliant gray
gem. "Because soon there won't be anything left of you."
Author Notes
Here's another chapter of Grand Journey. This one isn't as long as the last one. Bet you
weren't expecting that twist with Jellal, were you? Although I did hint it back in part 4, that
doesn't matter.
The sex scene was probably the hardest part about the chapter. I was recommended a ton of
different sources for inspiration by Omni and triscythe, and I was still struggling.
If you like it, that's wonderful. If you don't, I don't care. Everyone has the right to their own
opinion.
I also decided to drop the schedule for updates, it's not working for me.
Anyways, that's pretty much it.
Peace~

Chapter 21: Thank you for Everything
This probably won't do it any justice, but I just needed to get it off my chest.
Dragon Ball Z was something of an enigma to me. In school, all I heard was the kids talking
about the next episode or trying to fire Kamehamehas in the playground.
Back then, I really wasn't interested in the slightest.
One Saturday though, while flicking the channels, I ran into an episode of DBZ completely
by accident and decided to watch it with my brother. We got hooked immediately afterwards,
with both of us trying to do Kamehamehas and going Super Saiyan (or Kaioken or both). My
mom and dad would even watch it with us when they could. I would even invite some friends
to watch a marathon with me when I checked out the DVDs from the library.
Needless to say, I would probably be a different person if it wasn't for Dragon Ball. It made
my childhood that much more unforgettable.
And those memories will still burn brightly in the future and beyond.
The Seven Dragon Balls are out there somewhere, waiting to be found.
It's time for a new adventure to begin.
Thank you for everything, Akira Toriyama, for giving the world an unforgettable adventure.
I just needed to say something because this hurts. A lot.

Chapter 22: Fairy Tail: Always With You
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
"Erza! Erza, where are you!?" Natsu screams out as he runs through the town searching for
his missing guildmate.
"Erza?" He goes into a restaurant but finds nothing.
"Erza!?" He opens a wooden barrel but gets the same result.
"ERZA!?" He lifts some random woman's skirt before someone hits his head hard.
"Why the hell would she be under there!?" I yelled.
"I don't know! I just thought it would be a good hiding place!" Natsu argues.
[Yeah, if she was 4 years old!]
I let out a sigh. We've been searching for Erza for a while now, and so far we have no leads
on where to find her.
"C'mon. She must be on the other side of town." I said.
"HEY GUYS!"
The two of us turn to see Happy flying towards us.
"Hey, Happy! Did you find Erza!?" Natsu asked.
Happy nods. "Sure did. Mira and Lisanna are with her now!"
"Alright! Lead the way!" Natsu says and we all follow Happy.

We follow the blue cat across the town plaza and notice a group of people gathering at what
looks to be… a bakery?
Of course. Where else would she be?
"Natsu!" I see Lisanna and Mira waving at us.
We stop right next to the crowd.
Mira stares at me, or more specifically my outfit.
"Something wrong?" I asked.
Mira snaps back to reality. "No, no! Everything's alright! I was just staring at your outfit!"
"What do you think?" I asked.
Mira looks hesitant for a moment. "Well, its-"
"It looks ridiculous." Lisanna chimes in.
"Lisanna!" Mira hissed at her sister's blunt comment.
I sweat drop. 'I know this was a last-minute change. But is it really that bad?'
"Lisanna. Is Erza here?" Natsu asks the obvious.
Lisanna nudges to the crowd beside them. "See for yourself."
We push through the crowd with ease and make it to the front of the store.
We see Erza sitting at a table eating an entire strawberry shortcake at break-neck speeds,
which is impressive.
The chef and waiter just looked at her with shock and horror. Why is that you ask?
Well, all you have to do is lean to the right and you'll see the HUNDREDS of empty plates
stacked together; her height hiding them from view.
[That's a lot of comfort food]
"I've never seen her eat so much shortcake before." Mira comments as we watch Erza gobble
it up fast.
'It's like watching the Roadrunner eat.' I thought.
[More like the Flash when he's late]
Erza eats the last crumb of strawberry shortcake from her plates and stacks it on top of the
others.

"Another please." Erza demands.
The trembling pâtissier steps forward. "M-Miss. I-I'm afraid that is not possible. Y-You ate
our entire stock."
At the response, Erza gives the pâtissier a terrifying glare.
"Eeep!" The man cowers behind his employee. "I'M SORRY!"
Erza lets out a defeated sigh. "... thank you for the food. Goodbye." She stands up and
proceeds to leave the shop.
The stupefied crowd just looks on at the red haired knight walking away.
"Erza, wait!" The Fairy Tail wizards all quickly run after her.
"... I quit." The waiter told his boss.
"... I quit, too." The pâtissier said.
"Erza!" Natsu yells out.
Erza stops in her tracks, but doesn't turn around to face them. "... hello, Natsu."
"Dammit! Do you have any idea how worried everyone is!?" Natsu yelled.
"..." Erza doesn't say anything. She just stands there.
This just makes Natsu angrier and grabs her shoulder. "Hey, are you listening-!?" But he
doesn't finish as Erza spins around, letting everyone get a good look at her face.
Her eyes were definitely red and puffy from crying, with it being apparent that she had been
crying not too long ago given the tear trails still being vaguely present.
Her lower lip quivers which contrasts with the expressionless facade she can barely maintain
while her eyes scream pain and heartbreak.
Overall, she's NOT okay. Not one bit.
"... leave me alone, please." Erza ordered him.
"The hell I will! You're one of my nakama, Erza!" Natsu shouted. "You don't need to push us
away when you're in pain! We just wanna help you!"
"Help me… and how do you plan to do that? The knucklehead who can't even see when a
girl's in love with him?" Erza chillingly snapped.
Natsu blinks at her words before turning to Lisanna. "Hey, what's she talking about?"
Lisanna looks away to hide her blushing face. "Idiot."

Erza takes a deep breath and exhales. "You don't need to concern yourself with me, Natsu. I
just want to be alone."
Mira looks conflicted. "Erza…"
"Please tell everyone that I'll be back later tonight." With that, Erza turns around and walks
away.
The three guildmates can only watch Erza fade into the crowd.
"Hey, wai-!" Natsu was about to go after her, but a hand on his shoulder stopped him.
"Let her go, Natsu. There's nothing more we can do." I said.
"But she-" Natsu whips his head back only to see an unreadable expression on my face.
"Let's head back to the inn. I'm sure the others are already back by now." Lisanna suggests.
Natsu clenches his fists tightly before letting them go.
"... Fine." Natsu submits and they all walk back to the inn.
"..." I look towards the direction Erza went.
[Do you think letting her go was the right call?]
"... I honestly don't know." I admit with concern. "It's one thing to see it on TV, but seeing
Erza so distraught in real life is even more terrible. I don't even know if I can help her."
[Let's just follow everyone back for now. I'm sure we can find a solution to this dilemma
somewhere]
I turn the other way and follow the others, not noticing a figure standing on top of a roof
watching everything.
When we got back to the inn, everyone started bombarding us with questions about Erza. We
told them what happened and everyone understood that Erza wanted some alone time.
"... that child. Why does she always have to be so stubborn?" Makarov comments.
"Hey, Azzy. Can't you use your magic to help her or something?" Cana asks.
I shake my head. "I can do many things, but fixing a broken heart isn't one of them."
[Yet]
"Besides, a broken heart has to mend overtime. You can't just fix it by force." I said.
"Well said, young man." Makarov nods in approval.

The guild was less lively than usual. With some not understanding why Erza stormed out like
she did. She wasn't one to get so emotional like that.
I explained to them what happened to Erza, and I kind of wish I hadn't. The instant I finished,
the guild began to tear down the inn as they roared in outrage.
'Huh. So that's how the guild acts when they're extremely pissed.' I remark as I dodge the
flying furniture coming my way.
I hope the owner has insurance for this place because I don't think I can fix this mess.
The more rational members, meanwhile, understood completely. While they were angry at
Jellal, they also realized that he wasn't completely at fault since he believed Erza was dead
just like the rest of the world did. And while it was a nice gesture, he shouldn't have forced
himself into a one-sided relationship that would have hurt them both in the long run.
Overall, Jellal was an idiot. End of story.
"Let's get that sunovabitch!" Macao yelled.
"YEAH!"
[This is getting out of hand]
However, before anyone can make a move. An intense pressure suddenly bursts forth and
overwhelms everyone.
"That's enough, all of you!" Makarov's commanding tone echoes throughout the building. "I
understand your anger, but taking it down at Jellal won't change a thing. Now stop acting like
children, a wizard of Fairy Tail should be more mature than this!"
"..." Everyone contemplates his words as the pressure seizes.
I stand there awestruck by Makarov's actions. It's so easy to forget that this little old man is
the leader of Fairy Tail.
"We will wait until Erza returns." Makarov told them. "And until then, NO ONE is allowed
to go upstairs. Understood?"
"Yes, Master." The guild replies.
[Why does this feel like this will backfire immediately?]
'Because it definitely will.' I said.
The guild was quiet, deathly quiet. Something that would be unnerving to anyone who knows
Fairy Tail.
[This is depressing]

'Yeah.' I turn around and make my way to the door and walk out of the inn.
[Did you ever think this would happen? Us fighting dragon gods and messing with
canon?]
"I mean, isn't that what gamers do? Mess with the canon and turn it in their favor?" I lean up
against the wall. "Why are you even asking this now all of a sudden?"
[Because now that canon is void, anything can happen. Which means that your meta
knowledge is more or less useless]
I take note of the odd tone the system AI is using.
"Are you… afraid?"
[I prefer reasonably cautious. We're in uncharted territory, and there's no telling what
way will the Butterfly Effect fuck us over]
And I thought I was cynical.
"I think you worry too much. Besides, aren't some things worth changing? And what if we
didn't interfere? Aldoron didn't have a Chaos Emerald in canon, so imagine how badly things
would have gone if we didn't help Fairy Tail."
[…touché]
"The [Gamer] holds limitless potential, right? Even if we encounter an impossible creature
with bullshit power, then we'll just beat it with even more bullshit." I scratch my chin. "Still,
the fact that the dragon god got its claws on a Chaos Emerald has me worried. It's possible
that the remaining emeralds are in Earthland also, making our arrival here not a coincidence
at all." I take a deep breath. "But for now, I just want to enjoy the peaceful serenity of the
town. Can't really be of much help if I get too caught up in all of this melodrama."
[You're taking this surprisingly well]
"I'm just as shocked as you by the break up." I straighten myself and take a leisurely walk
around the street, watching the sun slowly set on the horizon and people walking by.
"But seeing that Aldoron had a Chaos Emerald that he had apparently found long before we
arrived, it's clear that we're in an AU of Fairy Tail. So it's best to just treat it like a loose
framework rather than a perfect guide." I said.
[Hey! I thought I was the voice of reason around here!]
I chuckled before a black trail went past the corner of my eye, but when I turned to look there
was nothing.
[I saw it too. It was only for less than a second, but it was definitely human shaped]

Using [Mana Sense] I lock on their magical signature and, without wasting a beat, I jump
upwards blowing everything around me away.
From above, I look down to see a cloaked figure running through the alleys at fast speeds.
"They're fast, but I'm faster." My Stand's right leg appears beside mine and it kicks the air,
rocketing me at lightning speeds.
The mystery person rushes through the alley but quickly jumps back as something crashes in
front of her.
"Hey there." I walk out of the crater with a smile. "What seems to be the rush?"
The person doesn't respond and instead takes out a dagger.
"Not much of a talker. I can respect that." I raise my hand towards them as a sign of
friendship. "No need to be scared, I mean you no-" But I didn't finish as the dagger's tip was
an inch from my eye.
At the instant, my Stand surfaces and punches the mystery assailant, sending them straight to
a nearby wall.
"Well that wasn't very nice." My Stand returns to my being. "I was trying to be nice and you
tried to stab me in the eye."
The mystery person struggles to get out of the wall.
"Still, that speed of yours isn't normal. In fact, it felt like time had been skipped for a
moment." I walk towards this person. "So tell me. Who are you and what are you doing
here?"
*CLICK!*
"!" Before taking another step, the figure vanishes.
"Yup. They definitely controlled time just now." I said.
[I did find the way they do it quite peculiar. Did you notice what happened before time
stopped?]
"Yeah… I heard the sound of teeth clicking." I narrow my eyes. "Why does that sound
familiar?"
[They're probably still nearby. Use your Mana Sense]
I close my eyes and activate [Mana Sense] and quickly pick up all of the magical signatures
in town before focusing on one in particular.
"Found them. They seem to be heading towards three other signatures, one of them is-oh no."
I open my eyes. "They're going after Erza."

[Then there's no time like the present, is there?]
I blast off from the alley and quickly find Erza kneeling in front of two cloaked people.
I descend upon them and stand between Titania and her opponents.
"Asmodeus…" Erza heavily breathes out.
I turn my head to look at her.
Name: Erza Scarlet
Title: Titania Erza, King of Knights, Bunny Girl, Guardian of Strawberry Shortcakes
Level: 106
HP: 47,911
MP: 90,111
SP: 85,300
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Grateful
Current Status: Poisoned
[That's not good]
"Stand back. I'll deal with them." I told her.
"No… I can take care of them!" Erza snapped back.
"You're hurt." I argued.
"I'll live… this is but a flesh wound." Erza replies.
[Did she just quote Monty Python?]
'Let's just focus on our current situation right now.' I turn my attention back to the two and
get straight to the point. "What is your objective here?"
"Our master desires promising females and we have orders that they be captured
immediately!" One of the cloaked people responds in a female voice.
I decided to press further. "I'm guessing that also includes you two, and likely that other one I
ran into earlier."
"Yes. We are but instruments to our master's will." The other person said.

"And who is this master?"
"That's none of your business."
"Well see, that's the problem. You hurt someone I care about. And that became MY
business." My body emits a wave of pressure that starts to crush everything in front of me.
The two women collapse on the floor, pinned down and unable to move.
The pressure subsides and their heads look up and are greeted by silver eyes empty of all
sympathy.
"I could kill you right now, but I still have some questions and you will answer them." I said.
But before I can make another step forward, my [Radar] goes off and I automatically turn
around and see another cloaked figure behind Erza, dagger raised high.
I rush forward and grab Erza just as the dagger falls, though instead of plunging into Erza's
neck it shatters the moment it makes contact with my hand.
"[Almighty Push]" The person is thrown back by the sudden gravity attack.
*PING!*
The two other attackers leap in from behind us.
[Payback Over Requiem] appears from behind and takes the two down with ease.
"You three should have realized that I am not one to be trifled with." I state.
'He's so cool.' Erza can't help but blush at the cool line.
The three cloaked mages had slowly gotten back up, undoubtedly getting ready to continue
fighting, but the hood fell for one of them which subsequently exposed her face.
"You!?" I exclaim in shock as I recognize the woman.
For it was Ultear Milkovich, the former enemy-turned-ally of Fairy Tail, was one of the
assailants this whole time.
Not only that, but she was young again instead of an old lady. Also, she has a glowing rune of
sorts on her forehead.
[What a twist!]
Name: Ultear Milkovich
Title: Time Witch, Sin of Lust
Level: 119
Affiliation: Grimoire Heart (former), Crime Sorcière

HP: 99,909
MP: 110,041
SP: 85,144
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: An obstacle
Current status: Brainwashed
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 69/100]
'That's a pretty peculiar title.' I thought as I looked at her status.
"Ultear?!" Erza exclaims in shock. "What is the meaning of this?!"
"I am merely carrying out my master's will." Ultear responded in a monotone voice and an
expression devoid of all emotion. "And my master has ordered that promising females should
be captured immediately."
Before anyone can respond further, Ultear suddenly throws an orb into the sky.
"[Luminous Minutes]!" Ultear shouts, and the orb suddenly multiplies before shooting
beams of light at us.
Before they could hit, I formed a barrier of [Dark Matter] around myself and Erza to protect
us.
When I dismissed the barrier, however, they were already gone.
"Tch." I click my tongue in annoyance.
"Wait! Come back!" Erza tries to run but suddenly collapses.
I rush to her side and notice something poking at the back of her neck.
I reach for it and pull it out, revealing it to be a small dart with a mosquito-like tip at the end.
"So that's how she got poisoned." I surmised.
[I'm more interested in the fact that this "master" is looking for women specifically]
I place my hand on her back. "[Salvation]." A silver light envelops Erza before it quickly
disappears.
Skill Level Up!

[Salvation LVL. 2/10]
Name: Erza Scarlet
Title: Titania Erza, King of Knights, Bunny Girl, Guardian of Strawberry Shortcakes
Level: 106
HP: 47,911
MP: 90,111
SP: 85,300
AP: 19
Thoughts about you: Thankful
Current Status: Numb
[It seems that whatever poisoned her is potent enough to leave side effects]
Erza stirs and slowly turns her head to me. "Y-You…"
"Shhh, don't speak. I may have removed the poison but you are still physically weak. You
need rest." I told her.
"Y-You look weird in that outfit…" Erza remarks.
'Seriously!? Her, too!?' I gently pull her up. "Do you think you can walk?"
"I… think so." Erza slowly moves her right leg only for her to lose her balance before an arm
quickly catches her by her waist.
"I… can't feel my legs…" Erza reveals.
'That explains her status.' I thought. "Here." I grab her legs and pick her up bridal style.
"Eep!" Erza squeaks with a blush on her face.
"Hold on tight!" I crouch and jump high above the city.
Erza held onto me rather tight, though given her immobility and our current height in the air,
I didn't blame her.
A set of black wings sprout from my back and I fly towards Fairy Tail.
Erza stares at my wings and can't help but be mesmerized by them. It wasn't the first time she
saw them granted, but just seeing them is a sight to behold and she didn't understand why.
'His wings are so beautiful.' She thought as her face glowed red.

Soon, we reach the building and land right in front of it.
"We need to tell everyone about what happened." I said.
Erza nods.
However, before I can take a step forward the doors burst open and Natsu and Happy leap out
and tackle us.
"YOU'RE BACK!" The two exclaim at the same time.
I move to the side and let the two kiss the ground.
[Haa, never change you two]
We enter the inn and we are immediately surrounded by everyone.
"Welcome back! We were all so worried!" Mira said before giving me a kiss on the right
cheek.
"Yeah. Don't just disappear like that, stud." Cana says while kissing my left cheek.
Erza taps my shoulder. "Put me down, please."
"Are you sure?" I asked.
"I can take care of myself, Asmodeus. Now put me down this instant."
"..." I comply and put her down, only to fall on her butt as she tries to gain her balance.
"Hey, isn't Erza acting a little funny to you?" Macao asks.
"Yeah. Wonder what's wrong." Wakaba agreed.
They all watch as Erza struggles to climb onto the nearest chair and sit down.
"Um, Erza? Are you okay?" Lucy asks upon spotting her limp.
"I'm fine… I'm just numb from the waist down." Erza gasped.
"From the waist-?" Lucy mutters before blushing, realizing what that means.
And soon, a chain reaction follows.
"WHAT!?" The building comically shakes at the loud question.
"Holy shit! Erza had sex with Asmodeus!" Max yelled.
"The Titania has found her Oberon!" Vijeeter adds.
"The red knight has been conquered!" Bickslow chimes in.

"Gray-sama! Please take my virginity now!" Juvia begs, pulling up her skirt to show her blue
thong.
"P-Put that down, you idiot! (Though the thong does look good on you)." Gray whispers the
last part to himself.
"Awawawawa!" Wendy's blushing a storm in the background.
Erza looks down in embarrassment. "It… it's not like that!"
[They really misread the situation and took it to a whole other level]
Mira turns to Cana with her signature smile and extends her hand to her.
Cana clicks her tongue and gives her a ton of cash. "Just take it."
"Pleasure doing business with you~" Mira happily takes the money.
"Bitch." Cana cursed under breath.
Brandish bites down on her nail. "Dammit. Another love rival."
"It was inevitable, Brandish. It's best to accept it." Seilah said, her gaze solely focused on her
book.
"He sure works fast." Ur remarks with a chuckle.
"Why is it a big deal if Erza had sex with Asmodeus? He likely did with Irene too,
considering they were in bed together this morning." Natsu said in his usual dense manner.
"And the fact she's also Erza's mom." Happy snorts.
That stops everyone in their tracks and all of their eyes on me now.
I send Natsu and Happy all of my [Bloodlust]. "I'm getting you back for this, you pricks."
"You had sex with that bombshell of a MILF!? Hot damn!" Gildarts exclaims and drinks
more beer.
The remaining male population bows in front of me. "PLEASE TEACH US YOUR WAYS,
OH HONORED ONE!"
"THAT BITCH! HOW DARE SHE TAKE ASMODEUS-SAMA'S FIRST TIME!?" Brandish
roars in outrage.
Seilah's expression remains blank but the cracks coming from the hardcover of her book says
otherwise.
[Pigs. All men are pigs]

'Well you're stuck with one, so get used to it.' I chimed in before a random thought crossed my
mind. 'Speaking of which, are you a boy or a girl?'
[Now's not the time to question my gender! You have more pressing concerns to deal
with!]
"Erza was poisoned." I suddenly reveal, causing everyone to freeze.
"What?" Evergreen said.
"Erza was attacked by two people in cloaks but I managed to scare them off." I intentionally
left out Ultear's presence there. "They poisoned her, but I managed to cure it though it did
leave her feeling numb."
The guild were completely silent, which was already as unnerving as telling them one of their
members was poisoned.
"Did you find out a reason why they would go to such lengths?" Makarov calmly asks.
"They said that their master is looking for powerful women which was why they tried to
kidnap Erza." I said. "And I believe that whoever is after Erza will also target the female
members of Fairy Tail, considering they're also pretty strong."
"Well, they can fucking forget it! No one's laying their hands on MY Levy!" Gajeel declares
as he wraps his arms around her.
"H-Hey!" Levy was embarrassed.
"No one's taking anyone under my watch." Gray chimes in with a glare.
"AAAHHHH! GRAY-SAMA IS SO HOT!" Juvia exclaims with hearts in her eyes.
"We will protect them because that's what a man does!" Elfman yells.
"Idiot." Evergreen whispers quietly with a clear blush on her face.
Erza lets out a yawn.
"You tired, Erza?" Happy asked.
"Just a little bit." Erza admits.
Before anyone can react, Erza is suddenly lifted up once again by Asmodeus.
"W-What do you think you're doing!?" Erza squeaked.
"Taking you to your room." I answered bluntly.
[Since when did you become so bold?]
'Since I realized that I need to change how I handle things.'

"Nonsense! I can go-hey, stop!" Erza's demands fall on deaf ears as I walk past everyone and
head upstairs.
"Aw! Those two make the perfect couple!" Mira giggles, though her happy demeanor
contradicts the overwhelming wave of Killer Intent she is exerting and starts
cackling. "Yes… just perfect. Hehehe…"
Everyone slowly starts backing away from the unhinged [Transcendent].
"Haa, to be young again." Makarov looks on nostalgically. "I remember when I was a lady
killer myself."
"Yeah, sure." Said Laxus, skepticism dripping in his voice.
"It's true! Your grandpa was quite the casanova!" Makarov defended.
"No offense master, but we've never seen you with any other woman after your wife divorced
you." Macao chimes in with Wakaba nodding in agreement.
"Shut your traps, you brats!" Makarov shrieked.
"IS NO ONE GONNA POINT OUT THAT ASMODEUS HAD SEX WITH BOTH ERZA
AND HER MOM!?"
The scene switches to an empty room as the door slowly opens.
"This is your room?" I asked.
"Yes, now can you PLEASE put me down already!" Erza demands, her voice a mix of anger
and embarrassment.
I set her on the bed.
"I can't sleep like this." Erza said as her body shifts in an uncomfortable manner. "You're
gonna have to help me take my armor off."
I can feel [Gamer's Mind] kicking in to stop my rising arousal. "Can't you use [Requip] to
take it off?"
"Normally yes, but my magic isn't responding so you'll have to do it by hand." Erza states.
"... what?"
[Oh, this is starting to get frisky~]
"Start with my legs. They're the easiest. There are straps just below my knees, but they are
hidden under the metal plating." Erza explains.
Without much hesitation, I grab onto her right leg and find the straps she was talking about. I
undo the knot that holds them together and it comes right off, revealing glistening pale skin

with no blemishes or scarring.
"Mm." I overheard a moan coming from Erza.
"You okay?" I asked.
"I-I'm fine! You may continue!" Erza quickly tries (and fails) to hide her blush.
I do the same thing for the other leg and rest follows until all of her limbs are armored free.
I slowly undo the straps on her torso armor and they fall onto her thighs, revealing a pair of
voluptuous G-cups wrapped under a white blouse.
'Jesus! They're huge! Not as huge as Irene's but definitely getting there.' I mentally remark as
I watch Erza's boobs jiggle.
[Can't deny she's Irene's little girl]
"Don't stare. It's embarrassing." Erza's words knock me back into reality.
"Sorry, it's just that you're so beautiful I can't help it." I admit.
Erza glares at me. "Is that your motive? To seduce me while I'm at my lowest?"
"Is that what you think? You just went through a nasty breakup, Erza. I'm not the kind of man
who tries to get it on after a break up." I snapped back, slightly offended by the question.
Erza's eyes widened before looking down in shame. "Forgive me. I shouldn't have said that."
"Erza," I carefully put my words together. "I understand if you want to be alone, but you can't
bottle up your feelings like this. It could get someone hurt."
Erza doesn't respond, she doesn't even look at me.
"... I see. Goodnight then." I stand up and make my way towards the door.
"I always knew… that something was not right." My legs stopped as I heard her words.
"There was so much regret in his eyes. I didn't question it at first, but after rescuing him from
the dragon god his regret intensified. He wouldn't even look me in the eyes anymore."
I turn around only to see tears falling from Erza's face.
"Was I truly so pitiful that he had to act like he still loved me for so long?" Erza cried. "I feel
like such a fool for not realizing it sooner, or for simply refusing to believe it!"
Before she could continue, Erza felt herself being embraced in a warm and comforting hug.
"!?"
"It's not your fault, so please stop blaming yourself." I firmly told her. "Jellal definitely
should have been more honest with himself but you shouldn't hate him either. He only did
what he did because he still cares about you."

"But still… I shouldn't have put such a burden on him in the first place even if that were
true." Erza replied.
"Jellal's feelings for you were genuine, but when Acnologia forced you and the others on
Tenrou Island to disappear for 7 years, something broke inside him. He wouldn't eat or sleep
and what's worse is that he almost committed suicide." I revealed, causing Erza's eyes to
widen in horror.
"He… tried to kill himself?" Erza mutters in disbelief.
"If it wasn't for Ultear and Meredy's efforts, I doubt he would even be here with us." I said.
"It was thanks to them that he was able to move on, to finally live for himself in order to at
least honor your memory."
Erza remained silent as I continued to speak, processing what I just revealed to her.
"Look I won't ask what the history between you two was, but that does NOT mean you are at
fault or that you are a bad person." I began. "You are an amazing, strong, compassionate,
determined, and beautiful woman, Erza. But even the best of us aren't perfect and we can
make mistakes even with the best of intentions, and it's okay to ask for help when we are at
our most vulnerable."
"A-Asmodeus…"
"So whenever you have problems, I want you to know that there'll always be a shoulder for
you to cry on or someone who'll listen to you. Because I really care about you." I said.
"D-Do you really mean that?" Erza stammered.
"Of course." I pull her away to show her my smiling face. "I love you, Erza."
+24 Affection from Erza Scarlet (80/100)
Erza didn't know what to say, her mind was blank. Instead, she did the one thing she could at
this moment.
She cried.
Erza finally breaks and cries on my shoulder, her emotions finally let loose.
I hug her as she lets it all out, not moving from my spot.
Sometime later, Erza falls asleep and I tuck her into bed.
[You sounded so honest back there]
'Well, I did have a crush on her and Mira back in middle school so I really wasn't lying.' I
admit.
[You must be happy to finally get that off your chest]

'A little. Okay yeah, I'm definitely happy!' I can't help but smile. 'It's just so surreal. I never
thought in a million years I would confess my feelings to an anime character like this.'
[But you did, be proud of that. And hey, we now have a delicious mother and daughter
pair in the harem so that's a plus]
'Sometimes I think you are even more of a pervert than me.' I turn around and make my way
towards the door.
I twist the knob and pull only to see Lucy, Mira, Cana, and Brandish fall to the floor.
The four girls quickly pick themselves up as I give the group a blank stare.
"Were you four listening in on us?" I asked.
"Wh-N-NO!" Lucy denies.
"Yeah! We just got here, dude!" Cana adds.
[They're not good at lying]
"I thought we were here to spy on them." Brandish bluntly reveals.
[At least one of them is honest]
My eyes glance at Irene and Seilah while closing the door behind me. "And what about you
two?"
"Our hearing is five times better than a human's. We could hear you from this end well
enough." Irene said.
"And how much did you all hear?" I rhetorically asked, though I already had a feeling.
"We heard all of it, Asmodeus-sama." Seilah answered, just as bluntly as Brandish.
"Well you can't blame us, Asmodeus-kun." Mira says. "We've known Erza for the longest
time and were genuinely concerned for her well-being, both from the apparent attack and
her…breakup with Jellal." She looks sad but is quickly replaced with a smile. "Though I have
faith that my new boyfriend would be able to help her with both."
"What you said to Erza was definitely more profound than anything we could have said. You
certainly do have a way with words, Azzy-kun." Cana follows with a wink.
"And is that the only reason you girls came over?" I asked, knowing that wasn't the sole
reason.
"…While I was genuinely concerned for Erza's well-being, I was worried she was gonna
have sex again with Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish said in a fearful tone, causing the other girls
to sweat drop in response.

"We didn't even have sex to begin with Brandish, you all just assumed so." I told her with a
deadpan tone. "Also, do you girls really think I'm gonna take advantage of a girl when she's
at her lowest due to a bad break-up? Let alone on the same day?"
"Ah, oh…" The girls look down ashamed.
"Exactly, I'm not a sexual deviant." 'Despite naming myself after THE Sex Demon.' "I don't
just jump on defenseless girls because they have nice bodies." I said. "I helped her because I
care about her. If she wants to be in a relationship with me it's because she wants to, not
because I force her into it."
"So wait, does that mean Natsu lied about you having sex with Irene?" Lucy asks, causing all
the girls to immediately look back at me, though Irene's expression was one of amusement
and mischief.
I sighed while rubbing the back of my head, silently cursing Natsu for revealing that to
everyone.
"…No, that was true." I revealed.
"He made me his that night, and stuffed me full from top to bottom." Irene adds, making the
three fairies blush at the imagery.
"YOU BITCH!" Brandish leaps at Irene, but a single hit from Irene's staff stops her in her
tracks.
"So how good is he?" Cana asks while wiggling her eyebrows.
"He was a true Alpha like no other, ravishing me all night long." Irene said with pride. "It's
undeniably a good thing that Asmodeus is catching the eye of many females, because
between his lust and stamina, no one female will be able to satisfy him in the end."
"If that's the case, would you mind joining me when I sleep with Asmodeus-sama?" Seilah
asks Irene directly, ignoring her audience. "If not, perhaps you could, Brandish?"
Irene giggled. "I would love to, with either of you."
"I'll make sure to give Asmodeus-sama an experience he'll never forget!" Brandish says with
pride, not caring for the large bump on her head.
"Hm, would you mind joining me, Mirajane? If not, I can ask Ur." Cana asks
the [Transcendent].
"Why not? It could be fun with either of you, or even all 3 of us. I bet Asmodeus-kun would
enjoy that!" Mirajane giggled.
"You girls do realize that I'm still here, right? Or Lucy for that matter?" I ask with a
sweatdrop as Lucy's face was tomato red from hearing all the girls openly discussing teaming
up to have sex with me.

"P-Perverts! You're all perverts!" Lucy shrieks.
"Oh c'mon Lucy, it's not like you haven't thought about doing it with Natsu at least once or
twice." Cana teased with a cheshire grin.
At this point, Lucy couldn't take it anymore, prompting her to flee.
"She makes it way too easy." Cana giggled.
"I know, right? Glad to know I'm not the only one who likes messing with Lucy and seeing
her reactions!" Brandish says to the brunette.
"Listen up, girls." I said in a serious tone, drawing all their attention. "I didn't mention this in
front of everyone earlier due to the events of the past two days and because this is personal
for Ur, but there were actually three assailants instead of two."
"There were more? Wait, why would this be connected to Ur?" Mira pondered in confusion.
"Because during the fight, Erza and I got a good look at one of her kidnappers, and it was
none other than her daughter Ultear." I revealed, shocking most of the group.
"What?" Mira says, surprised. "Why would she kidnap Erza? I thought she was our friend."
"I don't think she even had a choice." I raise my arm and point to my forehead. "She had
some kind of weird rune tattooed on her forehead. My guess is someone or something is
controlling her mind."
"What did you say!?" Everyone turns to a horrified Ur just on top of the stairs.
"My daughter… is here?" Ur said.
"... shit." I cursed under my breath.
[Talk about bad timing]
Ur quickly whips back around only for two [Chromas] to appear and immobilize her.
"Let me go! I need to save her!" Ur hysterically demanded.
"So that you can get yourself captured and brainwashed? No way." I told her.
"But I can save her! I'm strong!"
"And so is Ultear and however many girls this master has under his control." I argued. "Look,
I know you want to rescue your daughter, but now's not the right time."
"THEN WHEN!?"
"When we have more information, when we know just how big this conspiracy is, when
you calm down." Irene lists off. "You cannot just jump into a situation without a clear plan in
mind. That's what children do."

"That's Natsu in a nutshell." Cana chimes in.
"Look, we'll all get to the bottom of this and we will rescue Ultear but not like this. Not when
there are still too many questions." I assured her.
Ur calms down and the constructs disappear.
"There's also something else. On my way to Erza, I fought one of the kidnappers. They seem
to also possess time magic." I point to my teeth and make a clicking noise. "Apparently, they
can stop time by clicking their teeth."
Irene's and Brandish' eyes widened in recognition.
"It… can't be." Brandish mutters which gets our attention.
"You know this person?" I said.
"We do. Her name is Dimaria Yesta, one of the Spriggan 12." Irene reveals. "She uses the allworld Time Magic known as [Âge Seal] which allows to freeze for everything but herself."
"I see." I said. 'Her magic functions exactly like [The World's] time stop ability. Meaning that
only someone with a similar power can fight her.'
"On top of that, she's an accomplished user of Take Over, using [God Soul] to summon the
God of Time into her body." Irene continues. "She is also a fierce and ruthless warrior who
doesn't show any mercy and is prone to play with her enemies."
"Great, so we have to deal with a sociopath with time magic and can possess a god. How are
we supposed to stop that?" Ur skeptically asked.
"I'm sure Asmodeus-sama knows what to do." Brandish said.
"I actually don't." I admit, causing everyone to slip and fall on the floor.
"Haha, that's very funny, Azzy." Cana laughs a little but sees that he's serious.
"I seriously don't." I said. "But I do have something that'll help."
I pull out the small dart from my coat pocket. "This poisoned dart was on Erza's neck when I
found her. If I can get it analyzed, then we might just find a clue as to who we're dealing
with."
"And how are you going to do that?" Ur asks.
I open my pocket dimension and pull out my Scroll.
The girls look perplexed by the device in my hand.
"What are you doing?" Cana asks as she watches me dial numbers.
"Calling for reinforcements." It rings and I walk down the stairs.

The girls all look at each other before deciding to follow their lover.
I walk out of the inn. "Handles, it's me. Lock on my coordinates and fire a Groundbridge."
"AFFIRMATIVE."
The girls soon exit the inn as I hang up the call.
"What's going on?" Mira asked.
I turn to the girls. "Nothing much, just going home."
On cue, a large green fluorescent vortex appears in front of me, surprising the harem.
"C'mon, let's go." I walk in and vanish into the vortex.
The girls stare at where their lover was before staring at the green portal.
"W-Wait for me!" Brandish rushes in after him and disappears.
"Fuck it, I'm too drunk to care right now." Cana mutters before going into the portal.
"... wherever the master goes, I shall follow." Seilah vanishes from sight.
"Geronimo!" Mira runs towards the portal.
Ur reluctantly walks towards the portal. She slowly raises her hand forward only to suddenly
be kicked in.
"Let's do this." Irene says as she walks in and vanishes.
As the portal closes, the perspective changes to show an open window on the second floor…
and its resident missing.
As the girls walk out of the vortex, they find themselves in what appears to be an empty
chamber with rings on the walls.
"What is this place?" Ur asks.
"ASMODEUS-SAMA!" A high-pitched voice screams out.
The girls turn to the source and see Asmodeus being ensnared by a petite-looking girl with
long straight hair and wearing a white suit. Though their attention quickly shifts to the pair of
bunny ears on top of her head.
"Hey Lamy. I'm back." I said.
Mira's eyes widened at the name. 'It can't be.'
The little bunny looks up and he's greeted with tears running down her face.

"Dummy! Do you have any idea how long it's been since I last saw you!? I thought… I
thought you abandoned us!" Lamy cried.
"I'm sorry, but I'm here now." I pat her head.
Mira walks forward and quickly recognizes the small Etherious. "You!? What are you doing
here!?"
"Hm?" Lamy looks up and realizes that I wasn't alone. "…uh, Asmodeus-sama, why are there
three Fairy Tail mages with you?" Her eyes widen as she recognizes another face. "Is that
Seilah-sama?!"
"Lamy. Asmodeus-sama informed me of your and Torafuzar's survival." Seilah states.
"Speaking of which." I stood up. "Where is the big guy anyway?"
"Right behind you." I whip my neck back and am met with the imposing form of the hulking
Etherious.
[How did he sneak behind us without making any noise!?]
"Torafuzar." I greet and the demon nods.
"It's good to see you home, Asmodeus-sama." Torafuzar said.
"Asmodeus-kun, don't you know who they are!? They're members of Tartaros!" Mira
exclaims with shock and worry.
"Former members, actually. Tartaros no longer exists. They work for me now." I clarify while
patting Lamy's head. "I found them in the ruined remains of their guild along with Jackal and
Jiemma."
"Jiemma? Sabertooth's former guildmaster? He survived?" Cana said.
"Yup. They wanted to kill you all, but I made sure that they wouldn't be a problem to
anyone." I said. "As for these two, they both swore loyalty to me and I turned the ruins into
our new home."
"Wait. Are you saying that this place is-"
"The remains of one of the most notorious and brutal dark guilds in Ishgar? Yes. Though
Ignia destroyed it and then I had to rebuild it again. Not fun." I state.
"Still, are you sure it's okay to trust them?" Mira asks with weariness in her gaze.
"Positive." I reassured her. "They know they can't stop me and that I can kill them if they
threaten humanity again, and they have shown their loyalty and willingness to die for me,
like when Ignia came here looking for a fight."
"Oh right, you did mention that." Cana said.

"…alright, I'll trust you Asmodeus-kun," Mirajane sighs in reluctance. "But I'll keep my eyes
on them."
"Good." I replied before realizing something. "Wait, why did you say 'three Fairy Tail
wizards' Lamy? Only two came through."
"Then why is Erza Scarlet standing behind all of you?" Camy said while pointing behind us.
We all whip back and, sure enough, Erza's standing right behind us.
"Hehehe." Erza nervously chuckles. "E-Erza? I'm not Erza. I'm Happy!"
[Yeah. No one's buying that]
"What are you doing here?" Irene asks.
"I… I heard what you all said at the inn." Erza revealed.
"You were listening in on us!?" Mira exclaims.
"To be fair, you were all pretty loud."
[She got us there]
"I wanna help you all find out who's behind all of this. I can't just sleep knowing my family's
in danger!" Erza states.
"... okay." I said, surprising the knight.
"Y-You serious? Just like that!?" Erza asked.
"Sure, the more the merrier. Besides, it looks like your numbness has finally worn off." I said
with a shrug. "Anyways, Torafuzar here can give you girls a tour of the palace while Lamy
and I head to [Satan's Soul]. See you later." I turn around and walk towards the exit.
"Wait up!" Lamy yells and the two walk out of the room.
"[Satan's Soul]? Is that where [Hell's Core] used to be?" Mira muttered.
Cana turns to the Etherious. "So, got a bar around here?"
Torafuzar stares down at her for what felt like ages before letting out a sigh.
"Follow me." He walks out of the room and the group quickly follows him.
Lamy and I walk down the chrome-colored halls as we head to our destination.
"By the way master, where did you get a monkey tail?" Lamy points to my Saiyan tail. "You
didn't have the last time I saw you."

"I've gone through some changes, my dear. Same as you apparently." I said, eying her new
appearance.
"I sure did!" She twirls and makes a dramatic pose. "What do you think? Do I look sexy or
what!?"
Sexy? Ridiculously cute is more like it.
Lamy's new outfit consists of a black office shirt under a white vest with matching coat and
scarf, white pants, white shoes, a red tie, and a white trench coat. She also grew out her hair,
now draping just below her shoulders.
Overall, minus the fuzzy white cap and the extra ears, she looks just like Girlycard from
Hellsing Ultimate.
"You look great, Lamy." I said with a smile.
Lamy blushes and starts twirling. "Master likes my new look! The alterations were certainly
worth it, fafafafa~"
We eventually reach [Satan's Soul] and even I can't help but be impressed. Where what once
was a dimly lit chamber of flesh and machinery crudely put together now is a neat and bright
research lab with rows of ethernano tanks lined up without tentacles connecting them to the
ceiling or floor as well as medical and scientific machinery that I will not waste time
explaining.
"You tidied this place up nicely." I remarked.
"It was all thanks to Asmodeus-sama's clones." Lamy said.
"Lamy." The demon rabbit turns to me as I show her the dart. "What can you tell me about
this dart?"
Lamy takes the dart and inspects. She walks towards a machine on a table and inserts the dart
inside, creating a hologram that begins to scan the dart and its contents.
"Well, this is interesting." Lamy began. "According to this, the cartridge in the dart has traces
of Spiria mixed in with some kind of nerve agent."
That got my attention. "Spiria? So, you're saying this dart came from Elentear?"
[It would explain why Erza couldn't use magic. The Spiria in the dart was affecting her
container]
The reason why [Spirit Arts] negate [Magic Power] is because Spiria disrupts the
circulation of Ethernano due to the sheer potency and, when absorbed by a Mage, their
container will overheat because it's too strong. That would also explain why my healing skill
wasn't so effective on Erza, the Spiria in her body was interfering with it as well.

'I remember Selene once telling me that the reason why there are so few [Spirit Art] users in
Elentear is because the training required is life threatening since they can't regulate even the
smallest amount of Spiria.' I thought. 'Even Selene herself admitted that she couldn't absorb
Spiria and would sometimes travel to Earthland to replenish her [Magic Power].'
"Yes. There also seems to be traces of life energy embedded into the tip itself. While the
remaining compound was created through [Alchemy]."
Life energy? As in Ki? How the heck did Kiget mixed up in all of this?
And [Alchemy]? The only group I can think of who uses that craft is Gold Owl. But what
would they gain from kidnapping Erza or women in general? If I remember correctly, aren't
they after Dragon Slayer magic?
But seriously, a combined concoction of Spiria, Ki, and Alchemy is unheard of. Whoever did
this must be someone truly formidable.
Something's not adding up here.
"Does this mean anything, Asmodeus-sama?" A curious Lamy asked.
"... only that we now have more questions than answers." I said.
"What should we do?"
"For now, let's tell everyone what we found." I told her.
We walked out of the lab and, no sooner than that did we run into Torafuzar.
"Speak of the devil. We were just about to look for you." I glance to the empty space beside
him. "Where are the girls?"
"They are at the bar. One of the human females started a drinking contest between herself,
Seilah, and Irene-san to see who is the strongest. I was hoping you would be able to stop
them." Torafuzar states.
[You gotta be shittin' me. Can't that girl stop drinking for 10 minutes!?]
"Fine, lead the way." Torafuzar then proceeds to lead us to the bar where the girls are at.
Upon arriving, I catch sight of the three competing girls drinking large barrels of alcohol
while Erza, Mirajane, Ur, and Brandish eagerly watch.
"Go, Cana, go!" Mira cheers.
Cana lets out a loud exhale before throwing the large barrel into a large pile in the back.
"Fuck, that was the tastiest alcohol I've ever had! I could go for another!" Cana exclaims,
before suddenly collapsing and passing out on the floor.

[Wasn't that the alcohol stash Selene gave us? The super strong stuff that only dragons
can drink and can kill normal humans]
'Yup, but since when are members of Fairy Tail anything but normal.'
[Good point]
"I see you girls are having fun." I spoke, catching everyone's attention. "Sorry if there doesn't
seem to be anything to entertain you guys, but between rebuilding this place and training and
traveling, I haven't had the chance to really settle in."
"It's fine, Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish states. "This place is amazing!"
"To think you turned the remains of one of Earthland's most dangerous dark guilds into
something this amazing. You truly are incredible, Asmodeus-kun." Mirajane said in awe.
"Aw, it's nothing. Besides this is just one of the surface floors." I said.
"You mean there's more!?" Ur asked, bewildered at the idea.
"Yup, but that's enough of that. I wanted to tell you what we found in the dart, and it's a lot." I
said.
Erza's expression turns serious. "What did you find?"
"For starters, it's not normal poison, it's a concoction of three different types of power merged
together." I answered. "The first is Spiria, a type of particle that's native to Elentear and can
cancel out Earthland magic. The second is called Ki or life energy, which can be harnessed
for all manner of purposes."
"I never heard of this 'Ki' before." Irene points out.
"Not surprising, considering that it isn't native to your universe." I said, causing everyone to
give me a weird look.
"What do you mean 'your universe'?" Erza asked.
"Exactly what it means." I replied. "There are an infinite amount of universes, as many as
there are stars in the night sky, all full of wonderful and terrible things with a variety of
cultures and powers. Ki is just one of many."
Ur pieces it together. "You're not from this world, are you?"
"You got it."
"Are you from Elentear or Edolas?" Mira asked.
"Nope. I'm from another reality altogether called Remnant." I replied.
"Remnant?" Seilah said, for some reason she felt that the word had a deeper meaning to it.

"Have you ever heard Asmodeus-sama talk about his world before?" Lamy whispers to
Torafuzar.
"No. This is a first for me as well." Torafuzar said.
Brandish wasn't as surprised as the others, since he told her once that he was from another
world.
And now she finally has a name for her master's home… "Remnant".
She wonders what sort of sweets they have there.
"I've already been to one universe already, almost died there too if I hadn't pulled a Deus Ex
Machina out of my ass at the last second." I said. "Anyways, whoever made this "spiritual
tranquilizer" must be able to travel between universes like me, otherwise it would've been
impossible to synthesize it. They would also know that normal weapons wouldn't have
worked on Erza because of her [Aura] which is why the dart was laced with pure life energy
so that it could punch through it."
"So whoever this mysterious person is must have knowledge about [Aura] and how it
works." Irene surmised.
I grimly nod. "Exactly, and whoever's behind this likely knows who I am."
Ur's brows furrowed. "This is just getting shittier by the second."
The room goes silent as everyone contemplates the situation.
"In any case, it seems like this adversary is far more dangerous than we anticipated." I sighed.
"Having access to this kind of knowledge and power is by no means easy, especially in
regards to Ki. To come up with something like this shows how resourceful and equipped they
are, and will undoubtedly be rather challenging even for me."
"What should we do, Asmodeus-kun?" Mirajane asks her boyfriend in concern. "The way
you speak makes it sound like they're some kind of monster."
"In a way, they are." I admit. "Aldoron was insanely powerful with a Chaos Emerald, but he
let the power get to his head which is what allowed us to defeat him. If they also have a
Chaos Emerald, then things have just become complicated."
"What makes you believe they have a Chaos Emerald?" Torafuzar asked.
"I highly doubt whoever did this would be able to casually travel to various universes to
attain these powers if they didn't have such impressive means, especially since universes with
strong Ki users are among the most dangerous, with only a few things like Chaos Energy
being more dangerous." I told him.
"Then we will just defeat them. We've done it before." Erza declares.

"You don't understand, this isn't like fighting Aldoron. Whoever they are, they know how to
use the emerald properly. Not only that, but this enemy is clever. How else do you think they
created something that can not only pierce [Aura] but also cripple your magic?" I told her.
I took a moment to let that sink in for everyone to process, including Lamy and Torafuzar
who weren't initially involved in this situation, realizing just how serious the stakes are.
"Since this 'master' is apparently targeting powerful women, each of you is undoubtedly a
high-value target, with the same likely extending to the other females in Fairy Tail, or other
magic guilds." I tell them. "You will all need to stay on guard and likely get stronger, and
Fairy Tail may need to take precautions to protect its female members. You girls can stay here
with me for the time being, though I'm not sure if the rest of Fairy Tail is willing to stay
here."
"We will stay with you, Asmodeus-sama." Irene stated. "We trust you with our lives, and you
have a track record of doing the impossible. And it's clear that this is a secure location. We
would be fools not to take you up on your offer."
The other girls nodded in agreement without hesitation.
"Thanks girls, you have no idea how happy that makes me right now." I smile before turning
serious again. "Now, we need to see what we can do about Fairy Tail, and I need to check up
on a friend to figure out how and why this mysterious 'master' is using Spiria."
"I'll talk to the master about our next plan of action." Erza said in reassurance. "But who are
you gonna see?"
"Oh right, I guess it must have slipped my mind." I began. "She's actually one of your targets
for the 100-Year Quest: The Moon Dragon God, Selene."
"The Moon Dragon God!?" The girls yell in shock. Torafuzar and Lamy, however, were
unfazed by the revelation.
"Yeah, she's the one who taught me my Dragon Slayer magic." I said.
"The Moon Dragon God is your friend? Is she trustworthy?" Erza asks. She Knows that after
fighting both the Water and Wood Dragon Gods they weren't creatures to be messed with.
I almost wanted to laugh at her face. Trustworthy? She only taught me her magic AFTER
dumping me in the middle of nowhere and had to fight her guardians just so I could even talk
to her. Not only that, but her training was nothing short of brutal torture. She would have me
punch boulders, shoot me with her light rays, tease me with her body, make me stare at the
moon without blinking for 24 hours straight, and would give me merciless beatdowns all with
a smile on her face.
Yeah, I trust her as far as I can throw her.
But… I can't say that I hate her to be honest. She did help me a lot, and I probably wouldn't
have made it this far without her guidance.

"She's… eccentric but alright." I said with a bit of reluctance. "Okay, she can be very
ambiguous and unpredictable to the point that you may want to lock her way and throw away
the key, but for the most part, she seems to have a neutral interest in humanity. The only
times she might be dangerous is when someone actively antagonizes her, attacks her without
provocation, or targets those she cares about. I know for a fact she hates Diabolos and would
kill them on sight if they ever set foot in her domain since they did kill and eat her children
for power."
When the girls heard this, they had to concede on the last point, with Irene surprisingly
feeling very sympathetic and understanding, possibly because of her own past.
It wasn't a big secret. Despite appearances, the goddess actually did care for her family and
those in her inner circle. There were times where I spotted Selene staring at the eternal night
sky with melancholy. Other times, she would wander aimlessly in the castle gardens almost
in a trance. The servants and Divinities never brought it out of fear of her wrath and I didn't
say anything because it was none of my business.
[Seeing her act like that, makes me see just how human she really is]
"If for whatever reason she proves me wrong, then I will take responsibility and stop her
myself." I swore.
"If you truly believe she is trustworthy, then we will trust you, Asmodeus-kun." Ur said, with
the other girls nodding in agreement.
"There's something I've been meaning to ask, Asmodeus-kun." Mira's cute voice draws my
attention.
"Considering the apparent danger we're facing, shouldn't we not only get stronger but also
possibly pursue other forms of power?" Mira asks.
I got a feeling I know where this is going. "Anything in particular?"
"[Chaos Energy]." Mirajane replies. "Irene, Brandish, and Seilah were able to drain it from
Doom, and you used it to give Natsu a power to mention you used that same power to not just
save me from Aldoron, but also make me into what I am now."
"I also agree with the Takeover wizard. Our first time experience with that power was less
than pleasant." Irene said, the feeling of pain from absorbing that power still fresh in her
mind. "And after we died and were brought back, I think I speak for all of us in saying we
refuse to be so helpless again, especially if this enemy also has a Chaos Emerald."
The girls all nod and turn to me with determined looks on their faces.
[You know, they do bring up a good point. Learning how to control their powers would
give them all a fighting edge. Plus, some of them might finally unlock their Semblances]
While I couldn't deny their words, I was admittedly somewhat conflicted on the notion.

I wasn't really thinking when I unlocked the guild's [Auras] back then, I just wanted to
protect them against a dragon fueled by the primordial powers of chaos.
But now that the threat was taken care of, I began to realize the full ramifications of my
actions. Bringing a power from another universe and giving it to someone else may upset the
balance of power in the world. If anyone found out about it, it could cause a ripple effect for
the future of Earthland. But even giving just a select few individuals access to their own
limited but self-generating reserves of [Chaos Energy]? There would be no telling what the
long-term consequences would be.
[it is definitely a risky gamble, especially since there are already signs of Natsu
undergoing gradual changes from his infusion of it, considering he was already
destructive enough. But she might be right. I mean, Piccolo was able to destroy the
Moon in the Saiyan Saga, and anyone stronger than Frieza is guaranteed to be able to
destroy planets, so there's a chance that any Ki users this mysterious group has could be
potentially too dangerous, especially if they can bypass Fairy Tail's advantages in Magic
and now Aura]
"... you're right, Mira. Absolutely right." I said acknowledgement. "As things are now, we
can't remain stagnant. We need to get stronger, stronger than we've ever been before."
"So does that mean you'll train us?" Ur asked.
"I never said I wasn't." I said. "We can start tomorrow but for now, you all need to rest. You
all must be exhausted."
Erza stands up. "I'll return to Drameel. Master will want to hear about this."
"Good idea."
"I'd like to stay with you, Asmodeus-sama." Brandish said.
"I will stay as well. Despite my newfound tolerance, I still cannot stand being around those
smelly humans." Seilah admits with mild disgust in her tone.
"I will stay. I can't stand being in one place knowing my daughter is out there." Ur said.
"I will stay too. I want to learn more about your universe." Irene said with a smile.
Suddenly, a loud gasp catches everyone's attention and Cana stands upright.
"What happened!? I just dreamt about drinking the most sweet-tasting liquor in the world!"
Cana yells out.
I sweat drop. "Someone's gonna fill her in on what happened."
"Come on Cana-chan. Let's get you to bed." Mira helps Cana up.
"We'll take you to the guest rooms." I look up at the ceiling. "Handles, open a Groundbridge.
Use last known coordinates."

"AFFIRMATIVE." A digital voice says and a small green vortex appears next to Erza.
"Ugh, I think I might have drunk too much because the room just talked." Cana groaned.
"Oh yeah, that's Handles. Think of him as the castle's invisible butler." I told her. Artificial
Intelligence isn't exactly a thing here in Earthland. And while I don't doubt their intelligence,
I think explaining the existence of an AI might be a little too much for them right now.
"I will be leaving now. Farewell for now." Erza disappears into the portal and it closes.
"Alright, girls, let's go." I said and we were on our way.
While my base is based on the game world of Sword Art Online, I made sure that the upper
floors were as straightforward as possible. The [Ruby Palace] is divided into 30 floors, a
third of them are for recreation and training. The underground floors are where things
become more dungeon-like, with large empty chambers specifically made to house monsters
and other creatures that will guard the floors from enemies. In between these floors is the
hangar, the Emerald Altar, a colosseum, a vault to keep all sorts of trinkets and weapons, an
observatory, the mainframe where Handles is placed, a workshop, a library, and [Satan's
Soul].
After the elevator stops at number 12 the doors open and we're greeted with a hall full of
nothing but doors.
"Here we are. You can pick any door you want." I told them.
The girls went to pick their doors and when they opened them their eyes widened in awe.
The inside was nothing short of gorgeous. A large queen-sized bed draped in soft-looking
white bed sheets with one long pillow stretching across the mattress. The walls are mainly
white with a gray wooden finish which perfectly matches the carpeted floor with a chandelier
made of pure crystal hanging on the ceiling. Across the room is a large black wooden
nightstand with an equally large mirror attached with the door to the bathroom next to it.
Adjacent to the room is a large window draped in royal purple curtains, which are thin
enough to allow for a view of the outside.
The bathrooms are nothing to scoff at either. The room was covered in black marble from
head to toe. A large white sink sits in the middle along with nice countertops and mirrors and
a toilet. Below the sink sits a dozen bath towels all neatly folded along with a variety of
beauty products and luxury lotions/shampoos. Finally, a shower with a tub that also doubles
as a personal jacuzzi.
"The rooms can be decorated in any way you choose. There's a control panel that'll allow you
all to change the room's settings." I said.
The girls went inside and quickly got comfortable. However, just as I was about leave"WAIT!"
"Hm?" What's wro-!

*Chu~*
The girls all suddenly kiss me.
"Good night, darling~" The girls said with a smile.
I can't help but return the gesture with kisses on my own, each in their mouths.
"Sweet dreams, girls." I turn around and make my way towards the elevator where the
Etherious were and head inside.
As the elevator ascended further up, the two demons began to speak.
"Are you sure it's wise to bring humans here?" Torafuzar asks his lord.
Lamy looks at Demon Gate offended. "You dare question our leader's decision!? Obviously
he brought those women here for his harem."
"It's fine Lamy. Torafuzar asked a valid question." I said before glancing at The Dark. "As for
your inquiry, you don't need to worry about it. I wouldn't have brought them here if I wasn't
sure of their trust and loyalty."
"But can those women be trusted? Especially the two that worked closely with our creator?"
Torafuzar asked.
"Brandish and Irene had sworn their allegiance and loyalty to me without me even asking for
it and have shown a steadfast refusal to betray me, on top of their feelings for me. And the
Fairy Tail girls are willing to give me the benefit of the doubt, so as long as we don't betray
their trust or threaten their friends or family, you won't need to worry about fighting Fairy
Tail again. And Ur is unlikely to betray me given that I revived her and am willing to help
reunite her with her daughter." I explained.
With [Gamer's Mind] suppressing my more innate emotions, it became easy for me to see
the logic in having the girls as part of my growing group. Five of the strongest women by my
side would surely turn the tide to any battle, and once they gain full mastery of their chaos
powers there'll be nothing in the universe that can stop them.
Though using their feelings towards me like this brought a bad taste in my mouth.
"Very well, Asmodeus-sama. If that is your decision, then I will support it." Torafuzar nodded
in acceptance.
"Besides, aside from Seilah, neither Irene nor Mirajane are human anymore." I said. "Irene is
the creator of Dragon Slayer Magic and the first Dragon Slayer, who
underwent [Dragonification] like Acnologia and is now a dragon. And Mira evolved into
a [Transcendent] thanks in part to me saving her life."
Torafuzar and Lamy were surprised at the revelation.
"A-A [Transcendent]!? I thought they were a myth!" Lamy exclaims.

'Wait, [Transcendents] are real!? What the hell universe!?' I thought. "Whether they're real
or not, Mira's power is the real deal. She could likely kill Acnologia in her base form alone."
Lamy shivers at the thought. Acnologia was a monster, more so than Master Geer. If that
human is now in the same league as them, then she'll need to be on her best behavior.
"Irene and Brandish were already among the most powerful mages in Earthland and served
under the Spriggan 12, Zeref's own elite guard, but after fighting Aldoron they have become
even more powerful." I continued. "Ur was a Wizard Saint-level mage before sealing Deliora
away and the incident involving her revival granted her power, abilities, and knowledge of
several of the most powerful beings in the history of Earthland, including Acnologia and
Zeref."
A lump forms in Lamy's throat at how accurate her master's description is . She has seen the
Spriggan 12 in action, especially Irene. She was powerful enough to pull entire continents
together just so the empire can have an open path to Fairy Tail. And that Brandish woman
wasn't a laughing matter either if she managed to become their creator's personal guard.
It was likely why Tartaros never attacked Alvarez. Not only to not incur their creator's power
but also the power of the guards that protect him.
Despite [Curses] being superior to [Magic] in almost every way, they still had limits that the
Etherious would never admit even to themselves.
"The point is they are very powerful and trustworthy allies. I wouldn't have brought them
here otherwise." I said. "And it wasn't like I was intending for this to always be just the three
of us, we will recruit allies to our ranks and eventually create a guild of our own. Irene,
Brandish, and Seilah will undoubtedly serve as permanent members, with a high likelihood
extending to Ur depending on how things go with Ultear. I can't guarantee Mirajane, Cana,
and Erza would join us if it meant leaving Fairy Tail, but they will at least be allies."
"You wish to establish a new guild, Asmodeus-sama?" Torafuzar asked in surprise.
"Yes and no. It'll be something like a guild but won't operate in the same manner. I still
haven't figured it out yet." I sheepishly admitted.
"If we do become a guild, what would you have us do?" Lamy asked.
"Well, you would have to renounce any sort of malevolent intentions towards humanity, so
pretty much anything that doesn't cross serious ethical lines outside of extenuating
circumstances, though I can't deny the possibility it may occasionally involve wading into
morally ambiguous territory." I replied. "We'll be an independent organization who mainly
focus on multiversal exploration and self growth, though I'm not opposed to treasure-hunting
or mercenary work either." I pondered further. "I also want this place to be a leading pioneer
in science and magic as well as a safe haven for those who have lost their homes or wish for a
second chance."
"That's so beautiful, Asmodeus-sama!" Lamy said.

"You seem to have a firm grasp on how you want this new guild to be." Torafuzar comments.
[While highly ambitious, I genuinely believe you are well on your way to making that a
reality]
'I just need to come up with a name for my new guild and then we'll be all set.' I thought.
The elevator stops as we have reached the highest floor in the palace.
The doors slide open, revealing a long stone staircase that leads to a set of large metal doors.
The interior decor resembles that of a medieval cathedral, with stained glass windows
adoring both sides and large black torches lit with blue flames.
"... well damn. My clones really went all out on the redecorating." Even having their
memories didn't prepare me for the sheer scale and majesty of it all. "I really like it."
We walk up the stairs and eventually reach the doors. I reach out but I stop as the doors open
on their own, allowing me to see what's beyond.
Inside is a large circular chamber with torches providing light, giving a mysterious and
almost haunting vibe. In the center of the room is a large metal throne with totally different
design compared to the previous one and has two torches side by side. Above the throne is a
large circular stained glass window featuring a black with three silver eyes with the third
being on its forehead, looking down from above like some sort of judge.
[Damn, this is meta as fuck]
I walk towards the throne and, after staring at it for a whole minute, turn around and proceed
to take a seat. I shiver at the cold sensation traveling through my body before getting
accustomed to it. I look around and smile as I finally sit at a place straight out of a fans' fever
dream.
"This is nice." I said with a smile.
The two Etherious look at their master sitting in his throne and, in a swift motion, bow before
their king.
'I guess I should start acting like a king.' I look at two bowing to me and say one thing. "Rise.
There is no need to bow, we are all equal here."
The two stand up and stare at me.
"Our first order of business should be raising the palace's defenses to maximum." I began. "I
have no doubt in my mind that our mystery man has a Chaos Emerald in their possession, and
knows about [Aura] as well as my existence by extension. There is a chance that he may
come here to steal the five we currently possess as well as the Master Emerald."
"Understood, Asmodeus-sama." Torafuzar said.

"Another thing that we'll need is more manpower. While I do value the girls' loyalty, it would
be better if we had more hands on deck." I snap my fingers and three appear in between
myself and the others.
The first is a woman with a very distinct appearance, most notably due to her halfhuman/half-aviary characteristics. She seems to be of average height and weight, yet
possesses a curvaceous hourglass figure and H-cup breasts. Her dark green hair reaches down
her shoulders with the top jutting out in various directions and two strands framing her face.
Her hands and feet take the form of sharp and scaly talons, whilst a thick pair of bands wrap
around the woman's thighs, stopping where a similar set of bird-like feet begin.
Her outfit is nothing short of scandalous: a dark cloth on her upper body that partially covers
her chest and wraps around her back and detached sleeves with three bulb-like adornments.
She also dons a dark thong and studded belt around her waist, as well as detached dark pants
that begin mid-thigh and end where her aviary feet begin.
The second is a handsome young man with long, neck-length hair, dark skin, and musclebound arms and chest. He also bears spiky fingernails and small scale-like blades on each
hand. His outfit consists of a black sleeveless, collared shirt with a black, slime-like
highlights and a short tie. He also wears matching straps tied around his forearms, black
pants and shoes.
The third is a well-built young man, with his most noticeable features being his upward spiky
blond hair that goes as far as his shoulder blades on his back, as well as a large white cross
symbol donning on his forehead. He has sharp orange eyes with an accentuated white design
around the crust of them, while also possessing one noticeable earring to go along with a
tight necklace that has a circular ornament attached to it.
For clothing, he wears a golden-colored kasaya that has a rectangular pattern that covers onehalf of his body while the other half is exposed. A white sash is also tied around the upper
part of the garb that streaks to the hip to go with one around his waist as well. On his left
arm, he has an intricate light green tribal tattoo with a decorative armband wrapped around it,
while the mark of the Alvarez Empire resides on his left shoulder. He wears dark colored
capris to go with a simple set of two-toned colored footwear.
Name: Kyôka
Title: Goddess of the Slave Planet, Dominatrix, Interrogator, Torturer
Level: 89
Affiliation: Tartaros
HP: 41,577
MP: 0
CP: 45,001

SP: 32,411
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None (confused as to how she's alive)
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 70/100]
Name: Tempester
Title: The Immortal, Calamity, Silent Assassin, Inattentive
Level: 84
Affiliation: Tartaros
HP: 32,120
MP: 0
CP: 36,551
SP: 40,322
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Doesn't know you, doesn't care
Name: Larcade Dragneel
Title: White Dragneel, Demon Monk, Daddy Issues
Level: 106
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire
HP: 71,209
MP: 95,437
CP: 0
SP: 52,090
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Curious
Skill Level Up!

[Observe LVL. 71/100]
"Where are we?" Kyôka looks at her hands. "How are we alive again?"
"The last thing I remember was my father striking me with a magic attack before everything
went black," Larcade said, still confused as to how he's alive.
"Welcome back to the land of the living." I said, getting the attention of all three Etherious.
"My name is Asmodeus, and I have brought you back to give you a second chance at life, if
you'll take it."
"And why should we listen to a lowly human like you?" Tempester scoffs, exerting
his [Curse Power] only to see that the human wasn't affected in the slightest.
"Ya know, that would actually be intimidating if you were… well, intimidating." I chuckle.
"But to answer your question, I'm not human. You could say that I'm more of a chimera, a
being composed of different races meshed together."
"So basically, you're an abomination." Larcade bluntly states.
"Pretty much." I said with a shrug. "But enough of that. The reason you're here now is
because I need your help."
"What's in it for us?" Kyôka asked. Although she was speaking for herself, she really didn't
care for either guildmate or the strange man though she can tell that he was an Etherious just
from the energy radiating off him.
"Well, for starters you'll all be fully revived. You would also gain new power and become
much stronger than ever. And all I ask is that you renounce any inherently malevolent
intentions towards humanity and swear your loyalty to me." I said.
"Such foolishness. Die." Tempester creates a strong tornado on his right arm and fires it at,
only for it to just bounce right off.
"Impossible!" Tempester exclaims in clear disbelief.
Multiple vine-like thorns shoot out from all corners of the room and quickly ensnares the
three demons.
"This is… [Thorn]! But that's impossible!" Kyôka exclaims.
I close my eyes. "I did try to be civil about this. I want you to know that."
The female Etherious turns to me. "You… How can you possess Master Geer's [Curse]!?"
"That's a good question. Unfortunately, you are not in any position to make demands here." I
told her. "I am giving you a chance to live again. Are you really just going to throw it away?
Most would be overjoyed at the idea of getting an extra life."

"We don't make deals with lower lifeforms. We will kill you and escape this place."
Tempester said.
"And just where will you go? Tartaros is destroyed, and most of the Etherious have been
dealt with. Even if you did manage to escape, you will have to deal with the likes of Fairy
Tail and my group of lovers, not to mention the dragon gods that are currently running
around." I said.
The trio just stay silent as reality slowly sinks into their heads.
"You two should accept his offer." Torafuzar told them.
"You are the last person I would be listening to, traitor." Tempester sneers.
"Please Kyôka-sama! Seilah-sama wouldn't want to fight you!" Lamy exclaims
Kyôka's eyes widened. "Seilah, she's here?"
"Brandish and Irene are here as well." I said, causing Larcade to look surprised.
The three grow silent, and I just sigh.
"Jeez you three are stubborn." I stand up, letting them all see my Saiyan Tail. "I guess a
personal demonstration is in order." I clench both of my hands and transform into a [Super
Saiyan].
Everyone is shocked by the sudden transformation but that shock quickly turns into fear as
they sense his increase in power. No, that's not quite right. It was like staring at the tallest
mountain whose size pierces the very heavens themselves.
"If I wanted to, I could kill you in my base form. But I figured showing you this
transformation would be enough to show you just how outclass you all are." I told them.
"Asmodeus-sama… how did you gain such power so quickly?" Torafuzar asked.
"It's a long story, but it mostly involves fighting an angel of death." I dismiss the
transformation as I turn my attention back to the trio. "So, what's your decision? Will you
join me, or will I have to send you back to the afterlife?"
"... I'll join. It would be good to be among allies again." Larcade said.
"I will join as well. There's no point fighting against someone clearly stronger." Kyôka
admits.
"Excellent." The vines loosen and the two are released.
"And what about you, Tempester? Will you join me or not?" I asked.
Tempest growls at me before looking down at the ground. Despite his pride, he knows when
he is beaten. Not to mention that his [Calamity] has no effect on him. Then there's the fact

that he also uses [Curses] like them.
He called himself a chimera. Does this mean that he is an amalgamation of all [Nine Demon
Gates]? No, he's much more than that. I can feel it.
This MONSTER isn't a creature to be trifled with.
"... very well. I will join you." He responds and the vines release him.
"Wonderful, I knew you'd see it my way. Welcome aboard." I said with a smile.
The calamity demon stands up and sends me a glare filled with hatred.
[This may be harder than we thought]
"Anyways, now I will fulfill my promise." I raise my hand and three black orbs appear just
above my fingertips. "These black orbs are made of [Dark Matter], think of them as my own
version of Ethernano. Once you absorb them, they will rebuild you and make your bodies
flesh and blood again."
The orbs launch and are absorbed into their bodies. In an instant, the three are consumed
by [Dark Matter] and it dissipates as soon as it comes.
The three look at themselves and recognize the familiar warmth and sensation of living.
"I'm… I'm alive." Kyôka said.
Tempester looks at his hands before clenching into fists, allowing his sharp nails to stab his
palms and draw blood.
"There will be many benefits, but those will be revealed in time. For now, I suggest you rest,
you must be exhausted." I told them before turning to the two other demons. "Torafuzar,
Lamy. Please show them to the guest rooms."
The two demons nod. "Alright everyone, follow us and we'll take you to your rooms."
The five then proceed to leave, but not before Tempester sends me the stink eye as the doors
close behind him.
[That guy has some major issues]
I let out a sigh before falling back on my throne. "Fuck, that was tiresome. I can understand
why Ainz hates this sort of thing."
[You did a pretty good job back there. You might make a good king someday]
I snort. "As if. Who'd want a stupid job like that? I already have enough shit to deal with."
I open my menu to check my stats.
Update Complete.

Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons, Master Forger, Master of Death, Lord of Terror
Race: Omniversal Chimera
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 519
HP: 1,054,385 (105439 per minute)
MP: 793,903 (79390 per minute)
SP: 528,334 (52833 per minute)
AP: 1,570,846 (157085 per minute)
VIT: 26,360
STR: 26,474
DEX: 26,417
END: 26,370
INT: 52,315
WIS: 52,362
MAG: 26,463
LUK: 26,360
CHA: 26,391
Credits: 5,017,976,511
"My race has changed." I press on it and a window opens.
Omniversal Chimera
The metaphysical and genetic amalgamation of multiple different races from across the
Multiverse.
Utilizes the full combined potential and possibilities of each composite race without
issue and capable of seamlessly combining them both passively and actively, with any
potential weaknesses of the composite races being minimized or nonexistent, granting
maximum potential and might with minimal to no downsides.

I let out a wolf whistle. "Hot damn, that is good."
[I thought it would be fitting, considering that your now multiple races rolled into one]
"By the way, what does the update do?" I asked.
[Nothing much. Just strengthening the effectiveness of your skill/perks among other
quality-of-life improvements. You've already noticed that with Gamer's Mind being
more effective]
"Oh yeah." I said.
[Why not take this time to cash your gacha tokens?]
"Good point. I wanna see what I get this time." I take out my tokens and proceed to use them.
You gained the following items from Legendary Gacha Tokens:
[Captain America's Proto Adamantium Shield] - Rank: EX
The OG version of the iconic shield of Captain America from the Mainstream Marvel
Universe of Earth-616, from which all alternate depictions of the legendary shield are
based off of. It is the only source of Proto-Adamantium to ever exist on an Omniversal
scale, the rarest and strongest meta-metal of all time, whose strength and endurance is
truly indestructible and immutable. Capable of withstanding the attacks of even the
most powerful beings of all time, and can be used as an improvised projectile weapon.
[Omnificence Crystal] - Rank: ?
The original "prototype" of the Super Dragon Balls. Like the Super Dragon Balls, it
can grant any wish with no limitations, except it can grant as many wishes as the user
wants without needing to recharge, doesn't scatter after wish-granting, and doesn't
require a chant to activate or need a special language used. Was originally hidden away
and kept secret out of concern of the consequences of falling into the wrong hands due
to the perceived lack of safeguards and being indestructible.
[Darksaber] - Rank: EX
An ancient and unique black-bladed lightsaber created by Tarre Vizsla, the first
Mandalorian ever inducted into the Jedi Order, around 1050 BBY. The Darksaber was
passed down, generation to generation, by the ancestors of Pre Vizsla, who held onto the
weapon even after the pacifist ideals of the New Mandalorians replaced the warrior
ways of Mandalore. It is the only black lightsaber to ever exist, it became the symbol of
leadership of the Mandalorian people, whose ownership was dictated by victory in
combat.
40,089 + STRx2.5 Damage
You gained the following perks from Legendary Gacha Token:

[Conqueror]
Grants a 20% probability of permanently turning defeated foes into servants
[Gamer's Reset]
Allows you to self-resurrect and retain full stats/level, perks, skills, and inventory if you
have at least one surviving loyal ally.
You gained the following skill from Legendary Gacha Token:
[Sheer Cold LVL. 1/10]
An AoE move from Pokémon. If Sheer Cold hits, it will inflict damage equal to the
target's current HP, meaning they will be defeated instantly. However, the chances of
the move hitting the target are 30%, based on the opponent's level. In other words, the
accuracy starts at 30% when the Pokémon have the same level, and is 1% more likely to
hit for every level the user is higher than the target. If the user is at least 70 levels
higher than the target, Sheer Cold will always hit. If the user is a lower level than the
target, the move always fails.
Cost 5600 MP to activate
The perks were pretty interesting, they all scream "domination".
[Sheer Cold] took me by surprise. I remembered this more from Pokémon Emerald, and how
much I got bodied every time that move was used to defeat my ace Pokémon. It's what made
me start to consider type advantages as well as their stats and enhance them using items I
collected in the game.
[Captain America's Proto Adamantium Shield] and the [Darksaber] are pretty great
additions to my ever growing treasury, but nothing compares to the [Omnificence Crystal].
An object that can grant infinite wishes without limit!? Who wouldn't want to have such a
thing!?
[I suggest you keep this particular item a secret. If anyone found out about it, they will
stop NOTHING to get it]
"No shit, I'm still surprised such a thing even exists." I admit. "I'm well-versed in Dragon ball
lore due to being a big fan, but I never even heard of it. But you're right, keeping it a secret is
the logical step. Not like I really abuse this stuff excessively for personal gain anyways,
otherwise I probably would end up using the Chaos Emeralds or even the recently acquired
and fully-restored Worldstone to essentially one-shot all my opponents."
[That's because unlike the power-hungry bastards, you actually enjoy the challenge]
"If I didn't, I would grow too dependent on them like Aldoron, and we both saw how that
turned out." I replied. "Plus, having them taken would leave me woefully underprepared if
my natural capabilities stopped being developed due to dependency on these items. And that's

not even the overwhelming number of cases in various franchises that go all out to illustrate
the value and responsibilities of power and the consequences for misusing or being ignorant
of the long-term effects of it. Do I even need to cite Peter Parker's famous personal code?"
[And I imagine you would probably get a little bored after a while if things got too easy.
Not an easy thing for the Gamer to get bored since their lives are anything BUT
ordinary]
"You got that right. These past months have been unordinary, heck, my past life feels like a
distant memory right now. I can't even see myself living like that anymore." I muse before
standing up. "I guess it's as good a time as any to check on Selene. Hopefully she has some
answers about my mystery man."
I snap my fingers and open a tear before disappearing inside.
When I step out on the other side all I see is a burning landscape, a large crater where Black
Moon Mountain should be and the Moon shattered to pieces.
On the ground all I see are charred corpses that were completely unrecognizable.
[Gamer's Mind] quickly works to keep my shock suppressed.
"What happened here…?" I activate my [Mana Sense] in order to find any signs of life.
"Tch, the Spiria is interfering with my senses." Until, I finally was to lock onto something.
"There!" I use [Sonido] to quickly arrive at the energy source.
I stand at the edge of a crater, and at the center of it is the mangled body of one of the
Moonlit Divinities.
"Mimi." I called out.
At that moment, Mimi's single remaining eye snaps open.
"MIMI IS IMMOVABLE!" She screams at the heavens before vomiting large quantities of
blood. "Dammit…"
"Idiot." I mutter as I slide down towards her.
Mimi slowly turns her bloodied head to look. "What… are you doing here…?"
"Nice to see you, too." I kneel beside her. "What happened here?"
"It… came out of nowhere." Mimi struggles to say. "It first destroyed the moon… then
started destroying everything…" She coughs more blood as tears roll off her face. "We
fought, but… it wasn't enough… Yoko and Hakune died… I… wasn't strong enough…"
"Just stop talking right now. I'm going to heal-" But I stop as her ruined arm grabs mine.
"Run… get out of here… don't end… like Selene…" Mimi warned.

My eyes widened at what she said. "What happened to Selene? Tell me!"
However, before she can answer, Mimi's eye widens and she suddenly throws me out of the
crater.
I manage to stop my free falling and turn back to Mimi. "Hey, what the hell is wrong-!" But I
stop as I see a blue sphere of energy collide with the crater and explode, leaving nothing
behind.
"Hmph, I guess I missed one after all. Really, the humans of this universe are very annoying."
An arrogant yet refined voice remarks.
I slowly turn to the source of the voice and can't help but be surprised. "You!?"
Floating high above the ground is a humanoid creature with insectoid-like traits. He sports a
light green exoskeleton with green spots with the upper torso sporting black sections on the
chest and shoulders
As well as two black wings adoring his back like a cape. He has shoe-like feet and upwardpointing horns with the black ball-like section where his head is. His face is undeniably
handsome, with a perfect jaw and nose and his eyes an infernal pink.
Slinged on his right arm is none other than Selene herself, battered and bloodied, her outfit
completely shredded with only a few bits of cloth covering her chastity as well as her right
leg being nothing but a bloody stump.
"I suppose this is the part where I introduce myself." The humanoid said with an eager smile.
"My name is Perfect Cell. And I would like to say… Hello."
Author Notes
And the chapter closes on a cliffhanger. I just love cliffhangers, and I know that you all hate
them with a passion.
Bet the love confession was a surprise, huh?
What a roller coaster writing this chapter was! I bet none of you were expecting a twist like
that!
And I will keep this up until I finish Fairy Tail. What? We still have a while before the main
character jumps to another universe, and if you guys don't like it then you don't have to read
it.
So yeah, that's all I have to say. Leave a comment and stay tuned for the next update.
Peace~

Chapter 23: Fairy Tail: Clash of Power
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime.
I was shocked. Purely and utterly shocked by who was standing before me. Someone I didn't
expect to find so far away from his native universe.
Name: Cell
Title: Perfect Lifeform, Mass Murderer, Architect of Chaos, Gero's Pet Lizard
Level: 420
Affiliation: Red Ribbon Army
HP: 1,888,909
MP: 0
SP: 911,434
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interested
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 71/100]
"What's the matter, boy? You look like you've seen a ghost." Cell said.
God, even his voice is exactly as I remember.

"How is this possible? How are you in this universe, or even alive for that matter?!" I said
while trying to process the shock. "You're supposed to be dead. Gohan killed you!"
Cell's eyes widen slightly before he chuckles. "So you do know me after all. It seems my
benefactor was right about you. You truly are more than meets the eye."
"Yeah, I know who you are. You're Cell, the Biological Android created by Dr. Gero in a last
ditch effort to kill Son Goku once and for all." I said.
Cell laughed. "Interesting! Go on, tell me more!"
"You were created using the DNA of the most powerful fighters ever to step on the face of
the Earth, mainly Piccolo, Frieza, King Cold, Vegeta, and Goku himself." I glance at Selene's
limp body before looking back at Cell. "I also know that you traveled back in time in order to
absorb Androids 17 and 18 to become 'Perfect' before you decided to hold a tournament that
will decide the fate of the planet before going on a destructive spree across your Universe."
"My, you ARE well-informed." Cell mocked. "I would give you an applause if one of my
hands wasn't currently occupied." He holds up Selene's body and begins to shake it like a
baby rattle.
I narrow my eyes as [Gamer's Mind] suppresses my anger. "You still haven't answered my
question."
"You may want to clarify. You asked A LOT of questions." Cell said.
"How are you still alive? You should have been eviscerated by Gohan's kamehameha." I said.
"So we're skipping to the middle, huh? And I already had an entire speech ready for you."
Cell said. "But to answer your question, you can thank my new friend for my narrow escape
from death."
Flashback
As the two kamehameha beams collide into a giant energy bubble, Cell's attack begins to
swallow up Gohan's.
"I had the power. I had them all in the palm of my hands. I should have won." Cell said.
However, Cell is suddenly blasted from behind and he looks up to see an exhausted Vegeta.
In that instant, Gohan pours more energy into his attack and completely swallows Cell's.
"Vegeta's attack may have been pathetic, but it was enough to give the brat the edge he
needed to win." Cell states.
Cell begins to be engulfed by the attack, his body writhing in pain as he starts to get torn
apart at a cellular level.
Until… it just stops.

"!?" Cell blinks and finds himself still inside the blast, but frozen. He then looks to see a man
with silver hair and glasses walks up to him.
"Like you said, I should have died back then and there. But it seemed fate had other plans."
"Perfect Cell, I reckon. I have a proposition for you." He shows him a gray gem.
Cell's eyes widen as he hears his proposition and his smile's all teeth.
Time returns to normal and the energy bubble explodes, creating a large cloud of dust that
nearly blows everyone away.
The Z Fighters cover their eyes from the intense sandstorm as they try to keep themselves
from being blown away. But when it stops and they finally look up, their faces turn white as
if the blood was drained from them.
For they see a smiling Cell, alive and well, impaling Gohan through the chest with his arm.
"In exchange for helping him, he would grant me power that I could only dream of. The
power of a god."
Cell removes his arm from Gohan's body and turns to his new victims, all of them with fear
plastered on their faces.
And the massacre began.
Vegeta was first. The prince tries to fight but Cell grabs his face and rips his WHOLE HEAD
OFF!
Piccolo retaliates, but Cell simply plunges two of his fingers through his skull and fires an
energy blast.
The explosion pops the Namekian's head like a balloon, blood and brain matter are scattered
everywhere.
Yamcha and Tien try to blast him but he simply swats the attacks aside before firing one of
his own, instantly turning them into dust.
Krillin was the last and Cell smiled as he slowly made his approach, he had something
special in mind for the little monk.
"With his rock, he restored me. Not only that, but the near death experience had once again
increased my power. Goku's friends stood no chance against me, and I made sure their ends
were brutal."
Before Krillin could run away, Cell suddenly threw 2 Destructo discs at him, which instantly
severed both of his arms and dropped 18.
Krillin screamed as blood gushed out like an open faucet, but before it could continue, Cell
grabbed Krillin by his neck and used his newfound strength to throw Krillin into the sky at

lightspeed, with a direct trajectory to the sun.
"Glad to see you satisfied with getting your revenge." The man who revived Cell said as he
approached the Bio-Android, carrying the unconscious female android over his shoulder. "I
understand the feeling, as there are those I wish to get my revenge on as well." He opens a
portal behind him. "Now let's go, we have work to do."
Flashback ends
"Since then, we have been traveling the multiverse, gathering powerful pawns for our cause."
Cell said.
I was petrified. I didn't think that they were this far along.
And if Cell was being truthful, they likely have an army and an extremely powerful one at
that.
[We have miscalculated]
"What's your end goal here? What do you need the Moon Dragon God for?" I asked.
Cell wiggles his finger. "Now, now, I already answered your question. Asking for more is just
plain rude."
[Is he always this annoying?]
'He's usually more full of himself.' I said. "I will say this once: hand her over to me, now."
"Alright, if you insist." Cell grabs Selene's right arm and rips it off without effort.
"Here you go." Cell throws her arm and it lands on the ground in front of me, causing my
anger to skyrocket.
"YOU BASTARD!" I fly in and punch Cell's face, only to be shocked by the fact it did
nothing. "What!?"
Cell gives me a bored stare. "Really? You call that a punch?" He proceeds to send a barrage
of punches before kicking me in the stomach, sending crashing straight to the ground.
-745,778 Damage (50%)
1,197,957/1,570,846 AP
1,054,385/1,054,385 HP
I let out a cough as I slowly stood up. "Even with [Gamer's Body] in effect, I still felt that."
[It seems his Zenkai boost wasn't a bluff]
"Yeah, but so is mine." I transform into a [Super Saiyan] before ascending into a [Super
Saiyan 2] and charge at Cell with newfound [Determination].

"Oh! I didn't know you could go [Super Saiyan]. What a lovely surprise! Especially the
color, I didn't know Saiyans could turn green!" Cell says with slight excitement.
I throw an extreme barrage of punches at the bio-android, but he dodges them with ease. I
throw a kick but the bastard catches my leg and throws me aside with incredible force, but I
manage to stop the momentum and rush at him only to simply move away.
"My, my, it seems you have no experience in handling that power." Cell mused.
"Shut up." I growled.
[Calm down! It wouldn't do us any good if you give in like this!]
I close my eyes and take a deep breath as [Gamer's Mind] suppresses my anger.
Cell gave me a confused look as he sensed my energy. 'Strange. One moment his energy was
like a raging flame, and now it's like staring at still water.'
I open them up and stare at Cell with an empty look devoid of emotions.
"Oh ho! Now, THAT'S the look of a killer if I've ever seen one! This might just be interesting
after all!" Cell then glances down at his captive. "Though I probably won't be able to fully
enjoy myself while carrying all of this deadweight around."
He opens a portal behind him and throws Selene into it.
"Where is she?" I demanded.
"Not to worry, she is in good hands. I assure you." Cell says as the portal closes.
"..." The emerald green aura around him begins to intensify.
"Now we can enjoy ourselves to our heart's content!" Cell takes a familiar fighting stance and
sports a confident grin. "This should be entertaining."
Emergency!
Quest: Cancerous Cells!
Defeat Cell and find more about his benefactor
Objective: Defeat Cell
Rewards: 334,588 EXP, 300,121 Credits, Legendary Gacha
I charge forward with a punch and Cell quickly counters with a punch of his own, letting the
two fists collide in a powerful shockwave that blows the surrounding rocks away.
"Urgh…!" I almost found myself nearly blown away by the collision. 'He's strong, but I can't
let that stop me!'

I grab Cell's arm and proceed to throw him upwards. I then conjure two black orbs and throw
them at the bio android.
Cell quicks the two attacks away before diving straight for me. He throws an onslaught of
kicks and punches but they are all blocked by my [Aura].
-745,778 Damage (50%)
825,068/1,570,846 AP
1,054,385/1,054,385 HP
-745,778 Damage (50%)
452,179/1,570,846 AP
1,054,385/1,054,385 HP
"Dammit!" I activate my [Silver Rinne-Sharingan] and use the [Deva Path] to push Cell
away.
I deactivate [Super Saiyan 2] and watch Cell fly back to me.
"What's the matter? Can't face me without your precious shield? How droll." Cell jabbed.
"Well that's obvious. Unlike you, I don't know any martial arts, so I need an insurance
policy." I said. 'Having my [Aura] up while in super is very exhausting. I need to think of a
better alternative.'
Cell glares at me. "Pathetic, a true Saiyan would never rely on such feeble tricks. Where's
your pride, hm?"
"Fortunately, I do not have any pride. But what about it? Will my name be disgraced?" A sly
grin forms on my face. "Besides, someone like you who throws away his own rules for a
quick win shouldn't lecture me about pride."
Cell chuckles. "You got guts kid, talking to me like that. You're probably the only Saiyan I
know who's not so narrow minded about their pride."
"I never said I was one to begin with. You just assumed I was." I point out.
"You crack me up!" Cell's laughter echoes the area, not even paying attention to the glare I'm
giving him.
'Cell is much stronger than I anticipated. His attacks pack more power than I thought
possible. Is this because of his Zenkai or the Chaos Emerald?' I thought.
[It may be a result of both. Remember how Cell managed to come back to Earth? His
cells absorbed Goku's residual energy after he died, granting Cell access to his Instant
Transmission. It may be that his cells also absorbed some residual Chaos Energy]

'Wait, I also have absorbed [Chaos Energy]. Do you think that can work?' I asked.
[Not alone. Whatever benefactor Cell has kept their word. I'm getting some abnormal
readings from him and it looks like he's holding back a lot. His Chaos Energy is
meshing well with his own energy, to the point that I can't separate them]
'Meshing the two together…' I pondered before I got an idea. "That's it!"
"Hm?" Cell gives me a questionable look. "What is it? Are you finally realizing just how
outclassed you are?"
"No, I just remembered something a mutual friend of ours did." I told him with a determined
look. 'If Goku can manage to pull it off, then so can I.'
Cell senses the change in energy. "What are you-"
"HAAAAA!" I activate [Chaos Mode] and [Super Saiyan 2] at the same time, creating a
fusion of auras: dark amethyst on the outside while emerald green on the inside.
"!?" Even Cell is shocked by the absurd influx of energy coming from him.
"You aren't the only one who was exposed to the power of the emeralds, Cell." I said. "The
unhinged nature of [Super Saiyan 2] mixed with the unchecked power of [Chaos
Energy] and you got yourself a ticking time bomb waiting to go off at any moment."
[You're insane, you know that? Just one misstep and you could destroy us all]
"Let's do this!" I vanish from sight, catching Cell off guard.
"What the!?" Cell exclaims before quickly turning around and blocking the incoming kick,
pushing him far across the landscape.
Cell stops himself and grits his teeth as he sends me a hateful glare.
"You little brat! I'll show you what happens when you underestimate me!" Cell declares.
The two combatants launch at each other at lightspeeds.
Cell sends a punch but his opponent vanishes before it can connect. He looks around before
suddenly getting kicked in the face and sent flying across the landscape.
"Ha!" I hold out my hand and activate the [Deva Path] to make the android plummet to the
ground like a meteor.
Cell quickly gets up. "There it is again, that sudden burst of gravity pushing me back. But
where is it coming from!?" But before he can inquire further, the strange Saiyan appears in
front of him. "!?"
"Muda!" I punch Cell in the stomach.

"Guh!?" Cell doubles forward as he suddenly vomits large quantities of blood.
I go in for another punch but Cell disappears. I quickly sensed him from behind and quickly
dodge his arm attack, which caused the ground in front of him to split apart from the air
current.
I fly forward and Cell tries to intercept by firing a ki blast at me. However, I use my
Stand's [Time Skip] ability to faze through the blast, surprising the bio-android long enough
to deliver an upcut that sends him flying straight to the sky.
I hold up my hands and my purple aura begins to converge at the center, creating a dark
purple ball of [Chaos Energy].
"[Chaos Torrent]!" I aim and fire the blast at near light speeds.
Cell only has time to look as the blast soon collides and detonates, unleashing a massive
explosion.
I take a knee as the transformation fades. "That… was something else."
[No kidding. Good thing you're stamina can auto-regenerate]
However, a swift whirlwind blows the smoke away revealing Cell with a couple of scrapes
and one of his legs missing.
He quickly grows the leg back and glares down at me, eye slowly twitching with growing
annoyance.
"I will give you some credit for that attack, boy. But don't think that little power-up of yours
will save you." Cell warned with evident frustration.
I stand up and give Cell a confident smirk.
"Trust me, Cell, I still got a few more surprises up my sleeve." I said.
"No, boy." Cell's confident smile returns as electricity begins to travel across his
body. "You're in for a surprise."
Suddenly, the entire world begins to quake violently. Large cracks appear everywhere, oceans
evaporate in an instant, mountains collapse in on themselves, and lighting rains down from
the heavens
Cell grits his teeth as he concentrates, pushing himself as a platinum aura begins to surround
him.
Wait, Platinum?
"HAAAAAAAAAAA!" Cell's aura explodes, drowning the entire world in a bright white
light.

"!?" Irene's eyes snap open and quickly rises right out of her bed.
"What was that!?" Irene exclaims. "This pressure… it's like nothing I've ever felt before!"
Suddenly the door opens and Cana, Mira, and Ur walk into her room.
"Irene-san, did you feel that!?" Mira frantically asks.
Irene slowly nods.
"Seriously, you too!?" Cana said.
"Yes… it seems we've all felt it." Irene said.
"But… What is it?" Ur slowly asks.
Irene looks down scared. "I… don't know."
I cover my eyes as the light nearly blinds me. When it fades, I slowly lower my arms only to
be greeted by Cell's new appearance.
He is taller, easily two inches taller than me. In place of green with green spots, his
exoskeleton is now like liquid moonlight mixed with the purest metallic platinum. His overall
body structure appears to become younger and thinner in frame and build much like when
Goku turned into a Super Saiyan God and his eyes are a shining silver like my own.
"What do you think? You are the first I showed this transformation to." Cell then takes the
Frieza pose. "I called this form [Platinum Cell]. A combination of Frieza's Gold
form, [Super Saiyan God], and [Chaos Energy].
My eyes widened in shock. "What did you say!?"
"During my travels in the multiverse, I was able to observe multiple timelines, one of which
was very interesting." Cell began. "Even after my counterpart's death in that timeline, Goku
and Vegeta did not stop at simply 'Super Saiyan'. No, they all kept going and going. Striving
for power beyond anything. Eventually overcoming the [Super Saiyan] wall and obtaining
transformations that even rivaled the gods. And that's when I realized that I had limitless
potential beyond perfection." His widening smile threatens to split his face. "Beyond the
GODS!"
[Oh no]
"With this power, I am now the [Absolute]! The Ultimate Lifeform! Nothing in this universe
or beyond can stop me now!" Cell declares, exerting more powerful pressure that crushes
everything around him.
Even I found it hard to stand straight before this overwhelming pressure.
[This isn't good, Cell has released his full power. I can't even put his stats into numbers]

'Yeah and the ego boost doesn't help much either. And just when I thought he couldn't get
anymore arrogant and narcissistic, he proves me wrong. Though it's not like it isn't
justified.' I remark before smiling. 'Oh well, fighting impossible opponents just makes this a
little exciting.'
"That's some awesome power you got there, Cell, but calling yourself an 'absolute' when
you're about to get beaten is pretty dumb if you ask me." I mockingly comment.
Cell laughs. "You still look down on me even when I'm at full power. Tell me, is it
confidence?" His expression then shifts to annoyance. "Or are you just a total idiot?"
"Who knows? But one thing is certain," I activate my fused transformation and smirk. "You
won't be leaving this place alive."
"Then go ahead, flip that coin." Cell smiles and vanishes.
*PING!*
"!" I jump upwards just as the spot I was in is leveled, turning into a massive crater.
*PING!*
I block an attack but the strength behind it is enough to send me flying before a flying kick
sends spiraling back to the ground.
-3,285,778 Damage (50%)
72,042/1,570,846 AP
1,054,385/1,054,385 HP
"Ugh!" My [Aura] fazes in and out as I struggle to stand up.
*PING!*
"!" I look around and find myself surrounded by multiple energy spheres suspended in the air
as they start to spin around. "Shit!"
"[Platinum Grenade]!" Cell screams as he commands the orbs to rain down, leveling
everything in gigantic explosions.
When the smoke cleared, the entire landscape changed, now instead of massive barren plains
it is a web of canyons.
"As I thought, you were just an idiot after all!" Cell laughs maniacally as he marvels at his
handiwork. "This is the extent of my potential! Not even the brilliant Dr. Gero, who created
me, could have ever foreseen this outcome!" He stops laughing but his smile doesn't fade.
"But do not fret, soon the entire multiverse will tremble under my power and if they struggle
I will erase them from my sight!"

"Hahahaha! That's amusing! Who knew you were such a comedian!" A familiar voice
screams out.
Cell's eyes widen as looks up to a barrage of energy blasts rain down upon him, sending
tumbling to the ground.
He stands up and looks around until he looks at the highest peak where he sees a familiar
figure sitting there.
"Im… impossible!" Cell yells in disbelief. "How are you even alive!?"
I just smile.
Flashback
As the spheres rain down, time stops and [Payback Over Requiem] takes me far away from
the attack.
However, just as my Stand takes me away I decide to leave Cell a little present.
Flashback ends
[Payback Over Requiem] appears beside me. "Let's just say I had a helping hand."
Cell glares at me. "Boy…!"
"Thank god I have you by my side." I whisper to [Payback Over Requiem] before looking
back at Cell. "Guess it's time to test out some of my skills."
As I said this, I flew at incredible speeds towards Cell. My arms had turned into diamonds
while coated in Void and Sage power, while POR is mirroring my movements.
"[Infinity Dragon's Quantum Fist]!" I said as I launched a barrage of strikes against the
time-frozen Cell, which were complemented by strikes from POR.
After leaving a devastating number of hits against the frozen Bio-Android, I made sure to
back away before time resumed.
Cell suddenly feels bombarded by devastating blows that are seemingly coming from
nowhere.
"W-What!?" Cell exclaims before his opponent charges in with a black sword in place of his
right arm.
"[Infinite Dragon's Abyss Blade]!" I swing my arm, firing a black crescent arc at Cell,
sending him straight to a nearby wall.
Cell quickly pulls himself out with relatively no damage. "Not bad. You actually had me
concerned for a moment."

*SQUELCH!*
"!?" My eyes widen as Cell reappears and runs me through the chest with his arm.
"But in the end, your power is simply not enough." Cell finished.
*Crack~*
Cell's eyes widen as he watches the boy in front of him turn into wood before breaking down.
"I see, pretty clever of you." Cell glances back as he senses me behind him.
"I'm more surprised it managed to fool you for this long." I remark as Cell finally turns
around.
"Though this is my first time I ever considered using a Wood Clone." I add.
"Well, don't think that the same trick will work twice. Now that I've memorized your unique
energy, it will be child's play to find and kill you." Cell raises his hand and charges a Ki blast.
I raise my hand towards the shackle on my wrist. "You're right." With a loud click, the
shackle falls to the ground. "The same trick won't work twice." I take off another shackles.
"And at my current power, I can't even make a dent in you."
Cell can feel the atmosphere grow more oppressive as he watches the golden shackles snap
off from their wearer.
I take off the final one and it falls, now all four of them are on the ground.
I open my eyes and they are brimming with dark energy. "So it's about time I take things to
the next level!"
Almost instantly, my power and stats began to surge, no longer restrained to a mere 1%. I
could feel the effects of my unrestrained power warping the environment like before, but I
managed to rein it in to a decent extent before focusing on Cell.
Cell looks shocked by the overwhelming energy his opponent is exuding before a smile once
again adorns his face.
"So, you were suppressing your power this whole time?" Cell mocked. "I'll admit, I was
starting to get bored, but now-!"
Cell was cut off as he felt another barrage of powerful punches being felt across his body
before being blown away in the distance, courtesy of my [Infinite Dragon Slayer
Magic] and [Payback Over Requiem], only this time they were FAR stronger than before.
"GUAAAH!" Cell's body hunches forward, his face molded into the perfect representation of
agony.
"Don't even THINK that I'm the same as before." I warned him.

Cell sluggishly steps back as he clutches his stomach in pain. "He… only punched once! And
yet…" He vomits large quantities of purple blood. "Why am I so… so damaged!?"
"It's simple." My smile is full of teeth. "You're weak."
Cell grits his teeth. "Don't you dare… MOCK ME!?" He launches forward and delivers a
barrage of fast punches and kicks.
I block every one of his blows like they're nothing.
"HAAA!" He goes for an ax kick but I lazily grab his leg. "FIGHT ME!"
"...ok." I raise my right leg and deliver a roundhouse kick to his head, breaking his neck and
sending flying across the valley.
I look at my hands as energy ripples in my fingertips.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons, Master Forger, Master of Death, Lord of Terror
Race: Omniversal Chimera
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 519
HP: 105,398,920 (10539892 per minute)
MP: 79,360,590 (7936059 per minute)
SP: 52,813,640 (5281364 per minute)
AP: 157,054,890 (15705489 per minute)
VIT: 2,634,973
STR: 2,646,391
DEX: 2,640,682
END: 2,636,011
INT: 5,230,492
WIS: 5,235,163
MAG: 2,645,353
LUK: 2,634,973

CHA: 2,638,087
Credits: 5,010,375,121
"So… this is my real power." I close my hands and show off a fanged grin. "Cool."
Cell quickly gets up, his healing factor already realigned his neck back into place.
"This can't be… this has to be some sort of joke!" Cell whispers.
My eyes wander over to the distraught android.
Cell has a look of fear as he senses the boy's already absurd power level growing
dramatically with no end. It's sheer presences rapidly overwhelming him.
He takes one step forward, which forces Cell to take a step back.
"!" Cell looks down at said leg, almost feeling betrayed by his own body.
'Did I just back away… from this SAIYAN FILTH!?' A dumbstruck Cell mentally exclaims.
"Don't fuck with me... I refuse to accept this!" Cell snarls.
"What's the matter, android? I thought you were going to kill me. Where did all that
confidence go?" I taunt. "Don't tell me all that boasting was just a show? Really, for someone
who calls himself the [Absolute] you sure are leaving a lot to be desired."
"Watch your mouth, brat. I can twist your skinny neck in a matter of seconds." Cell growls.
"Is that so?" I open my pocket dimension and pull out my [Omni-Sword]. "Then come."
Cell obliges and charges at speeds beyond light.
However, to someone like me, he may as well be moving in slow motion.
"[Sheer Cold]." A powerful blizzard is released from my body causing all of my
surroundings to instantly freeze.
"!" Cell sees his body quickly freezing over. Thinking quickly, he uses his [Death Beam] to
cut his frozen limbs as he quickly takes to the skies to make some distance.
I stare as Cell goes higher and higher.
"That's it!" Cell regenerates his missing limbs. "I'm going to finish this in one attack!" He
cups his hands to his side. "Ka… me…" Ki quickly begins to gather at the center between his
palms.
I watch blankly from below as Cell puts more energy into the technique, letting the orb grow
and grow until it's the size of the moon.

"HA… ME…!" Cell chants, his face covered in sweat and blood as he puts every drop of Ki
he can muster.
"Heh." I smirk as I watch Cell getting more desperate. "This is gonna be fun."
"HAAAAAAA!" Cell fires downwards, unleashing a humongous energy wave that would
destroy everything on contact.
I raise my right arm at the energy wave and I begin to absorb it.
Cell can only watch in horror from the sky as his trump card quickly grows smaller before
disappearing all together.
"He… he absorbed my attack!" Cell exclaims in pure horror.
"HAAAAAA!" I begin to exert an enormous shockwave that causes the canyon to collapse
around me.
"!" Cell whimpers as he recognizes the energy signature. "This is… God Ki!"
"Correct." Cell turns only for something to punch square in the face and sends him straight to
the now destroyed canyon.
Cell struggles to get up his power almost completely spent in that last attack. He looks up and
sees me walking towards him and notices a pair of obsidian horns growing out of my head.
"Now, we're on an even playing field, Cell. Or at least, that's what I would say if you hadn't
thrown away all your energy like that." I stare as my hands crackle with power.
New Trait acquired!
[God Ki]
A unique type of Ki used by divine beings such as the Gods of Destruction and their
Angels. It is an exceptionally pure quality of ki used only by divine beings and as such
can't be sensed by mortals though it can still be felt as overwhelming pressure when in
the presence of one who is exuding excessive amounts of god ki. God ki takes on a
variety of shades and appearances, but they all share one unifying trait: auras made of
god ki seem to have a tranquil, flame-like appearance, which is starkly different to the
erratic and almost violent auras of typical mortals.
"I must admit, this God Ki is very impressive. Who knew all I had to do to get it was to make
you desperate enough to use your kamehameha so that I can absorb it all. Really Cell, you
can make it so easy sometimes."
Cell's eyes widened in morbid horror. 'All this time… all this time he wanted me to unleash
my full power so he could absorb it. And I fell for it like a happy-punching buffoon!'
"But don't worry, I won't kill you quickly. First, I'll have some fun with you. Think of it
as payback for landing your hands on MY woman."

POR punches the ground and in an instant, massive tree roots rise from the ground and go
after Cell.
Cell tries to fly away but the roots are too fast and quickly capture him.
"I won't… be defeated!" Cell exclaims as he begins to release what little power he has to
destroy his bindings.
"So determined, but I wonder how long it will last." I charge and swing my sword.
'A sword? I may be weakened, but my body can't be harmed by such a simple sword.' Cell
thought arrogantly as he raises his arm to block the blade, only to be shocked and horrified as
the blade breaks through the exoskeleton and slices the arm cleanly off.
"WHAT!?" Cell screams in horror. "How can a primitive weapon cut through my arm like
this!?"
The two land on the ground as Cell clutches the stump that was his arm.
I look down at Cell's fallen limb and smirk.
Cell stares at the stump, waiting for something to happen but it doesn't. "It's not
regenerating… WHY IS IT NOT REGENERATING!? WHAT DID YOU DO!?"
"Who knows. Here." I pick up the arm and throw it at him. "You look like you need a hand."
Cell's eye twitches as a forced smile appears on his face. "Bastard! I'll kill you!"
"[Perfect Unknowable]." I disappear before Cell's eyes.
"WHAT!? WHERE DID HE GO!?" Cells look around frantically. "I can't sense his energy,
but he must be close! If I can't sense his energy, then I'll use my other senses…"
Cell looks around, analyzing every crevice for any sign of disturbance.
"There!" Cell turns right and fires a blast, only to find nothing.
"Behind you." I appear behind Cell.
"!?" Cell moves away from being cleaved in two, however he wasn't fast enough and his tail
was the victim instead.
"GAH!" Cell screams in pain as another part of his body is severed. He turned in the
direction that the attack came from and charged a powerful [Death Beam], causing a massive
explosion, but when the smoke cleared, Cell was baffled not to see me.
"YOU WRETCHED BRAT! COME AND FIGHT ME LIKE A REAL WARRIOR, YOU
COWARD!" Cell roars before firing a volley of Ki blasts around him, causing a cascading
series of explosions everywhere in the hopes of hitting me.

"You insolent bug, I'll make you suffer for-!" Cell yells before I launch another attack behind
him, which he tried to dodge but was unable to prevent one of his legs from being cut off.
Cell falls on the ground, no longer to maintain his balance with only one leg.
"Damn you!" Cell yells as he levitates off the ground.
He desperately looks everywhere, feeling increasingly vulnerable and even a little afraid as
the situation continues.
"This is impossible! I am the [Absolute]! I cannot be defeated by some disappearing act!"
Cell cries in a desperate tone, though he came off as more trying to convince himself than
me.
I launch another attack from behind him, which Cell tries to block by launching a small Ki
blast at close range, but I manage to cut through his attack and subsequently sever his
remaining arm.
"Ghrr!" Cell hisses in pain as he falls to the ground.
"And that's checkmate." I deactivate the skill and appear before him.
Skill Level Up(x4)!
[Movement mastery LVL. 80/100]
[Infinity Dragon Slayer LVL. 4/10]
[Sheer Cold LVL. 2/10]
[Perfect Unknowable LVL. 4/10]
"M… monster!" Cell whimpers in fear as this THING towers over him as it suffocates him
with overwhelming dread.
"Yes. And now you will answer my questions." I said.
I reach out and grab Cell's head before activating the [Human Path] and begin to pull on his
soul.
"Wait, what are you-!" Cell yells before his voice cuts off, his body slouching against the
ground as I pull his soul out of his body.
Upon doing so, a rush of knowledge floods my mind. While his knowledge on Dragon Ball
techniques were particularly useful, that's wasn't what I'm after and so I dig deeper.
Upon finding it, I open my eyes with a burning rage as my power explodes, eviscerating my
surroundings.
"Rustyrose! You are so fucking dead when I see you!" I roar.

I saw everything Cell saw. Rustyrose's travels, the kidnappings, his plans. They all make me
sick!
[Honestly I was expecting someone like Brain or maybe Future Rogue, but Rustyrose?
That I didn't see coming]
[Gamer's Mind] kicks in as I glare down at the braindead android.
"Amaterasu." Black flames burst from nowhere and quickly consumed Cell, instantly
turning him into ashes.
Suddenly, a window popped up in front of me with a message.
Due to absorbing Cell's knowledge, you have gained the following:
[Ki Manipulation LVL. 10/10]
The power to manipulate the flow of latent energy that is present in the physical body.
The user can create, shape, and manipulate ki, a life-force energy that exists in all
beings. By learning to harness this inner latent energy, they can gain superhuman
capabilities and use them in cases of extreme combat. The control of one's ki can allow
for extraordinary abilities, strength, speed, stamina, durability, and reflexes, or in some
cases enabling the use of energy blasts, elemental manipulation, hyper-awareness, and
sometimes invulnerability. Alternatively, one can produce ki by channeling energy
through their physical body from the surrounding environment, the natural power of
the planet/cosmos, and/or from one's very breath.
Cost 3,000 ~ 50,000 SP
[Ki Sense LVL. 10/10]
The ability to sense the location, life force, and power level of anyone, the stronger and
closer the target, the more powerful the sensation. The distance from which an
individual's ki can be sensed depends on the strength of the ki and the skill of the user,
particularly powerful ki that can be sensed even if the point of origin is in a whole other
dimension. The only exceptions to this are synthetic beings who have an artificial source
of ki and cannot be found and beings whose energy signature is composed of multiple
beings.
[God Ki Sense LVL. 10/10]
This allows the user to sense the ki of Divine Beings since mortals cannot detect God Ki
without outside help. In order to sense God Ki they must be able to have God Ki of their
own, acquiring it through intense training with a God or a transformation that uses said
life force.
[Ki Block LVL. 10/10]
Allows the user to hide or block their Ki signature, making them effectively invisible to
their senses.

[Martial Arts Mastery LVL. 100/100]
The user is a master of all martial arts. Users can flawlessly perform any and every type
of martial art there is and/or was with great ease. The user perceives and understands
martial arts like no other. And they have complete and perfect mastery over every
martial art and school of martial arts. Users have an intuitive mastery of all the
associated martial skills and techniques granting them major leverage in any martial
situation. Users can perfectly and without a single flaw or mistake fight any and every
type of martial art there is and ever was.
[Instant Transmission LVL. 10/10]
A technique for traveling long distances instantly. Placing your index and middle
fingers on their forehead helps to concentrate. It allows the user and anyone that is in
physical contact with them to instantly travel great distances (from meters to lightyears, between the living world and Other World, or even travel outside time itself) just
by concentrating on a particular individual's ki signature and transmitting or feeling
that being's location. The user can materialize anywhere within a short range of their
target.
You have defeated Perfect Cell! You have gained 9,700,424 EXP! You have earned
7,301,269 Credits!
Level Up(x110)!
Quest Complete!
Quest: Cancerous Cells
Objective (Complete): Defeat Cell
Rewards: 334,588 EXP, 300,121 Credits, Legendary Gacha
Level Up(x4)!
Legendary Gacha(x4)!
I summon my shackles and put them back on. The effects are instantaneous as the horns
quickly retract and my power is sealed once more.
"Much better." I sigh in relief.
Alert!
[Conqueror] has been activated.
"What?" A bright light shines, forcing me to cover my eyes.
When it ends, I lower my arm and find Perfect Cell alive right in front of me.

"Where am I? Who are-you're a Saiyan." Cell immediately recognizes and smiles. "Well, this
should be entertaining." He tries to move but finds that he can't. "What is the meaning of
this!? Why can't I move!?"
[Servants aren't allowed to harm their masters unless they are given permission to]
I opened Cell's stat sheet.
Name: Cell (Perfect)
Title: Perfect Lifeform, Mass Murderer, Architect of Chaos, Gero's Pet Lizard, Servant
Level: 420
Affiliation: Red Ribbon Army (former)
HP: 888,909
MP: 0
SP: 911,434
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Confused
Current Status: Slave (Permanent)
'He really is my servant!' I mentally exclaim. 'So this is how [Conqueror] works.'
"Who are you!? Just what did you do to me?!" Cell demands, angry yet concerned that his
body wouldn't react the way he wanted it to.
'He really doesn't remember me. No problem, I can definitely work around this.' I thought.
"First off, cut it with the attitude Cell. It's not helping your case." I said while rolling my
eyes. "I know you have an overinflated ego and narcissistic tendencies that at least partially
stem from the DNA of Frieza and to a lesser extent Vegeta, but contrary to what you may
think, you are neither truly perfect nor invincible, as there is always room for improvement.
And as for who I am, my name is Asmodeus and I'm the guy who just kicked your ass and is
apparently your new master."
"My master?! I serve no one! And you think you could defeat me?! Don't be ridiculous!" Cell
scoffed.
I rolled my eyes at his response. Despite being evil, Cell was honestly one of my favorite
characters from Dragon Ball due to having a more complex storyline than most previous
villains and all of his implied potential from his multiple genetic templates, especially given
how much Goku, Vegeta, Frieza, and Piccolo grew later on, with most of said growth being
rooted in their genetics to varying degrees and brought out via training. It was a little

disappointing that he never came back to life during Dragon Ball Super when compared to
Frieza and even got replaced by that knock-off Cell Max (they didn't even give him a perfect
form, which was a huge miss in my eyes).
"Whether you believe me or not is irrelevant, but the reality of your situation speaks for
itself." I said. "I possess a passive ability that has a small chance of turning fallen enemies
into my servants, and you are my first." I give him a cocky smirk. "And the best part is, your
status can't be broken or reversed. It's permanent, so you better get used to it."
"Never!" Cell yells, trying to move but still finding he cannot. "Damn it! Damn you!"
"Hey, you brought this on yourself. If you had done what I asked from the beginning then
none of this would have happened." I said. "Now before we do anything else, I will make
sure to take precautions."
Cell tries to move, but can't help but stare at my glowing silver eyes.
"Cell, from this moment forward, I hereby forbid you from killing, crippling, torturing,
or harming innocent people. Furthermore, you are especially forbidden from doing so
on anyone I designate as an ally outside of non-lethal and non-crippling sparring
matches, with said spars needing my permission."
Cell struggles as he feels energy entering his brain, overwriting his thoughts and forcing him
to comply.
"Yes… master." Cell reluctantly complies.
[His willpower is admirable, but that means nothing against the power of a Conqueror]
"Good." I turn to look at the devastated world before me. "I can't leave this world like this." I
switch out my [Omni-Sword] and pull out both green and purple Chaos Emeralds.
Cell's eyes widened at the sight of the two gems. "So there are more after all."
I raise the gems as high as my arms can go and they shine. "[Chaos Control]!"
The emeralds' light grows brighter and, in an instant, the entire plane is back to normal.
People slowly begin to rise, confused by what just happened.
Mimi stands up straight and starts looking around.
"What happened? Last thing I remember was getting blasted." She then begins to sniff
around. "This scent…!" She leaps away in pursuit.
Hakuna and Yoko help each other up before a massive shadow eclipses them both.
"Oh shi-" Yoko is suddenly pulled up and the two are trapped in a bear hug.
"YOU'RE ALIVE! YOU'RE ALIVE! YOU'RE ALIVE!" Mimi screams, crying tears of joy.

"Mimi, please let us go!" Hakuna breathed out.
"We can't breathe!" Yoko begged.
Mimi complies and puts the girls down.
"I'm sorry, I'm just so happy that you're back and that Black Moon Mountain has been
restored!" Mimi exclaimed, before noticing her mistress was nowhere to be seen. "But wait,
where is Selene-sama?"
"Kidnapped, by the people who killed you all and caused so much destruction here in
Elentear." my voice called out, getting their attention.
"Asmodeus-dono? What are you doing here?" Yoko questioned, before her expression
widened at the sight of Cell. "You!"
The three Moonlight Divinities got into fighting stances at the sight of Cell, but I quickly
moved between them.
"Girls, stop!" I told them.
"Stand aside, Asmodeus-sama. That monster is the one responsible for everything." Hakuna
said, her chilling tone dropping the temperature by a couple of degrees.
"You're going to pay for what you've done, you bug fucker!" Yoko declares, brandishing her
shikigami.
Cell crosses his arms and looks at the trio confused. "And who are you all again?"
This just sets them off further, but before they can jump in, they are stopped by the glare
coming from his unnatural eyes.
"Enough." I order before turning to Cell. "And you. Stop antagonizing them or else I'll kill
you."
"... fine." Cell reluctantly complies.
I turn my attention back to the divinities. "Look I know that you're angry at Cell and frankly I
would be too, but I didn't bring you all back just so that you can die again. Besides, we have
bigger problems to deal with."
"Asmodeus-dono, why is this creature obeying you?" Hakuna asks, a little confused by the
monster's sudden change in demeanor.
"Well, it's not by choice I can tell you that much." Cell grumbles.
"He is my slave." I said. "One of my abilities has the power to resurrect my enemies as my
servants. This is the first time it actually worked."
"So… he won't kill us?" Yoko asks with a hopeful tone.

"Not unless it's an order. Isn't that right?" I asked.
"... yes, master." Cell grumbles.
"Wow, that must be killing you on the inside." Yoko smiles sinisterly. "Good. I hope you
choke on it."
Cell glares at the summoner but says nothing.
"Where is Selene-sama?" Mimi asked.
"Cell opened a portal and threw her in. My guess is she's wherever his boss is." I surmised.
"But what will we do, Asmodeus-dono?" Mimi questioned with worry in her expression.
"This 'Cell' was practically toying with us, we wouldn't stand a chance at rescuing Selenesama!"
"Let me worry about that." I reassured them before my expression became dark. "Those
bastards made one mistake: they took something from me. And I will make sure they pay in
full."
Upon hearing this, the three Moonlight Divinities were satisfied that I would rescue their
mistress.
+58 Affection from Mimi (58/100)
+58 Affection from Hakuna (58/100)
+58 Affection from Yoko (58/100)
"Very well, Asmodeus-sama. We will trust you." Hakuna bows and so do the two girls.
"Good." I nod before looking down on my tattered outfit. "I guess I should get out of this
thing now."
I put the emeralds back in my [Inventory] and pulled out my [UMF Suit]. "Now, to try this
out." In a flash of light, I swap my outfit with the one-piece suit and it quickly turns into
black ash.
The [UMF Suit] quickly begins to shift and change, transforming into an entirely new outfit
consisting of gray dogi, a long-sleeved black undershirt with a turtleneck, a red sash, black
pants and pointy white boots.
"Wow!" flex my limbs as the fabric snuggles comfortably around my skin. "This feels great!
It fits like a glove!"
The three Moonlight Divinities all look confused. How did his outfit do that!?
Cell, meanwhile, looks intrigued. He remembers that outfit being worn by a doppelganger of
Goku. Black, if he recalled correctly. How does he know him?

I turn to the shattered moon and a crazy idea comes to mind.
[It's just one crazy idea after another with you today]
'It's risky I know, but I can't afford to hold back or play it safe anymore.' I thought before
looking at the trio of Spirit Art users. "You three need to take a step back."
"What? Why?" Mimi tilts her head confused.
Cell's eyes widen as he realizes what he's about to do.
I raise my arms and hold them out at the shattered Moon. I grit my teeth as I activate
the [Deva Path] and slowly pull the fragments together.
'Shit! It's like pushing several buildings at once!' I thought as I put more strength into it.
Everyone across the realm watches the cosmic miracle happening in the sky with a mix of
fear and awe.
The Moonlit Divinities watch as their moon is slowly put back together.
"Such magnificent power…" Hakuna whispers, eyes wide open as she watches the scene play
out before her.
"I wonder if he can teach me how to do that." Mimi said, imagining herself moving planets
herself.
"This goes beyond [Spirit Art]. Just what the hell is he!?" Yoko exclaims with fear.
"..." Cell doesn't say anything. 'Just how strong are you?'
After a few minutes, the last piece is set into place and the moon is fully restored.
"There… It's finished." I took a knee as I used up a lot of stamina. "That… was hard."
""Asmodeus-dono/sama!"" The Moonlit Divinities run towards me.
"I SAID STAY BACK!" I yelled causing the trio to stop in their tracks.
"But… why?" Yoko asks, clearly confused.
"Because this… is where the real hard part begins." I turn towards Cell. "Get them as far
away from here as possible."
Cell grabs the three and, before they can protest, teleports them out of the area.
[Are you really going to do this!?]
"Of course I am. You saw what Rusty's doing. Do you really think we can stop that as we are
now?" I said.

[We don't even know if you'll be able to retain your mind under all that primal instinct!
Even with Gamer's Mind, the risk is still too high]
"Then it's a risk worth taking." I said as I turned my eyes towards the full moon.
*BA~BUMP!*
"Ugh!" I feel my heart slowly getting louder as I stare at the moon. "It's… working…!"
*BA~BUMP!*
*BA~BUMP!*
*BA~BUMP!*
*BA~BUMP!*
*BA~BUMP!*
His gi starts to stretch as its wearer's body begins to grow larger. His hands and face become
hairier as his jaw extends forward.
"AAHHHHHH!" He unleashes a tremendous energy wave that destroys everything around
him.
At the same time, on a distant hill, the group of four appear near the edge as they angrily turn
to Cell.
"Hey, what the hell are you doing!?" Yoko demands.
"I was just following orders." Cell told her.
"Well, can you send us back?" Hakuna politely (if though strained) asked.
Cell smiles. "Sure. And then you will be crushed by that." He points to the horizon.
The girls turn to see a giant golden ape slowly appearing over the horizon.
"What the hell is that thing!?" Yoko exclaims.
"That… is my master." Cell reveals, causing girls to look at him in shock. "I mean, why else
would he order me to get you far away? It's so that he doesn't kill you all by simply stepping
on you."
"No… way." Even Mimi is shocked.
"Still, this is fascinating. Who knew you could go [Super Saiyan] while as a Great Ape."
Remarks Cell clearly interested.
"What are you talking about!? What the hell is a [Super Saiyan]!?" Yoko exclaims.

"My dear, it's what he is and what I am. Though I am something much more." Cell ponders
for a moment. "Though why would he go this far? Is there some secret to this state that I
don't know about?"
"▂▂▃▃▅▅ーーー!" The golden ape's roar grabs their attention as they watch him steadily
make his way towards a village past the mountain range.
"We have to stop him before he reaches that village!" Hakuna said.
"Yeah!" Yoko and Mimi nod and the three move out.
"Don't bother. That village is doomed." Cell chimes in, stopping the three in their tracks.
"Silence, monster!" Mimi yells at him.
The bio-android shakes his head. "In his great ape state, he has no sense of self. He has
transformed into a crazed wild animal whose only instinct is to destroy. And now that it's in
its super form, nothing can stop him."
The Moonlit Divinities look back at the golden ape with looks of concern on their faces.
"Asmodeus-dono… there must be something we can do." Mimi mutters.
The Golden Great Ape roars as it marches forward as the camera zooms in on its eyes.
I slowly open my eyes and find myself in a dark abyss. "Where… am I?"
"You're awake." I turn to see a familiar face.
"Ac… nologia?" I muttered.
"In a way. Things have changed since the last time we saw each other. That Seraphin and
Demon you absorbed merged with me along with your Saiyan traits, creating a different
being from the one you know." He explained.
As he says this, I get a good look at him. He still looks the same, except now he has long
black horns coming out of his head along with a single large, black wing protruding from his
right shoulder. I also notice the signature monkey tail coming out of his lower back.
"I have evolved, becoming more than what I was. I also know you seek the primal power that
lies in your Saiyan side. " Acnologia states.
"So then you'll help me?" I ask in a hopeful tone but alI get is a dejected look from the
apparition.
"No. For this endeavor, you only need to look into yourself." Acnologia said.
Just then, the massive head of a dragon bursts out from the dark abyss and stares down at me
with its large silver eyes.

I was speechless at the sheer size of the dragon's head, it was like staring at a mountain.
"Why do you seek power? What do you gain from it?" The dragon asks in a voice similar
to mine but much, much deeper. "From the very beginning, all you have done is gain
power simply because you could. But power without purpose is meaningless."
I take back at the pressure the dragon's presence is exerting. It's more powerful than the
dragon gods, more powerful than Cell.
My instincts constantly scream at me to run, to get away from this monstrosity. This engine
of destruction that can wipe me out by just blinking.
… wait.
'What if THAT'S the point?' I thought in realization.
Acnologia smirks as he watches his host take a defiant step forward.
"... I am not sure if I have an answer. Throughout all of my battles, I never once considered
what to do with this power or why seek it." I reveal but my expression betrays my tone.
"However, just because I have power doesn't mean I don't have a purpose." My smile is full
of teeth. "My purpose is to travel the multiverse and experience everything it throws at me! I
use my power to protect those that need it and destroy those that deserve it!"
"Do you see yourself as a god?"
"I see myself as someone who has suffered, and doesn't want others to suffer like I have." I
respond and turn my gaze directly at the dragon. "I don't know what the future has in store for
me, but I can't be afraid to stare straight at it in the eye! And I am not afraid to do the same
with you!"
The two halves stare at each other intensely in silence for what feels like an eternity.
*Clap*
*Clap*
"Good job." The dragon head vanishes in a black smoke. "You proved yourself worthy of
your own power."
I turn to the amalgamated dragon slayer. "What's going on?"
"That dragon wasn't real. It was a reflection of your heart that I gave form to. I wanted you to
come face to face with the primal force you want to control and, should you be worthy, take it
for yourself." Acnologia revealed.
"What would have happened if I wasn't worthy?" I asked.
"Then I would have killed you, taken over your body and paved a path of death and
destruction across the multiverse." Acnologia replies with a fanged smirk. "Though, I'm very

glad you proved me wrong. Knuckleheaded fools like you are always the most
unpredictable."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence." I groaned.
"You're welcome." Acnologia hummed. "Now, it's time for you to return. You have a lot of
work to do."
As soon as he said that, a bright light encompassed everything, causing everything to
disappear.
The villagers scream and run as the ape monster approaches.
But then… it stops.
The Moonlit Divinities look confused from their lookout at the monster's sudden stop.
"Hey… why did he stop?" Mimi asks what's on everyone's minds.
"..." Cell ponders for a moment before his eyes widen. "It can't be."
The Great Golden Ape roars as it begins to struggle for some reason. Everyone watches with
bated breath as the monster glows and starts to shrink. It continues shrinking until the golden
monster is no longer and something else takes its place.
In its place is a young adult male looking no older than his mid-20s at best whose upper body
is covered in dark red fur except for his pectorals and abdomen. His lower half is covered in
the black pants of his original gi along with the bottom part of the gray vest with a red sash.
His hair has been lengthened while also giving him a wilder look, reaching down to the
middle of his back, while two long pointed bangs of hair appear on both sides of the neck. He
possesses a black shadow trim around their eyes and over the eyelids.
He turns his neck up and opens his eyes, revealing them to be a brilliant silver.
"This is… I never felt anything like it." I look down at my hands and clench them tight. "It
feels like I can do anything."
[That was a close call. For a second there, I thought you were done for]
"Hm?" I turn to the frightened villagers, all cowering in fear at the very sight of me.
I even pick up the strong scent of urine coming from pretty much all of them.
[We should probably head to where the others are]
I levitate off the ground and fly upwards. I pick up their energies and follow them before
finding them standing by the edge of a cliff.

"You kept them safe. Good job Cell." I told him as I landed between the bio android and the
girls.
"Hmph, it was child's play," Cell smugly scoffed. "Though I should warn you that I'm more
of a fighter than a defender."
I roll my eyes. "Everyone has room for growth, Cell, so don't use that as an excuse."
"Hmph." Cell crosses his arms together and scoffs.
[Wow. Who knew Cell could be such a tsundere]
'It's a good thing Cell can't hear you, or else you'd be nothing but a burning patch of grass.' I
thought.
"A-A-Asmodeus-sama?! Is that you?!" Yoko stuttered, her face being tomato red. "You look,
um… well?"
"I don't just look well. I feel completely energized, like I could fight armies for years without
stopping." I remark.
"I… I can't believe what I'm seeing or even hearing for that matter." Hakuna said in a dreamy
tone, shamelessly ogling and even drooling at the sight of me.
[Isn't she supposed to be a lesbian or something?]
I have no idea.
"You look incredible, Asmodeus-sama! So strong, and your voice is powerful yet calming all
at once!" Mimi complimented.
I arch an eyebrow. "My voice? What are you-?" But then stop as I take notice of my new
deeper voice. "Huh. I didn't even notice my voice had changed. Pretty cool."
"I, too, am curious about this form." Cell ponders as he analyzes my new appearance. "I've
never seen or heard of it before."
Throughout his observation of the Super timeline, he has never encountered such a form
before. And while he senses no God ki from this form, he senses a whole new wellspring of
power that is so familiar yet radically different to him.
"That is because this is a transformation that uses the Great Ape form as a base, it allows the
Saiyan to tap into their more primal instincts without falling into madness. Having a tail also
makes the previous three stages less straining and easier to unlock and master." I explained.
"In other words, a Saiyan's ultimate potential is attained with a tail and this is the
result: [Super Saiyan 4]."
'[Super Saiyan 4]... well I'll be damned.' Cell's smile grows wider. 'Maybe staying with the
brat might be worth something.'

Even as I was explaining this to the others, the girls were still ogling me like no tomorrow, to
the point I was curious if they were even actually listening.
[Even with Perks like Devil's Charm and Ultimate Adonis taken into consideration, if
you manage to draw this kind of reaction out of a potential lesbian like Hakuna for your
Super Saiyan 4 form, imagine the reactions of regular girls or girls already in love with
you]
'No kidding. I wouldn't be surprised if Irene or Brandish insisted on becoming permanent
roommates with me if they saw me like this.' I thought.
[…better be prepared. Something tells me your night life is gonna become even more
"active" from now on. Heck, don't be surprised if the girls try to ambush you in the
showers or baths]
'Meh, I don't mind. I was prepared for that the moment I got those harem and sex-related
perks from beating Aldoron. And it's not even a bad thing, anyways.' I thought as my
attention went back to the others.
"S-So what's the plan, A-Asmodeus-sama? H-How will we save Selene-sama?" Yoko
nervously asks.
"You don't." I said, shocking the trio. "You three will stay in Elentear and protect it. I and the
others will save her."
"Others?" Mimi asks.
"My girls and I. They're back in Earthland at my castle." I replied.
"G-Girls!?" Yoko exclaimed.
"You have a castle?" Cell asks.
"More of a palace, but yes." I deactivate SSJ4 and let out a sigh. "Whew, that was a little
intense. That form is really made for combat."
"Saiyans ARE a warrior race, you fool. Of course their forms are made for combat." Cell
harshly states.
"Oh right, hehe." I sheepishly chuckled. "Anyways, we will return to Earthland and warn
everyone about what's coming and prepare them for the upcoming battle."
Now Cell was glaring at me. "Why should I waste my time training a group of weaklings?
Aside from you, no one in that world is of any particular noteworthiness. Their power levels
are beyond abysmal, they're better off serving as cannon fodder for us."
Now it's my turn to glare at Cell.
"Okay seriously, just what is your problem? Do you really intend on making enemies with
everyone you meet?" I told him.

"Hmph, it's their own fault for being so embarrassingly weak. These wizards are nothing but
ants compared to beings like us." Cell bluntly remarks.
"If there's one thing I've learned in my life, it is that dismissive and arrogant egomaniacs are
too quick to underestimate others and it ALWAYS comes back to bite them in the ass, with
you yourself being a prime example. Or need I remind you of your humiliating defeat back
on Earth?" I retorted.
This made Cell angrier, releasing a bit of his God Ki and focused it at me. "You…!"
"You are an egotistical and selfish little shit who loses it the moment things don't go his way.
If there's one thing you inherited from your creator, it's his self-centeredness." I said. "You
never learn from your mistakes and instead opt to bury them by gaining more power, but we
both know that never works and as soon as you realize you'll lose, you reveal to everyone just
how fragile and immature you are."
"!?" Cell winces as the words hurt his ego more than Gohan's punch. "SHUT UP!"
"Hmph. Your reaction just proves my point. You clearly inherited your donors' negative traits,
especially Frieza's giant ego and Vegeta's stupid pride. The moment it's hurt, you become
irrational and basically throw a tantrum just to make yourself look better in comparison to
your enemy." I told him.
Cell grits his teeth as his anger boils over.
"Besides, Fairy Tail has a reputation of defying the odds and coming out on top." I said. "All
in all, Rustyrose NEEDS to be stopped, because while he does have a better understanding
and mastery of his Chaos Emerald than Aldoron did with his, his reckless actions and lust for
power will likely have serious repercussions and even larger ripple effects for the Multiverse
at large."
"And why should I care about the fate of the Multiverse?!" Cell angrily asked, to which I
looked at him as if he was stupid.
"Um, because you LIVE in it!? You are just as much in danger as we are. And the fact that
you HELPED to make this happen means that the consequences will be FAR worse for you.
And I don't mean something like death or humiliation. Trust me." I told him.
Cell tries to argue but I cut him off.
"And if that's not enough reason to convince you, do you need me to remind you that I am
your master now? And as your master, I am ordering you to obey and assist as I deem fit no
matter what, so suck it up and deal with it!"
"Guh!" Cell grit his teeth before grumbling to himself, knowing he didn't have a choice.
I then turn to look at the three Moonlit Divinities.
"We have to go." I hold out my hand and use [Celestial Engineer] to create a crystal orb.

"This Lacrima will allow us to communicate across dimensions." I handed over the Lacrima
to Yoko. "If you face a dangerous opponent threatening Elentear, contact me and I will come
immediately."
"T-Thank you so much, Asmodeus-sama!" Yoko bows, secretly hiding her blushing face.
"We wish you luck in saving Selene-sama." Hakuna says and blows.
"I will protect Elentear with my life!" Mimi swears.
I nod at the trio before placing a hand on Cell's shoulder and another on my forehead before
disappearing in an instant.
"Good luck." "Hakuna said.
We reappeared in the throne room of the [Ruby Palace].
"So, this is your place?" Cell looks around the room. "I don't like it."
I take a seat on my throne. "Now that you're here, let me set some ground rules. As a member
of this budding organization, your job will be to defend this place just like everybody else."
"And what makes you think I will?" Cell rhetorically asks.
[You'd think this moron would learn by now just who's in charge here]
I smirk. "I order you, Perfect Cell, to defend this palace with all your might unless I say
otherwise. You will never abandon or betray any of the denizens who reside here, nor
will you sabotage or aid any enemies in trying to take or destroy it, in case you get any
bright ideas."
"My, don't you trust me?" Cell grumbled.
"You literally tried to kill me and it's ultimately only because of your servant status that you
are even assisting me." I deadpanned. "I'm a lot of things, Cell, but naive and stupid are not
among them. True, I would prefer that you would genuinely reform and become a better and
more trustworthy ally, but I'm not under the illusion that anything drastic will come anytime
soon."
"Tch." Cell clicks his tongue and looks away.
"Now that we got that out of the way." I wave my hand and a window pops up. "Handles, call
everyone to meet in the throne room immediately. This is urgent."
"AFFIRMATIVE." Handles comply and the window closes.
I turn to Cell. "So, ready to meet your new team?"
"Bite me." Cell grumbles.

Sometime later
Everyone is gathered in the throne room as I explain to them in detail the events that have
transpired in Elentear, as well as Cell's background and role in all of it.
"Unbelievable…" Mira gasps.
Lamy looks at Cell with intrigue and curiosity. A living android crafted from the DNA of the
strongest fighters is nothing short of a marvel. She would love nothing more than to strap it
down on a table and thoroughly dissect it.
Cell looks at the rabbit demon and recognizes the look in her eyes.
"Try anything and you're dead." Cell warns the loli.
"Man, and I thought you were strong already." Cana remarks. "Say, any chance you can show
us that [Super Saiyan 4] of yours? I'd like to give it a test drive…" She has a lustful look in
her eyes. "If you catch my drift."
Oh boy.
"Still, this is really concerning." Seilah remarks. "This human may be more cunning than I
expected."
"Are these 'Chaos Emeralds' really that dangerous?" Larcade asks skeptically.
"What part of 'turning thoughts into power' do you not get?" Brandish asked.
Tempester has an unsure look after hearing it all.
Kyôka also shares the sentiment. A rock that gives its bearer unlimited power? How come
they've never heard of such a thing before? And why haven't they tried looking for them?
'Sometimes I wonder if Mard Geer was a fool or simply too absorbed into reviving Master
E.N.D.' She thought.
Meanwhile, Ur was seething in anger. She knew the man thanks to Zancrow's memories, and
now she learns he is the reason behind her daughter's brainwashing.
'The moment I see you, you are so fucking death.' Ur mentally swore.
"Unlike Aldoron, it seems this new enemy has a much better grasp at using the power of
emeralds." Irene said. "Not to mention he possesses [Arc of Embodiment], a Lost Magic
that specializes in turning thoughts into reality."
I nod. "Exactly. That makes Rustyrose more dangerous than ever."
"What are we going to do, Asmodeus-sama?" Torafuzar asks.

"We must stay alert and keep our guard up. Cell's intel only painted a small picture of what
Rustyrose can do. For all we know, he could have an army from across the multiverse." I
stated. "However, we know that Dimaria Yesta of the Spriggan 12 is among the brainwashed
ranks, as are several prominent mages from Fiore who have been similarly brainwashed and
enhanced. There's also the fact he's also targeting Fairy Tail mages and almost tried to kidnap
Erza."
Larcade was surprised at hearing that his former comrade was under Rustyrose's control,
while Mirajane and Cana had dark looks at the thought of them or their female guildmates
being brainwashed and used for his twisted fantasy. Mira specially, since she almost suffered
a similar fact into being turned into a puppet by the Wood Dragon God.
Irene's grip on her staff tightens. The idea of having Erza being turned into that man-child's
plaything made her incredibly angry. She wanted nothing more than to hunt that bastard
down so that he could enchant his soul into an old chair and then set it on fire.
A tiny smile blossoms as she imagines hearing his screams as he burns in the fire, crying for
the help that wouldn't come since, to everyone else, it looked like she was simply burning
garbage.
Rustyrose was just a pile of human garbage.
"Shouldn't we warn our guildmates right away? They'll wanna know it's a former member of
Grimoire Heart who's behind all of this." Cana points out.
"And we will, but I'd like to know just who exactly we're dealing with first." I turn to
enchantress. "Irene. You said that [Arc of Embodiment] specializes in turning thoughts into
reality. Does it have any drawbacks or weaknesses?"
Irene ponders for a moment. "... while not exactly a weakness, the Magic cannot conjure
living creatures. However, such a Magic is not easy to learn and requires an enormous
amount of concentration from the user, and must not allow distractions to cloud their minds."
"He was also August-sama's apprentice for a while." Brandish chimes in. "I remember he
once told me that Rustyrose's method of conjuring was more akin to using [MemoryMake] than actually using his imagination. And while using this method greatly reduces the
casting time, it wasn't the true way of using Lost Magic." Brandish states.
So ol' Rusty can't use his magic properly. That will be useful.
"Alright. I think that's enough for now. We'll need to head to Drameel and let everyone
know." I said. "Handles, open a Grou-"
However, before I could finish, everyone felt a sudden shift in the air washing over them,
crawling up their spines like insects.
"What was that!?" Cana yells what's on everyone's minds.

I stand up from my throne with a look of concern. I push my senses outwards only to come to
a horrifying realization.
Nothing. There's no life beyond the base.
Suddenly, the alarms blare to life.
"ALERT! LARGE SPACE/TIME DISTORTION DETECTED!" Handles states.
"Show me." A window appears in front of me and my eyes widen in horror. "What…?"
"Asmodeus-sama?" Brandish asks before he suddenly gets up from his throne and runs off.
"Wait!" Everyone proceeds to run after him.
Cell looks at the window and narrows his eyes. "So this was your plan all along, wasn't it?
And I've just been taken for the ride."
All of us head outside of the palace to find out what is wrong, only to be shocked at what we
saw.
Instead of a desert in Earthland, it appears we are now in the middle of the night sky in space,
an endless void stretching in all directions with stars and galaxies just floating around us.
[... did we just get booted into outer space!?]
"Well, well. I believe it's about time we met Asmodeus." An arrogant voice caught our
attention as we saw the silver-haired dark mage we had just been discussing about,
surrounded by multiple hooded figures.
"But where are my manners? I am Rustyrose, the Guild Master of the reformed Grimoire
Heart, and I believe you have something that belongs to me."
Author Notes
Another day, another chapter. And I can safely say that I liked how it turned out.
So Cell was more powerful than initially thought, though he still stood no match against the
Gamer's full power. Omni was the one who suggested the platinum form, it's a far stronger
metal than gold. Plus it fits with Cell's whole idea that he's stronger than all the fighters he's
composed of.
I wanted to give Asmodeus' accession to SSJ4 a more deeper meeting instead of just simply
turning into a great ape and then shrinking back in an instant.
Acnologia becoming an amalgamation of the four races that compose him makes sense since
he is a manifestation of Asmodeus' power.
Anyways, that's all. Leave a comment.

Peace~

Chapter 24: Fairy Tail: Chaotic Heart
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime.
Everyone looks with a variety of expressions plastered on their faces as Rustyrose himself
stands before them.
Name: Rustyrose
Title: Innovator, Guildmaster of Grimoire Heart, Fallen Angel, Mad Alchemist
Level: 124
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire (former), Gold Owl (former), Grimoire Heart
HP: 311,109
MP: 500,801
SP: 466,788
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Homewrecker
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 74/100]
I read his stat sheet and raised a brow. 'He was a member of the Gold Owl?'
"What a reunion. It's so good to see you all here in the flesh." Rustyrose remarks.
"You have a lot of nerve showing up, you psycho." Cana growls.

"Even more considering what you've been up to." Mira adds as her face gains demon-like
features.
"Yes. Well, I thought it'd be best to just get this out of the way and get started." Rustyrose
admits as his gaze turns to me.
"What exactly do I have that supposedly belongs to you?" I ask.
"Several things, actually. One being the Chaos Emeralds you have in your possession. While
the other," He turns his gaze to the women and licks his lips. "Are my queens."
Cana scoffs. "Dream on, creep. Besides, someone like you doesn't hold a candle to
Asmodeus-kun."
"If you think you can just teleport us and force us under your thumb then you got another
thing coming." Dark magic begins to resonate with Mirajane. "And if you even think of
laying your filthy hands on my sister or any of my friends, I will RIP your dick and
balls and shove them straight down your throat!"
"My body and soul belongs to Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish shouted.
"Indeed, even for a human, you couldn't be more pathetic." Seilah said in a monotone voice.
"A worthless ant like you has no place in my heart."
"I serve one man and it's not YOU!" Lamy yelled.
"I prefer if my toys weren't so feeble-looking." Kyôka says while giving a quick glance at
Asmodeus.
"I've been wanting to have a word with you when I heard you tried to kidnap Erza." Irene
growled. "But now you have the audacity to claim we belong to you like we are your
property?! Absolutely unforgivable! Only Asmodeus-sama has the right to say we belong to
him!"
Ur transforms into her [Fairy Heart] form. "Rustyrose! Give me back my daughter, you sick
bastard!"
'Geez! While I appreciate their commitments, do they really need to say that out loud!?' I
thought.
[Look on the bright side at least, you gotta admire them for their steadfast
determination and loyalty even under such dangerous circumstances. And it only
supports the fact that you will have a very active love and sex life in the future~]
I guess you're right.
"Oh? I didn't recognize you at first because of your white hair, but your face tells me that you
are Ultear's mother. The same woman my darling has been obsessed over almost all of her
life." Rustyrose's smile widens. "I can't wait to add you to my collection."

Okay, that does it.
I transform into [Super Saiyan 2], surprising everyone else by its sheer power output.
'Amazing. And I can tell that this isn't even scratching the surface.' Kyôka thought in
astonishment.
'Incredible.' Larcade thought.
Tempester's expression is a mix of shock and fear. '... he is strong.'
"Hoh? Are you that afraid I will steal Lady Ur away?" Rustyrose mockingly asks.
"... do you think you can stop me?" I asked.
"How arrogant. While that power of yours is impressive, yes, you stand no chance against
the God of the Underworld himself." Rustyrose states with a smirk.
[Is that seriously what he's calling himself now?]
"Just die." I rush at him in a green blaze and throw my fist at his face.
Only for a cloaked figure to appear between us and catch my fist with their hand.
"!?" The stranger then lifts me up and throws me across the palace garden, but I manage to
catch myself just before going over the edge.
"Let us end this charade." Rustyrose snaps his fingers and all of the cloaks dissipate,
revealing who they all are underneath.
The first is Ultear, but she was different from the last time I saw her. She's taller for one,
much taller than her mother, approaching 5'10, with an extremely voluptuous hourglass figure
with J-cup breasts and an equally impressive ass. She's wearing the same outfit she wore
during the Grand Magic Games: a tabard-like garment that exposes her back. The attire is
open on both sides of her body except for a small attachment at her waist, and she dons long
black boots that leave her upper thighs bare.
Not gonna lie, that has to be the hottest outfit she's ever worn.
Dimaria got the same treatment in terms of stature and physique. She wears a navy blue and
gold skin-tight suit like the one she wore during the Alvarez war except this one has a boob
window and the mark of Alvarez has been replaced with that of Grimoire Heart.
I almost did a double take because I thought Rusty had somehow made two clones of Lucy
because they were eerily identical. One wears her blonde hair in a long ponytail and has sideswept bangs in front, with two strands of hair draped down the sides of her head. Her outfit
consists of elegant blue and white robes with a high-collared cloak that pressed tightly
against her K-cup breasts, along with a keyhole blouse and a long dress.

Her twin's outfit was more risque: a sexy royal blue bikini that proudly showed off the sexy
curves and large K-cup breasts and impressive ass to the point she was practically a prime
example of the expression "sex on legs".
The last two were an even bigger surprise because I wasn't expecting them here.
The first is another tall woman with long straight blonde hair that parts over her left temple,
which she generally keeps tucked behind her ear. She has a figure that is a hybrid between an
hourglass and an amazonian build, somehow being a perfect paradox combination of
feminine curves and extremely lean and compressed muscles. Her massive K-cup breasts and
ass somehow mixed well with her toned abdomen and legs. She wears a blue denim vest and
skirt with a Red Ribbon logo on the back. She wears dark blue tights, a brown belt, brown
boots, gray and gold fingerless gloves, and a black shirt that has white and black striped short
sleeves.
The other one is more inhuman than the others. She is a humanoid female with pink skin and
long bushy white hair with pointed ears and a tail accompanied by a pair of red eyes with
black sclera. She wears a black tube top with the black arm sleeves and gold bracelets at the
ends, black boots, and white baggy pants, all hugging her curvy figure and showing off her
K-cup breasts and large ass.
However, one thing common among them is the Grimoire Heart symbol glowing on their
foreheads signifying Rustyrose's ownership of their minds and bodies.
Name: Ultear Milkovich
Title: Time Witch, Sin of Lust, Goddess of Eternity, Magic and Curse Expert
Level: 179
Affiliation: Crime Sorcière (former), Grimoire Heart
HP: 414,121
MP: 710,041
SP: 585,144
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Current status: Brainwashed
Name: Dimaria Yesta
Title: Goddess of War, Time's Vessel, God Killer
Level: 185

Affiliation: Alvarez Empire (former), Grimoire Heart
HP: 367,755
MP: 567,899
SP: 591,301
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 75/100]
Current Status: Brainwashed
Name: Anna Heartfilia
Title: Dragon-Goddess of Wisdom and Space-Time, The Singularity
Level: 227
Affiliation: Heartfilia Clan (former), Grimoire Heart
HP: 578,801
MP: 843,655
SP: 609,100
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Current Status: Brainwashed
Name: Layla Heartfilia
Title: Dragon-Goddess of Magic, Celestial Maiden
Level: 225
Affiliation: Heartfilia Clan (former), Heartfilia Konzern (former), Love & Lucky
(former), Grimoire Heart
HP: 381,544
MP: 686,069

SP: 498,555
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Current Status: Brainwashed
Name: Super Android 18
Title: Ultimate Fusion Android, Lazuli
Level: 438
Affiliation: Red Ribbon Army (former), Grimoire Heart
HP: 2,788,232
MP: 0
SP: 4,678,092
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 76/100]
Current Status: Brainwashed
Name: Android 21
Title: True Ultimate Android, Great Pink Candy Machine, Vomi
Level: 445
Affiliation: Red Ribbon Army (former), Grimoire Heart
HP: 3,092,433
MP: 0
SP: 5,000,211
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Current Status: Brainwashed

"Drimiria-chan!" Brandish yells out her friend's name.
Drimiria, however, stares blankly at her with dead eyes.
"Drimiria…" Brandish whimpers at the unsettling gaze.
"What do you think of my new "guildmates"? Are they not beautiful?" Rustyrose caresses
Diamiria's cheek. "With my knowledge of [Alchemy] and the emerald's power, I was able to
turn these already beautiful women into the perfect goddesses. My new Seven Sins of
Purgatory, brides only worthy of a god such as myself."
[Wow, he took the concept of a God Complex and took it a step further. I'm both
impressed and creeped out right now]
"So you rebuild your guild out of deceit and narcissism?" I surmised followed by a chuckle.
"That… unbelievably pathetic."
The dark mage growls. "You're not all that different from me. So I don't see what the joke is."
"The JOKE, you narcissistic prick, is that you're a house of cards while I'm a fucking
fortress." I told him. "My girls love me willingly while you have to use such disgusting
methods just to have one of them sleep with you. The worst part is that you treat them like
dressing dolls, changing their bodies to suit your liking."
[He has clearly let the power get to his head]
"They are whatever I want them to be. It's only natural for a god to do what he wants after
all." Rustyrose dismissively states.
Ur, however, was past her boiling point.
"YOU BASTARD!" Ur roars, her Magic Power flaring violently. "I'M GOING TO RIP
YOUR DICK AND MAKE YOU EAT IT!"
"Wait, are you telling me you plan to do THIS to all of us?!" Cana cringes in disgust at the
imagery.
"If you even THINK of doing something like this to me, you will beg for a swift death before
the day is done." Irene warns, her expression one of sheer hatred.
"You definitely have a death wish if you think you can do this or even attempt it and not
expect consequences." Mira growled.
"How dare you turn Dimaria-chan into your doll?! I'm gonna erase you from existence!"
Brandish angrily stated.
"Even though I am a demon, I cannot help but find your actions quite despicable." Seilah
glares at the dark mage. "There is a special place in hell for people like you."
A massive wave of killer intent washes over the garden and surrounds everyone.

However, Rustyrose doesn't seem deterred by this one bit.
"Are you all done with your little speeches now?" His tone was dull and his expression
annoyed. "You are all so annoying. I'll make sure to take that defiance out of you once this is
over." He then gets an idea. "In fact, how about we start now?"
*CLICK!*
"!" Brandish looks down as Dimaria's backsword slowly cuts through her neck.
"[Payback Over Requiem: The World]!"
Time stops on command as I rush towards Dimiria with a flying kick only for the woman to
twist her body around to avoid the kick before raising her sword up to cut my leg, only to
bounce off thanks to my [Aura].
'I knew it. She can move in this frozen world just like me.' I thought.
I raise my hand and fire a ki shot at Dimaria, sending her flying as the time-stop ends.
The brainwashed shield lands next to Rustyrose, who glares daggers straight at me.
"I do have one question," I lower my hand. "How did you manage to locate this place?"
Rustyrose smirks. "That's simple, you took the bait."
"... Cell." I said in realization.
"Yes." He pulls out a small bird-like doll from his coat pocket. "I knew that after giving him
new power it would only be a matter of time before he betrayed me, so I had this little darling
spy on him during his mission. But that wasn't how I found you." He puts the doll away. "I
tracked you through Cell's ki. Unlike yours, Cell makes no effort in concealing it even though
he could."
My eyes widen at the reveal. "You can track ki?"
"Of course. Although his God Ki made it difficult at first, it was child's play once I found a
way around it." Rustyrose states.
"And I'm guessing that's how you were able to track everyone down and brainwash them." I
said, eyeing the six women.
"Why yes. The stronger they are, the easier it is to pick up their energy. Though I was
surprised when I first saw Ultear." Rustyrose remarks as he reminisces of their meeting.
Flashback
Rustyrose looks baffled as he stands in front of a small cottage and on the front door is a
small elderly woman.

"Who knew that small old woman living in a remote village was once the most wanted dark
mage in the world. To say that I was disgusted by the sight was an
understatement." Destruction quickly follows and Rustyrose is seen dragging Ultear by her
hair, heavily injured. "She was stubborn, but in the end, I was victorious."
The scene then cuts to a lab as the dark mage works on Ultear, who's fully aware and
screaming her lungs out through the whole process.
"It took some work, granted, to restore her to the way she was. All the while she would keep
screaming and screaming as I worked on her. Hmph, what an ungrateful harlot."
The scene then switches to show a burning field as Rustyrose walks away carrying an
unconscious and bloodied Dimaria on his right shoulder.
"Finding Dimaria was easy too, since she was working as a farmer in the countryside. Her
beautiful and fierce warrior splendor was replaced with the ugly visage of a dirty commoner.
It was a sight I couldn't bear to fathom, the mere idea made me cringe with disgust.
The perspective changes to a large glass tank as Rustyrose silently watches Dimaria getting
thrown in, before hundreds of mechanical cables rise from underneath and pierce through
every part of her body and electrocute her, making her scream in pain.
"Though I suppose that was fortunate since I would not have been able to capture her
otherwise."
Flashback ends
"What about the Lucy lookalikes? How did they come to be?" Cana asked, although she was
beginning to dread asking.
Because Rustyrose smiled.
"Anna Heartfilia was easy to find." He began. "After the defeat of Acnologia, the conceptual
power of the [Space Between Time] did not vanish from the world, but instead transferred
into Anna because of her apparent high exposure to it when she first traveled through the
Eclipse Gate. Her power was as dazzling as the Sun itself, and when you add the fact that she
was completely vulnerable in a school teaching children, it wasn't even a minor challenge."
Rustyrose arrogantly boasted. "The other woman, Layla Heartfilia, had died years prior, but
through a combination of magic, [Alchemy] and [Chaos Energy], bringing her back was as
simple as breathing. I simply wished to have the best of the Heartfilia family before I claim
Lucy for myself as well."
Mira and Cana were appalled and disgusted by the explanation.
"Y-You…" Mira couldn't find the words. Her aura shifts violently as her last restraints are
fading away.
"Did you seriously bring back Lucy's mother just for the sake of your sick fantasies?! What
the hell is wrong with you?!" Cana yelled in an outraged tone.

"Anything I desire automatically belongs to me. It is simply elementary, my dear." Rustyrose
arrogantly declares.
Brandish's face twists into rage as her [Aura] and [Magic] flares out of control.
"How dare you…!? How dare you desecrate Layla-sama's memory like this!? You sick fuck!
I knew I should have killed you when I had the chance!" Brandish roars in anger.
After learning the truth from Aquarius, she made peace with Lucy and the Heartfilia family
as a whole.
To see Layla, her mother's best friend, brought back and used as a sex toy, filled her with
absolute rage. She saw this as the ultimate desecration to her mother's memory, and she'll do
everything to make this rat pay dearly.
"Something tells me he'd soon gone after us to have a matching set." Irene whispers to Ur,
both increasingly disgusted at learning the depths of Rustyrose's depravity.
"What about the androids? How did you get a hold of them?" I asked.
"The blonde one was easy to get. She was just lying on the ground and I picked her up."
Rustyrose does the anime glasses pose. "I took her to my lab and began to work on her. Cell
was kind enough to give me the designs for two different android types: Infinite Energy and
Energy Absorption. From there I perfected the designs, and with an infusion of Cell's DNA, I
created the ultimate hybrid of Infinite Energy, Absorption, and Bio-engineering."
I narrowed my eyes.
"As for the pink one," Rustyrose begins to laugh. "My apologies, just thinking about it makes
me laugh."
Flashback
Rustyrose finds a hidden lab and finds a capsule with a person inside.
"While exploring Cell's universe, I decided to explore one of its many timelines. Cell once
told me that in his original timeline there was no Android 16, yet the one he ended up in did.
So that made me think about other alternate timelines, and in one of them I found this
particular morsel."
Rustyrose opens the capsule and is greeted by the sight of a gorgeous and incredibly sexy
woman with long blushy brown hair and wearing a pair of hoop earrings, a sleeveless, short
blue and red checker pattern high-neck minidress with opaque black tights, a white lab coat,
and blue (left foot) and red (right foot) ankle heel boots with gold tips.
She opens her eyes, revealing them to be a beautiful light blue like 18's, and looks at
Rustyrose with child-like curiosity.
"She was so thankful when I awakened her, and started asking me about the outside world.
Apparently, she has been in that capsule for ten years and was not allowed to be activated for

another twenty. She warned me it was because the cells in her body were too unstable and
could go out of control at any given moment." Rustyrose states. "I, however, provided her
with an alternative."
He shows the android his emerald and tells her what it does. "I told her that the emerald
could grant her full control of the cells within her and enhance her mind, that way she could
finally live the life she always dreamed of."
21 starts crying tears of happiness and Rustyrose smiles.
The emerald's light shines, blinding the hidden cavern and engulfing everything.
When it dies down, 21 is unconscious on the floor, and Rustyrose smiles in victory.
"I gave her what she wished for, and I got another beautiful doll for my growing collection."
Flashback ends
"So you tricked her." I surmised.
"She asked for my help and, like any gentleman, I assisted her. It's not my fault she took it so
blindly." He argued.
"Well, I hope you got room for one more." Everyone looks up as Cell slowly makes his
descent.
"Cell, how kind of you to join us." Rustyrose politely said.
"Spare me your nonsense. I should have realized there was a double meaning to your little
fetch quest." Cell spat.
"The Chaos Emeralds were always my main priority. Besides, having Androids 18 and 21 by
my side makes you…" A sadistic grin forms on his face. "...obsolete."
Cell's body shines brightly as he transforms into his platinum form.
"You're going to regret calling me obsolete, you little shit. I'm gonna enjoy killing you." Cell
snarls, not even hiding his animosity anymore.
"Hmph." Rustyrose just huffs at the threat.
"Cell, I know you don't like it but we need to work together in order to defeat the androids." I
told him.
"No way! I will teach these blow-up dolls who the TRUE Perfect Lifeform is." Cell snaps
back.
"Don't be an idiot, Cell! These two are beyond you! I know you can sense it! We have to
work together!" I argued.

"Tch! Fine, but the pink one's mine!" Cell grunted, finally giving in.
"Torafuzar." I called out.
"Yes?" He asked.
"I need you, Lamy, Tempester, and Kyôka to go inside and secure the altar." I ordered.
The Calamity demon just narrows his eyes. "If you think I'll obey you then-"
*WOOSH!*
The demon stops as a purple spike appears and narrowly stabs him in the eye.
"I don't CARE. You will follow my orders, Tempester, or I'll just kill you where you stand!" I
proclaim as a dark aura blends with my super form. "And when I do kill you, I will devour
your soul. You will be stuck in my gut as I slowly eat away at your very being with no hope
of escaping." I slowly turn to Tempester causing the demon to flinch. "You will go mad as
you beg me for a release that will never come. Now, you will do as I say or else. Clear?"
"C… clear." Tempester stammers in fear.
"Now go." The Etherious in question all run inside.
"The rest of you will deal with the other brainwashed girls." I said. "Brandish, use [Copy] to
nullify Dimaria's [Âge Seal] so everyone isn't a sitting duck! Cana and Larcade can help
you."
"Understood." Brandish acknowledges.
"You got it, Azzy!" Cana says as she changes to her [Fairy Heart] form.
"I will do my best." Larcade said.
"Ur. I need you and Seilah to deal with Ultear. And Irene, I need you and Mirajane to subdue
the Heartfilias and Rustyrose, but be careful, as they are more dangerous than they look." I
warned them.
The four women nod.
"I got a little something for you all." I raise my hand and conjure seven energy orbs and they
all fly towards everyone.
Larcade stares at the orb curiously. "What is this?"
"Just hold it. It'll do the rest." I told him.
Larcade grabs the orb and watches as it instantly sinks into his palm.
"!" Suddenly Larcade feels his magic shoot through the roof! He feels more powerful than
ever! More powerful than his father or Acnologia together!

Rustyrose watches in shock as everyone's power gets a massive boost, almost equal to his
own.
"What is this!? What have you done!?" Rustyrose demands.
"Oh nothing. Just a concoction of [Chaos Energy] and [Sage Dragon Slayer] magic, no
biggie." I replied lazily. "What? Did you think you were the only one who could pull that
trick? And here I thought you came here prepared."
"That's… not fair! You cheated!" Rustyrose exclaims.
"Tough, bitch. You should know that I never play fair." I told him. "Plus, who knows what
kind of shit you gave these brainwashed girls? Because I can tell they are a LOT stronger
than ever before!"
Rustyrose grits his teeth in anger.
Quest Alert!
Quest: Defend the Stronghold!
Defend your base from the New Seven Sins of Purgatory
Objective: Defeat the New Seven Sins of Purgatory
Bonus Objective: Free the girls from Rustyrose's brainwashing (0/6)
Reward: 654,788 EXP, 601,237 Credits, Items, Skill, Legendary Gacha Tokens
"Kill them!" Rustyrose yells.
The girls move.
Cell and I charge forward at the Android girls, delivering our strongest punches causing the
two girls to be sent flying out of the palace gardens and we fly after them.
Cell holds one of his hands in front of him with the other hand supporting it and fires a large
purplish-pink energy wave or energy sphere at Android 21.
21 sees this and cups her hands together and pulls them to the side before firing a large pink
Kamehameha straight at Cell's attack.
The two beams collide but 21's quickly pierces through Cell's attack and travels straight for
him.
"!" Cell quickly uses Instant Transmission to dodge the incoming attack as it travels straight
for the base!
"No!" I use [Duplicate] and a clone quickly appears and dashes straight for the stray beam.

The clone holds his hands out and activates the [Preda Path], absorbing the energy beam
easily and disappearing.
I sigh before I raise my arms to block the incoming kick from 18.
Cell and 21 exchange lightspeed blows, creating massive shockwaves that ripple across the
void.
However, neither of them were able to land a blow against the other. Their blows were
precise, each punch calculated by their strength and speed. From an outside viewpoint, the
two bio-androids seemed evenly matched.
However, this was further from the truth.
'How… how is she this strong!?' A frustrated Cell mentally screams out as he dodges 21's
attacks.
Sadly, this moment was all 21 needed as she saw an opening and punched Cell straight
through his solar plexus.
"Guahh!" Cell vomits purple blood, but the pain doesn't deter him.
He grabs 21's arm, surprising the mind-controlled bio-android.
"Got you." Cell raises his other arm and uses his ki to form an energy blade before bringing it
down and cutting her arm off.
21 pulls back as Cell removes the arm from his abdomen and throws it into the void before.
The two androids regenerate their wounds with ease as they stare at one another.
"I don't know who you are, and frankly, I don't care. But don't think for a SECOND that
you're my better!" Cell's silver aura intensifies. "I am the TRUE Ultimate Android! The
perfect fusion of the universe's greatest warriors! Cell exclaims as he funnels more power.
"And I REFUSE to be beaten by a PUPPET ON STRINGS!"
Cell once again charges against Android 21, though now with a notable increase in power.
The Saiyan's ability to grow stronger through intense emotions and the [Chaos
Energy] already within Cell stimulated by his desire to defeat his opponent and become
stronger to prove himself.
Android 21, however, did not have such an advantage due to Rustyrose's brainwashing, and
as such their fight began to gradually shift in Cell's favor.
She starts to lose her ground, slowly becoming unable to parry all of Cell's blows until she is
eventually overwhelmed with a rain of punches.
Cell goes for an elbow and knee combo before putting his hands together and bashes her in
the head, sending careening towards the bottom.

"It's over!" Cell throws both of his arms open, hands held vertically and fingers wide while
gathering ki. He then straightens his arms to form a sphere of energy in the space between the
palms of each hand that emits sporadic bolts of electric white ki that shoot out in all
directions.
Everyone stops as they turn to the bright silver light on the horizon.
21 gets her bearings as she turns to look, but is too late.
"FINAL FLASH!" Cell unleashes a massive silver beam with electric ki streaming around it
towards 21.
Said Android has no time to react as she is completely swallowed by the massive beam as it
continues to travel downward, leaving a stream of silver light until it is no longer visible.
Cell looks at the abyss below with an annoyed look on his face.
"Tch. For a puppet, she sure is stubborn, I'll give her that." Cell remarks, having picked up
her faint energy. "At least, she won't trouble us for now."
The perspective changes to show an unconscious 21, her body riddled with burns and
scrapes. Her white pants were burned, showing off bits of her black panties, and her black
tube top also has light burns.
I dodge 18's powerful punches and kicks, although some manage to scrape my [Aura] but it
wasn't enough to cause true damage.
'If I remember correctly, Energy Absorption Androids need to absorb energy to function. But
as a hybrid android, that drawback is likely completely voided and now simply adds power to
increase hers.' I thought as I parried more of her blows. 'I know there is a weakness to this,
but what is it!?' I grit my teeth. "Dammit! I shouldn't have dismissed GT so flippidly!"
[If we can't hit her with energy, then we'll just beat her with our strength]
I open my pocket dimension and summon [Gorehowl] into my hand.
"Let's go." I rush towards 18.
Super 18 raises both of her hands and charges two pink energy spheres before firing many
smaller pink blasts at me.
I grip my ax and twirl it in front of me, deflecting the incoming barrage as I continue
undeterred.
18 tries to raise her hands to catch the ax blade, but they simply slice through them the
moment they come into contact.
The Fusion Android opens her mouth and fires a large ki beam at me, prompting me to jump
away from her.

I can't help but be annoyed as I watch her hands regenerate instantly.
'That instant regeneration is gonna be tricky. I need to think of something.' I thought.
I dismiss [Gorehowl] and clap my hands together, activating the [Asura Path] and sprouting
four extra arms, making the total to be six.
From each palm, six black orbs appear and they shape shift into four black swords.
I once again go on a barrage of attacks against 18. The Android tries to dodge and block my
attacks, but the fact that she has to deal with 6 attacks simultaneously made dodging
impossible and blocking ultimately proved to be a mistake when I cut off one of her hands,
which failed to regenerate due to the nature of the [Truth-Seeking Orbs].
Upon realizing how dangerous the situation was, Android 18 tried to back away to flee, only
for her to be stopped by a wall of [Dark Matter].
"This is for your own good, 18. [Universal Pull]!" I shout, causing the Android to be pulled
towards me as I readied my weapons.
Android 18 fires another barrage of Ki blasts with her remaining hand in the hopes of
stopping her momentum and defeating me, but then I immediately have all six swords come
together and transform into a barrier to absorb all her attacks.
Upon dispelling the barrier, I had my 4 mechanical arms hold the brainwashed Android in
place, effectively restraining her.
"Stop moving already!" I karate-chop her on the back of her neck and she falls limp. "Sorry,
but you left me no choice."
[So, now what do we do with her?]
"I think I might have something." I use the [Naraka Path] and summon the King of Hell, its
head rising from a literal hole in reality.
Its Rinnegan eyes stare at me for a moment before it opens its massive mouth and I throw the
unconscious Android into it before it sinks back into the void.
"Now, to get back to the others." I said as I made a beeline back to the [Ruby Palace].
"Ultear, please wake up!" Ur pleads to her daughter as she and Seilah dodge another of
Ultear's time based spells.
Fighting Ultear proved to be quite more challenging than anticipated. Asmodeus' words rang
true, her daughter was enhanced, modified, with more abilities that she has never seen. Not
only can she use [Arc of Time], but also a variety of different spells as well as [Curses] were
thrown into the mix.

Seilah used her [Curses] on Ultear, but all of them were nullified thanks to her variant
of [Copy] which seemingly allows her to negate any form of attack.
The two manage to find a work around by infusing their attacks with [Aura] and [Chaos
Energy] allowing them to deal real damage, but this only manages to slow her down for a
while before attacking again.
"This isn't good. Ultear is tanking our attacks like their nothing, and she won't let us get any
closer." Ur states.
Ultear uses [Arc of Embodiment] to fire multiple swords at the girls, but they manage to
dodge them all.
"Dammit…" Ur growls under her breath.
"... but I may have a way."
Ur turns to her ally. "What?"
"I may have figured out a weakness to her power, but in order to exploit it, you need to keep
her distracted." Seilah elaborates.
"Leave it to me! I got your back!" Ur replies back and Seilah disappears from sight.
The ascension ice mage takes a deep breath and fires a torrent of black flames. "[Fire God's
Bellow]!"
The attack launches towards the brainwashed mage, who stops it with a wall of Ice Magic.
However, she looks up to see Ur flying over the ice wall and landing in front of her.
"Ultear, I truly am sorry for not being there for you for all those years, and I honestly don't
deserve to be your mother." Ur tells her daughter with a determined expression. "So let me be
there for you now!"
Ur immediately uses her [Ice Devil Slayer] magic to manipulate the ice wall behind her into
a sword via [Ice-Make] magic.
Ultear immediately intercepted the attack with an [Ice-Make] sword of her own.
"I know you went through so much pain while I was gone." Ur told Ultear. "But I don't want
you to suffer from my failures and mistakes. You are an extraordinary woman, Ultear, far
better than me, and you deserve so much better for a mother. Which is why my friends and I
will save you!"
The mother and daughter rush towards each other with ice swords that are as hard as steel and
collide.
The two jump back but Ur quickly takes the initiative and goes for the offensive, bringing her
sword down on her daughter who quickly blocks with her own.

She then proceeds to kick Ur in the stomach and charges at her with a barrage of quick stabs.
Ur manages to parry some, with her [Aura] absorbing most of the damage.
'She's not giving me any room to move. I need to think of something…' Suddenly, an idea
came to mind. 'I got it!'
"[Ice Devil's Laughter]!" Medium-sized ice shards appear and rain down on them.
Ultear senses this and moves out just as ice shards come down, seemingly burying Ur under
them.
However, this wasn't the case as not long after Ur flew out of the ice and towards her
daughter.
Ultear uses [Tenga Goken] and turns both of her arms into sharp violet blades and charges at
her mother.
However, just before they can make contact, ice suddenly bursts out from under Ultear's feet,
encasing her entire body in ice with the exception of her head.
Ur grabs her face and looks at her directly in the eyes.
"Ultear, I know you're in there! Wake up!" Ur begs as cracks form all over the ice
Ultear's eyes widen slightly and a single, stray tear rolls down her left eye.
"Ultear…" Tears of happiness roll down Ur's face, knowing she's making progress. "I'll save
you, just hold on."
The ice prison breaks and Ultear quickly jumps away to make some distance.
"[Fire God's Kagutsuchi]!" Ur yells, charging a torrent of black flames as she charges
towards her daughter.
Ultear uses water magic in the hopes of extinguishing the flames, but then Ur jumps out of
the flames with a black scythe in her hands.
"[Fire God's Scythe]!" Ur yells, however, Ultear was faster and plunges her sword into her
chest.
Only for her sword, and Ultear, to phase through Ur like mist.
Ultear begins to look around for Ur, but can't seem to find her anywhere.
"[Ice Devil's Rage]!" The time mage turns only for her body to be suddenly frozen once
again.
Ultear soon melts the ice but stops as she is suddenly tackled and embraced by Ur.

"Just stop, sweetheart. I'm not going to let you go." Ur states, causing her daughter to stop
moving.
Suddenly, a collar made of ice suddenly appears on Ultear's neck and she immediately loses
consciousness, but Ur catches her as she leans towards the ground.
"It's done. Ultear is incapacitated." Seilah reappears beside her. "To be honest, I didn't think it
would work."
"Could you fill me in on just what you did?" Ur asks.
"As you are aware, [Magic] and [Curses] did not work against your daughter. Even the added
power [Semblance] did not have any results." Seilah began. "But that's when I noticed
something crucial about how her powers work: she is only able to nullify attacks the moment
they come in range of her senses. It explains why my power didn't work, since it dispelled the
moment she became aware of it." She continues. "So, if she were to focus solely on a single
opponent, then she wouldn't be able to negate the other's magic."
"So you used me as bait." Ur said.
"Regardless, my plan worked in the end and now you have your daughter back." A rare smile
forms on Seilah's face. "So much for his 'perfect goddesses'."
Ur glares at the demon girl, it's sometimes hard to forget that she isn't human.
With a sigh, Ur picks up her daughter and the two walk off to get to the others.
Brandish grunts, struggling to maintain her footing and concentration at what's happening in
front of her.
A large white energy beam collides with a green barrier with bits of it clipping away from the
strain.
From the other end, Dimaria's constant dead look remained unchanged as she fired the beam
from both her hands.
Her appearance has also changed, now her entire body is cloaked in shadow, with only her
jaw being visible. In the darkness of the upper part of her face, two small, bright discs are all
that denote her eyes. The region of her body below her neck is marked with ethereal lines,
which streak across her body in various patterns, either wrapping themselves around her
frame or forming closed figures reminiscent of the head of a typical clock hand. The patterns
are arranged symmetric to her torso's central axis. Her hair also lengthens significantly, but
does not lose its wavy nature.
"Ugh…!" Brandish feels her body slowly being pushed back while Cana transfers some of
her power into her.
"Shit! Even in this form, it's still not enough!" Cana exclaims. "Was this bitch always this
strong!?"

"She was one of father's shields for a reason. Though I will admit, the beam is new." Larcade
remarks.
"Thanks for the update, jackass!" Cana barks. "At least try and do something!"
"I am afraid I would not be of any use to you. When it comes to Dimaria, I am nothing short
of useless." Larcade states.
"Ugh, you're useless!" Cana yells out.
"Will you two stop yelling already!?" Brandish's voice was hoarse and desperate. "We need
to figure something out!"
Whatever that leecher did to Dimaria made her a monster. Not only was she able to
manipulate time and use [Take-Over: God Soul], but she demonstrated the usage of Fire,
Lightning, and Sky God Slayer Magic, and had also demonstrated a usage of illusion magic
in conjunction with her time magic, which made hitting the elusive Spriggan all the more
challenging.
The only reason they were still alive is because of Brandish's [Copy] magic nullifying almost
all of her skills. However, once she assumed her Take Over, Brandish felt her magic being
blocked like she crashed into a steel wall.
The trio try to think of another way, but Dimiria fires a beam of [Chaos Energy] at them,
forcing Brandish to use her own reservoir of said power to protect them but it's proving to be
increasingly difficult.
'How…? Asmodeus-sama's power boost should have been more than enough. How are we
struggling against her!?' A confused Brandish exclaims as she can't wrap her head around it.
"It is obvious that whatever Rustyrose did to her, made her exceedingly powerful. I believe
she is meant to be one of his strongest fighters." Larcade surmises.
*CRACK!*
The trio watch as more cracks appear all over the barrier.
"... if physical strength is a problem, Larcade, then let me help rectify it." Brandish turns and
raises her hand to the White Dragneel. "Take my hand, now."
*CRACK!*
"Quickly! I can't keep going like this with only one hand!" Brandish yelled.
Larcade takes her hand and immediately feels a sudden surge of energy entering his body,
festering and growing inside him.
He can feel the different types of magic, their knowledge and applications becoming
instinctual to him just like breathing air.

And then, he starts to glow, enveloping everyone in the light.
"..." Dimaria stares at the light slightly confused and starts to put more power into the beam.
However, she soon jumps away as a black projectile comes flying towards her at crazy speeds
before crashing to the other side of the garden with a loud cracking sound soon following.
A goat's hoof appears followed by a goat's leg with white fur.
The view changes to reveal Larcade Dragneel, but with a different appearance. While he
retains his original human appearance, he now has eight golden wings sprouting from his
back and a pair of goat legs instead of human legs as well as a pair of red horns on top of his
head with its tips facing back.
His outfit has also changed, now wearing golden shoulder pads and skirt with a wing motif
instead of his robes.
Larcade looks at his hands, power brimming in his fingertips. "Incredible… simply
incredible."
Dimaria, sensing the incredible energy, begins to exert more chaos power in order to exceed
it.
She launches herself forward and punches Larcade, creating a sonic boom that can be seen
from far away.
However, it's revealed that the sonic boom wasn't caused by Dimaria's punch, but from
Larcade catching the punch with his right hand.
"!" Even Dimaria was shocked.
Larcade pulls her towards him and delivers a strong blow right at her chest. He doesn't stop
as he begins to deliver fast consecutive hits with a force strong enough to shatter a mountain
a hundred times over before kicking her away.
"Such monstrous strength… and to think I haven't come close to exerting myself. Truly, this
is the world of the strong." Larcade remarks.
Dimaria catches herself and soon rushes towards her opponent.
Larcade takes one step forward and propels himself at astonishing speeds, pulling his arm
back with a large grin on his face.
The two forces collide, creating a large crater as a result of their clash.
Cana looks completely baffled. One moment they were cornered and now they're on equal
footing.
"Wow, what a turnabout." She then turns to an exhausted Brandish. "What did you do to
him?"

"I took a page out of Asmodeus-sama's book and gave him a gift," Brandish wheezes
between breaths. "Though unlike Asmodeus-sama, mine isn't permanent."
"Hold on." Cana kneels next to her and starts giving her some of her energy. "What kind of
gift lets him do that?"
"Simple: different forms of magic." Brandish revealed, causing Cana's eyes to widen. "I had
to give him a form of Time Magic to ensure Dimaria-chan's [Âge Seal] wouldn't work, so I
gave him the [Arc of Time]. I also gave him [Fire God Slayer] Magic to counter the effects
of her God Soul form. And thanks to Asmodeus-sama giving it to me after Aldoron was
defeated, I was even able to give him Acnologia's magic, so he can consume all her attacks!"
"What?! Acnologia's Magic?!" Cana gasps. "Are you sure it was a good idea to give him
that?! What if he uses it against us afterwards?!"
"Larcade swore his loyalty to Asmodeus-sama, and even if he broke his word, I have faith
Asmodeus-sama could stop him." Brandish spoke in a reassured tone. "He was able to beat
Acnologia after all, at least 3 times in fact! And we both know Asmodeus-sama is not only
far stronger than any of us can imagine, but he can also do the impossible!"
"True enough, let's just hope this works," Cana says as she looks back at the fight. "By the
way, why does he look like that? He looks like a demon, an oddly beautiful one at that."
"That's because he's an Etherious much like Bloodman, a demon the emperor created."
Brandish reveals.
Cana gives the greenette a skeptic look. "Is there anyone in Alverez who isn't a monster?"
"Well, there's me and Dimaria for a start. Although now, I guess that designation doesn't fit us
anymore." Brandish said.
The two girls are slightly pushed back by multiple sonic booms.
"Cana-chan, we should use this opportunity to prepare our next move. Even with this power,
it's unlikely Larcade can beat Dimaria-chan with whatever she may still be hiding, and he
can't last forever." Brandish warned.
"Well, I'm open to suggestions!" Cana said.
Larcade is pushed back by the shockwave.
"Ugh." Larcade begins to gather dark magic into his hands before straightening his arms as a
black orb forms in the space between them.
"[Void Dragon King's Death Ball]!" He fires the black orb at Dimaria at high speeds.
Dimaria fires an energy beam from her fingers at the energy sphere only for it to simply
vanish the moment it comes into contact.
Seeing that the death ball isn't stopping, Dimaria tries to push it back using telekinesis.

"No, you don't!" Larcade raises his hand and forces the orb forward, causing the two to be
trapped in a stalemate.
"Rargh!" Larcade uses every last bit of his willpower to push the orb an inch further until it is
right in front of Dimaria.
"!" Dimaria can do nothing as the orb touches her skin and it immediately enlarges,
swallowing her as well as the surrounding area.
Larcade's transformation wears out as he lets out a tired sigh and lowers his hand. He is
victorious at last.
*CRACK!*
Larcade looks up to cracks of light beginning to spread all across the black sphere until it
explodes into black glass-like shards.
When Larcade could once again see after the explosion subsided, his eyes widened upon
looking at Dimaria again.
Dimaria's appearance had changed once again. She still resembled her God Soul form, but the
pitch black parts of her body were now a pure white, and energy wings appeared from her
back, granting an appearance resembling a fusion of Dimaria's God Soul form and the Fairy
Heart form used by Cana and Ur.
"It cannot be." Larcade muttered in shock, before he was suddenly blown by the force of the
shockwave caused by a sudden impact to his abdomen.
Larcade is sent flying, but feels something soft colliding with his back stopping the
momentum.
"Geez, what a copycat!" Cana remarks at Dimaria's new form.
Larcade looks at his former enemy. "... you saved me. Why?"
Cana gives the Etherious a confused look. "Why? You mean you haven't figured it out? It's
because you're part of the team! Our friend!"
Larcade's eyes widened in surprise. A friend? She called him her friend. He never had a
friend before. The closest thing he had to friends were the Spriggan 12, but they were all
acquaintances at best.
"... I see." A perplexed Larcade said, his mind still trying to figure it out.
The two land on the ground but they are immediately drawn towards Dimaria as they feel a
massive surge of magical power coming from her.
The environment begins to ripple as the rocks and grass around them begins to evaporate in
nothing.

"Oh no, is she insane!?" Larcade exclaims, having figured out what she's doing.
"This is just like back in Magnolia." Cana comments, remembering the same thing happening
during the Alvarez war.
"This is [Ars Magia], it's the Wizard King's most powerful spell. It is capable of destroying
an entire country at the cost of the caster's own body." Larcade reveals. "And with [Fairy
Heart] in her possession, there's no telling what kind of damage she's capable of."
They watch as Dimaria's skin begins to crack under the pressure of her power.
"Any ideas on how to stop her?" A scared Cana asks the white Etherious.
"Magical attacks won't work on her at this point. We need to find something to find a way to
nullify it. " Larcade said.
At that moment, pink energy chains wrap around Dimaria and cancel out the spell along with
her Taker Over.
"!" The two turn to see an exhausted Brandish walking towards them.
"Hurry…! I can't do this much longer!"Brandish told them.
Cana nods. "Got it! Thanks!"
The two begin to gather magical power and combine it with [Chaos Energy].
Larcade raises his right arm high as a magic circle appears under him. He holds out his index
finger as it collects magical energy before lowering his arm and pointing his finger at
Dimaria.
"[Fairy Glitter]!"
"[Dragon Slayer Secret Art - Eternal Might: Nature Fury]!"
The two attacks travel across the battlefield at insane speeds, their energy merging together as
it reaches its target.
*BOOM!*
A massive explosion swallows up Dimaria and when the smoke dissipates, they find her on
the floor unconscious.
"It's… over." Brandish collapses on the spot.
"Man… this was intense." Cana's transformation disappears as she falls to her knees.
Larcade looks at both Brandish and Cana as he becomes lost in thought.
"Friends… huh…" Larcade mutters to himself.

"Guah!" Mirajane screams as she falls to the ground, her body racking in pain.
Irene clutches her bleeding side as she glares at Rustyrose laughing at their sorry state with
the two Heartfilia women by his side.
"Did you think you had a chance against me!? You two can barely hold me off!" Rustyrose
mocks them.
"That's your slaves doing all of the fighting! You… haven't done a single thing!" Mira
rebuttals.
"Heh." Irene smirks while wincing in pain. "As expected from a coward like you."
Rustyrose glares at them with visible anger. "You DARE accuse me of cowardice!?"
Anna charges in and quickly grabs Irene by her neck before lifting her up.
"Guh!" Irene struggles to break free from Anna's vice grip but all that does is for the
brainwashed mage to put more strength into it.
"NO!" Mira stands up and begins to channel [Chaos Energy].
*CRACK~*
"Agh!" She suddenly collapses and begins coughing profusely. "What… why can't I
transform?"
"Fascinating. I didn't think it was possible for a living creature to be a natural container
of [Chaos Energy], though it seems you have pushed your limit." Rustyrose remarks as he
states intensely at the She-Devil. "The alchemists of Gold Owl tried everything to tap into the
emerald's power, only for the test subjects to die after just under an hour. That's when I
realized that the emerald's power can only be used by beings of exceptional strength,
something that everyone in the guild lacked."
"And you think I'm not strong enough to handle it?" Mira scoffed.
"Oh no, no, no. You are very strong, that cannot be denied." He said. "But you likely didn't
put much effort in mastering this kind of power so you could use it without issue. Instead,
you chose to fool around, letting your victory against a Dragon God get to your head." His
expression's riddled with disappointment. "You may have power, but that power is a muscle.
And like any muscle, it decreases in size and strength once you stop using it."
Mira tries to stand but soon falls back down. "Don't underestimate me…!"
"But do not fret, my dear. Once this is over, I will fix that issue along with anything that I
may find." Rustyrose assures her as he walks towards Mira.
"No… stop…" Mira struggles to move only for a shadow to eclipse her.

"There is no point in resisting." Rustyrose raises his hand towards her. "I am… inevitable."
Mirajane watches with clear panic as the dark mage's hand slowly moves towards her eyes.
'Somebody… Help me…!'
*BOOM!*
"!" The two turn to the sound of something crashing in front of them, creating a huge cloud of
dust.
From the dust, a silhouette is seen growing more visible and it's revealed to me Asmodeus.
"You!?" Rustyrose exclaims in shock.
Tears of happiness roll off Mirajane's face. "Asmodeus!"
Irene slowly turns her neck as her eyes manage to lock on the familiar visage.
"As… modeus… sama…" Irene choked out.
Name: Irene Belserion
Title: Scarlet Despair, Queen of Dragons, The Sage Dragon, The Original Dragon
Slayer, High Enchanter
Level: 145
Affiliation: Kingdom of Dragnof (Former), Alvarez Empire (Former)
HP: 12,012
MP: 8,999
SP: 5,329
AP: 2,123
Thoughts about you: Relieved
Name: Mirajane Strauss
Title: She-Devil, Mira, The Poster Girl of Fiore, Transcendent, White Goddess, Demon
Queen
Level: 195
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
HP: 26,541

MP: 38,111
SP: 11,901
AP: 7,001
Thoughts about you: Overjoyed
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 77/100]
"..." I narrow my eyes as I turn my gaze forward.
I use [Duplicate] and two clones appear before each of the two Heartfilias, surprising them.
The clone strikes Anna in the abdomen, forcing her to lose her grip and lets go of Irene.
"*Cough!* Cough!*" Irene coughs as she is finally able to breathe once more.
The clone grabs Anna's shoulders and pushes down on the ground. She looks on as the tip of
what looks like a black rod slowly comes out of his palm before shooting out and stabbing
her in her right shoulder.
"!" Anna looks surprised before her eyes slowly close and her body goes limp.
Rustyrose is dumbstruck as he feels his connection to Anna vanishing. He then jumps as
another connection is broken and turns to see Layla with an identical black rod stabbing her
left hand.
"What have you done?!" Rustyrose roared. "Why is my connection to them not working? You
didn't inflict lethal wounds on them, yet I cannot connect to them, almost as if they are dead!"
"I simply cut their strings from their lowly puppetmaster." I mocked. "Those rods are the
physical manifestation of my will and can overpower others if they're weaker than me."
The clones disappear and their essense returns to me.
"Thanks to your machinations, these girls have no free will. Ergo, there was nothing stopping
me from breaking your hold on them." I told him.
Rustyrose's anger boils over. "YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS!" He uses [Arc of
Embodiment] and creates a massive grayish-while gun with green neon around it. Its barrel
is a vertical opening with a black trigger and a triple sided front side.
I recognize the weapon instantly: the BFG 9000.
"DIE!" Rustyrose pulls the trigger and it makes a whirring sound increasing in pitch until a
big green projectile is shot out.
I slowly raise my hand and catch the green orb.

Green lighting shoots out, destroying anything that touches it, but it does nothing to me.
"Im… impossible!" Rustyrose steps back in fear. "This weapon destroys anything it comes
into contact with. How are YOU still alive!?"
I throw the projectile back at Rustyrose.
"!" Rustyrose flies out of the way, but the orb simply follows after him. "Dammit!"
A black orb appears in my palm and I throw it at the green one, causing an explosion of
incredible magnitude!
"AHHHHHH!" Rustyrose screams as he is quickly swallowed whole.
I look blankly as something falls from the sky and crashes into the ground hard.
"Y-Y-Y-You a-a-a-are…!" A broken machinal voice rings out as a hand crawls out from the
smoke. "A mons-t-t-t-t-er!"
Rustyrose soon steps out, revealing his entire right side missing, with loose wires sparking
and melted metal sticking out.
"... an android?" I questioned.
"I am im-im-impressed. You mana-mana-manage to destroy this-this puppet." Rustyrose
praised.
I narrow my eyes. Something's not adding up here.
"Just what is your end goal here? Why go through this entire charade?" I asked.
"It ma-ma-ma-matters not. The data has been com-com-com-compiled." It states.
[Data? As in combat data?]
The doll then takes its clothes and rips them out, revealing a timer in the center of its chest
already nearing zero.
"Y-Y-Y-You lose." The doll declares with a smile.
I summon [Dark Matter] and have it envelope the doll just as the timer reaches zero.
*BOOM!*
The dark cocoon expands before it deflates, leaving only a small charred spot on the ground.
"Good grief. Why do bad guys always have to be so complicated?" I murmured.
Just then, Cell descends and lands behind me.
"... what took you so long?" I asked.

"I went to see how your females handled this." Cell states.
"And?"
Cell scoffs. "Terribly. They may have power but have no idea how to use it. They only
survived by pure luck."
I sigh.
Cell looks around. "So, where's the cockroach?"
"... gather everyone. They'll want to hear this."
Later
Everyone is in awe as I throw the brainwashed girls into the King of Hell and watch it chew.
"Gotta say. That has to be the creepiest face I've ever seen." Cana remarks.
The King of Hell's eyes turn to Cana, making the card mage jump in fright.
"He doesn't like it when people talk about him so loosely." I told her.
Ur steps forward. "So, let me get this straight: that bastard came here, that trapped us in this
void." She then points to the head. "The one that kidnapped and modified six girls, one of
which being MY daughter, was a fake!?"
I nod. "Pretty much, yeah."
Ur just scoffs and walks off. "Unbelievable!"
"But why?" Seilah asks.
"Apparently so he can get combat data on us. Though the question is what he's planning to do
with it." Irene said.
"Rustyrose planned to take you all out of the way so that he can finalize his plan." Cell said.
"What plan?" Brandish asks.
"... a universal reset." Everyone turns to me. "Rustyrose's plan is to use the emerald's power
to accelerate time across the universe until it reaches the "vanishing point" in which will
cause the old universe to be destroyed and a new one taking its place. It's also why he had
Cell kidnap Selene, her domain over the stars would allow him to survive the inception
unchanged, in theory anyway."
"How do you know all of this?" A perplexed Cell asks.
I tap my head. "When I defeated you, I took a good look at your memories. Not only that, but
I also acquired all of your knowledge of martial arts and Ki. So, I can safely say that I'm your
equal in that department."

Cell, rather than being angry, stares at me with great interest.
"Is that so? Well, then I hope you can back up those words when we fight." Cell says in his
usual confident tone.
"I don't understand… why would he do all of this?" A perplexed Mira asks.
"To fulfill Grimoire Heart's life-long dream: [Ultimate Magic World]. A world where only
the magi are allowed to exist, with him as its sole ruler and god." I told her.
"That's… fucking dumb." Cana said.
"Tell that to him. I'm pretty sure he's too far gone to listen anyway." I remark before noticing
something amiss.
Or rather… someone.
"Cell?" I turn to the Bio-Android. "Where's the pink Android?"
"I left her floating somewhere in this void." Cell reveals.
I blink. "You what?"
In the darkness of the void, Android 21's limp body is seen drifting aimlessly.
A purple aura suddenly envelopes her and is pulled towards a pale figure wearing a dark
purple coat with white straps going across his chest and arms reminiscent of an "X".
"It is too soon to be over. I still wish to see the true extent of your potential." He says as
he looks at 21's injured form.
A glowing purple button appears over his clawed hand. "Now, I will free you from your
restraints."
He presses the button.
And the Android's eyes snap open, revealing them to be glowing red.
Meanwhile back in the palace, everyone discusses what their next move is before whipping
their heads around as they feel an insane power level coming towards them.
"Did you feel that?" Cana asks.
Mirajane nods. "Yeah… and it's getting closer!"
*BOOM!*
Something crashes in front of them, causing everyone to shield themselves from the large
gust of wind.

Suddenly, a pink laser beam shoots out from the cloud and pierces through Cell's black
forehead, causing him to fall immediately with a loud thud.
"Cell!" I called out.
"Oh? Would you look at that? So many beautiful people all gathered in one place!" A female
voice states, her voice a mix of excitement and madness. "Fufufufufu, you all look so tasty~"
The cloud disperses revealing Android 21, but her skin is now gray and she has dark purple
spots throughout her body like that of Cell's. She also gains a purple tint to her hair.
Name: Android 21
Title: True Ultimate Android, Great Evil Candy Machine, Vomi
Level: 445
Affiliation: Red Ribbon Army (Former), Grimoire Heart (Former)
HP: 9,792,611
MP: 0
SP: 10,089,191
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to suck you dry
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 78/100]
W-What is this…?" Mira holds herself as her body starts to tremble uncontrollably. "How…
How can such foul energy exist?"
Soon the others begin to show similar afflictions, unable to move as the immense evil coming
from the android constricts them like a snake.
I stare at her new appearance and notice the lack of a glowing guild symbol on her forehead.
'She's no longer under Rustyrose's control. But given her current state, I doubt she'll listen to
me.' I said.
[If she won't listen willingly, then we'll just have to make her listen]
"Everyone, I need you all to stand back." I tell them as I take a step forward. "No matter what
happens, don't interfere."
"But we can help." Ur said.

"Not this time. Not against her." I look on as 21's power continues to rise exponentially. "You
guys just aren't strong enough."
Cana grits her teeth but relents. "... alright."
"If that is what my master desires." Seilah nods.
"... be careful." Mira said.
I turn and nod before turning my attention back to 21 and walk towards her.
The corrupted android looks amused. "Ara? Are you approaching me? Even knowing my
power, a cutie like you still wants to fight me?"
"I can't knock some sense into you unless I come closer." I retorted.
"HA! Knock some sense into me?! Do you truly believe you can defeat me?" Android 21
laughs before noticing me take off my bracelets. "What are you doing?"
"You shouldn't underestimate me." I take off the last of my shackles. "And now, you'll learn
the hard way."
Everyone is suddenly blown back by the sudden and massive burst of power coming from
me. They all try to find something to hold so as to not get blown away.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons, Master Forger, Master of Death, Lord of Terror
Race: Omniversal Chimera
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 633
HP: 128,550,040 (12855004 per minute)
MP: 96,792,330 (9679233 per minute)
SP: 64,414,280 (6441428 per minute)
AP: 191,552,430 (19155243 per minute)
VIT: 3,213,751
STR: 3,227,677
DEX: 3,220,714
END: 3,215,017

INT: 6,379,384
WIS: 6,385,081
MAG: 3,226,411
LUK: 3,213,751
CHA: 3,217,549
Credits: 5,017,976,511
21's body is pushed back as she tries to keep her footing.
"How… HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE!? WHERE DID YOU GAIN THIS KIND OF
POWER!?" She demands.
She glares at her prey with visible frustration before it turns into shock as he is
now standing in front of her, seemingly in an instant.
'W-When did he-' "GAH!" 21 arches forward as a leg embeds itself into her stomach before
she is sent flying off the palace gardens.
Emergency!
Extra Quest: Mad, Mad, Candy Machine
Android 21 is free, but has been completely consumed by her hunger. Don't let her get
away!
Objective: Defeat the Evil Android 21
Reward: 1,000,101 EXP, 941,012 Credits, Items, Skills Legendary Gacha Tokens
"Hm." My body is covered in a white aura before flying after her at impossible speeds.
Cell's eyes snap open and he quickly stands up, surprising everyone.
He turns to Cana and glares down at her. "Where's that pink bitch!?"
"Didn't you just get shot through the head!?" Cana points out.
"Something as floozy as that won't kill me." Cell told her before quickly turning to the void
beyond. "That bitch… how did she get so powerful so quickly!?"
"Asmodeus is taking care of her, but he told us not to interfere, which likely extends to you,"
Irene said, with Cell gritting his teeth but knowing he would unlikely be able to retaliate
against his fellow Bio-Android due to Asmodeus not only fighting her already but also due to
his order likely being upheld by his servant status, even if it only indirectly was given to him.
"Dammit!" Cell yells in anger.

Meanwhile, 21 stops her momentum just as she sees her prey arrive.
However, rather than be angry, the evil android simply smirks.
"Kicking me away so that I don't harm your little toys. How sweet." 21 said with faux
innocence. "You must realize how futile that gesture is, right?"
I don't say anything.
"Man of a few words, huh? Oh well, that's cool I guess." 21 shrugs before charging in with a
crazed smile.
She goes for a punch but I catch it midway and proceed to kneel her in the chest and use my
other hand to hit her with a powerful haymaker.
21 is sent flying by the haymaker, though she quickly regains control and flies right back
towards me.
"[Payback Over Requiem: The World]!" I activate my Stand, causing time to stand still,
which I immediately take advantage of by unleashing a barrage of attacks towards Android
21.
Once time resumed, Android 21 was once again blown back, but she eventually caught
herself.
"You may have a few tricks up your sleeve, but it means nothing in the end. I'm gonna enjoy
eating you!" 21 says.
"If you're that hungry, go to a restaurant." I said with a dead panned tone.
"No way!" 21 gives me the raspberry. "They're too tacky and expensive!"
"You're just saying that because you're broke as hell." I said.
"Shut up and die!" 21 yells and starts firing ki blasts at me.
I spread my arms wide creating a black barrier that deflects the barrage before I use Instant
Transmission to appear behind 21.
The android only has a second to react before she is pierced through the chest by a black
energy sword.
"Hm!" I swing my arm in rapid succession, tearing her body apart at a molecular level. I raise
my other arm and extend it forward, firing a black energy beam, eradicating the remains.
[Do you think she's dead?]
*PING!*
I jump forward just as a disembodied hand swings down.

I stare as a body quickly forms from the arm's stump, shifting and stretching until it becomes
21 again.
The immortal android looks up and I can feel the bloodlust, anger, as well as a ting of regular
lust coming from her eyes.
"That hurt…" 21 growls before a smile appears on her face. "I LOVE IT!"
[Huh, so she is both a sadist AND a masochist. Who knew]
"I hope that wasn't your strongest attack, because if it was…" She cracks her neck and sends
me a blank stare. "I'm gonna be really angry."
21 uses Instant Transmission to teleport in front of me and deliver a roundhouse kick sending
me flying right. She then uses it again to appear in above and slashes at me with two energy
blades as I use my hands to block them.
-21,688,000 Damage (-50%)
180,708,430/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-21,688,000 Damage (-50%)
169,864,430/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-21,688,000 Damage (-50%)
159,020,430/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-21,688,000 Damage (-50%)
148,176,430/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-21,688,000 Damage (-50%)
137,332,430/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
"Hmph!" My glows red as it releases a powerful energy wave that blows 21 away.
The evil android catches herself only to look up and see a red sphere in place of her prey.

"The hell!?" A befuddled 21 says as the sphere slowly breaks away.
Her prey looks sleeker, and much younger than he already is. His hair is now crimson red, but
doesn't stand up like a regular [Super Saiyan] transformation and his eyes and irises become
blood red.
"Ara, ara, I didn't think you could get any cuter, sweetie~" 21 coos as she struggles to keep
her body straight. "I can't sense your energy, but this pressure is something else."
"This is called [Super Saiyan God]. Usually, a ritual is required to unlock it. But I have no
need for it." I told her.
"[Super Saiyan God], sounds powerful." 21 licks her lips. She raises her hand and pink
energy begins to surge from her index finger. "I can't wait to eat it!" She points her finger and
shoots a stream to pink electricity.
"[Payback Over Requiem: Time is Erased]." The beam phases through me as I fly forward
and raise my hand up to her face. "Time returns its progression."
When time resumes, 21 sees a hand suddenly in front of her face and suddenly gets blasted
back by incoming air current.
21 catches herself while a look of shock is plastered on her face. 'How…? It's like every time
I get the upper hand, he somehow has something to always tip the scales back in his favor.'
"What's wrong? Don't tell me that's all you got?" I taunt.
21 tightly clenches her hands as her anger boils before calming down. 'I can't let him get
under my skin like this. I need to come up with a plan.' A smirk then forms on her face. 'And I
got just the thing~'
Energy builds up in her fingertips and she unleashes a barrage of dark pink lasers.
I dodge the barrage with ease, only to see the lasers make a U-turn and chase after me.
"..." I fire rapid ki blasts at the beams, but they simply break through them.
21 giggles. "You can't keep running, baby! You know my beams will keep track of you!"
'Is that so?' I turn around and the lasers follow towards my new target.
21's eyes widen as she quickly realizes what he's trying to do. "No way… are you that
desperate to take me down?" However, that was when she saw something unexpected.
She sees the boy split himself into two, with one flying up high while the other continues his
route towards her.
"!?" The android is too late to react and she is suddenly engulfed in the resulting explosion.

I stop to look down at the rising smoke. Though I knew she would easily survive, it didn't
stop a smile from forming on my face as she fell for my little trick.
When the smoke clears, it reveals Android 21 with a giant gaping hole in her abdomen,
though it quickly closes up until it is fully healed.
"Pretty clever, sweetie, I'll admit I didn't see that coming." 21 remarks before flashing me a
fanged grin. "Now, it's my turn."
She fires a ki blast before instantly vanishing from sight.
Recognizing the technique as Instant Transmission, I try to get a lock on her energy and when
I turn around, a purple tail suddenly wraps around my neck while 21 holds up her finger
chagrin with pink energy at its tip.
"Say, you like jawbreakers!?" Android 21 says as she hits me with her attack, causing a flash
of pink light that quickly disappears, only to reveal a floating red jawbreaker where I once
was.
The evil New-Type Android grabs the sweet confection and looks at it with visible hunger in
her eyes.
"Hehehe. Tasty~" She opens her mouth as she moves her hand closer in order to eat it.
But as the jawbreaker moves closer, it starts to… vibrate?
"What the-?" The android doesn't finish her inquiry as she suddenly punches herself, letting
go of the jawbreaker as she is sent flying.
21 catches herself and looks befuddled as the jawbreaker is now floating right in front of her.
"... now that I think about it. Yeah, I dig 'em." The Jawbreaker said.
21 jumps back, disbelief plastered on her face at the bizarre sight.
"... you've got to be kid-" But she doesn't finish as the jawbreaker hits her in the forehead,
making her body spin around.
The jawbreaker isn't done as it flies behind her and hits her head multiple times.
Evil 21 opens her mouth and catches the candy with her teeth. "Ha!"
"Aye, you wanna ride me that badly? Then how about I give you one." The Jawbreaker then
flies at the speed of light, taking 21 with her.
Everyone sees a streak of life flying around the base, understandably confused as to why this
is happening.
"Welp. That's enough for you." Jawbreaker suddenly and 21 is launched off as a result of the
momentum.

The evil android catches herself and turns to the transformed Gamer.
"How is this possible? You're just a piece of fucking candy!" 21 yells.
"Bitch, please. Pulling off shit like this is as easy as breathing to me. This isn't even in my top
20," I told her. "Now listen up, I'm gonna give you one last chance to give up, or this is gonna
get both painful and humiliating for you."
"As if I'm gonna give up to a jawbreaker!" Android 21 scoffed before trying to grab me, only
for me to evade her grasp and launch an attack straight to her face, followed by an immediate
strike at her abdomen, causing her to stagger in pain.
The jawbreaker begins to glow and in a flash I return to normal.
"Last chance. Give. Up." I demanded.
"You will pay…" 21 grits her teeth, her power cycling out of control. "YOU WILL PAY!
YOU WILL PAY! YOU WILL PAY!"
Her power explodes, unleashing a massive reddish aura that encapsulates this entire
dimension.
Back in the [Ruby Palace] everyone is held down by the intense pressure, unable to move.
"So this is full power. I have to say, I'm impressed." I remark before unleashing the full
power of [Super Saiyan God]. "This is gonna be fun."
"SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UUUUP! I'VE HAD ENOUGH!" 21 raves like a rabid
animal. "I'M GONNA ERASE YOU FROM EXISTENCE!"
"HAAAAAH!" I exert more power, expanding my aura exceeding hers.
"CANDY, CANDY, CANDYYYYY!" 21 declares as she cups her hands back and gathers
power.
I launch myself straight towards Android 21.
"HAAA!" She fires a Majin Kamehameha the size of a planet.
I stare blankly at the massive beam and get engulfed by it.
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" 21 laughs maniacally as she watches the idiot dive into
her attack.
Her laughter suddenly cuts off as she watches the bastard fly through her attack like it's
nothing!
"IMPOSSIBLE!" 21 cries in disbelief as she is seeing. "JUST DIE ALREADY!" She puts
more power into her attack, making it the size of a Red Giant.

-58,900,148 Damage (-50%)
162,102,356/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-58,900,148 Damage (-50%)
132,652,282/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-58,900,148 Damage (-50%)
103,202,208/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-58,900,148 Damage (-50%)
73,752,134/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-58,900,148 Damage (-50%)
44,302,060/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-58,900,148 Damage (-50%)
14,851,986/191,552,430 AP
128,550,040/128,550,040 HP
-58,900,148 Damage (-50%)
0/191,552,430 AP
113,951,952/128,550,040 HP
I reel my right arm back as I fly closer to her and launch my fist forward. "SUPER
DRAGON FIST!"
21 can only watch in disbelief as a massive golden dragon appears and moves forward,
swallowing her entire attack in the process.
"Impossi-!" She doesn't finish as the dragon opens its mouth and eats her whole.
What occurs next is a gigantic explosion that causes ripples across this pocket dimension.

From the smoke, a human 21 is seen falling, unconscious and heading straight towards the
void.
I use Instant Transmission to appear a few feet below her and catch her bridal style.
Skill Level Up!
[Movement Mastery LVL. 96/100]
Quests Complete!
Quest: Defend the Stronghold!
Objective (Complete): Defeat the New Seven Sins of Purgatory
Bonus Objective (Complete): Free the girls from Rustyrose's brainwashing (6/6)
Reward: 654,788 EXP, 601,237 Credits, Item, Skill, Legendary Gacha Token
Extra Quest: Mad, Mad, Candy Machine
Objective (Complete): Defeat the Evil Android 21
Reward: 1,000,101 EXP, 941,012 Credits, Items, Skills, Legendary Gacha Tokens
Level Up(x17)!
You have acquired the following:
[Rogue Shadow] - Rank: EX
A unique ship used by Galen Marek, AKA Starkiller, from Star Wars: The Force
Unleashed. The most advanced and state-of-the-art starship ever designed, boasting
unparalleled speed, stealth, endurance, and offensive capabilities, along with the best
medical technology and advanced supercomputer systems. With a large cargo bay that
can hold over 15 tons and the capacity to hold a year's worth of food supply, it is the
ultimate spaceship for any adventure, mission, or battle.
[Potion of All-Potential] - Rank: EX
A potion that, once drunk, unlocks a person's full potential.
[Alchemy LVL. 1/10]
The power to use the esoteric science of alchemy. Allows an individual to transmute
and/combine any substance, material, form of matter, or even abstract concepts into
new forms and applications as well as creating life or becoming immortal. They can
create potions and magic items with unique abilities. Alchemists can also mentally
manipulate the shape and size of the materials they touch, or even from great distance.
[Marksmanship LVL. 1/10]

The user becomes an adept master of all long ranged weapons, including bows &
arrows, Guns, blasters, etc. Also significantly boosts the user's accuracy to increase
likelihood of hitting a target. The higher the level and the higher the LUK stat, the
greater likelihood of hitting targets regardless of difficulty
Legendary Gacha Token(x4)
"Let's see what I can get." I use the tickets I got along with the others.
You have acquired the following from the Legendary Gacha Tokens:
[Charitable Patron]
Allows you to copy a perk or skill and transfer it to another without limit and can
decide if the recipient should only receive skills at a certain level so long as said level
doesn't exceed your current level. Also allows the user to take back any bestowed Perks
or Skills. Note: Perks or Skills that are intrinsic to the Gamer like "Gamer's Body",
"Gamer's Mind", "Observe", "ID: Create", "ID: Escape", and "Inventory" cannot be
copied and bestowed to other individuals.
Perk [Beseecher] has been swapped for [Charitable Patron].
[Savant Polymath]
Grants you exceptional talent and an intuitive mastery in various fields, from seemingly
mundane fields and talents like cooking or teaching or art to more versatile skills like
mathematics, engineering, science, medicine, politics, etc.
[Mate Mark]
The user can mark any female with max affection for the user and has romantic and/or
sexual feelings for him, not only permanently solidifying said relationship but also
granting all manner of additional benefits to the females, including but not limited to:
enhanced beauty, immunity to mind control, resurrection, private telepathic
communication that transcends time and space, instant transportation between user
and marked mates, the ability to locate one another regardless of distance or any
attempts to mask the marked individual's location, enhanced stat growth and level-up
rate, an exponential boost to talent and potential, and higher likelihood to attain unique
additional abilities and skills.
It will also significantly boost sexual pleasure and increase the libido of marked females,
with a high likelihood of becoming akin to an otherwise healthy borderline nympho.
[Senzu Bean] - Rank: A (x5)
A magic bean that fully replenishes HP, MP, SP, AP, CP, etc upon consumption and fully
heals all injuries, wounds, diseases, poisons, and other conditions short of death, even
capable of regenerating lost limbs and organs, along with easing any sense of hunger or
mental exhaustion. Can also be used to grow Senzu plants for more Senzu Beans.

[Max-level Skill Token] - Rank: EX (x7)
A magic token that raises any chosen skill to its max level and potentially evolves it if
has a higher form.
[Ultra Instinct LVL. 1/10]
A very rare and highly advanced mental state. It is notorious among the gods for being
exceptionally difficult to master, even for them. The ultimate technique, which severs
the link between consciousness and body, Allowing one to dodge any attack
subconsciously. effectively allows for each and every part of the user's body to think and
move independently of all the other parts, as opposed to how a person normally has to
think about their movements beforehand and let the command travel from the brain
and through the nervous system, a sequence which wastes precious fighting time, as
command signals only travel through the nerves so fast. With each part of the body able
to think and act on its own, the user of this technique is able to automatically react to
any situation or threat with the perfect move with perfect timing. They don't even need
to acknowledge the threat; meaning the user can still fight effectively, even if they are
focusing on something else.
Cost 300,000 SP to activate
[Energy Manipulation LVL. 1/10]
The user can create, shape, and manipulate energy, the capacity or ability to cause
change or do work, one of the most basic quantitative properties of a system, such as an
object or a field of energy. With how much energy influences as a whole, it can
potentially be the ultimate superpower. One who can control energy is probably limited
by their vitality & imagination.
Cost 45,000 SP to activate
[Psionic Manipulation LVL. 1/10]
Users of this skill possess a multitude of psychic abilities and powers in various forms
such as; psychokinesis, telepathy, extrasensory perception, teleportation, etc. These
abilities are considered supernatural phenomena related to psychological attributes of
consciousness, such as the emotional and (possibly) spiritual.
Cost 30,000 SP to activate
"God damn, look at these prizes!" I said as I looked at their descriptions. "These skills are
gonna be ridiculously useful, not to mention the Senzu beans and the Max-Level Skill tokens.
And those perks will help a lot in improving everyone and my overall talent in any situation."
[No shit, Ultra Instinct in particular is gonna be really useful]
"Although, I'm surprised I got another harem and sex-related perk." I said with a sweatdrop.
"The benefits are undeniable and it will go a long way in helping any girls I enter a

relationship with, though the last part is baffling."
[For all we know, it's probably the multiverse or some deity trying to tell you that you
need to start having more sex, you lazy prick. You named yourself after a sex demon for
crying out loud!]
"Oh, shut up." I said.
*CRACK!*
"Hm?" I look up and my eyes shoot wide open.
Cracks begin to appear everywhere and break apart, revealing a white void.
"Oh shit." I mumbled.
[It must be because of the battle. The combined power output from the two of you must
have destabilized this entire dimension!]
The cracks spread fast and quickly use Instant Transmission to teleport directly in front of
everyone.
"Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish leaps forward but I stop her in midair with telekinesis.
"There's no time. We gotta get out here before this dimension implodes!" I told them. "Grab
everyone and get inside!"
With that, everyone runs inside just as pieces of the pocket dimension fall where they stood.
The perspective switches to everyone running inside the control room (AN: It's the control
room from the Fortress of Doom).
The girls are in awe at the sight of the futuristic yet medieval room as Asmodeus runs to the
main control panel.
"Handles. I need a status update." I order as I maneuver the controls.
The view switches to show light coming from the fast growing cracks.
"THE DIMENSIONAL LINE IS CRUMBLING. IMPLOSION IMMINENT."
"Then we'll just have to use Chaos Control." I said as I maximize the power cycling.
"WARNING: DIMENSIONAL TRANSFERENCE OF THAT SCALE HAS NOT BEEN
TESTED. STRUCTURAL INTEGRITY MAY BE COMPROMISED."
"Sometimes jumping in blindly is the real test." I remark as I press the final switch.
Emerald Altar
The Master Emerald begins to glow as do the other three Chaos Emeralds.

The Etherious stationed all watch as the entire chamber comes to life, with the sounds of
machines groaning and revving coming from everywhere.
"... Is that supposed to happen?" Tempester asks.
Lamy was the most concerned, having seen a similar reaction in the past. "Asmodeussama…"
Control Room
The room begins to glow as everyone begins to see afterimages of themselves before their
vision begins to warp.
"What's happening!?" Ur screams out.
"I think I'm gonna hurl…" Cana groans as she covers her mouth.
"ENGINES ACTIVATING." Handles announced.
"Asmodeus-sama!?" Brandish yells.
"Hang onto something!" I yelled.
The entire structure begins to glow and instantly vanishes just as the entire dimension is
covered in white.
In the realm of Earthland, flying above the city of Drameel on the continent of Guiltina, a
large structure appeared unbeknownst to the inhabitants below.
The top part of the structure appeared to be an extravagant palace made of the highest quality
ruby, but the overwhelming majority of it resembled a hill-like structure made of iron-andstone with unique groove designs all around it. Underneath it were jagged spikes resembling
stalactites, and extending from the fortress were propellers keeping it suspended in the sky
The people were obviously surprised and terrified by the sudden appearance of the massive
structure suspended just above the city. Panic takes hold and the people begin to lose their
minds, acting erratically and causing collateral damage.
But for a certain guild on the other hand…
"Holy shit! Where did that come from!?" Gray exclaims in shock and awe.
"Hold me, Gray-sama!" Juvia leaps to hug her beloved only for Gray to quickly avoid her.
"I wish I had a flying castle…" Laxus whispers under his breath.
"Kind of reminds me of Phantom Lord a little." Gajeel comments.
"And I thought I've seen everything." Makarov said.

"Whoa, why don't we have something cool like that?" Natsu asks and gets smacked in the
head.
"Would you stay focused for two seconds, Natsu? We need to come up with a plan." Erza told
him.
"Plan? We already have a plan: hit it till it breaks!" Natsu declares with a determined grin.
"Aye, sir!" Happy chimes in.
Erza looks at the floating structure and can't help but feel a sense of déjà vu.
"Erza?" Lucy asks as she notices her friend's intense stare.
Natsu then turns to his Exceed partner. "Let's go, Happy!"
"Yeah!" Happy nods and grabs Natsu's back.
However, before the two fly away, a green portal appears in front of them and Cana, Mira,
Asmodeus, Irene, and Seilah appear before them.
"What's up, dudes? Did ya miss us?" Cana asks with her signature grin.
"Cana-chan!" A happy-crying Gildarts jumps out of the crowd and descends towards his
daughter. "I was so worried about you!"
Cana leans to the side, avoiding her father and letting him land head-first into the ground
hard.
"Cana-chan's so mean…" Gildarts groaned.
"Mira-nee!" Lisanna and Elfman jump in and hug their big sister. "We were so worried when
we couldn't find you!"
"It's okay. I should have told you before I left, I'm sorry." Mira says returning the hug.
"Sorry for the sudden appearance," Everyone turns to the serious Asmodeus. "But we need to
talk."
Author Notes
And that's another chapter closed. I bet none of you were expecting that.
Rustyrose went from being someone sophisticated to a full-blown psycho-rapist, even going
as far as bringing Lucy's mother back from the dead just to satisfy his sexual urges for the
Celestial Mage. He has slowly become increasingly unhinged after the timeskip, and
Meredy's rejection of rebuilding Grimoire Heart and his defeat at the hands of Crime Sorcière
further sent him into madness.

After the fall of Tartaros, he was recruited by the Alvarez Empire where he trained under
August and gained his Copy Magic and mastery in countless forms of magic in an attempt to
surpass him and then studied Alchemy in Gold Owl, but went rogue and took their Chaos
Emerald.
What happened to him there or how he got his hands on a Chaos Emerald will be explored in
future.
Then there's the appearance of a third party, watching the MC's progress and wanting to see
his limits (if you already know who they are, don't say anything).
But that's all the exposition I'm gonna give. Leave a comment (good, bad, I don't care)
Later nerds!

Chapter 25: Fairy Tail: Training and Summoning
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime.
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
*BOOM*
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
In a white void, sonic booms can be heard raging like a powerful thunderstorm.
"HAAAA!" Cell rushes in with his right arm forward.
"HAAAA!" I follow suit with my left arm.
The two fists clash, creating a massive shockwave that sends ripples across the white void.
The guild members of Fairy Tail as well as the harem brace themselves and hang onto dear
life as they are almost blown out of the world.
"Not bad, Cell. You seem to have gotten stronger." I remark.
"I could say the same to you, even though you are still wearing those accursed shackles." Cell
says as the perspective shows the golden shackles on my wrist and ankles.
"You'll never be able to control your power with those annoying handicaps." He said.
My expression furrows. "You know very well why I can't, Cell."

I glance at the central building where Fairy Tail is watching.
"Worth a shot." Cell shrugs. "But enough of that. How about we this little spar up a notch?"
I pull back and concentrate, exerting my God Ki and transform into my [Super Saiyan
God] form.
"Just as I thought, but don't worry 'master'," Cell transforms into his [Super Perfect] state.
"I'll match your god form with THIS!"
"Sure, go right ahead! I'll still kick your ass!" I yell and the two of us continue fighting.
A Few Hours Earlier
Everyone looks at us like we're all grown two heads or something.
"Where were you guys!? We were worried sick when we couldn't find you anywhere!?" Droy
exclaims.
"And where did you all get that THING!?" Jet points to the fortress. (AN: I'll be calling it
Aincrad instead of Ruby Palace from now on)
"How about we all head inside first, yeah? I'll tell you everything there." I suggested.
They all agreed and we entered the inn, where I took a seat and started telling them what's
happened so far.
Needless to say, if the giant flying fortress wasn't shocking enough, my story certainly was.
"Well… that's something." Gajeel remarks.
"To think… Grimoire Heart is really back." Erza grits her teeth as her anger rises.
"Well, it's one guy, but yes." I said.
"This is very disturbing, indeed. To think Petch's dark legacy still haunts us today." Makarov
grabs tightly to the edges of his seat.
Jellal and Gray were shocked about what happened to Ultear. His description of Rustyrose's
story didn't help either.
"... what happened to Meredy? Was she with them?" A mortified Jellal asks.
"No. She wasn't there. But I get the feeling he already got his claws on her." I said.
"Man, I wish I was there to fight those chicks. Right, Lu-" But Natsu doesn't finish as he is
quickly pushed aside by Lucy.
Lucy walks straight towards me and slams her hands on the table.
"WHERE IS MY MOTHER!?" Lucy demands, her expression a mix of horror and anger.

"... up back in the [Aincrad]. With the others." I calmly replied.
"TAKE ME THERE. NOW!" Lucy orders.
A hand is slowly raised within the crowd.
"Um…" Everyone turns to Wendy. "Should we be worried? I mean… the way you talked
sounded like it was the end of the world."
"Look, it's not overselling it to say that the fate of the universe is at stake." I said.
Everyone looks at me with bated breath for his next words.
"... but?" Max asked.
"That's pretty much it." I said.
"WE'RE SCREWED!" The entire guild screamed out.
[Jeez, for a guild known for its optimistic mindset and track record of defying the odds,
this seems rather out of character]
'Can you blame them, Tobi? I just told them that the world's ending. Anyone would react like
that. Not even Acnologia could pull off something like that.' I thought.
[Still, I didn't expect the reveal to hit them THIS hard]
"Okay everybody, calm down. This isn't exactly the time to lose your shit." I told the guild.
"Then what's your plan, genius!?" Jet asks.
"Simple: we go to Grimoire Heart's hideout and kick their asses!" I exclaim.
"That's not a plan! That's just you pulling a Natsu!" Evergreen yells.
"Yeah, that's ri-HEY!" Natsu yells.
"Okay, fine." I huff. "My real plan is to use the time we have now to train." I reveal.
"According to the information I extracted, Rustyrose plans to enact his plan during a Lunar
Eclipse, which is six days from now."
"Why a Lunar Eclipse?" Levy asks.
"Because under normal circumstances, the universal reset would affect even him." I revealed.
"However, he can theoretically survive with the aid of [Moon Dragon Slayer Magic], which
is why Rustyrose had attacked and kidnapped the Moon Dragon God for his plans, as said
Magic will be at its peak during a Lunar Eclipse."
The mages of Fairy Tail were digesting the information on the timeline they had left.

"I still can't believe you and Selene are actually allies. Why didn't you tell us before,
especially since you knew about the [100-Year Quest]?" Wendy asked, causing everyone to
look back at me.
"I wasn't trying to hide it from you all, but knowing what you all had to go through with
Aldoron, I thought it would be best if I didn't mention her." I said.
"So, what's she like?" Gildarts asks with a perverse grin.
[Of course the womanizing old geezer would be interested]
"Well, she isn't perfect or innocent, and can be pretty cryptic about a lot of things but she's
reliable and a pretty good teacher." I explained. "And while she doesn't outright hate
humanity, she doesn't love them either. In fact, she's very curious about certain aspects of
human life, and is only a danger to humanity if provoked. Or if you're from Diabolos."
"Is she hot?" Gildarts continues.
I smiled. "You have no idea."
"Woohoo!" Gildarts cheered.
"Too bad she's already seeing someone." I added.
"Oh…" Gildarts hunches over in a corner completely depressed.
Cana just sighs. "Idiot…"
"Why would she hate those guys?" Natsu, ever the blockhead, asked.
My expression turns serious. "Because some of the dragons those morons ate were her kids.
They killed her children and ate their flesh to gain [Dragon Slayer Magic]."
Upon hearing this, all the Fairy Tail mages couldn't help but pity and sympathize with the
Moon Dragon God, not blaming her for any remaining hostility towards humanity, as any
person who endured something like that would understandably be hostile towards humanity,
and were therefore thankful that he revealed that Selene had no malevolent intentions towards
humanity.
Even Natsu and Wendy, who are both Dragon Slayers that took the quest to stop the Dragon
Gods, were shocked at the news.
"Look, it's fine. You all didn't know. But you should likely never mention this in front of
Selene." I warned them. "At the end of the day, she's still a dragon and she has her pride. She
won't hesitate to kill you if you show her any form of pity."
"R-Right." Wendy nods in agreement as do the rest of the guild.
"Now then," I stand up from my chair as a green portal appears. "Let's start the tour, shall
we?"

With that, everyone walks through the portal and ends up in the portal room.
Though Wendy, Natsu, Laxus, and Gajeel start throwing up the moment they set foot in the
base.
"Right. I forgot to take into account their motion sickness." I grimace as I watch them throw
up.
"Ew, gross Natsu!" Lucy shrieked.
[Argh, and they got it all on the glass form too!]
"Hang on, I got this." I walk up to Natsu and Gajeel and grab their shoulders.
[Chaos Energy] surges through my hands and travels throughout their bodies, augmenting
them so that they no longer suffer from motion sickness.
"Hey… the nausea stopped." Gajeel straightens himself, feeling completely fine. "I'm
standing in a vehicle, but I'm okay!"
I proceed to do the same to Wendy and Laxus.
"Thank you…" Wendy weakly said.
"Yeah…" Laxus said.
"Don't mention it, I'm a man of my word after all." I told them.
"Oh thank god, the nightmare is over!" Natsu yells, though he was promptly hit in the head
by Lucy.
"Knock it off Natsu!" Lucy says before looking at me. "Please take me to my mother, now!"
"Of course, follow me. Layla and the others should be in the Sick Bay." I told her as I guided
the members of Fairy Tail to the Sick Bay.
As we walk through the white halls, we run into the massive body of Torafuzar.
"You!?" Gajeel exclaims in shock.
Torafuzar blinks, his expression ever neutral. "... I see you are doing well, dragon slayer."
The fairies get ready to fight until Mira and Cana step in.
"Stop! He's on our side!" Mira tells them.
"Yeah, he's a good guy now!" Cana adds.
"..." Everyone stares at the two before lowering their guard.
"If it's any consolation, I apologize." Torafuzar said.

Gajeel steps forward, staring at the shark demon right in the eyes. "I want a rematch."
"... very well. I know a place. Follow me." Torafuzar agrees and walks towards the opposite
end of the hall.
The Iron Dragon Slayer quickly follows after him. "Later guys!"
I sweat drop. "Well, that didn't take long. Not even five minutes in and we already have
someone wandering off."
"Asmodeus-sama!" I hear Lamy's cute voice and she tackles me into a hug.
I look up to see Larcade and Tempester approaching me, though they stopped upon seeing the
Fairy Tail mages.
"You brought all of Fairy Tail?" Larcade asks.
"Yes. With the current situation being so dire, I thought it'd be best to bring them here." I told
them. "Remember, as long as you genuinely renounce your past malevolent stance towards
humanity and don't threaten the members of Fairy Tail, you won't have to worry about
fighting them again."
"Whatever." Tempester whispers under his breath. "I would rather be fighting other humans
anyway."
"You know, for someone who has a terrible memory, you are a major asshole." I bluntly point
out.
"Hmph." Tempester huffs and leaves.
"Natsu." Larcade's voice rings out, getting everyone's attention as they stare at the Etherious,
who was looking at Natsu.
"Wait, it's you! Didn't Zeref kill you?!" Natsu asked in shock.
"He did, but I revived him, along with Tempester and Kyôka. I thought they would be a great
addition to my team." I told the salmon-haired Dragon Slayer before looking at the others.
"That other demon didn't seem all that enthusiastic about it." Bickslow said.
"I have faith he'll warm up to his new position. And if not, well…" I let out a bit
of [Bloodlust] and smiled. "I'll put him in his place."
The guild members flinch at the oppressive feeling before it quickly vanishes.
"But enough of that," I gesture to the White Dragneel. "This is Larcade Dragneel, a former
member of the Spriggan 12 of the Alvarez Empire."
Everyone was shocked at the revelation that the person in front of them was a former
Spriggan, which meant he was one of the strongest individuals in all of Earthland. Though

the last name in particular caught everyone's attention.
"Wait, Larcade's last name is Dragneel?" Cana asks in surprise, before looking at Natsu. "Are
you guys related? Because I can see some resemblance."
"The long answer is rather complicated, but you could say that he is Natsu's nephew, the 'son'
of the Black Wizard, Zeref Dragneel himself." I answered, much to the shock of everyone.
"Wait, he's Zeref's SON?! And did you say he's Natsu's nephew?! And since when is Zeref's
last name Dragneel?!" Gildarts asked in shock.
"Since forever, it's just that history was too busy painting him as an inhuman monster that
everyone forgot about it." I said. "But nevertheless, Natsu is Zeref's younger brother and
technically the reason why Zeref became the most infamous Dark Mage of all time." I
revealed, further shocking everyone.
"Natsu, you and Zeref are BROTHERS?!" Cana yelled.
"Apparently. And according to him, he revived me as an Etherious when I died as a child,
making me E.N.D. as well." Natsu nonchalantly said, further shocking everyone.
"WHY ARE YOU SO CALM ABOUT THIS!?" The guild exclaims.
"C'mon guys, this stuff is old news anyways." Gray chimes in.
"YOU KNEW!?"
"I knew, too." Lucy adds.
"I also kinda knew." Wendy said.
"I knew from the beginning that Natsu was a demon." Happy proudly proclaims.
"You were just as much in the dark as I was!" Lucy snapped at his claim.
"You know, I never had a nephew before." Natsu looks up and down at Larcade before
smirking. "Wanna fight?"
"You just found out you have a relative and the first thing you do is challenge them to a
fight?" Macao says with a dead panned tone.
"Well, it wouldn't be Natsu if he didn't." Wakaba said.
"A fight…?" Larcade looks surprised by the challenge before smiling. "I would love to,
uncle."
"Sweet! And call me Natsu, 'uncle' makes me sound old." Natsu said.
[Isn't he technically half a millennium old?]
"Okay, let's go!" Natsu grabs Larcade and the two run off. "Let's go, Happy!"

"Aye, sir!" Happy cheers and flies beside Natsu
"Hey, get back here! NATSU!" Lucy screamed but the three were already gone.
"And that makes two. I'm starting to think this was a bad idea." I sigh before shifting my
attention to the rabbit demon. "Lamy. Where are the others?"
"Brandish and Ur are checking on the women we rescued from Rustyrose, they should be in
the Sick Bay as well." Lamy replied. "Kyôka-sama went off to explore the fortress. She
wanted to see if there was anything left of our old guild."
'Yeah, good luck with that.' "And Cell?" I ask.
"Training, I think. I'm not really sure. He just stands alone in his room with his arms
crossed." Lamy comments.
"I see. We should get going, though I would prefer if most of you didn't separate like Natsu
and Gajeel did. This place can be a maze if you don't have a guide." I told the others.
"Don't worry about those two, I'll scold them both later." Erza told me in a reassuring tone.
"Now, will you please take us to my mother?!" Lucy asked in a pleading tone.
"Right, this way." I said and we all went our way.
We made our way up, riding the elevator and through the silver hallway until we arrived at
our destination.
The doors slide open to reveal a long room that stretches far into the back. There are
computer-like screens as well as healing pods and other pieces of equipment and items used
to treat different ailments and injuries.
"MOM!" Lucy runs towards the farthest bed and sees Layla sleeping soundly on it with
Anna's bed just next to her.
"Y-You're really here… I-I d-don't…" She breaks down and cries beside her bed.
"So that's really her mother. If I didn't know any better, I'd think the three were sisters instead
of mother and ancestor." Cana remarks before Mira hits her head. "Ow!"
"Have some courtesy, Cana. Lucy is going through a lot of emotions right now." Mira told
her.
"Okay (Geez, restrain much?)." Cana groaned.
Gray and Jellal look around and eventually find Ur sitting beside her unconscious daughter.
"Ur." Gray said.
The ice mage turns to the two and smiles. "About time you idiots showed up."

"So it's true. Ultear is back." Jellal says in a grateful tone.
"How is she?" Gray asks his former mentor.
"For now, she is just resting." Ur looks at her daughter's sleeping face. "Asmodeus-kun said
that while he was able to reverse the brainwashing, reversing the various enhancements could
have potentially lethal consequences. So whatever changes that sick bastard made to their
bodies are likely permanent."
"I can't believe Rustyrose would fall to such disgusting levels." Jellal said in an angry tone.
"Believe me, you're not alone, and I'm gonna castrate that fucker before I kill him for
everything he has done." Ur replied in a dark tone.
"Count me in, sensei. Knowing that asshole will try to get his hands on Juvia, makes me more
pumped to see him reduced to a bloody pulp." Gray told her.
Lamy and I walk towards two healing pods, where Androids 18 and 21 can be seen inside.
"How are the two Android girls?" I asked Lamy.
"They were both already fully healed and their brainwashing fully reversed thanks to you,
and I've detected no anomalies in their bodies, DNA, or nanotech systems." Lamy answered.
"I've already administered the limited infusion of [Chaos Energy] into Android 21 with the
explicit intent of ensuring her body and mind are both stable and strengthened to prevent any
sort of biological or psychological instability, and so far there have been no issues, though the
real test comes upon them awakening."
"Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish's voice called out before she hugged me in a vice-like grip,
pressing her large breasts against my chest. "Dimaria-chan still hasn't woken up, but
according to Lamy, both she and Layla-sama should make a full recovery!"
"I imagine that would be the case." I answered her.
"But, I'm worried. What's stopping Rustyrose from controlling them again." A concerned
Brandish blurs out.
"There's nothing to worry about, my little spriggan." I turned around before lifting Brandish's
chin with one hand while the other hand went to her back on her lower waist, just barely
above her ass.
"I made sure to place a few mental safeguards in order to ensure they won't fall victim to it
again. I'm sure both the experience of whatever experiments that bastard put them through
has taken its toll, so right now they just need to adjust and recover. You have my word that
Dimaria, along with the other girls, will get my full support as they adjust to their changes
and get back on their feet." I explained to her.
Tears began to trail down Brandish's face. "Asmodeus-sama is so kind! Even if I didn't
already swear my loyalty to you, I would do everything in my power to repay you for this! I
promise to properly thank you later."

Before I can reply, Brandish pulls me into a passionate kiss, our tongues dancing together
before we separated with a thin trail of saliva.
"Hey! I wanna kiss Asmodeus-sama, too!" Lamy grabs my gi and pulls me down before
giving me a long french kiss full of pent-up lust.
We separate and Lamy starts to giggle. "You taste so good, Asmodeus-sama~"
"I see everyone is in such a happy mood." Irene's voice catches my attention, turning to see
her, Erza, Mirajane, Cana, and Seilah approaching me, with the rest of the mages of Fairy
Tail trailing behind them.
"Yeah. Quite the turnaround from a few hours ago, ain't it?" I said.
"Still, we should not celebrate so prematurely. Rustyrose is still out there." Seilah points out.
"To think August's former student would use his teachings for such a foul and fiendish
purpose. He must be rolling in his grave right now." Irene grimaced.
"And he doesn't seem intent on stopping." I said with a dark expression. "The way he looked
at you girls, along with how he spoke about Erza and Lucy, makes it clear he intends to
continue, and not just with each of you but likely the other females of Fairy Tail and who
knows who else." I say while looking at the female members of Fairy Tail, who all had dark
expressions of rage and disgust at the reminder of Rustyrose's goals.
"As much as I would like to immediately hunt down that piece of shit and tear him apart, you
said we were gonna use the next six days to train to prepare, right?" Mira asked. As much as
she would like to immediately go and hunt down after Rustyrose, she knew that she was
unlikely to stand a chance in her current state, the sense of fear and panic she felt when
Rustyrose almost got his hands on her before my intervention was fresh on her mind.
"Indeed." I confirmed before looking at Lamy. "Lamy, how are the enhancement vegetables
and Senzu Beans growing in the greenhouse I set up?"
I had set up a greenhouse to plant the seeds of the stat-boosting vegetables I got from
defeating Aldoron, along with my recently acquired Senzu beans. I had a trickling stream
of [Chaos Energy] from the Emerald Altar directed to it to both multiply their growth and
production along with passively strengthening their effects.
"All of the crops have fully matured and are producing healthy vegetables." Lamy informed
me. "The smaller ones were re-planted to produce more plants while the larger ones were
collected so we now have a steady supply of them. Why do you ask?"
"Because chances are that we will all need them in addition to the intense training we will
need to undergo in the next few days." I reply before looking back at everyone else. "I'm
gonna help you guys get stronger, not just in magic, but also in physical
capabilities, [Aura] usage and [Semblance] mastery, and I will also personally see to it that
all of you are trained in martial arts and Ki usage."I list down. "Considering how powerful

these 6 girls were, along with the likelihood of Rustyrose having other powerful Ki users,
you guys are gonna need it."
"Ki? What is Ki?" Levy asked in confusion.
"It's another form of power, just like [Magic], [Aura], and [Curse] power." I revealed,
raising my hand and forming a blue energy sphere suspended in the air. "It's the energy
derived from one's life force and it has a variety of different uses such as flight, clairvoyance,
and so on."
"That's so cool!" Romeo exclaims.
"So, when do we get started? I can't wait to get a power-up!" Gildarts asks.
"Indeed. I would give a demonstration, but this is hardly the appropriate location." I noted
before I remembered something. "By the way, before we start training, I think I need to give
something to Makarov and Erza."
The two named individuals blinked in surprise and briefly made eye contact with each other
before stepping forward towards me.
"What is it?" Erza asked in curiosity.
Rather than answering, I used the [Celestial Engineer] perk to create two devices that
resembled remote detonators with buttons on them, after which I gave one to each of them.
"These devices can reverse destruction and collateral damage in surrounding areas, resetting
it to what it was before." I explained. "Ki is one of the greatest forms of power of all time, but
it's also capable of extensive destruction and damage with no upper limit depending on the
strength of the user. And given that Fairy Tail is already admittedly notorious for collateral
damage, especially in regards to certain members (which almost everyone present), you guys
are gonna need it." I said. "I caught a glimpse of Natsu's newfound strength and trust me, he
is more devastating than ever before so make sure to have that in hand at all times."
Makarov and Erza's eyes widened in surprise before reverently taking the newly created
devices.
"Asmodeus, you truly are a miracle worker! To think you could create something like this
and give it to us! Thank you so much!" Makarov cried, with tears streaming down his face,
and Erza wasn't much better.
I can't help but sweat drop at their reactions, though I ultimately couldn't blame them.
[They WILL need it, as who knows HOW destructive Fairy Tail will get now?]
"Now then, I should get everything ready." I turn to Lamy. "Lamy, could you lead everyone
to the lobby and have them wait there?"
"Sure, master!" Lamy exclaims.

"Where are you going?" A confused Erza asks.
"Well, considering the stakes and limited amount of time we have to train, coupled with the
amount of space we'll need to do said train, I figured we would need a specialized training
area that I don't currently have, which means I'll have to create it myself." I told her. "Don't
worry it won't take long, so I would prefer it if you all wait in the Lobby in the meantime."
"Asmodeus, would it be okay if I stay here?" Lucy asks. "Even if it's unlikely that any of
them will wake up anytime soon, I wanna stay here with my mom for the time being."
"Me too, Asmodeus-sama! I would prefer to stay close to Layla-sama and Dimaria-chan!"
Brandish states.
"The same with me regarding my daughter." Ur followed up, with Gray, Juvia, and Jellal
standing next to her.
"Of course, you may stay here for as long as you like. Just try not to get in Lamy's way when
she examines them. Despite how she acts, she values her personal space." I informed them.
They all nod.
With that, I made my way out of the room.
"Okay! Follow me everyone!" Lamy guides everyone out of the Sick Bay.
The guild is led downwards and they reach a large lavish-looking room with red velvet
drapes and furniture as well as a bar and a fridge full of drinks and snacks.
They quickly settle in and start chatting, but it quickly escalates to dancing, eating, drinking,
and fighting which results in a huge mess.
The door opens and Asmodeus walks in.
"Hey, I hope you all di-WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU ALL DOING!?" I yelled.
Everyone suddenly turns towards me with a shocked expression.
[This is Fairy Tail. Did you truly think that you being a valued friend to them would
exempt you from their eccentric antics?]
I pinched the bridge of my nose and let out a sigh.
"I'm so sorry, Asmodeus-kun. I tried to stop them before it got to this point." Erza stepped
forward and apologized.
"It's times like this that I forget Fairy Tail's reputation. And even when I pointed out this
palace belonged to you, they wouldn't stop." Seilah sighed.
"Even if Fairy Tail's quirks do eventually grow on you, I still find their antics quite
exasperating. I did warn and threaten them to stop, but since I didn't want to leave any serious

injuries and since you wished to train them to become stronger, there was only so much I
could do." Irene admitted.
I let out another sigh, before I used POR's [Return to Zero] to revert everything back to
normal.
"Never mind that, just follow me." I told them, leading them to the new area I had just
created.
I wasn't that far either, just two floors below this one.
On the way to the elevator, we ran into Gajeel, Natsu, Larcade, and Torafuzar. The four
looked pretty beat up, especially Larcade with his face completely swollen.
Despite his immense magical power, he was essentially a glass cannon with abysmal physical
strength.
He did look pretty happy though, despite the pain.
After a quick heal, I led them out of the elevator and towards something that everyone wasn't
expecting.
A brown, ornate-looking wooden door. Complete with a bronze door knob.
"Here it is. Frankly, it took longer than expected." I remark.
"What's so special about a door?" Natsu asked.
"It's what is behind the door that is special, and you'll understand why." I replied.
I turn the doorknob and open the door, only to see nothing but white.
"Go on." I said.
The guild slowly walks forward, stepping past the threshold and finding themselves in some
kind of living quarters with a large fridge, a kitchen, a bath, and a bedroom with four beds.
Beyond that is an expansive white fluorescent void that stretches as far as the eye can see
without end as well as a breathable atmosphere.
Everyone looks around in shock and awe as they take in their bizarre surroundings.
"What is this place?" Makarov asks.
"Welcome to the Hyperbolic Time Chamber. An entire dimension separate from normal
space." I declare. "Here, you can train to your heart's content without having to worry about
collateral damage."
"It's… bigger on the inside!" Carla said.
'YES!' I smile before clasping my hands together with joy. 'Someone said it!'

"How is this possible?" Erza asks.
"Dimensional engineering." I replied.
Levy gives me a skeptic look. "You can't engineer dimensions."
"Maybe you can't." I said. "But stuff like this is child's play for me."
"Alright!" Natsu smirks and catches his fist with his hand. "Let's do this!" He runs towards
the white void.
"Wait, don't!" I warned him but it's too late.
As soon as Natsu leaves the threshold of the house, he suddenly topples over.
"W-What the hell!?" Natsu struggles to get up, but finds that he can't. "Why can't I move!?"
"Geez, you shouldn't have gone out there without at least letting me explain the rules first." I
walk towards Natsu and throw him back into the house.
"Hey, I don't feel heavy anymore!" Natsu remarks.
"Of course you don't. You're inside the bubble now." I told him.
"Bubble?" Lisanna asks.
"The housing area is wrapped in a bubble that replicates Earthland's normal gravity." I point
to the void beyond. "However, if you rush out like Natsu over here you'll immediately be met
with ten times the planet's gravity. The air thickness is about a quarter of the planet's and the
temperature fluctuates the deeper one goes into the training area."
"That sounds dangerous." Happy points out.
"That's the idea. You can't really train in a place that gives you handicaps. I mean, how would
anyone get stronger like that? Nobody, that's who." I said. "The best way to deal with this is
simply to let your body adapt to the gravity and to do that is through sheer tenacity and
training until it comes as naturally as moving under regular gravity. Upon achieving it, your
strength, speed, and endurance increase exponentially."
"Really?!" Natsu exclaimed. "I'm all fired up!"
"I dunno, Natsu." Happy said in an uncertain tone. "That sounds pretty hard."
"It is definitely not easy, but the results are ultimately worth it." I said. "You have to put in
the effort, as only those who persevere through adversity and struggle truly break their limits
and blossom to their full potential. This place operates at ten times the planet's gravity, yet I
know a lot of powerful warriors who have trained at hundreds of times the Earth's gravity or
in a few cases even over a THOUSAND times the planet's gravity."
Everyone is shocked to hear this.

"A THOUSAND TIMES THE PLANET'S GRAVITY!? THAT'S RIDICULOUS!" Evergreen
exclaims.
"They're REAL men, through and through!" Elfman yelled.
"I know it sounds ridiculous, but it's true." I countered. "The real question is are you all
determined to go that far? And I don't mean simply in terms of physical capabilities or talent,
but the strength of the will. Only the most motivated and willing to endure the challenges will
go the farthest."
"So, this is where you've been. I was wondering what all that noise was about." Everyone
turns to the new voice and see Cell walking in.
Cell looks around, analyzing the room from top to bottom before smiling. "Not bad."
"Hey Asmodeus, who is this weird looking guy? Is he a demon or some other kind of bug
monster?" Wakaba asks.
Cell's right eye twitches. "What did you call me, you senile old-!"
"Knock it off, Cell. You can't really blame them for not knowing you. Earthland doesn't have
things like Androids and such." I said with a roll of my eyes, causing Cell to scoff and look to
the side.
"Hold on. 'Android'? What the heck are you talking about?" A confused Gajeel asks.
"That's none of your business, human." Cell told him.
Gajeel narrows his eyes at Cell. "Ya Know, we barely just met and I already hate your guts."
"Trust me, boy, the feeling is QUITE mutual." Cell glares back.
"Gajeel, quit it already!" Levy says as she and Panther Lily pull the dragon slayer back.
I turn to the Bio-Android. "What are you doing here, Cell?"
"Like I said, I was wondering what all that noise was about and it seems like I found it." Cell
eyes the human wizards before looking back at me. "They aren't worth much."
"Oi! What the hell did you just say!?" Natsu yells.
"Isn't it obvious? You're weak." Cell states.
Gajeel grits his teeth and walks forward, only to suddenly stop as his body is encased in a
blue aura.
"What the!?" Gajeel tries to move but can't. "I can't move!"
Levy and Panther Lily turn to see Asmodeus extending his arm out towards Gajeel and his
eyes glowing blue.

"Stop antagonizing people, Cell. It doesn't leave a good first impression." I said.
Cell huffs. "Fine. At least tell me what you're planning."
I explained my plan to Cell, as well as the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
"So THAT'S how Goku, Vegeta, Trunks, and Gohan manage to make such leaps in power in
such a short time frame! Brilliant!" Cell exclaims, excited at the room's time dilation.
"So wait, time passes differently here?" Laxus asks.
"Yup." I nod. "In this world, time moves at 365.24 times that of Earthland."
"?" Everyone just looks at me funny.
Levy sighs. "In Natsu terms: one year in here, one day out there."
"Oh!" Everyone finally understands.
[I feel your pain, sister]
'What's that supposed to mean?'
[Nothing, nothing!]
"Wait, what about food? If we're going to be training here for a year, then we're gonna need
to eat." Fried points out.
"Not a problem. The fridge is stocked full of everything you'll need." I told him.
Cell turns to me with a perplexed look. "Are you seriously planning on training these idiots
for six days? Most of them don't hold a finger to Goku or even his human friends, let alone to
beings like myself or you."
This causes everyone to glare at Cell.
"We've been over this Cell, you shouldn't be so quick to underestimate others." I warned him.
"Everyone has the potential for greatness, whether great good or great evil. And nobody is
invincible or perfect yet everybody has room to improve. And given that Fairy Tail has a
track record of defying the odds, they could surprise you."
"And you think Fairy Tail could grow THAT much in a single year, let alone six?" Cell
scoffed.
"With the aid of the Hyperbolic Time Chamber and the special vegetables I have? Yes I do." I
replied back.
Cell gives me a look. "Special vegetables?"
"Just something I'm growing on the side. Don't worry about it." I told him.

"Hm. I guess I'll give those a try later." Cell said.
"Now then," I turn towards Fairy Tail with a bright smile. "Who wants to start training?"
"W-Wait!? We're training NOW!?" A nervous Wendy asks.
"Of course we are. I didn't spend twenty minutes creating this place just to show off." I said.
[But you did]
Macao raises his hand. "Actually, I'm gonna tag out."
"Same." Wakaba nods.
"Me too. I am WAY too old for this kind of thing." Makarov then starts rubbing his back.
"Also my back has been aching a lot lately, and my knees are completely shot so I can't bend
like I used to."
[Lazy bitches]
Flames begin to dance on Natsu's shoulders as he sports a fanged grin.
"Well, I'm fired up! Let's go-!" However before he can finish, Natsu is smacked to the side.
"Actually, I'll go first." Cell states.
I arch an eyebrow. "You want to fight me? I'm not sure that's a good idea. I've gotten a lot
stronger since Elentear. You remember, yes?"
"You're not the only one who has gotten stronger, boy. My fight with that pink Android has
given me another boost in power." Cell exerts his Ki, causing cracks to suddenly grow under
his feet.
The fairies all fell on their knees, the pressure was too much for them to take.
"Gajeel…! I… can't… breathe…!" Levy struggles to say.
"Dammit! How can you be so strong!?" Gajeel demands as he uses all of his strength just to
look at Cell in the eye.
"Ugh…!" Erza turns to see Natsu, Cana, Mira, Irene, and Seilah surprisingly still standing,
but she can see that they're on their limit.
"All right, that's enough." I order and the pressure ends.
"So, do you see now that I've grown stronger?" Cell asks.
"I will admit, you have power, but…" I then exert a bit of my power and smirk.
"!?" Cell is taken aback by the sheer potency of his power.

"If you think a single Zenkai boost is all that's gonna take to beat me. Then, you're living in a
dream world." I declared.
Cell's smirk only widens at the challenge. "Then let's put it to the test, shall we? If you think
these humans have potential, then perhaps you and I can give a demonstration of just how
powerful Ki users like us are, and how it makes beings like those overgrown reptiles known
as the Dragon Gods look like helpless kittens?"
"Hey! Don't underestimate cats, bug man!" Happy yelled.
"Sure. Just don't cry when you inevitably lose." I mocked.
"Trust me, kid. When I'm done, you'll be going back to crying to mommy." Cell taunts back.
The two of us walk out of the training area and are quickly hit by the dimension's x10 gravity,
though it clearly has no effect on us.
The fairies all look on with anticipation, waiting to see what happens next.
The atmosphere surrounding the two made everyone feeling tense.
"Go on. I'll let you make the first move." Cell said.
"No, no. Ladies first." I mocked.
"Well, since you insist." Cell said.
After replying, Cell immediately shot forward with his arm raised to strike me.
I immediately get into a combat stance, ready to fight.
Flashback end
Cell comes charging in and delivers a barrage of punches at but they have no effect… at least
not at the beginning.
Until the bastard decides to infuse God Ki into his fists, making double forward as he
manages to breach my defense.
-3,906,918 Damage (50%)
13,806/1,967,265 AP
1,320,420/1,320,420 HP
"Hm!" I punch Cell in the gut, but he tries to counter with his own.
I feint his punch before it can connect and hit him with a flying knee to the face.
Cell launches a flurry of Ki blasts, but I deflect all of them with ease using my fists to knock
them aside.

Not gonna lie, it feels good pulling that trick after seeing Goku and other Dragon Ball
characters do it all the time in the anime.
Before Cell can fully react, I land a powerful kick into his abdomen, causing Cell to gag in
pain at the force of my blow.
"Still think you can match my God form?" I asked mockingly.
Cell glares and immediately tries to counter with another strike, but I blow him away with
another strong kick.
"Okay, that's it!" Cell yells before charging his ki into his palms in a familiar stance. "Ka-meha-me.."
I had a feeling what Cell was gonna do, so I immediately moved away when I sensed that
Cell was gonna use instant transmission to get behind me.
"Really? A Warp Kamehameha?" I asked. "That's honestly a little predictable for someone
who knows Instant Transmission."
Cell grit his teeth in frustration.
"How about I crank this up to the next level?" I rhetorically ask, before charging my God Ki
and a bright surge of energy engulfed us both.
When the energy cleared, I was still present, but my appearance had changed. My hair was
now spiked in the same manner as my [Super Saiyan] form, but instead of being green, it's
pink. The aura enveloping my body is now a very dark shade of red on the outside, while it
has a more pinkish color on the inside. My clothes become brighter while my eyes appear as
pink and the color of his hair and eyebrows become a slightly darker shade of pink as well as
gaining a dark purple glow around my body.
"Huh?" I look at the pink aura currently surrounding me. "So instead of turning [Super
Saiyan Blue], I get [Super Saiyan Rosé]?"
[Because of your God Ki perk, it's possible that you are now a natural producer of it in
a manner identical to Goku Black, who is an actual God in a Saiyan body, as opposed to
being a mortal who can access God Ki like Goku, hence why you got Rosé instead of
Blue]
But I'm not a Supreme Kai, God of Destruction, or an Angel though. Shouldn't I be [Super
Saiyan Blue] like Goku?' I ask in confusion.
[You're an Omniversal Chimera, remember? The perfect hybrid of multiple different
races simultaneously who possesses all their best attributes with none of the downsides.
Mix that with the system (i.e. moui), and you get someone who was never a "mere
mortal" to begin with]
Meanwhile, everyone back in the building watches the transformation happen… and are
absolutely terrified!

The pressure coming between the two was overbearing enough, but now the pressure coming
from Asmodeus eclipses Cell's.
…and it's growing!
Irene and Seilah fall to their knees while everyone else collapses on the ground. Mira and
Cana manage to hang on by transforming into their power-up forms, but they soon collapse
under the unrelenting gravity.
"Ah… ah…!" Lisanna couldn't speak, she couldn't think under the intense pressure.
"H-How is this possible…!?" A frightened Fried stutters before falling on his butt.
"Is this… your true power, Asmodeus…?" Erza asks.
"I WANT THAT!" Natsu screams out.
Cell looks on with equal parts excitement and fear. He knows about Goku Black and his
altered God form, but it was never this powerful.
"Judging by your face, I'd say you're already familiar with this form." I raise my right hand
up to my head and let loose two fingers. "So, what do you think? Is this color not beautiful?"
Cell grits at the immense power he is sensing. 'How!? How does the gap between us keep
widening so quickly!? It makes no sense! And what's worse is that he hasn't taken off those
shackles at all!'
[I suggest you end this quickly. It seems our power is slowly choking the life out of your
harem. Oh, and the fairies]
"Sorry Cell, but I'm afraid playtime has to end here." I then give the Bio-Android an innocent
smile. "But next time, there won't be any bystanders. I promise!"
"What the hell are you-!?" But before he can finish, he's slapped across the face with a force
powerful enough to destroy galaxies, sending him flying straight towards the empty horizon.
"That should keep him out of it for a while." I turn off my transformation. "Now, I should go
check on everyone."
I fly in at high speeds and land on the threshold before running towards the house.
Inside, I found everyone on the floor collapsed. "You guys okay?"
Loud groans are heard as bodies slowly rise up.
"What the hell…? What was up with that?" Bickslow groaned.
I give a sheepish grin. "Sorry, new transformation. Comes with a lot of power."
"No shit, sherlock. I felt like I was being crushed under a mountain." Gildarts said.

"Hold on, I got something for this." I use [Salvation] on everyone, and they're all restored.
Skill Level Up!
[Salvation LVL. 3/10]
"Oh, that feels much better!" Mest says as he stretches his arms.
"We knew you packed a punch, but damn, we didn't think you were THAT strong!" Warren
adds.
"I honestly thought I was gonna die then." Makarov admits.
"Ok. Now, without any more interruptions, let's get started with the training!" I reveal,
surprising everyone.
"Are you kidding me!? You want us to train after going through THAT!?" Reedus yells.
"Yes. How else are you gonna get stronger?" I innocently point out.
"Screw this, I'm out. Learning this ki or chi or whatever you call it is not worth being nearly
choked to death." Vijeeter says as he leaves.
Pretty soon, most of the other members of Fairy Tail begin to leave the Hyperbolic Time
Chamber leaving only Natsu, Happy, Wendy, Carla, Laxus, Gajeel, Pantherlily, Cana,
Gildarts, Mirajane and her siblings, Seilah, Irene, Erza, Max, Mest, Alzack, Bisca, Laki,
Kinana, and surprisingly Romeo.
[At least now things will be more manageable]
"Well, now you got a taste of what you'll be up against and why it's important for all of you to
train. Because from here on out, there will be no mercy!" I yelled. "You will face foes that are
beyond your scope of power, who make demons look like nothing but insects under their
feet! That is why you're here, to surpass them! I'm going to rebuild you all into something
greater than before, and I won't stop until you're either dead or on the verge of dying!" I
activate [Duplicate] summon clones. "Now are YOU READY!?"
"YEAH!" The mages of Fairy Tail shout collectively, feeling inspired in spite of the odds of
the feeling of my spar with Fairy Tail.
[This is gonna be fun. Fufufu~]
"It just goes on forever." Mira remarks as she stares at the endless horizon.
Mira and I stand in the white void mere inches from each other.
"One of the benefits of being in an infinite void is that we all have plenty of room to train and
fight without any problems." I smiled.

"Which means we can train to our hearts content without concern of getting in each other's
ways or causing too much collateral damage." Mira said happily.
"Exactly." I confirmed.
*BOOM!*
An explosion sounds off in the distance and a cloud of smoke rises from the horizon.
Mira giggles. "Looks like Natsu's having a lot of fun."
"Yeah, I just hope my clone doesn't strain himself too much." I said.
"Asmodeus-kun," I look back at the She-Devil. "In addition to this Ki, I would really
appreciate it if you help me master [Chaos Energy]." Her hands ball into fists. "Back then, I
was so scared… I tried to fight but my power didn't work. No matter how hard I tried, I felt
so useless in the end. If it wasn't for you, I would be right in Rustyrose's clutches."
As I listened to her, I realized while her powers failed at the last minute.
It was fear. But why?
"Hey, hey. It's okay to be afraid, there's no shame in that." I reassured her before cupping her
cheek with one of my hands. "I promise you, when this is over, you will never have to be
afraid again. You'll be the strongest fighters in the universe!"
"Ara, ara, you certainly have a way with words, Asmodeus-kun." Mirajane giggled before
pulling me into a quick kiss. "And that's why I love you so much!"
However, she wasn't ready when I suddenly grabbed her waist and pulled her closer before
giving her a deep lewd kiss which she quickly reciprocated.
After a couple of minutes, our mouths separate and we stare at each other.
"I love you too, Mira." I said.
Mira blushes, but it does nothing to prevent her from giving the most beautiful smile I've ever
seen.
[If you're done ogling at your wife, we should get started]
'She is not my wife, but you do have a point.' I let her go and take a couple steps back until I
am a fair distance away from her.
"Amodeus-kun, I don't want our feelings to get in the way so please don't hold back." Mira
said.
"Got it." I said and took a fighting stance.
"Now," A wave of power bursts from her body. "Get ready!"

Mira takes a step forward before charging at me at lightning speeds.
"Starting with physical attacks. Okay, I'm game." I said.
Mira jumps up, raising her right leg and bringing it down above my head.
I catch her arm easily, creating a massive gust of wind before sending her spinning back.
Mira manages to land gracefully, only to find her opponent/boyfriend out of sight.
"Where did he go?" Mira looks around until she hears a sudden burst of static.
"Behind you."
Mira blinks before leaping to side, missing the kick that would have fallen on top of her,
destroying the spot that she was standing on.
Mira looks back in cold sweat at the large fissure where she was standing.
'If I had dodged a second later, I would most certainly have died.' Mira grimly thought as she
took a deep breath. 'I can do this. Asmodeus-kun believes in me.'
I sensed the energy spike coming from Mira. 'It seems she's finally getting serious. Now show
me your power, my fairy princess.'
Mirajane comes flying towards me, her figure covered in a surge of [Magic] power
and [Chaos Energy] before launching a flurry of punches and kicks that I managed to block
or evade.
"Good. You're starting to get a grip at channeling [Chaos Energy] and using it in conjunction
with your [Magic]." I applaud. "The more you do it and the longer you can sustain it, the
easier it will be to use [Chaos Energy] both purely on instinct and in conjunction with other
forms of power."
"Thanks, Asmodeus-kun! But I'm not done yet!" Mirajane replied before adding [Aura] into
the mix and using her Semblance to amplify her power, making her even stronger, with her
determination resonating with her [Chaos Energy] and allowing it to further synergize with
her [Magic] and [Aura].
Everyone in this dimension feels a wave of immense power washing over them and all turn in
the same direction.
"Look at you go! Normally, this would kill you, but you're handling like a champ! You're
awesome, Mira!" I praised her. 'Now all you have to do is let go of your fear, then you'll
become even stronger.'
The power flux suddenly subsides and Mirajane's now in her [Satan Soul] form.
"Here I come!" Mira leaps towards me.

She initiates another flurry of melee attacks, though this time her limbs were covered in the
dark magic of her Take-Over form mixed with [Aura] and [Chaos Energy], demonstrating a
significant increase in strength, speed, reaction time, and dexterity than before.
Even for someone like me, I was impressed at not only the power but also the skill and
strategic approach she was demonstrating, clearly planning her next two or three maneuvers
in advance and trying to get me to react in a way she wanted that would suit her.
"You truly go above and beyond your reputation, Mira." I applaud. "At this point, I wouldn't
be surprised if you took Gildarts' place as the Ace of Fairy Tail or a position among the Four
4 Gods of Ishgar."
"Thanks, but it's clearly not enough!" Mirajane said as her power continued to surge while I
dodged her strikes.
Deciding to mix a little offense to my evasion and defense, I launched a surprise strike to her
abdomen, causing her to recoil in pain before I followed up with a spinning kick to her head,
sending her flying.
Upon landing, Mirajane reverts back to her human appearance.
"Dammit! I'm still not strong enough if I go back to normal after receiving a few hits like
that!" Mirajane groaned as she got back up.
"Don't beat yourself up, Mirajane. I am stronger than I often let on, but you are growing by
leaps and bounds. And no one ever said this would be easy." I reassured her. "You're more
talented and growing more than you give yourself credit for. Even Zeref and Acnologia can't
attest to grow this much in such a short period of time."
"Right. Let's keep going, Asmodeus-kun!" Mirajane said, showing even greater determination
than before.
She then uses her Take Over to take on a new form, one that I've never seen her use before.
She is covered in a black form-fitting bodysuit leaving only her breasts and abs exposed, with
dark gauntlets on both arms and spiked heels and ankles. She has claws on her fingers and
scales on her forearms. Her ears are pointed like before, her trademark front ponytail has
become incredibly long and wears a black headband with horns on her forehead. She also
sports a pair of large, bat-like wings that are black and silver in color. Feathers also sprout
from the user's collar and a green thorny whip hosted on her right hip.
"[Satan Soul: Mard Geer Tartaros]. You're the first person to ever see it." Mirajane reveals,
surprising me.
My eyes widened in surprise. She got that form from absorbing the master of Tartaros. But
how? That never happened in the anime or manga.
"Why am I the first to see it?" I asked.

"This form uses a lot of magical power. Not only that, but Mard Geer would fight for control
every time I took this form. So, I created my Alegria form from the other Etherious souls to
suppress him." Mira explains.
I then put the pieces together as I realize what this means. "Is he in there now? Are you
okay?"
"Yes! Ever since I became a [Transcendent] that bastard hasn't reared his ugly smile." Mira
confirms. "I'm guessing whatever you did must have snuffed out the remnants of his
consciousness."
"Oh thank god." I sigh in relief. "For a moment, I thought you were in danger."
"Nonsense. And even if I am, I know you would save me darling." Mira said before a
determined expression graces her beautiful demonic face. "But enough about that. I want to
test just how powerful this form is."
"Alright." I put both of my hands forward before cupping them together on the side. "Let's
see how durable you are, princess!"
I thrust my arms forward and shoot a massive dark-purple stream of energy with swirls of
yellow Ki.
Mira sees the beam coming and erects purple shield as beam hits its target and swallows her
completely, not even her silhouette is visible before erupting in a massive explosion.
[I think you killed her with that]
'I think I did…' I said in horror.
However, something shoots out of the smoke and Mira charges forward with a punch.
I smile as I easily block the punch, which causes a large shockwave to travel behind me.
"Marvelous, Mira! I knew you'd make it!" I exclaim with joy.
[That's not what you said six seconds ago]
I grab her arm and throw her to the air before quickly following with a jump as I charge Ki
blast that I raise right up to her face.
Mira quickly twists her torso and misses the blast by a second before trapping me between
her thick thighs and throws me away.
I catch myself as I rush back just as she fires her [Soul Extinctor] at me, but I simply fly
through the stream and punch her face.
She recovers and tries to land more hits but I dodge them with ease before following with a
rising right kick and punch to her abdomen, then I twist my body forward and deliver another
kick with my left leg, sending her crashing straight to the ground.

Mira coughs from the rising dust and her injuries, her [Aura] flashing before shattering
completely.
I land just a few feet away as she slowly starts to get up.
"I'm so happy that you're my partner, Asmodeus-kun." Mira flashes me a fanged smirk. "To
push me so much… It's been so long since I fought someone and actually enjoyed it."
I watch as her [Aura] quickly replenishes and starts healing her.
[Her AP is back to full, and so quickly too. The only other person I can think other than
you who can do that is Hazel Rainart]
"Wow. I can't believe you're already back in tip-top shape." I applaud her tenacity. "But this is
where the hard part begins."
"Huh?" Mira says as she senses malice beginning to converge around Asmodeus.
"You're not the only one who's been hiding something." I told her before a red swirl appears
and a black pillar of light rises from under my feet.
Mira covers her eyes from the intense light as she uses all of her leg strength to keep herself
grounded.
When the light stops, she is surprised by what she sees.
Asmodeus is now taller, much taller that before. His skin is pitch black, covered in some kind
of organic armor, with a long black tail slithering down his back. His shoulders and head are
adorned with long sharp horns; the ones on his head are arranged like a crown. His face is
more angular, more handsome with his eyes proudly displaying his [Silver RinneSharingan] with a third eye in the center of his forehead.
His back unfolds, revealing FOURTEEN large bat-like wings.
"This is my Majin form. One of my strongest forms yet." I said, my voice much lower and
much more intimidating. "From here on out, you will experience HELL. Are you ready?"
Mira clenches her fists at the absurd malevolent energy rolling off him in spades before
taking a deep breath.
"I am ready." Mira firmly responds and attacks.
A Year/Day later
The door opens and I fall head-first to my luxurious king-sized bed.
"Hehe… hehehehe!" I begin to roll around back and forth in glee and excitement before
finally landing face-up with a smile on my face.

"This is so awesome! Who knew Fairy Tail would grow so quickly in a matter of months!?" I
exclaimed.
[Well, they had a pretty good teacher. Plus it helped that they had some prior
experience]
"I know!" I said.
Mira was able to last five minutes against my Majin form, something that surprised me.
However, all it took was a single punch to break through her [Aura] and her stomach.
… oops!
After quickly healing her, I started guiding her on how to use [Chaos Energy] properly
despite my own lackluster experience on the subject. She quickly picked up everything I told
her, then got creative on how to implement it.
That's when I realized that Mirajane Strauss was a prodigy, a diamond in the rough. Honestly,
there wasn't really that I could really teach that she wouldn't have figured out herself in time.
After a while, it was time to take a break.
I used the enhancing vegetables to make a stew for lunch that everyone happily enjoyed. I
was genuinely surprised with how it turned out because I never cooked a day in my life.
The broth was rich, and the meat and veggies just added to the flavor. I felt myself getting
stronger just from eating them.
[You remember Savant Polymath, right? It allows you to excel in many fields, including
cooking]
Oh yeah.
Not long after, Lucy, Gray, Jellal, Brandish, and Juvia appeared and joined the group.
I wanted to have everyone use Ki, but that would take too long, so I used [Charitable
Patron] to give copies [Ki Manipulation] to everyone.
Utilizing Ki was cakewalk for the fairies, since it requires you to push the energy out of your
body and give it a physical form much like how Magic Power does.
There were some setbacks though, mainly from a certain pink-haired loudmouth.
When Natsu first manifested his Ki, it caused him to go berserk in a similar way to Broly,
blasting everything in sight without warning. I theorized it was due to him drawing life
energy from both his dragon and demon sides which caused them to collide against each
other resulting in some kind of imbalance since the other dragon slayers didn't have this issue
at all.

It took nearly everything Mira, Erza, Cana, and Ur had just to knock him back into his
senses. I wanted to step in, but the girls were insistent that I'd leave it to them and I obliged.
After that was over, I went through everything I knew about Ki from its different types to its
techniques.
When Laxus pointed out how God Ki couldn't be sensed by mortals and instead felt an
overwhelming pressure, he asked if I could use said Ki which I told him yes.
However, I made it clear to them that I wasn't going to teach them God Ki and when asked
why it was because "having that kind of energy would get the attention of all sorts of
troublesome people".
I knew for a fact the Gods in Fairy Tail were very much real and if they sensed a wizard
capable of utilizing divine energy, let alone an entire guild, they would no doubt descend onto
Earthland and cause untold destruction.
Also, they'd probably pop like balloons with all that God Ki and magic inside them so better
not take the risk.
[Considering how much Ankhseram screwed both Zeref and Mavis, I understand. But
that doesn't mean we won't kick his ass or any other puny gods that come our way!]
You got that right!
Cell woke up not much later and demanded a rematch, but told him I was busy with training.
Cell took that as a challenge and decided that he would also help train, which took me a little
by surprise.
Before we knew it, half a year would pass, with everyone making a lot of progress.
Mastering and manipulating their ki gave them a variety of effects, ranging from simple to
devastating.
Happy learned Nappa's Break Cannon, although when he does it, it just looks like a colorful
burp.
Carla, while not able to fully utilize combat-based techniques, was able to use telepathy as
well as healing.
Panther Lily gained the ability to duplicate and use [Mind's Eye], allowing him to predict an
opponent's next move five seconds ahead.
Gajeel, Natsu, Wendy, Irene and Laxus had an unexpected effect. When using Ki, their
dragon sides seem to become more dominant. Their nails sharpen and their hands and feet
turn dragon-like claws. They can manifest energy wings that they can not only use for flight,
but also shape into extra appendages for whatever they need.
Cell taught them all the Kamehameha while Laxus learned Final Flash and Wendy got the
Destructo Disc and the Masenko.

I suppose even a killing machine like Cell has a soft spot for cute things.
I also decided to give them all [Mana Burst] because I thought it would suit them since
they're dragons. I was also thinking of giving them the Kaioken as well but when I thought of
how reckless these guys are, I decided to refrain from doing so.
Lucy's case was a bit weird. Rather than drawing Ki from within herself, she draws it from
the living creatures around her as long as they consent, making her a living Spirit Bomb. And
while there weren't any living creatures outside of us, Lucy found a way around it by tapping
into her connection to the Celestial Spirit World and managed to convert the magical energy
there into Ki for her to use.
Brandish's Ki allows her to distort and manipulate the space around her or others, effectively
removing the "distance" from her personal space. She also quickly became fond of Instant
Transmission and telepathy (we all know why).
Cell taught Gray Vegeta's Galick Gun and Big Bang Attack as well as discovering that his Ki
blasts have the added effect of freezing anything that comes into contact with them.
I taught Erza how to create Ki blades in a similar way to how Vergil creates his [Mirage
Blades] and taught her Instant Transmission as well as gave her a copy of [Mana Burst].
Juvia's Ki allows her to turn intangible and, when you combine that with her ability to turn
into water, makes her a pretty deadly stealth combatant. Her ki attacks also gain the same
fluidity, making them hard to deflect or dodge.
Jellal gained an aura that made him shine brightly like a star, it also seemed to augment his
Heavenly Body magic the most, allowing him to cut space itself. I taught him pretty much all
of Vegeta's moves while teaching him Piccolo's Special Beam Cannon and Hellzone Grenade.
I found out that thanks to the good and evil souls within her, Ur is able to access both regular
and Evil Ki at the same time, giving her a dark red aura with a white outline when used. Cell
was intrigued by this and decided to teach her all of Frieza's and Vegeta's Ki moves while I
gave her my [Energy Manipulation] skill in reference to his mastery over his Gold form.
Cana gained the ability to use telepathy, as well as shaping her Ki into whatever she desires,
like creating a suit of armor for example. She is also adept in sensing life energy, capable of
picking someone's unique signature from over a thousand miles away. I also taught her
Instant Transmission, Masenko, Spirit Bomb, Kamehameha, and the Galick Gun.
Lisanna and Elfman's Take-Overs evolved. Not only giving them an incredible boost in their
physical abilities, but also giving them access to a form of [Senjutsu] due to their beast
forms being much closer to nature. But since we were training in a void, there was no natural
energy so they couldn't use it.
Bisca and Alzack can fire ki shots at rapid intervals, then control the shots similar to Piccolo
and deal incredible damage.

Gildarts' Ki allows him to destroy things much like a God of Destruction, but without the
God Ki.
I taught Mira Goku Black's moves, something that she was extremely ecstatic about.
I decided to teach Romeo Gohan's moves and found that his Ki has the added effect of
burning through an opponent's energy.
Max can reinforce his Sandstorm magic with Ki to unleash devastating AoE attacks and
launch Ki blasts from his sand.
Mest's Ki can have a mental effect where it can weaken the targets' mind and ability to fight
back.
Kianna's adds a poison effect where even if targets can endure her attacks, it poisons and
weakens them passively over time.
Laki's Ki also had a surprising result. When she combines Ki with her [Wood-Make] magic,
it gains properties akin to [Wood Release] from Naruto with her creations also able to use Ki
techniques, and they can collect energy from nature to convert to Ki to replenish her own
reserves as well as giving her a strong healing factor.
Overall, pretty good progress. I can even say they would give the Z-Fighters a hard time.
… until Goku and Vegeta tagged in, that is. Then they'd be screwed.
I also decided to give my girls copies of [Magic Manipulation] to vastly augment their
already impressive mastery of [Magic] and remove whatever limits they may have.
And if you apply that to other sources of power, you get yourself something
sexy and dangerous.
I open my menu to check my stats.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons, Master Forger, Master of Death, Lord of Terror
Race: Omniversal Chimera
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 650
HP: 7,560,420 (756042 per minute)
MP: 5,674,215 (567422 per minute)
SP: 3,781,640 (378164 per minute)

AP: 6,647,265 (664727 per minute)
VIT: 189,011
STR: 150,154
DEX: 189,082
END: 189,024
INT: 182,517
WIS: 221,576
MAG: 189,141
LUK: 189,011
CHA: 189,050
Credits: 5,017,976,511
My stats haven't changed much, since I didn't eat as much as compared to everyone else.
The average human eats an average of 1,095 meals every year, I only need to eat four
meals a year.
[Say, didn't you get those level-up tickets a while back?]
"Oh yeah." I press the [Max-Level Skill Token] in my menu and it immediately takes me to
my skill roster.
After a few minutes, I finally make a decision and tap on my selected skills.
The following skills have been selected. Proceed?
Y/N
I press Y.
Following skills have been maxed out!
[Kaio-ken LVL. 10/10]
[Psionic Manipulation LVL. 10/10]
[Salvation LVL. 10/10]
[Eternal Curse LVL. 10/10]
Skill has Evolved!

[All of the World's Evil LVL. 1/10]
The manifestation of humanity, its "prayers" or "sins". It materializes as a "black
mud" that can be secreted from any part of the body. This substance is semi-aware, it is
capable of transforming into various forms that suit its master's needs. Should the mud
make contact with any living thing, it's mind and soul would be bombarded with
primordial curses, the sins of humanity that have been birthed since time immemorial.
They will either go insane from the excruciating pain and die, melted down into magical
energy to be harvested, or should they survive, be left with a stigmata that slowly eats
away at their physical form until they die.
When this perk is active, the curse will seek to draw out negativity towards itself,
becoming stronger from these negative emotions. However, it is possible to counter this
curse through either strong light-based magic or the uncompromisable will of the
victim's soul.
Warning: To use this, the user must have a trait related to one of the 7 Deadly Sins
[Infinity Dragon Slayer LVL. 10/10]
New Trait unlocked!
[True Dragon God Transformation]
Your Dragon Seed has fully matured and as a result, you are able to assume your true
dragon god form. In this state, all stats are multiplied by 60,000 as well as strengthening
your Dragon Slayer Magic tenfold while adding God Slayer qualities, along with
rendering you practically invulnerable to all physical and magical harm, including
those stemming from Dragon Slayer Magic.
[Magic Manipulation LVL. 10/10]
Skill has Evolved!
[Almighty Magic LVL. 1/100]
The user is almighty and supreme over magic, and everything related to it, including
the esoteric, mystical, anomalous, and supernatural. This entails complete and
boundless dominion over the magical, enabling them to do literally anything, regardless
of how impossible, illogical, contradictory, and incomprehensible it may be. Users
transcend all notions of magic and the supernatural, possessing magical capabilities of
absolute and unlimited caliber.
Almighty Magic is mostly done through emotion and instinct, and thus it mostly
wouldn't require any understanding or comprehension in order to perform magical
feats.
Cost 60,000 MP

Skills [Ars Magia], [Alchemy], [Mana Sense], [Blade Beam], [Chroma],
[Rhabdophobia], [Super Archive], and [Mana Burst] have merged with [Almighty
Magic].
[Blade Mastery LVL. 100/100]
New title acquired!
[Blade God]
The all-time ultimate master of all bladed weapons, but with a particular fondness for
swords. Your skill, talent, and mastery in all forms of swordsmanship is unparalleled
and instinctual by nature.
New Skill Unlocked!
[Unlimited Blade Works LVL. 1/10]
Shirou Emiya and Archer EMIYA's Reality Marble. A high-class magecraft that
embodies the user's inner world and imprints it upon the World as a Bounded Field for
a short amount of time. It can be invoked through the use of an incantation of a "TenCount" aria which differs from person to person. Once manifested, it functions as a
massive steel forge, allowing the user to analyze, create, store, and use any bladed
weapon that their eyes come across. Their entire histories, compositions, and designs
are all perfectly recorded, allowing for instant proficiency with the weapons by
inheriting all combat skills and techniques utilized by their original owners. It can also
allow for the alteration of said weapons to suit the user's needs.
Cost 45,000 MP
Holy shit! Is it my birthday? Because it has to be!
[Unlimited Blade Works]! I can't believe I have it! One of the most broken spells in
Nasuverse is now mine to use!
[Almighty Magic] basically makes me a Sorcerer Supreme, meaning I can do anything!
"This just keeps getting better and better…!" I couldn't contain my laughter as I rolled around
back and forth in my massive bed.
[Having access to a Reality Marble and omnipotent magic is a terrifying combination. It
honestly makes me a little nervous]
My smile just grows more, my inner fanboy dancing in delight as [Gamer's Mind] tries to
suppress it but fails.
[You skipped out on one other power you've gained]
[Gamer's Mind] takes hold and stands up.

"Yeah… the only problem with that is I can't use it without me going berserk first." I point
out.
[Dragon's Sin of Wrath] is powerful, but its biggest downside is that once active I'll be
consumed by rage, to the point that [Gamer's Mind] wouldn't even work anymore.
[Not necessarily, it depends on which of the 7 Deadly Sins you utilize]
"Each of the sins has its downsides," I counter. "What would you suggest?"
[Out of all them, Lust has the least amount of downsides relative to your personality. As
long as you don't become a shameless degenerate with no self-control like Issei Hyoudou
from DxD or those various perverted old men from anime, you'll be fine. And you can
likely meet the qualifications by actually getting off your ass and being more sexually
prolific, dumbass]
I try to say something, but Tobi just continues.
[I mean, you named yourself after the mythical demon of lust for fuck's sake! Were you
not thinking that maybe that name has more power behind it!? Even now when you're
surrounded by drop-dead gorgeous women with gravity-defying tits who are madly in
love with you, you can't even summon the courage to even ask them out or even have
sex, which a lot of them would happily do if you tell them to!]
"I mean, it's not that I don't wanna have sex with them, I've just been rather busy or
distracted." I reply back after Tobi's rant seemingly ended.
[Semantics! And that's a poor excuse in this context and you know it. Hell, with the
"Harem God" perk and your own personality, you don't need to deal with clichés like
constant bickering or being whipped. And "Sex God" means that any sex you have with
them will be the greatest experience they will ever have and will unlikely get them
pregnant unless you REALLY want them to, not to mention help them get stronger as a
bonus. That's not even considering your "Mate Mark" perk, for crying out loud!]
"Okay, okay!" I relented. "You made your point, I'll be more sexually active with the girls as
long as they are willing from now on."
[Good, it's about damn time, for crying out loud! I would recommend you start with
Brandish, given her level of devotion it's best to not keep her waiting any longer]
*KNOCK* *KNOCK* *KNOCK*
"Who is it?"
"It is me, Asmodeus-sama." The voice of Brandish rings out from the other side.
[Well, well, speak of the devil and she shall appear~]
I was confused. "How did you know where my room is?"

"Lamy-san gave me directions." Brandish reveals. "... may I come in?"
"Of course." I said and Brandish entered.
"Pardon the intrusion." Brandish walks in the room, with Mirajane closely behind her.
"What can I do for you ladies?" I asked.
"Asmodeus-sama, I was wondering if it were possible for me to become
a [Transcendent] like Mira-san." Brandish said, much to my surprise.
"I'm… not sure." I admit sheepishly. "Well in Mirajane's case, her becoming
a [Transcendent] was out of sheer luck. She was dying from the [Chaos Energy] and
Andoron's invasive cells in her system. All I did was purge the cells and augment her body so
that she can withstand the foreign power."
"Which I am eternally thankful for, Asmodeus-kun." Mira says in a grateful tone. "But it's not
just Brandish-chan. Irene, Seilah, and Cana-chan were wondering if you could do the same
for them."
I arch an eyebrow. "Why the sudden interest in becoming [Transcendents]? I'm willing to
help you girls get stronger and master your new powers, but becoming a [Transcendent] is a
big deal and it's an irreversible change."
"The truth is… after watching Dimaria-chan and Layla-sama, along with those other girls, as
well as the Wood Dragon God, made us all realize just how small and weak we really are
despite all we've been through. And now that Rustyrose is trying to reset everything, we just
want to get stronger fast and not be the deadweight that you have to carry and protect all the
time."
"Brandish…" I said softly.
"But then, we saw your spars with Mirajane-san and realized just how wide the gap is
between all of us. Even the new power you've given us isn't enough." She clenches her fists
tightly, drawing blood. "That's why… that's why we want you to find a way to make us
stronger. We don't wanna feel helpless against them, and we REFUSE to be helpless against
someone like Rustyrose."
She then gets on all fours and bows in front of me.
"So please, Asmodeus-sama! We know it's an incredibly selfish request, but I'm BEGGING
you! Don't leave us behind!"
My eyes widened at the plea. Is that what they think? That I would leave them behind
because they're weak? No, I would never do that, not in a million years.
"Look at me, Brandish." I call out and she raises her head to see my hurt expression.
"Did you really think I would do such a thing? Did you think that because Mira is stronger
then that means I would get rid of you all?" I said.

"I-I…"
"I made you a promise, remember? That I'll always be by your side. Can't really do that if I
abandon you." I said with a smile.
Tears stream down Brandish's face as she quickly jumps up and embraces me in a tight hug
that I happily reciprocate.
"And it's not just you, Brandish-chan." I spoke while looking at Mirajane. "I would be a
terrible boyfriend if I abandoned my girlfriend simply for not being strong enough, and I
have absolutely no intention of abandoning anyone." I declared. "I admire and care for all of
you too much to even consider abandoning you all, regardless of what happens or where my
adventures take me. No matter what happens, I will ALWAYS be there for you girls and help
you girls when you need it most no matter what challenges or struggles or concerns you may
have. You girls are important to me, you always have and you always will be."
Mirajane quickly follows Brandish and hugs, with tears streaming down her face when she
turns to look at me.
"You really are the best boyfriend a girl could ask for." Mirajane said while still crying tears
of joy and relief.
"I try." I joked before looking back at Brandish. "You girls WILL never be deadweight to me.
If you girls truly wish to become [Transcendents], then you will have my support. Although
I can't use the same method that gave Mira her power, so I'll have to think of something.
Hm…" I looked up at the ceiling before a thought struck. "Yes. Maybe that can work."
"Asmodeus-sama?" Brandish gives me a curious look.
"Oh, don't mind me. Just talking to myself." I said before a smile appeared on my face.
"Besides, we have more pressing matters."
"We do." Even Mira was confused.
"Of course! My girlfriend's heart is full of sadness and neglect. So, as her lover, it's my job to
purge them from her heart and mind." I state.
Lemon start
I suddenly pull Brandish towards me and give her a deep kiss.
"A-Asmodeus-kun!?" A shocked Mira exclaims.
After a passionate kiss with the former Shield, I separate and look at the Take-Over mage.
"I think it's time I do a better job of living up to my responsibilities as a boyfriend and lover."
I state. "Do you mind if I go first with Brandish-chan, Mira-chan? I promise I will make it
worth your while for your turn?"

Mirajane's eyes further widen in shock before a smile forms on her face. "Very well,
Asmodeus-kun, but I'll hold you to that."
Mirajane, Brandish, and I eagerly proceed to remove all traces of clothing, though for
Brandish it takes little time and effort given that her normal outfit essentially consisted of a
bikini and a furry coat.
"Y-You're so big, Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish said in shock as she and Mirajane stared at my
12-inch erect cock, before pink hearts surprisingly appeared in both of their eyes.
"And you girls are goddesses in human form." I complimented her. "This is long overdue, for
both each of you and the other girls, so allow me to fix my foolish mistake!"
I lean forward and place my lips against hers. At first the kiss was chaste before it quickly
evolved into something more intimate. She squeaks adorably as my tongue explores every
part of her mouth without fail as I dominate her tongue.
"Watching you two making out is so fucking hot!" Mira exclaims as she fingers herself.
I grab firmly on her ass, my fingers slowly sinking in those twin soft mounts of flesh as I pull
her closer.
Our separate as Brandish looks at me, her eyes full of lust.
"Asmodeus-sama… I can't take it any longer…" She begins to grind against my shaft. "I need
it… I need your almighty cock inside my hungry hole, it wants to taste your cock milk."
There was no point in delaying it anymore.
Without missing a beat, I take my cock and slowly point it right above her pussy lips. I
slowly push it in, causing Brandish to screech in pain and start to bleed.
"You alright?" I asked.
"I am fine. This pain is nothing." Brandish said.
I push it in until it is completely inside her causing her head to lean back as she climaxes
immediately.
"Did you just cum?"
Brandish leans back to me. "I-I'm sorry, I'm just so happy. I finally gave my virginity to
Asmodeus-sama~"
"Well, it's not over yet." I said as I grabbed her waist and started to move.
Brandish moans as she feels the shaft moving up and down inside her, massaging her love
tunnel and kissing her womb's entrance. She can feel herself starting to become lost in the
pleasure, as she starts to jump up and down to match his rhythm.

"Damn Brandish, you're so tight." I said as I felt the walls around my cock getting tighter and
tighter.
"My body's responding to my feelings! It doesn't want to let you go!" Brandish moans loudly
in between. "Hehehe, look~ My stomach is bulging every time you move. I can feel you
stretching my womb, master!"
I stare as her huge breasts move up and down, mesmerized by the way they jiggle before
taking one and sucking on it.
He could feel that he was close to coming, the pressure building up just at the tip, ready to go
off at any time.
"Ha! I'm cumming!" Brandish screams and soon starts to cum.
I thrust her down one last time and my cock exploded, releasing a large thick load inside her
womb as a stream of whiteness caused her stomach to swell on the outside.
Level Up!
"T-There's… some much…!" Brandish moans as she leans forward, landing on my right
shoulder with her tongue sticking out and her eyes nearly rolled back to her head.
[Unlike Irene, these girls are virgins. Don't expect them to initially last as long as her at
first, though they'll likely last a long time after adjusting to the experience]
I feel something odd and when I look down, I see Mirajane licking the cum off my balls.
"Such a waste…" Mira mutters as she licks the love juice while fingering herself.
I slowly move Brandish off, freeing my cock before Mira grabs and hungrily takes it into her
mouth.
She looked at me and I saw her eyes glow and turn into slits.
[It seems her primal instincts are taking her over much like yours did. You may want to
buckle up]
Mirajane proceeds to immediately suck in the entirety of my cock, demonstrating a surprising
prowess at deepthroating blowjobs despite her apparent inexperience, and to my shock is able
to take the whole thing without any sign of gagging.
'For all I know, the demonic nature of her magic could have given her the characteristics of a
succubus, and her being a [Transcendent] has amplified those attributes.' I couldn't help but
think from the pleasure at Mira's skillful blowjob. She seems to instinctively know how to
provide maximum satisfaction for both of us given the level of pleasure as she picks up the
pace.
Mira pulls out my cock, showing it to be completely clean and hard as she strokes it.

"I've always wanted to do this ever since becoming a [Transcendent] changed my
appearance, and all I could think about was your dick inside me." Mirajane purrs before
massaging my cock with her J-cup breasts.
I couldn't help but groan at the pleasure at Mira's titjob, my cock being squeezed by her
heavenly boobs.
This continued for a while, but I was soon gonna reach my climax.
"Mira, I'm cumming!" I shouted as I came like a hose, spewing all over her face and breasts.
Mira also cums, and unleashes a geyser of her juices on the floor.
"So tasty~" Mira, in a trance-like state, proceeds to lick off all the cum off her face and
breasts.
My dick gets hard again at watching the beautiful sight.
Mira glances back at me, and her smile's all TEETH!
"MINE!" Mira leaps forward and lands on top of me, causing me to fall on the bed.
When I look up, Mira's appearance has changed, now she's in her [Satan Soul] form.
"This heat is driving me crazy! I can't take it anymore!" Mira licks her lips sensually as her
pussy is completely drenched. "I want it! I want it inside me!"
She takes my dick and quickly pushes it all the way in one go.
"AH!" Mira screeched like a banshee at the sudden penetration and incoming pleasure, her
face riddled with ecstasy. She begins to jump down, working her hips while grinding at my
crotch.
"Don't get ahead of yourself!" I grab her jiggling tits and play with them and her hard nipples.
"You're my bitch, Mira. Not the other way around!"
Mira moans become louder as I start to move, the erratic and wild rhythm from the two
makes her pussy stretch its walls further. I use one hand to grab her shoulder and use her for
support to penetrate further.
"Goddamn, this pussy is amazing! You're insides are licking the tip of my dick like tongues.
It's like getting a blowjob inside a pussy!" I grunted as I moved faster.
"Cum I'm going to cum!" Mira shouted before arching her head back as she climaxed, her
body twitching from the overwhelming pleasure.
"Hey, who said you could cum?" Mira blinks and leans forward to find Asmodeus glaring at
her. "You think you can just use me to get off and be done with it? Is that it?"
I stand and pull Mira off my dick before dropping her.

"A-Asmodeus-kun…?" Mira looks up and flinches as glowing silver eyes stare down at her.
"You're not done till I cum. Now lean against the wall and raise one of your legs." I ordered.
"!" Mira hugs herself, suddenly feeling a surge of arousal blossoming within her just from
hearing his commanding tone, reigniting her lust.
She does as she's told and leans against the wall and raises her right leg, revealing her juicy
pussy.
"N-No, fair! Y-You're supposed to be a d-dog… w-who licks my heels begging for more…"
Mira mutters out loud.
"Oh? Is that scenario you imagined when you leaped on top of me? Then I guess you don't
want this then." I walk towards her before stopping, the tip of my dick just a few inches from
her pussy lips.
Mira quivers, her legs wobbling as she can feel the heat of the tip caressing her entrance.
"W-Wait! I'm sorry! I've been a bad girl!" Mira yells.
"Then show me how sorry you are." I said.
Mira bites her lower lip at the humiliating state she's in, she's an S-Class mage and a proud
member of Fairy Tail!
… but in the end, she obeys.
"Master… please discipline this demon with your holy sword." Mira begs, her face
completely red and panting like a dog.
"Good girl." I start slowly, thrusting forward until I reach the base, before slowly extracting
myself from her depths. As I do so, Mira moans from the rhythm, gasping and moaning at the
feeling. Her plump, bubbly ass jiggles with each smack of Asmodeus' hips. Her breasts
bounced like water balloons from every thrust.
"Look at you, from a beautiful and cheerful bartender to a horny demon bitch. I bet a lot of
your fans are masturbating right now imagining you just like this." I teased.
"N-Naaaahhh!" Mira moaned as her mind was overloaded with ecstasy.
"You say that, but your body says otherwise." I smirk as her pussy squeezes my dick so
tightly, I thought it was gonna melt. My Saiyan tail wraps around Mira's tail, stroking it up
and down as I move faster.
Mira has a prime ahegao expression on her face, clearly indicating that the sexual pleasure
was overriding her ability to form even basic coherent thoughts, with the high likelihood of
her mind being broken and reshaped by the pleasure. "C'mon. SAY IT!"

"Yes! I am a horny whore, Asmodeus-kun! Please fuck this shameless demon slut to your
heart's content!" Mirajane shamelessly professed, pink hearts replacing her black pupils.
'Yep, her mind is definitely broken and reshaped from sexual overload. She's all but addicted
to me now.' I couldn't help but think in amusement and amazement.
"Ah!" Mira moans, her body and mind full with a stronger lust than before. Her lover's, no,
her MASTER'S hot dick burning inside her like a torch, pushing and stretching inside her
over and over as he rocks his hips back and forth, making loud slapping noises with every
move while she has to tiptoe since her chest was against the wall.
He grabs a fistful of her hair with his right hand and pulls her closer to give her a kiss while
using his other hand to pull on her left hand.
"Yes, do it rougher! Show me my place!" She purrs while her master does just that.
He slams her head on the wall and fucks her harder, the pain and pleasure mixing together
causing her to reach her limit.
I'M CUMMING!" Mira moans as she reaches her climax.
"And here's your reward for your honesty!" I exclaimed as I thrust my hips forward and
slammed my dick into her womb before flooding it full of cum.
"Ah!" Mira moans as she feels her insides swelling giving her a visible bulge like Brandish.
Lemon end
The two of us collapse on the floor as exhaustion soon kicks in.
Level Up(x2)!
I stare the sweaty, mind-fucked Mira on the floor and only one word comes to mind.
"... Mine."
Later in bed
"Mou! Asmodeus-kun, you meanie!" Mira pouts as she hits me with her hands like a child.
Very cute.
"Oh, don't be like Mira. Besides, you liked it." I said with a smug smirk.
Brandish moans as she sleeps on my lap while I stroke her hair.
Mira blushes at the truth. "Yeah… but did you really have to be so rough with me?" She
cringes as she pats her butt. "My ass is all sore now."
"Hey, you were the one trying to make me your dog. I'd say we're even." I snap back.

"Okay." Mira sighs in resignation before a lustful smile soon appears. "So, ready for round
3?"
"Eh?" I look at her confused before she changes into her [Sitri Form] but without any
clothing on.
"Now, shall we?" Mira purrs sexually.
"Just… how pent up are you?"
"You have no idea." That was the last thing Mira said before she pounced on her prey.
Much further Later
The door opens and I slowly walk out of my messy room.
"All of them… she used all of her Take-Overs for sex… each more insatiable than the last." I
groaned.
[At least now she's knocked out cold]
"If it wasn't for the fact that [Sex God] allows me to go on forever, I would already be dead."
I remark.
All of her forms gave Mirajane a specific kink. For her [Satan Soul], it was humiliation.
For [Sitri] and [Halphas], it was BDSM. For [Alegria], it was anal and for [Mard Geer
Tartaros], it was fisting.
But on the bright side, I leveled up four more times.
[For someone who is a little sadistic with her enemies, she seems to be almost exclusively
a hardcore masochist in sex. Though it might be partially because you're the sexual
partner in question]
I snap my fingers and my body is wrapped in a black bathrobe. "Don't put the blame on me.
Besides, I never said I hated it."
[I'm not blaming you, just making an observation]
I tie the nob around my waist as I walk through the hallway. "Anyways, it's clear that Mira's
closet nympho, though thankfully not the obsessive kind. It might explain why she never
sought a boyfriend in the anime. Not just due to desiring a guy who genuinely loved her and
vice versa, but was able to tend to her sexual needs without taking advantage of her."
[And now that she has you, she doesn't need to worry or hold back. She must be
REALLY grateful to have met you]
"I bet." I enter the elevator and it ascends before opening its doors to reveal the grand
staircase.

After walking up the grandiose stairs, I enter the throne room and quickly take a seat in my
throne.
"One of the disadvantages of being made of [Dark Matter] is that you can no longer sleep,
so I have to watch as the days literally pass by. It's even worse when you're in a room that's
essentially a static void." I said.
[While it's good that you are now getting more sexually active with the girls, it's time to
get back to more serious matters. Even with how much everyone has grown from
training and the time we still have left, do you think we'll be ready for when Rustyrose
executes his plan?]
"I WANT to say 'yes', but there's no telling what Rustyrose has hidden up his sleeve now in
terms of his brainwashed followers or any other hidden aces." I remark.
[Then perhaps it's time to bring in reinforcements]
"Reinforcements? What reinforcements do you have in mind?" I ask in confusion.
[Remember one of the items you got for defeating Aldoron? The Isekai Summoning
Staff? I think it's time to put it to good use]
"Hm." I open my pocket dimension and pull out a beautiful black staff with a gold crescent
moon at the top and a crystal ball sitting in the middle.
"That doesn't seem like a bad idea, but who should I bring? I had forgotten I had this thing, to
be honest, and didn't think too much on using it since I can potentially meet anyone through
my travels across the Multiverse anyways." I said.
[You may have to just wing it and use the random summoning mode, since it guarantees
multiple people in a single summoning]
"Isn't that a little risky? For all I know, I could unintentionally summon Thanos, Darkseid or
even some Lovecraftian Outer God like Chthulu." I said.
[If Rustyrose succeeds in resetting the Fairy Tail universe, not only will it likely be
reshaped to suit his sick fantasies, but it likely means all the Chaos Emeralds will fall
into his possession and he can expand his reach to reshaping the entire MULTIVERSE
as he sees it. Do you really want to take THAT risk instead?]
"Okay fine, geez." I turn my attention to the staff. "Now, how do I get you to work?" Just
then, the staff's crystal begins to glow. "Hm?"
New user registered. Welcome.
"Did you just talk?" I asked.
This is a tutorial message for new users of the Isekai Summoning Staff. This staff allows
the summoning of individuals across time and space to serve as followers, servants,
teachers, lovers, and so on. All summoned individuals will be granted the unique title

known as 'Isekaijin' or 'Otherworlder', granting them an increase in their individual
stats and abilities that transcends all limits.
All summoned individuals are instilled an undetectable and unbreakable loyalty along
with heightened obedience in the individual to the summoner on a subconscious and
spiritual level as a failsafe to prevent betrayal and to improve acceptance of their new
circumstances.
"Not bad, not bad. Still doesn't explain how I can summon them though." I comment.
The Isekai Summoning Staff offers both a custom-summoning option that allows the
user to summon one specifically chosen or desired individual per day and a multirandom summoning option that allows the user to summon a maximum of 10 random
individuals per day.
For the first option, simply say the name of the desired individual. For the second, you
can choose the total number of summonings you wish to use. Once the option is chosen,
the staff will conjure a magic circle using the user's mana and the summoned
individuals will appear.
Warning: The summoning process is intended to be one-directional, and all summoned
individuals will be unable to return to their specific universes without extreme outside
interference, including those who may already be dead or those who's universe no
longer exists. Furthermore, the summoned individuals' loyalty, obedience, and servant
status will be undetectable, unbreakable, and absolute in nature, completely impossible
to reverse or resist. All summoned individuals are subsequently the responsibility of the
summoner.
This concludes the tutorial. End of message.
"Well, that was easy to understand." I cup my chin in a thinking manner. "Essentially, anyone
I summon will be instantly loyal to me, though it doesn't specify whether the summoned
individual will be the version I want or a potential variant. Also, returning them to the very
specific universe of origin may be near-impossible, assuming their universes even still exist
at all."
[On the bright side, we won't have to worry about any betrayal from the summons since
they are all hardwired to be loyal and obey your orders]
I played a little with the staff. "Now the question is who will I summon first."
[We could summon more girls for the harem, or maybe characters with fuck-you power.
Honestly, it's too tempting to be real]
"I know what you mean, it's almost too difficult not to summon my favorite characters." I
said, already having a list of names in my head. "Maybe use a name that everyone knows.
You know, as a test."
[Whatever floats your boat. It's your staff]

"..." I stare at the staff before a name comes to mind.
"Come… Merlin." I raise the staff and slam it to the floor.
The staff begins to emit an aura as a human-sized magic circle etches itself on the floor and
glows. When the glow subsides, a figure appears in the center.
She is a beautiful girl with white hair that reaches all the way to her ankles and eyes that are a
stunning magenta. Her outfit consists of a black full body skin-tight suit on top of a white
robe made of the finest fabrics styled like a dress with a mini-skirt and white heels with a
gold trim. In her right hand is a white staff with its head being completely blue on the inside.
Name: Merlin
Title: Isekaijin, Lady Avalon, Grand Caster, The Beast of the Planet, Court Mage of
Camelot, Homewrecker, That White Bitch
Level: 500
Affiliations: Camelot, Asmodeus
HP: 8,009,577
MP: 10,718,012
SP: 9,877,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Intriguing, pretty cute, weary
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
"Hi! I'm guessing you're the one who summoned me, yes?" Merlin says with a beaming
smile. "My name's Lady Avalon! Nice to meet ya!"
'Oh shit!' I thought with wide eyes. 'I got the FEMALE Merlin from Fate?! And she sounds
like Artoria to boot!'
[Maybe you should have been more specific on which Merlin you wanted to summon]
"Wait, Lady Avalon? Is that your real name?" I said.
"Yup! That's my real name, Master!"
I arch an eyebrow. "Really? Because you look like a certain shut-in-"
"Nope! I have no idea who you're talking about!" Merlin(?) quickly rejects. "I'm just a Mage
of Flowers who came from Paradise. I don't know any handsome chap who lives in a lonely
tower and spends all of his time watching girls in the shower."

"Funny. I never said it was a man." I point out and smirk as I watch the succubus freeze up on
the spot.
"Crap, I messed up!" Merlin(?) shriek.
[Yeah, this girl can't bullshit to save her life. Also, handsome? She's either narcissistic
or she has a crush on him]
"So, what's your name?" I asked.
"I already told you it's Lady Avalon! It's not Merlin!" She exclaims before realizing what she
did.
"So, it's Merlin then. Nice to meet you." I said.
"Okay fine, my name IS Merlin. Happy?" Merlin admits. "Just, don't go around telling
everybody. My name isn't exactly thought fondly of in certain circles."
Translation: she's hiding her identity because her male counterpart fucked up, or fucked
someone he shouldn't have.
"Fair enough. Oh, and my name is Asmodeus." I introduced myself. "Also, I wouldn't worry
too much about someone finding out your identity. After all, your universe and the one we
are currently in are two of an infinite ocean of possibilities, meaning that it isn't farfetched to
find others who bear the same name as you. But if it helps, feel free to refer to yourself as
Avalon."
"Thank you. And it's LADY Avalon by the way." Merli-Lady Avalon corrects me while
making the cutest glare I've ever seen.
I couldn't take her seriously with her looking at me like that.
[Well, we can safely say that this test run was a success. Why not try the multisummoning option now?]
"Hn." I hummed. "Lady Avalon. Could you come here for a moment?"
"Hm? Okay!" Lady Avalon exclaims and walks forward with a smile until she stands right
next to me.
'It's so weird hearing her voice all cheery like that. I know Artoria can get happy, but I don't
remember her sounding so… girly.' I remarked clearly disconcerted.
"Say Master, you're going to use your summoning staff to summon more servants, right?"
Lady Avalon innocently asks.
"Huh!?" I glanced at her with a bit of shock. "How did you know?"
Avalon giggles. "It's because of my [Clairvoyance], silly. I can see everything in the
present!"

My eyes widened. That's right. Merlin's main skill is his high-level [Clairvoyance] which is
only rivaled by Gilgamesh and King Solomon respectively, making him a Grand Servant
candidate.
But wait. Merlin's [Clairvoyance] only allows them to see the present, not the future. How
did she already know what my staff can do? Also, what does she mean by "everything in the
present"? Can she see everything that's happening right now all at once, or is she only able to
see things as long as they meet her perspective of "the present"?
[Let's stop there, okay? Trying to figure out the mechanics of the Nasuverse will just
give you a headache]
"Well… that was my idea, yes. Since I summoned you specifically, that means I can only
summon ten more individuals at random for the rest of the day." I said.
"Oh well, I am pretty special after all." Avalon says with a smug grin.
'Not really, but whatever floats your boat.' I thought.
"Let's just get this over with." I say before channeling mana into the Isekai Summoning Staff
and then slamming it into the ground. "I wish to use the multi-random summoning option, for
a total of the maximum of ten individuals."
Command accepted. Beginning randomized summoning sequence.
Multiple circles appear with people materializing in the center.
Name: Yuko Sagiri
Title: The Sexy Swordswoman, Doctor of Black Label, Isekaijin
Level: 189
Affiliations: Black Label, Asmodeus
HP: 907,324
MP: 0
SP: 1,099,677
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interest, cute
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Yoko Sagiri
Title: Head of the Sagiri Clan, Assassin of the Tobishiro Clan, Isekaijin

Level: 193
Affiliations: Tobishiro Clan, Asmodeus
HP: 947,214
MP: 0
SP: 1,119,888
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interest, cute, wants to fight you
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Konomi Suzue
Title: Cutie Detective, Isekaijin
Level: 170
Affiliations: Tobioka Police Force, Asmodeus
HP: 871,564
MP: 0
SP: 786,344
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to figure out why she's here
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Shizuka Marikawa
Title: Nurse of the Dead, Busty Blonde Nurse, Isekaijin
Level: 151
Affiliations: Asmodeus
HP: 775,318
MP: 0
SP: 609,123
AP: 0

Thoughts about you: Scared but feels like you're a nice person
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Chun-Li
Title: Martial Arts Master, Sexy Super Cop, Isekaijin
Level: 206
Affiliations: Interpol, Asmodeus
HP: 998,755
MP: 0
SP: 1,122,441
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Curious and ready to fight if need be
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Diana Prince (Prime)
Title: Wonder Woman, Diana of Themyscira, Champion of Themyscira, Isekaijin
Level: 227
Affiliations: Themyscira, Justice League, Asmodeus
HP: 2,754,566
MP: 0
SP: 2,845,422
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to use the Lasso of Truth to get answers, cute
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Sariel
Title: Archangel of Kindness, Mama Angel, Isekaijin
Level: 332
Affiliations: Seven Heavenly Virtues, Asmodeus

HP: 3,964,288
MP: 3,877,411
SP: 4,021,009
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Cute, but weary of the Holy and Demonic energies inside you
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Belial
Title: Lord of Vanity, Satanael, The Prideful Exibitionist, Isekaijin
Level: 336
Affiliations: Seven Mortal Sins, Asmodeus
HP: 4,101,576
MP: 3,997,231
SP: 3,995,422
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Cute, intrigued by the Holy and Demonic energies inside you
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Mammon
Title: Lord of Greed, Great Alchemist, Milky Enchantress, Isekaijin
Level: 333
Affiliations: Seven Mortal Sins, Asmodeus
HP: 4,006,277
MP: 3,987,455
SP: 3,972,900
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Cute, intrigued by the Holy and Demonic energies inside you
Current status: Servant (Permanent)

Name: Chisato Hasegawa
Title: Afureia, Strongest Goddess of the Ten Gods, Isekaijin
Level: 452
Affiliations: Ten Gods (Former), Hijirigasaka Academy (Nurse), Asmodeus
HP: 6,880,769
MP: 6,045,990
SP: 5,712,887
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Cute, curious about your sealed power
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
'Why are they all GIRLS!? And is that WONDER WOMAN!?' I yelled.
[Bwahaha! Ya see?! This is definitely a sign from the multiverse to get off your ass and
be more active with women!]
'Shut it, you perverted system! This is all your fault!'
[Oh no, I had nothing to do with this friend. This is all on you]
"Excuse me." I lookup as Diana takes a step forward. "But who are you, and where are we?"
"Hm? Oh, my name is Asmodeus. A pleasure to meet you, miss." I then gestured to my left.
"And the lovely lady next to me is Lady Avalon."
"Hi~ It's a pleasure to meet you all, onee-samas!" Lady Avalon greets with a bright smile.
Berial and Mammon are surprised by my name while Sariel looks at me with suspicion.
"I think it's your turn to introduce yourselves." I point out.
"I suppose that is fair. I am Diana of Themyscira, but I am also called Wonder Woman."
Diana said.
"My name is Shizuka Marikawa. I'm a nurse." Shizuka said.
"I'm Chisato Hasegawa. I'm also a nurse." Chisato adds.
[Mhm. Sure, sure]
"My name is Yuka Sagiri. I'm just like them." Yuka says with a motherly smile.

Chisato and Shizuka turn to Yuka. ""You're a nurse, too!?""
The amber-haired twin glances at the interaction before looking back at the man. "... Yoko."
"My name is Chun-Li. I'm a Kung-Fu teacher and the director of the special criminal
intelligence division at Interpol." Chun-Li explains, getting the attention of a couple of ladies.
'An important person.' Shizuka and Chisato thought with slight awe.
Yoko and Yuka analyze her and see she's not lying based on the way she carries herself.
"Really!? You're Interpol!? That's so cool!" Konomi said. "I'm detective Konomi Suzue of the
Tobioka Police Force in Japan!"
Diana nods in approval. "It's good to know there are brave and good women here striving to
help and protect people."
Yoko couldn't help but roll her eyes a bit but still kept her gaze on Konomi and Chun-Li.
"I am the Demon Lord Mammon, Lord of Greed and one of the Seven Mortal Sins who rule
Hell." Mammon says, catching the attention of all the human girls who had never seen a real
demon before, let alone a Demon Lord.
"I am the Great Demon Lord Belial, the Lord of Vanity and leader of the Seven Mortal Sins
who rule hell!" Belial proudly states.
"You don't lead the Seven Mortal Sins anymore, Belial. Lucifer does." Mammon rebutted,
causing Belial to glare at her.
"(Shut up!)" Berial hissed.
"I am Sariel, the Archangel of Kindness and a member of the Seven Heavenly Virtues!"
Sariel happily states with a beaming smile.
"Ah, the light! It burns!" Lady Avalon exclaims and hides behind my throne.
"Nice to meet you all. As for your second question, you are in my fortress, the [Aincrad]." I
told them.
"If you don't mind me asking out of curiosity," Sariel's heavenly voice catches my attention.
"But why is it that you bear the name of the Demon Lord of Lust and one of the Seven Mortal
Sins despite being male? And why do I sense both Holy and Demonic power from you,
Asmodeus-san?" Sariel asks.
"No, I don't mind. The answer's actually two-fold: I bear the name Asmodeus because I am
from another universe." I told her. "There are many beings to bear my name, either as a title,
rank or a surname. Most are, of course, male with only a few female variants."
Shizuka tilts her head innocently. "Another universe?"

"Right. Basically, each of you were summoned from one of the main universes that comprises
the multiverse. Some of you may be from the same universe but from different timelines,
while others hail from different realities all together." I explained.
Konomi tries to think about it, but ends up getting frustrated. "This is too hard!"
"Trust me, if you think that was hard, you don't wanna hear the technical version. It'll make
your brain pop like a balloon." I said.
Chisato stares as she takes the information in. Being once part of the Ten Gods, she is aware
of the existence of alternate universes. She has even been to a few herself. Still, she never
thought someone of her caliber would be summoned to another universe by someone else,
which speaks volumes of his power.
"As for your other question, I'm what some would call a chimera." I said. "My body is
composed of multiple races. Mainly human, alien, dragon, angel, and demon."
Everyone's surprised to hear this, and the room goes deathly quiet.
That is until a sudden huff enters everyone's ears.
"First, you say we're in another universe and now you're telling us you're some kind of
amalgamation of the strongest races? Do you take us for fools or something?" Belial said,
clearly annoyed.
"I'm sorry, but I have to agree with Belial. Your story is just too far-fetched to be taken
seriously." Mammon said. "If you want us to believe you, then you'll need to show proof."
I really wanted to let out a sigh right now. I thought the staff's supposed to make the
summons loyal and obedient, yet they keep looking at me with doubt and skepticism.
[The staff works as intended, but being loyal and obedient doesn't equal lack of free
will. Take for example Nazarick's Floor Guardians, they are absolutely loyal to Ainz
and would die for him, but they still retain their individual wills and emotions]
"Very well then." I stand up from my throne and walk towards the exit.
"Where are you going?" Yoko asks as she watches him walk past her.
"You ladies want proof, I'll happily give it to you." I said as the twin doors open on their own.
"I just need to do it someplace more… open."
With that, I walk out of the throne room and the women all quickly follow suit.
"WAIT FOR ME!" Lady Avalon jumps out from her hiding place and rushes in and jumps,
narrowly avoiding getting crushed by the closing doors.
After a lengthy tread, they all arrive at their destination: the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
Needless to say, everyone was in for a surprise.

"Holy shit!" Belial screams, her voice echoing loudly throughout the empty void.
"By Hera…" Diana whispers in awe.
"It's… bigger on the inside!" Shizuka exclaims out loud.
"You know, I thought it probably was." I close the door behind me. "Glad it's not just me."
Chisato weakly points to the white void. "How… Did you do this? It shouldn't be possible."
"A good question for another time. Now, if you'll excuse me." I said walking past her. "Oh,
and don't try to walk past the threshold or else you'll be pinned down under ten times the
Earth's gravity."
Upon hearing this, the summoned girls were careful to heed my warning, already caught off
guard by the mere sight and existence of the Hyperbolic Time Chamber.
"Now, you all expressed skepticism of me being an amalgamation of several races, so I
intend to prove it right here." I begin as I cross the threshold and turn to face everyone.
I transform into my original devil form, surprising the group by the sudden and fluid change.
"Whoa… he was telling the truth." Mammon says in surprise.
"Nice!" Lady Avalon gives me a thumb's up.
The group stares in awe at the beautiful set of black wings before their faces turn red.
"W-Wow. Your wings are so pretty." Konomi stutters what everyone's thinking.
"This is my devil form, or to be more accurately, this is the form I unlocked when I first
awakened my potential." I clarified.
"Cute. But I can tell that isn't your full power." Belial points out. "Come on, show us what
you got." She smirks. "Unless you're lying."
I blink before getting ready. "Alright, but don't say I didn't warn you."
Dark energy surrounds me before exploding into a dark pillar that eclipses the light in the
void and making everyone hold onto something so that they aren't blown away.
"This… this is!" Sariel exclaims as her body is slowly pushed back. "How can something like
you exist!?"
The pillar fades and everyone looks to see his new demon form.
"Well, satisfied?" I said in a much lower, gravely tone.
All the girls are shocked at his new appearance, with Belial, Mammon, Sariel, and Chisato
being the most shocked.

Although all of them can't help but blush at the sight of the handsome devil in front of them,
even in regards to Sariel.
"And for my next trick." I cross my arms together and throw them back causing a silver
aura to envelop me as my horns disappear and my red skin returns to its natural color. My
hair returns to its original length but is now white as fourteen large white and black bird
wings sprout from my back.
"This is my Fallen Seraphim form." I said with a calming and caring tone.
Again this surprises everyone, but none were more shocked than Chisato, Belial, Mammon,
and Sariel.
Chisato felt the insane energy coming from this form and did a double take to make sure that
he wasn't one of the Ten Gods.
Sariel was ecstatic. She didn't think there could be other archangels like her out there since
she and the other virtues were the oldest ones around. But now there was one in front of her
and while some of his wings were blackened, his remaining white wings were a sign of
possible redemption.
"O-Okay, you convinced me that you can turn into an angel and devil." Belial stutters before
quickly throwing back, "but I bet you can't turn into a dragon!"
"Belial!" Mammon shouts at the mortal sin.
"You want to see a dragon? Fine! I'm gonna go all the way!" I declared.
[Show this stubborn devil why she shouldn't underestimate us]
I close my as I tap into my [True Dragon God Transformation] for the first time.
*BA-BUMP!*
"!" I open my eyes and my body explodes with tremendous cosmic power, enveloping me in
a cocoon of energy as my body grows and morphs.
The others cover their eyes as a powerful whirlwind threatens to blast them away.
"W-Whoa!" Konomi loses her balance and is sent tumbling backwards but the golden lasso
wraps itself around one of her wrists.
"Hang on!" Diana yells.
When it dissipated, everyone was overwhelmingly shocked at the site of a MASSIVE dragon
standing upright, whose scales were a silver grey with eyes brimming with uncheck cosmic
power, with wings just as a large that look like they were watching the night sky.
"H-He really is part Dragon." Even Yoko Sagiri can't help but stutter in shock and awe, a
sentiment shared by the other girls.

"So… so big!" Lady Avalon says in awe. 'His form dwarfs Beast VI/S.'
Shizuka and Konomi faint on the spot.
Belial and Mammon were completely speechless.
Yuka, Diana Chun-Li feel the fear crawling down their spines at the sight of such an
impossible being. It was like they were staring at a God.
And GOD was staring back!
Chisato looks on in awe as the MASSIVE shadow eclipses the entire building.
'To think, a being such as him exists. It's incredible.' Chisato thought before she
grimaced. 'It's a good thing we aren't in my universe, otherwise he would be hunted down for
the rest of his life.'
The display doesn't last long as the dragon quickly shrinks as new energy surges from him.
Upon clearing up, everyone was deeply shocked to see me in my [Super Saiyan 4] form.
This time ALL the girls were tomato-red from blushing, their eyes blatantly ogling his figure
with heavy lust radiating off them and were drooling at the sight of me.
Even Sariel, who was an Archangel who was normally above such "sinful" feelings, along
with Diana, whose reputation as Wonder Woman would make the notion of her reacting in
such a way seem utterly preposterous, were ultimately no exception.
"Still think I'm lying, Belial?" I asked the Demon Lord in my new deep and alluring voice,
though she didn't bother responding as her eyes were too deeply clouded by lust and arousal,
her expression implying she practically wanted to screw me right here regardless of the
audience.
[It's official: Super Saiyan 4 is the "lady-killer" of all Super Saiyan forms]
"By Hera, I think I'm in love." Diana said in a dreamy tone, pink hearts replacing her pupil.
"Me too." The rest of the girls state simultaneously.
[You know, I think I understand why females universally react this way whenever you
turn Super Saiyan 4. While Devil's Charm, Ultimate Adonis, and Harem God all but
guarantee your appeal to ALL females as the potentially ideal lover and partner, the
raw and primal potency of SSJ4 cranks it up to eleven, effectively turning them into
bitches in heat]
I revert back to normal and make my way back to the house.
Only to suddenly find myself being smothered by a mountain of breasts.

"Asmodeus-sama, please forgive my unsightly attitude! You will have my unconditional
support and even my loyalty henceforth!" Belial states in a pleading tone, wrapping herself
around one of my arms, pressing her massive L-cup breasts firmly against it.
"Same here, Asmodeus-sama!" Mammon said, doing the same with my other arm with her
own L-cup breasts.
"Whatever you need from me, you will have it, Asmodeus-sama~" Yoko huskily purred in my
ear as she pressed her own L-cup breasts against my back and wrapped herself against me in
a firm embrace.
"And you can expect the same from me, Asmodeus-sama." Chisato said in a seductive tone as
she embraced my chest and pressed her somewhat smaller K-cup breasts against it.
The other girls look like they want to join in too, but can't due to no space.
Even Diana's no exception. Actually looking jealous as the girls pile around me with no room
for her to join.
[…well, at least now we know how to entice their loyalties. I mean, getting even
WONDER WOMAN to react in such a way is an achievement in an of itself]
'No kidding. Their shift in attitude is a complete 180, almost like a less eccentric combination
of Brandish and Irene. Not that I'm complaining, though.' I thought as I got buried between
masses of flesh.
[Just try to be more social with them. It would be wasteful to have such devotion and
loyalty being ignored, even if it can get a tad bit annoying. Their personalities and free
will may be fully intact, but you have undeniably become someone whose well-being,
goals, respect, and opinions have now become deeply important to all of them]
'Okay, I get it. Are you gonna be repeatedly reiterating this from now on?' I mentally ask with
some exasperation and annoyance.
[if it means beating it into your thick skull, then hell yes. It's good that you aren't a
shameless pervert who only sees and values beautiful women for their bodies and sex,
instead seeing them as individuals with their own personalities, interests, dreams, and
feelings that you are considerate of, but not ALL relationships form the same way or go
the typical "normal" or "traditional" route that the people of your original world often
think it should go. And intimacy is a much more important part of this type of personal
relationship than some in your original world give credit for. Meaning Sex WILL be
important, as opposed to just your personal satisfaction]
'Fine. I still admittedly find it a little odd that an AI for a Gamer System is rather INSISTENT
on me being sexually intimate with girls on at least a somewhat regular basis compared to
the stories I read, but I can tell you aren't simply doing so for perverse reasons but rather just
looking out for me and the girls.' I mentally acknowledged with a somewhat appreciative
tone.

[it's good for motivation and morale too, which is something you and the others WILL
need going forward from now on]
"Hehe." I chuckle which the girls found odd.
"Is something the matter?" Sariel asks.
"It's nothing. I just realized something important, that's all." I straighten myself and look at
the girls. " I want you all to know that even though we just met, I already care greatly for
you. And I will do everything in my power to look out for the well-being and interests of
each of you, along with doing my best in living up to whatever expectations you are now
building of me."
"It's good to know you think so highly of us, despite being complete strangers." Diana replied
in an approving tone. "But I believe you said we were summoned from our respective
universes, but you never told us why?"
"W-Well, you see…" I stutter as I try to come up with an answer. 'Fuck! I can't tell them I
summoned them all for fun! That would ruin the foundation that I already established!'
"It's quite elementary, my dear Amazon." Everyone turns to Lady Avalon. "It's because the
Master needs our help."
"He needs our help?" Shizuka asks.
"That's right, miss fap material!" Lady Avalon replies.
"F-Fap material!?" A flustered Shizuka exclaimed.
"Our Master is under threat by an evil man who's trying to take over the universe and later
the multiverse. And so, he has summoned us to help protect this world from that madman!"
Lady Avalon declares.
My jaw locked open at the succubus' explanation, mostly because of how scarcely accurate it
is.
[Has she been stalking us? It would explain how she knew about the staff and such]
I feel something grab my right hand and turn to see Chisato crying anime tears.
"To think you had such a burden. Of course I'll help!" Chisato declares.
"Eh?" I then feel someone grabbing my other hand.
"I may not be strong, but you can count on me to help you in any way!" Konomi declares.
"Sounds fun, I'm in." Yoko says with mild excitement in her tone.
"Me too." Yuka adds, getting a quick glance from her twin before letting out a quiet huff.

"Uh." I glance at Lady Avalon's direction who gives me a smile and thumb's up.
"What Lady Avalon says is correct." I began to regain my composure. "I used a special
artifact that allows me to summon individuals to support and/or aid me as I see fit, while said
summoned abilities become infinitely stronger as a side effect of the summoning process,
with each of you being randomly summoned by it." I explained. "As for why, my allies and I
are preparing for a fight which will not only determine the fate of this specific universe, but
the rest of the infinite multiverse as well, including each of the universes and timelines that
you all originate from."
[Not gonna lie, that sounds like a lot of bullshit but you sound so serious that anyone
would buy it]
"What could you possibly be facing that could threaten not just this universe but so many
others?" Chisato asked in curiosity and concern.
"Many things, really. In particular, a set of artifacts known as the Chaos Emeralds." I take out
one of them from the void and show it to them. "They are conduits of infinite power, and are
capable of granting the user's wishes no matter how impossible or logic-defying they may
be."
Everyone stares at the emerald in his hands and can't but both admire and feel slight
apprehension for it.
The power to do anything you wish. Who wouldn't be tempted by such an artifact? They
could use that power to do a lot of good, bring back the loved ones they lost.
However, they understand that such power can easily corrupt the user and that it would
destroy them before they can destroy others.
"Seven of these emeralds exist, with a larger one acting as the controller." I said. "An old
enemy from the past named Rustyrose has obtained one of the emeralds and is now trying to
use it to reset the multiverse and reshape it in his image."
"But… why go so far?" Even Mammon couldn't comprehend such a thing.
"Honestly, I think he lost his mind because only someone who has nothing to lose would
want to pull this off." I told her.
"What's he like?" Yoko asks. If he knows more about this man, then maybe she can use it to
her advantage.
"A real megalomaniac with God Complex and narcissistic personality to accompany it." I
said. "He thinks of himself as a real god and kidnaps any woman he fancies to brainwash
them and modifies them into his soldiers/sex slaves. He would no doubt go after you all the
moment he saw you." I continued. "He plans to collect the other remaining emeralds that I
have along with the seventh emerald, but I don't know where it is yet." I narrow my eyes. "If
he gets all of them, then he'll truly become an all-powerful God who can force his ambitions

and twisted desires on the entire Multiverse. And no doubt go after your universes and turn
them into his playthings with you all becoming his toys."
At hearing this, all of the girls, including the ones with a seemingly gentler demeanor like
Shizuka and Sariel, had steely expressions that conveyed both their disgust at Rustyrose's
plans and their determination to help me stop him.
"If what you say is true, then you can count me in. Someone with such despicable and
disgusting goals cannot be allowed to succeed or go unpunished." Diana answered firmly.
"Same here. I've dealt with many of the worst criminal scumbags and organizations Interpol
has ever faced, yet this is clearly a whole new level. But all the more reason to stop him."
Chun-Li said, with Konomi nodding in agreement.
"I think I would rather die than be some freak's sex slave." Yoko said darkly, with Yuko
sharing the sentiment with her estranged twin sister.
"If what you say is true, then he will need to be stopped for the sake of all." Sariel said.
"Such an insolent vermin will no doubt need to be punished." Belial agreed, with Mammon
nodding as well.
"You can expect my support as well, Asmodeus-sama. Whether in battle or in healing."
Chisato informed me, with Shizuka nodding on the side.
"Hehehe! This will be fun to watch~" Lady Avalon giggled.
*BOOM!*
An explosion rockets the room, causing everyone to jump in surprise.
"What the hell was that!?" Belial demands.
Multiple screens appear in front me. "Handles, report."
"HULL BREACH. UNIDENTIFIED HUMANOIDS DETECTED." Handles states.
"Give me the location."
"FLOOR 12, SECTION 7."
"That's where Fairy Tail is staying." I mutter. "Lookdown the entire floor. I'm heading there
now."
"BE ADVISED. FAIRY TAIL HAS ALREADY MOBILIZED TO INTERCEPT."
"Of course they did. They just can't help themselves." I drily remarked.
"What's going on?" Shizuka asks with clear concern.
The holographic screens close as I look at the woman. "We're being invaded."

"[Fire Dragon's Roar]!" Natsu unleashes a hellish blast of flames that melts his enemies
instantly.
"[Ice Make: Prison]!" Gray conjures a large rectangular cage out of ice that traps his foes in.
"Dammit! Just where are they coming from!?"
A while ago, everyone was relaxing/partying after a year of training (they were still trying to
cope with the fact that a year in there was a day out here) when suddenly the walls exploded
and a bunch of these metal men crawled out of the exit like roaches and started attacking.
Happy flies towards a few of the golems. "Time to dazzle them all with my new moves." He
gathers energy into his mouth and fires a beam at them.
… but it was so weak that it didn't even make a dent in their metal bodies.
The golems all turn to the blue Exceed who can only let out a nervous chuckle.
"Hehe… you know, from a certain viewpoint, you guys look pretty cool." Happy said, but
that doesn't stop them from leaping for him. "HELP!"
Before the golems can inch closer, red energy swords suddenly impale them to the wall.
Happy turns to Erza with her hand stretched out. "Erza!"
"It's a good thing Asmodeus-kun helped us train for a whole year," Erza leaps back and
decapitates more golems with her sword "or else we would have been overwhelmed by now."
"No kidding, these things are like a horde of Locusts but with the tenacity of cockroaches!"
Cana complains as she blasts them to pieces.
However, the remains start to converge and quickly put themselves back together.
"They just keep coming and getting back up. It's like they can instantly repair any damage we
inflict on them!" Cana curb stomps one of the golem's heads. "It's thanks to Azzy that we're
still alive."
"Destructo Discs!" Wendy throws two energy discs and slices them golems to pieces.
Juvia fires water projectiles infused with Ki, damaging the golems from the inside as they
seep into the cracks in their bodies.
She forms water blades in her hands and slices them into pieces.
"Juvia is the strongest!" Juvia proclaims.
Laki slams her hands onto the floor and massive tree roots burst out from the metal floor and
trap all of the golems like snakes before quickly crushing them.
"Damn! Just how many are there?!" Mest complains as more golems take their place.

Behind you!" Max yells.
Mest turns to see a group of golems about to dogpile on him.
*SLASH!*
"Huh?" Mest stares at the frozen dolls before they quickly fall in pieces.
He turns to see a beautiful, tall, and voluptuous young woman with long amber hair and eyes
wearing a skin-tight and low-cut black bodysuit that stops midway showing off her
impressive cleavage.
She sheathes her katana back into its scabbard and coldly glances at the wizard. "... you
okay?"
"Um…" Mest slowly nods, still mesmerized by the woman.
"Sorry for the delay. But we had to drop off a few people before coming here." A familiar
voice registers in his mind.
"Asmodeus!" Mest smiles before finally noticing the group of beautiful women. "Whoa…"
His eyes are then drawn to the white-haired woman. "Why is she naked!?"
"Shut up! I-It's not by choice!" Belial yells.
"But you didn't deny that you liked it~" Mammon teases, causing Belial's face to turn red.
Chun-Li looks at the surrounding damage. "It seems your allies had things handled."
"But now we're here to finish it." Yuka finishes as she brandishes her katana.
"I don't like fighting robots, mostly because of how annoyingly tenacious they can be." Yoko
remarks before giving me a quick peck to the lips and a confident expression on her face.
"Asmodeus-sama, I humbly ask that you allow me to test the abilities you were graciously
willing to give me."
"By all means, go ahead. But if you feel overwhelmed, don't hesitate in retreating or asking
me for help. There is no shame in either." I inform her before projecting an image of Fairy
Tail's guild symbol via [Memory-Make] magic. "And if you see anyone with this symbol,
don't hesitate to help them."
"Understood, Asmodeus-sama." Yoko nods before looking back at Mest with cold eyes
causing him to flinch. "And I would respectfully ask that you stop staring at my body,
particularly my chest, and inform your male companions to do the same. While I'm aware of
the effect my looks and attire have on others and often use it to my advantage, Asmodeussama is ultimately the only male I will allow to stare and touch my body as he chooses.
Unless you wish me to cut off your manhood?"
"H-Hai!" Mest stuttered in fear before Yoko and the other women took off. "Where do you
FIND these girls, Asmodeus?!"

"I summoned them with a magic staff." I replied honestly, causing Mest to glare at me.
"If you don't wanna tell me that's fine, but come up with a better story than that." He said.
[I told you they wouldn't believe you]
I watch my Isekaijin take care of the robots with ease, but my concern and apprehension
grows as I pay attention to the robots.
Anthropomorphic and metallic humanoids with a familiar head-design vaguely resembling a
bug or a devil.
A design that I knew VERY well.
[Still, if it was Ultron, why hasn't he made an appearance yet? Better yet, why hasn't he
taken over Aincrad's systems? Unless…]
"Unless Ultron isn't behind the drones." I surmised.
"Indeed. How astute of you to notice."
"!" I turn around and am met face-to-face with a robot that takes the form of a voluptuous
woman with long flowing light-colored hair. She wears a form-fitting suit of white armor and
long robes.
Name: Athena
Title: The True White Wizard, Negative Legacy, Transcendent
Affiliation: Rebellious, Gold Owl
Level: 475
HP: 7,380,606
MP: 7,105,223
SP: ∞
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Curious, prime target
"Hello, it is very nice to meet you all. I am Athena." Athena says with a serene smile. "I am
here to retrieve the wizards of Fairy Tail and the Chaos Emeralds in your possession."
Author Notes
So here it is. Took a long ass time to write this, would have been much longer without Omni's
help.

So a lot of stuff happened. With some of Fairy Tail now being Ki users, and the summoning
of characters from Fate, Triage X, Highschool of the Dead, Seven Heavenly Virtues, Street
Fighter, The Testament of Sister New Devil, and DC.
Not to mention the perks and skills that make him more broken than ever.
The end draws near for Fairy Tail, so be patient, because the wait will be worth it.
You all may be wondering why there's "prime" in Wonder Woman's name. Basically, the
Wonder Woman that was summoned is the culmination of all the Wonder Women that have
appeared since her inception, making her the very CONCEPT of Wonder Woman given
physical form, unbound to a singular interpretation of her character.
It's easier for me because there's more flexibility when it comes to writing her character.
My decision for including her was partially inspired by the RWBY DC crossover movie. I
mean if RoosterTeeth can do it, why can't I?
If you hate it, then don't read it. This is fanfiction, it's meant to let people's imagination run
wild.
Peace~

Chapter 26: Fairy Tail: Iron Maiden
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime.
"How do you know about the emeralds?" I ask, a hint of curiosity and caution laced in my
voice.
Athena's smile never left her face. In fact, she looks almost… intrigued?
"How interesting," Athena began, her voice soft and sly, like silk. "You are unaffected,
despite being only a mere few feet away. No wonder my master is so curious about you."
"!" I snap back around and see tears rolling off everyone's faces.
"W-What!? W-Why can't I stop crying!?" Yuko says as she desperately tries to wipe her tears.
"This is most cumbersome." Diana comments.
"Why do I feel so sad!?" Mammon cries.
"WAAAAAH!" Happy cries.
I turn back to the smiling doll. "... you used [Alchemy]."
"Correct." Athena replies. "I transmuted their tears. This is my power."
"A-[Alchemy]!?" Lucy began. "Y-You're lying! Alchemy involves mixing ingredients to
create something different!"
"That simply shows how small-minded you wizards are." Athena remarks, but then notices
steam in the background.
"You're one interesting lady!" Natsu grins, evaporating his tears with his heat.

"Nice, Salamander!" Gajeel exclaims.
[I feel like there's a joke tied to this, but I can't seem to remember]
"Why are you after Fairy Tail?" I asked.
"I have no need to answer." Athena responds.
"Why is Gold Owl after the Chaos Emeralds?" Erza asks.
"I have no need to answer." Athena says again.
"So you're saying, if we want answers," Natsu cracks his knuckles "we just gotta kick your
ass."
I huff. "If that's what it takes, I'm all for it."
Quest Unlocked!
Quest: Puppets on Strings
Stop Athena from getting Fairy Tail and the Chaos Emeralds.
Objective: Defeat Athena
Rewards: 667,899 EXP, 777,091 Credits, Perks, Items
Athena simply stares before her eyes begin to glow.
"!?" Athena fires twin energy beams from her eyes.
*BOOM!*
The view switches to the outside as an explosion is visible from the fortress' stone wall.
Athena's eyes stop glowing as she surveys the damage though to her surprise, a black barrier
stands in front of her with everyone on the other side unharmed.
"Heh." I smirk. "Is that the best you can do?"
Athena fires again, the beams bounce off the barrier and redirect it to the outside.
"Interesting. No one has deflected my beam attack." Athena remarks.
A gold hand appears by my side and snaps its fingers, causing everything to return back to
how it was before in an instant.
"Hey, the tears stopped!" Lucy said.
"Yay!" Happy cheers.

Athena looks around, unable to comprehend what just happened.
"!" She jolts as she suddenly feels a hand caressing her shoulder.
"Let's take this outside." A Groundbridge opens under their feet and the two are sucked into
it.
"Wait for me!" Natsu yells and he jumps in just as the portal closes.
A green portal opens up high in a barren desert, and two figures fall out of it.
They land gracefully on the ground and stare at each other.
"Not really the place I had in mind, but that's what I get for not setting a destination."
However, a noise rings in my ears as I turn to the swirling vortex above. "Hm?"
"AAAAAHHHHH!" A screaming Natsu descends from the Groundbridge just as it closes.
[The idiot's gonna die from falling that height]
"Give him a sec. He's got this." I said.
Natsu stops screaming and twists himself upwards with his feet facing the ground. He then
ignites the soles of his feet, acting as rockets, slowing down his descent until he neatly lands
on the ground next to me.
"Phew! That was close!" Natsu then looks at his new surroundings. "Hey, Azzy, where are
we?"
I shrug. "Don't know."
"Well done. I am impressed." Our heads swivel back to the mechanical doll. "It's no wonder
why my master wants you terminated."
"Your master…" I began. "Wouldn't happen to be the guildmaster of Gold Owl, right?"
Natsu turns to me confused. "Gold Owl?"
"Correct, my master's name is Duke Barbaroa, he seeks to eliminate the Dragon Gods and
fulfill my wish." Athena states.
"And what is your wish?" I asked.
"I have no need to answer." Athena responds.
"Tell me…" I stare directly at Athena. "Was one of your members called Rustyrose?"
"I see you are familiar with the traitor." Athena states, her smile thinning a bit. "He will be
found and dealt with for his betrayal."

"Not if I get my hands on him first." Everyone turns as Cell appears using Instant
Transmission. "You should have told me we were having guests. I would have offered them
drinks and everything."
"She wasn't invited. She broke in with her robot minions." I replied drily. "I was introducing
our new friends to the fortress when she caused an explosion."
"Oh? More females for you to fornicate with? Wonderful." Cell sarcastically remarks.
"It's not like I'm doing it on purpose. I can't help it if I'm a natural chick magnet." I defend.
Cell turns to the mechanical doll. "So, who are you supposed to be?"
"I am Athena. An Alchemical Doll." Athena responds.
Cell laughs. "Alchemical Doll? So you're a rip off of Androids, and a bad one from the way
you look."
Athena's eyes narrow slightly as Cell belittles her.
"That was a good laugh, I need that." Cell sighs before getting into a stance. "Now, shall we
get started?"
"You want to fight me?" A perplexed Athena asks.
"But of course. You are emitting [Chaos Energy] though unlike us, you put no effort into
suppressing it." Cell points out.
"Really? I don't sense anything." Natsu said.
"That's because you are too weak to sense her." A multi-colored aura envelops Athena. "She
may not be aware of it, but she's packing more power than she lets on."
"All right. Go nuts." I said, making Natsu's head whip to my direction.
"What!? You're joking!?" Natsu exclaims.
"I'm not. Besides, we can afford to wait." I told him. "She's all yours, Cell."
+23 Reputation from Perfect Cell (23/100)
"Hmph." Cell smirks as the insect wings on his back extend outwards. "You're too kind."
He flies straight for her with a vicious grin.
"Aw, why does that prick get to go first?" Natsu whines at me.
"Sorry, Natsu, but Cell needs this." I said, which confuses Natsu. "He needs to fight strong
opponents not just for fun, but to validate his existence. He was built to be the strongest, so
he would naturally go after the strongest person to prove himself." I turn to Natsu. "If you

had stepped in, he would no doubt have killed you just to retain his claim to her. Do you
understand?"
Natsu nods.
"Besides," I turn my attention back to the battle as a huge gust of wind blows in our direction.
"I doubt she's the only strong member of her guild, so it's best to conserve your strength and
be ready for whatever may happen."
Cell and Athena throw fists at each other as their bodies flicker throughout the battlefield.
The Bio-Android's punches are swift and powerful, but Athena's grace and hyper-fast agility
allows her to parry all of his strikes with ease.
Cell goes in for a rising kick, but Athena blocks it with her forearm. However, the strength
behind it was enough to send the artificial being flying across the field.
Cell fires a volley of ki shots at Athena, but she manages to land on her hands and leap away
from the energy balls.
"You really think I would make it so easy?" Cell taunts.
Athena lands on her feet, only to see the dozens of ki orbs idly floating around her.
"Hellzone Grenade!" Cell yells and orbs rain down on Athena creating a giant cloud of dust.
When the smoke dissipates, Athena is revealed to be on the ground kneeling with visible
scorch marks all over her body.
"What a disappointment." Cell walks forward and stands before the doll. "I was hoping for a
better challenge from this universe's Androids. But I guess I got my hopes up for nothing."
"... really?" Athena looks at Cell with a smile. "The fight has only just begun."
"That's right."
"!" Cell whips back as he blocks a punch from Athena. "Wha-!?" He glances back to where
the other Athena.
There was nobody there.
"Surprised? I transmuted a clone of myself just before the fight began." Athena reveals.
"Although much weaker, they are perfect for distractions and reconnaissance."
Athena opens her mouth and energy gathers between her jaw, intending on firing it at pointblank range.
Cell quickly gathers ki into his right hand and raises up to Athena's face before firing it.
"!"

*BOOM!*
The resulting collision detonates the entire arena, engulfing it in a powerful explosion.
"Ahhh!" Natsu is blown back by the shockwave but a hand grabs onto his leg.
"Summoning Jutsu!" I slam my into the ground and from a puff of smoke, causing a giant
drill-beaked bird to appear and lift us off from the explosion.
"Wow! Where did this big bird come from!?" Natsu exclaims as he explodes every nook and
cranny of the creature. "And what's with all these black things!? It doesn't look hurt even
though they're everywhere!"
"..." I didn't pay any attention as I stared down at the newly-formed large crater below us.
Deep in ground zero, a silhouette can be seen within the heavy smoke.
"How bold. To detonate an energy attack at such a close proximity to my own is nothing
short of suicidal." The smoke dissipates, revealing an intact Athena with heavy scorch marks
around her mouth. "If I was human, I would have been quite frightened."
The view shifts to Cell, or rather, his lower torso that managed to survive.
"It is over. Now, to resume my mission." She turns and walks away before stopping as she
senses something amiss.
The lower body begins to wobble before a new upper torso sprouts forth from the burned top.
"Haa! That's much better!" Cell exclaims as he stretches his new arms.
"!?" Athena jumps back, her surprised expression totally visible. "Impossible…!"
Cell laughs. "Little girl, you will find that I do not adhere to your definition of 'possible'."
"..." Athena stares as the monster cracks his neck.
"Well, that was a nice little warm-up," Cell cracks his neck "but don't you think it's time we
get serious?"
Before she can reply, Cell immediately charges at her blinding speed and punches her in the
face, sending her flying.
As she tries to regain her bearings, Cell appears behind her and spin-kicks her in the head,
sending her flying once again.
Cell immediately starts using rapid Instant Transmissions to repeatedly knock Athena in all
manner of directions before she can try to defend herself.
It eventually culminated in Cell punching her to the ground.

'This is illogical! He was not this strong before!' Athena then hits an epiphany. 'Could it be…
that he has been holding back all of this time?'
"Now the REAL battle can begin!" Cell extends his arm, opens his palm and turns his hand
up right. He then condenses his ki in his palm. "Let's find out just how resilient you are. Big
Bang Attack!" He fires the large ki blast at the robot.
Athena barely manages to get on her feet before looking up to see the large blast coming
towards her.
*BOOM!*
A large explosion engulfs Athena.
Cell looks blankly as the smoke disperses, revealing Athena alive, surrounded by a violet
barrier.
"You still have some fighting in you. That's great. It will make breaking you that much
satisfying." Cell states.
Athena extends his arms and they transform into twin arm cannons and fires large energy
beams.
"Chaos Control." Cell vanishes from his spot just as the beams reach their supposed target
and continue forward until they collide with a large rock formation, eviscerating it on contact.
*CRASH!*
Athena glances down and finds her right shoulder and arm dangling downwards, revealing
the wiring and frame underneath.
She slowly turns only to see a hand right in front of her face and fires another blast, sending
her spiraling before landing hard into the ground.
Athena struggles to stand, her body having suffered significant damage, but manages to send
Cell a blank glare.
"What a bore. I thought you'd be stronger than this, but it seems that I was wrong." Cell says
with clear disappointment.
"Tell me…" Athena begins. "What… are you?"
"Interested, hm? I suppose I can give you that much." Cell said. "You could say that I'm like
you, but unlike you I am fully biological."
"Impossible! No one on Earthland can create life except for the [Black Wizard]! Even
Master Duke's [Alchemy] can only do so much." Athena denies.
"You're right about one thing: no one on Earthland can create life. But I am not from this
world." Cell smirks.

Athena realizes what that means. "You are… an Otherworlder?"
"Hm? So you do know about us." Cell comments.
"Yes, Gold Owl has been studying the Chaos Emeralds. They managed to break the barriers
between worlds and saw what was beyond." Athena's glare intensifies. "How are you here?
And why are you in this world?"
"You can thank our common colleague for that." Cell said the word obvious sarcasm. "He
promised me the incredible power of [Chaos Energy] if I helped him with his plans in
obtaining the Chaos Emeralds and reshaping this Universe as he sees fit. He gave me power,
but it was inconsequential in the end."
"I see." Athena acknowledged.
"Tell me," Cell began. "Why haven't you used your chaos powers yet? I can feel the energy
inside you, contained and waiting to be released."
"I… cannot." Athena reveals.
"Why?"
"Because I am not complete."
"Elaborate." Cell orders.
"I am a weapon capable of untold destruction, but I was built to be as close to humans as
possible." Athena states. "However, because I am a weapon, I cannot feel such things.
Therefore, I cannot use this power. Master Duke promised that he would alchemize feelings
for me if I do as he asks."
Cell looks at the doll in silence before opening his mouth. "... you're an idiot."
"Huh!?"
"Do you need your ears checked, doll?" Cell points to his ear. "I just called you an idiot."
"But… why!?" Athena yells.
"Because you have emotions." Cell reveals, shocking Athena.
"I… have emotions…?" A dumbstruck Athena mutters.
"Of course." Flashbacks of the fight play out. "During our fights, I have seen you display
surprise, frustration, curiosity, and arrogance. If those are not emotions, they don't know what
that is."
"I have emotions…" Athena mutters as the realization slowly hits her. "But my master said I
couldn't."

"And you believed him? Hmph, of course you did. You are nothing more than a naive child."
Cell mocked. "We may have both been created to serve a purpose, but in the end, it's WE
who choose whether to fulfill that purpose."
"!?" Athena looks at the Bio-Android in surprise.
From above, I look down in surprise at hearing Cell's words.
[Did that asshole actually show sympathy for someone and is trying to help her in a
personal profound way?! Okay, who fuck is this and what did they do to Perfect Cell!?]
"He's changing…" A small smile appears on my face.
[He's taking the Vegeta route, even if he doesn't seem to realize it]
"I… choose?" Athena looks down in deep thought.
Cell has his arms crossed. "Having a choice separates us from pure machines. It's what makes
us stronger."
"..."
"So now that you understand. What do you choose, little girl?" Cell asks.
"I…" Athena glances down, a myriad of thoughts plaguing her mechanical mind. An emotion
she quickly identifies as confusion.
Finally, Athena looks at the Bio-Android.
"I will fight." Athena states. "No… I want to fight."
"Oh?" Cell arches an eyebrow.
"I want… to break my limits. I want to see if you are right." Athena elaborates.
"And you think you can do that by fighting me?"
"You're the one who told me to choose." Athena gives Cell a smug look as her arm reattaches
itself to her torso. "I expect you to take responsibility… aniki."
Cell's eyes widen by the sudden title before he starts to chuckle. The chuckling quickly
evolves into laughter.
He calms down and looks at Athena with newfound motivation.
"Very well, I respect your decision!" Cell exclaims. "Now, show me what you got!"
Thrusters appear on Athena's back and she launches forward with impressive speeds.
Cell leaps back but Athena is quickly in pursuit. She summons multiple drones and they fire
on the Bio-Android who dodges with ease.

Her arms expand and launch hundreds of finger-sized missiles at Cell, who destroys them all
with a single energy beam.
Meanwhile, Natsu and I watch from above as the two start to go all out.
[Aniki? Did Athena really refer to Cell as Big Brother? Where the fuck did THAT come
from?!]
'I'm as shocked as you, though this ironically could help Cell grow more as an individual.' I
said. 'Cell was so engrossed in becoming the "Perfect Lifeform" that he has never even
considered the possibility of meaningful relationships.'
[Still, to think it would take another Android of all things to make this happen. I would
have expected him to tear her apart just to prove his superiority and yet so far he has
been going easy on her]
'Maybe Cell saw something in her that made him question himself. It's natural when you think
about their origins. Cell was created for the sole purpose of defeating Goku, while Athena
was created for the sole purpose of defeating dragons.' I thought. 'Even though Cell had
accomplished his goal of perfection, he still chose to follow Gero's goal but did it on his own
terms. Athena didn't. Her inability to understand emotions is what makes her so much weaker
than him. But now that she knows just how human she is might give her the edge and the
spark Cell was looking for. It's probably why she sees Cell as his "big brother", because he
knows what it's like.'
"Look at them go! I can barely follow their movements!" Natsu comments as she watches
with excitement.
"Indeed. This is why I wanted Cell to fight her. Both of them are a LOT stronger than you
think Natsu, even with how much you grew in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber. This right here
is barely even a warm-up compared to their full power." I explained.
"I guess I have a long way to go." Natsu bitterly said before someone touched his shoulder.
"Don't sell yourself short, Natsu. If you keep training as you have, I'm sure you'll reach that
peak in no time." I said with a smile before focusing back on the battle below once again.
The intensity and pacing of the battle was again escalating, though Athena was increasingly
keeping up against Cell and making it harder from him, but Cell was surprisingly enjoying
himself and was growing almost just as much.
[Saiyans really live up to their reputation of being the greatest warrior race when you
consider their Zenkai capabilities and their ability to grow stronger through intense
emotions, and Cell is even more so since said Saiyan traits synergize extremely well with
Chaos Energy and his desire to improve to a scary degree. Mix in the Namekian
regeneration capabilities and Frieza's ability to survive literally anything short of
complete body destruction, along with the combined potential of the Saiyans,
Namekians, and Frost Demons, and Cell truly can be the most dangerous character ever
produced by the DragonBall Universe]

'No shit. Even though [Chaos Energy] doesn't exist in Dragon Ball's canon lore for obvious
reasons, all the other stuff is more than enough to make Cell a true force to be reckoned with.
It will be interesting to see how far he goes.' I remark
"That's the spirit! Take this!" Cell charges a Kamehameha and blasts it towards Athena.
Just as the large beam grows closer, power begins to swell inside of Athena causing her eyes
to turn ruby red and encasing her body in a golden aura.
"!?" My eyes widen recognizing that state. "No way…"
Athena charges in and flies through the destructive beam, shocking Cell.
"WHAT!?" A shell-shocked Cell exclaims before he is struck down with a powerful blow to
the head, sending him straight to the ground.
The golden glow disappears and Athena lands beside Cell. "Thank you, aniki. For such an
exhilarating experience and for helping unlock my full potential."
Cell blinks at Athena before he smiles. "Anytime, but don't think for a moment that you are
superior to me."
The view switches to the large summon descending onto the battlefield.
Natsu and I jump off the large bird and disappear in a puff of smoke.
"Impressive. You are probably the first being in Earthland to put Cell to the ground." I glance
at the rising Android. "Who knew you had it in you to throw a match like that. You surprise
me everyday, Cell."
Cell scowls at his master. "I did no such thing brat! I just hate fighting opponents who don't
give it their all!"
[Cell's such a tsundere]
"So, the question I want to ask is this: will you continue your mission? You already have your
emotions, so there's no need for you to continue." I explained.
Athena looks up at the blue sky. "... I have observed this same sky many times, yet only now
do I realize just how beautiful it is." She then looks down. "I have seen so much… but I never
truly appreciated just how beautiful the world was. Thinking about it, I really was a naive
child back then. Perhaps I still am."
"Is that such a bad thing?" I said. "It just means that you still have room to learn. We all do."
"Yeah! I didn't know about these new powers until Asmodeus showed up!" Natsu exclaims,
making me sweat drop.
[Not exactly the point, but he gets points for trying]

"... am I even allowed to?" Athena whispers but I still heard it.
"How about this? Why not become my friend?" I ask.
"Huh!?" Natsu and Cell whip their necks in my direction.
Athena turns around, surprise written all over her face. "What?"
"Athena, in addition to emotions, you possess free will and can make your own choices." I
state. "You don't HAVE to do whatever Duke tells you to do, you are free to choose."
"But why friends?" Athena asks.
"Weeeell." I try not to look sheepish. "The truth is I always wanted a robot best friend since I
was a kid. I'm really into robots, so I just jumped at the opportunity." I admit. "Besides, you
already see Cell as a brother figure so why not add a friend to the package?"
Athena looked like she was genuinely considering it, but still appeared hesitant for some
reason.
"As tempting as it may be, I still owe a debt to Duke Barbaroa, who created me in the first
place. If you convinced him, then I would happily join. But for now I must refuse." Athena
replied in a sad tone, though she once again got into a fighting stance. "Guess this means we
will fight next?"
"It would appear that is the case." I replied with a smile. "I'll make sure to leave you mostly
intact."
Athena happily smiles.
"Natsu, stand back." I order and Natsu jumps away.
Athena takes a single step forward before launching herself at lightning speeds only to look
confused by her opponent's inaction.
'He's not moving?' Athena was perplexed until she saw his lips moving. 'Bone of my…
sword?'
In an instant, something forms in his hands and takes shape. It is an aquamarine doublebladed sword seemingly made of crystal-like metal and pure energy, with a dagger housed
within the transparent blade almost like a suit of armor, with pointed protrusions appearing
on the sides of both blades.
"Special move, ready." Four daggers appear floating in front of him in a ring formation.
Athena stops herself as she senses the ridiculous magical energy coming from him. "I need to
do something." She places both of her hands together and they merge before transforming
into a large cannon.
The cannon begins to power up as the barrel glows brightly with energy.

"O demonic blade of the sun...unleash ruin." I punch the daggers and they fly like missiles
before punching the sword with stronger force.
The daggers fly towards Athena at blinding speeds.
Athena tries to power through the projectiles with a premature blast from her cannon to stop
the attack or at least delay it long enough to dodge it, but much to her surprise the daggers cut
through the blast like a knife through hot butter until they finally reach her, which triggers an
explosion.
"Agh!" Athena yelled out as she was engulfed by the blast.
She didn't have time to register the larger projective piercing her body as her target appeared
in front of her with his fist reeled back.
"Bölverkr Gram!" I slam my fist into the sword's hilt, causing a beam of magical energy to
fire at point-blank covering the entire area in green light.
Cell and Natsu cover their eyes so as not to be blinded by the intense light.
When the light fades, the two are in awe by all damage the attack caused, especially Cell.
Though the awe quickly turns into frustration.
'Again. He surpasses me AGAIN! Just what the hell is he doing when I'm not looking!?' Cell
angrily demands.
"I want that…" Natsu mutters.
I stare at the destruction with a blank expression, but on the inside I was FREAKING OUT!
'Holy crap, that was insane! I knew Noble Phantasms were powerful but not like this! And
this is meant to destroy fortresses!?' I exclaimed.
[Look on the bright side, we got NPs to add to our ever-expanding arsenal of fuck-you
powers. Also, since we likely don't have the same limitations as a certain suicidal
redhead, we can create God-Tier swords without any backlash! I'd say that's win-win to
me]
The sounds of footsteps grab my attention as a battered and damaged Athena slowly walks
towards me. Though what surprises me more is that there's only superficial damage instead of
a giant hole in her chest.
"I know I said I was gonna keep you intact but that attack should've definitely put you out of
commission. How is that possible by the way?" I asked.
Athena chuckles and looks at Cell. "You fell for the same trick as aniki."
Flashback

Just as Athena transforms her arms into cannons, the silhouette of another Athena is seen
quickly jumping out of the way.
Flashback end
"I thought I'd be far enough from the blast, but I miscalculated the power output and its
radius." Athena admits before letting out a pained moan. "I managed to erect a shield to
protect myself, but my body still took substantial damage. My servos are ready to give out at
any moment."
[Yeah, she doesn't look so hot]
"So then… have you made your decision?" I ask.
Athena smiles. "Yes… I'll be your friend."
"Well no, that's not a God option."
*SMASH!*
"!?" A hand bursts out from Athena's chest, holding a glowing metal sphere.
"!" Cell and Natsu look on in shock.
"Ah…" Athena's eyes roll back as they lose their light and she falls.
Standing there is a man with medium-length, wavy and spiked orange hair that juts out at the
top in a shape similar to rabbit ears; he has thick eyebrows and bears a scar over the bridge of
his nose. He is dressed in a fanciful white robe with blue long sleeves, a blue belt and blue
pants. His chest and neck area are covered by a small red cloak with white colored edges, a
large collar and three yellow-colored crescent shapes lined up vertically on both sides over
his chest. He also wears a simple pair of boots that reach below his knees.
Name: God Serena
Title: Eight-Dragon God Serena, Traitor Serena, Annoying Clown, Backstabber
Affiliation: Ten Wizard Saints (former), Alvarez Empire (former), Gold Owl
Level: 300
HP: 2,899,571
MP: 4,045,000
SP: ∞
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: weak

"What an unGODLY performance. And you are supposed to be Duke-sama's greatest
masterpiece." He says as he crushes the core. "What a joke."
My eyes furrow at what that clown did.
[Oh, he's so dead]
"Enough, God Serena." A figure rises from God Serena's shadow.
He is a very tall, extremely muscular demon with an overall macabre appearance; his chest is
covered in a black and red demonic breastplate that wraps itself around his lower abdomen.
Attached to his breastplate are extremely large, irregularly-shaped metallic pauldrons that
connect and fade out into his extremely long cloak, which he uses to keep hooded his head,
upon which he wears what appears to be a red oni mask with his eye area painted yellow all
around extending to his chin to conceal his face. On his arms, Bloodman wears a fishnet,
mesh-like material, which is partially concealed by his overly-large pauldrons and gloves; the
gloves themselves are frayed, and bear a zigzag pattern below the fray, however, attached to
the zigzag pattern are also irregularly-flowing designs that resemble the bone structure of the
hand, as they travel down from the forearm of the glove and branch off at the knuckles and
travel down to each fingertip. The aforementioned zigzag pattern also appears on the material
that is exposed on the parts of his torso that Bloodman's breastplate does not cover, and
around his waist, he wears a belt. His lower body is concealed from view by a dark robe that
reaches up to his feet. Just below the belt, it sports a pattern of circles that travels around his
person.
Name: Bloodman
Title: Grim Reaper, Final Book of Zeref, Killing Machine
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire (former), Gold Owl
Level: 300
HP: 3,119,055
MP: 555,890
CP: 4,545,000
SP: ∞
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: wants to fight you
"You forget your place." Bloodman states.
"Indeed, Duke-sama gave us a mission. We cannot be distracted." A third and more familiar
voice spoke up, causing my head to turn in its direction and I'm surprised by who it is.

Name: August
Title: Wizard King, The Disaster, The True Son of a Fairy and a Spriggan, Traitor
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire, Gold Owl
Level: 300
HP: 4,881,278
MP: 5,999,843
SP: ∞
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interested
"No way…" I said, grabbing the attention of the most powerful wizard in the world. "I
thought you turned to ashes!"
"I did. But… it seems that was not meant to be." August said.
"Man, who are these guys? They're all pretty strong." Natsu remarks as he senses their power
levels.
Even Cell had to admit that the power these three were outputting is impressive even by this
universe's standards.
"So, Gold Owl revived all three of you as Alchemical Dolls." I said, surprised to see that
three Spriggans had been revived by the Alchemist Guild instead of just God Serena.
"Indeed, I am surprised you were able to immediately deduce that." August said in an
impressed tone.
"I'm familiar with the concept. Though while I would normally be excited to fight all of you,
you guys lost points when you decided to launch an attack at MY home and try to steal MY
Chaos Emeralds." I point my finger at August. "And YOU specifically lost my respect when I
heard the truth about you and Zeref regarding Brandish. She is NOT a worthless failure or a
pawn to be used FYI, no matter how much you and Zeref may have thought otherwise. And I
have half a mind to kick your ass after the shit you did in manipulating and using her for
years."
The trio are surprised by the burst of power coming from the boy, it
wasn't [Magic] or [Curse], but something more primordial albeit restrained.
I use [Duplicate] and summon a clone who quickly uses Instant Transmission to grab
Athena's body and teleport back to my side before they can even react.

"Take her to Lamy's lab. Do everything you can to bring her back online." I ordered the
clone.
"Roger-Roger." The clone then teleports away.
Lamy hums as she cleans one of the tanks until she is spooked by the sudden appearance of
Asmodeus.
"M-Master!? What are you doing here!?" Lamy stammers before looking at what's in his
arms. "And who's that?"
"There's no time. Get the table ready. We got a patient." The clone states.
Natsu and Cell walk forward and stand beside me.
"Oh, so you're going to fight us now? Don't think for a moment that we are like that relic."
God Serena twirls and makes a dramatic pose. "We are GOD friends!"
"..." I said nothing.
"Well, he is annoying." Cell loudly remarks.
"And you are just a weak bug that will be stomped by my GODLY boots!" God Serena
retorts.
"... zero to pissed in a moment. My goodness, you have talent." Cell calmly said, except he
was anything BUT calm.
I glance at God Serena's right hand, the remains of the core still there.
God Serena follows my eye line and smirks.
He opens his hand and lets the remains fall before stomping them.
"!" [Bloodlust] begins to roll off in waves and it is all directed at the treacherous wizard.
"... Natsu. You take care of Bloodman." I told the dragon slayer. "Cell, you have the old
man." I narrow my eyes at the Wizard Saint. "The clown is mine."
"Clow…?" God Serena glares at me. "How dare you call a God just a title!? You will know
your place!"
"No…" Black electricity crackles around my body. "You will know yours."
[And it'll be on the floor, with your body in pieces and your guts rearranged into a work
of art]

"Alright!" Natsu's body emits a white aura and begins to levitate. "Follow me! I know a good
spot!"
Bloodman watches the wizard fly before his body dissolves into dark particles and
disappears.
August and Cell stare at each other before their bodies flicker out of sight, leaving only
Serena and myself.
Alert!
The Quest has been changed!
Quest: Fool's Gold
Gold Owl has stepped in. Make them regret ever messing with you!
Objective: Defeat Gold Owl
Bonus Objective: ?
Rewards: 998,433 EXP, 965,443 Credits, Skills, Items
Bonus Reward: ?
"Hmph." God Serena raises his arm and engulfs their fist in infernal flames. "[Purgatory
Dragon's Blazing Inferno]!" He moves it forward, releasing a large stream of fire from his
palm.
I stand still as the flames hit me in the chest.
"Hahahaha! You are a godly fool for taking my magic head on! Now be burned in the flames
of Hell!" God Serena laughs triumphant to the heavens.
"Pathetic."
"Hm?" The Alchemical Doll looks as sees his enemy unaffected. "What…?"
I look up with empty eyes. "Is that really the best you got?" My body emits a pulse quickly
canceling the spell in an instant.
"!?" God Serena's surprised but it doesn't deter him. "So you can cancel magic? By deal. My
GODLY magic is still leagues above you all!"
"..." I watch as he uses another spell.
"[Lightning Dragon's Supreme Dance]!" As soon as he says that, lighting clouds begin to
form above us and immediately electricity begins to converge on a focal point, unleashes a
gigantic lighting bolt straight for me.
However, before it can hit, the attack vanishes.

"Impossible! My magic is godly! No mortal can stop it!" God Serena's glare intensifies.
"Bastard…! How are you stopping my magic!?"
"... tell you what. I'll let you hit me with your strongest attack. I won't dodge it, I won't even
move from the spot I'm standing." I told him. "And you better hit me as hard as you can."
God Serena gives me a double take. "Are you serious?"
"And I don't mean half-as-hard, or some arbitrary percentage. I want you… to hit me… as
HARD AS YOU CAN." I told him.
God Serena laughs. "You are crazy. This God Serena does not have to listen to the demands
of those below him!"
"Then you are as weak and as spineless as everyone said you were." I mocked.
God Serena glares at me. "You dare accuse God Serena of being weak and spineless?!
Prepare to feel the wrath of the GODS!"
God Serena proceeds to make one of his extravagant poses as he charges his magic power.
"[Dragon God's Fang]!" God Serena shouts as he manifests 8 dragons of differing colors
and elements and sends them straight towards me, engulfing me in a massive explosion. "As
expected, no one can stand against the wrath of the GODS!"
"Wow, you're actually proud of that little display? And here I thought you couldn't get any
more stupid."
"!?" God Serena gasps as the smoke clears, revealing an unscathed Asmodeus.
"You did dirty my gi, though. So I guess you get partial credit." I dust the debris off my right
shoulder.
Fear rises within one of the former Gods of Ishgar, his legs wobble as he steps back. "IImpossible."
"Nothing is impossible in the multiverse. Your maker should understand that better than
anyone." I spat out as I stepped forward.
God Serena falls back as this… this monster's shadow ensnares him.
"Witness oblivion." I raise my pointer finger at him. "[Black Hole]" A small black sphere
appears at the tip and it immediately stands sucking everything into itself.
"AAAAHHHHH!" God Serena screams as he is pulled in, his body bending and compressing
as he is sucked into the event horizon before completely disappearing from this dimension.
Skill Level Up!
[Black Hole LVL. 2/10]

You have defeated God Serena! You have gained 1,661,789 EXP! You have earned
1,010,332 Credits!
Level Up(x17)!
[You really liked to drag this one out. Why didn't you just kill him from the beginning?]
"That's a stupid question. You already know the answer." The black orb disappears and I
lower my hand. "I wanted him to see the futility of fighting me. He calls himself a god but
when push comes to shove, he's nothing but a clown."
[Is that all? You didn't do it because you wanted revenge for Athena? You know you
don't have to lie, especially to me]
"I wanted him to suffer for what he did. I wanted to see the look of despair on his face as I
ripped the Dragon Lacrima out of his body. I wanted him to beg for his life while betraying
the Gold Owl like he's done with so many others." I state. "But, in the end I chose something
else. He's trapped forever in the event horizon of a dead star, his body and soul continuously
crushed by its gravity. He's just like Aldoron now, trapped in an eternal prison with no hope
of release."
[You know you can be pretty brutal when you want to]
"There's a reason why one of my titles is [Judge] Tobi. May as well live up to it." I state with
a shrug before an explosion in the distance grabs my attention.
"Looks like they're having fun over there without me." I remark.
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
August is seen flying through the battlefield dodging the bombardment of energy blasts.
"C'mon, old man. At least make this somewhat interesting." Cell half-whined as he continues
his attacks.
August's expression didn't show it, but he was growing more frustrated. Not only is this
"Cell" creature powerful, but he isn't using [Magic] meaning that his [Copy] won't work on
him.
Even his advanced [Hearing Magic] isn't able to pick up his next moves, as if there's a wall
of noise between them whenever he tries to focus.

"If all you're gonna do is keep your distance, then I'll just simply come to you." Cell puts two
fingers on his forehead and vanishes from his spot.
"!?" August's eyes widened. "His energy… vanished!?" He exclaims before sensing his
energy again. "!"
The Alchemical Doll quickly turns around and blocks the creature's incoming fist with his
staff, only for it to be shattered into tiny pieces on contact.
Cell raises his hand and blasts August with a Ki pulse before using Instant Transmission to
appear right above the old man and proceeds to knock him straight into the ground.
August gets back up and Cell reappears not too far from him.
"Is this really the power of the so-called 'Wizard King'? Frankly, I don't really see it. Maybe
that's why you were so easily turned into a puppet." Cell spat.
"You know of me, creature. But I know nothing of you." August says with a weary tone.
"Is that so? Very well." He prepares a Big Bang Attack. "My name is Perfect Cell. And
goodbye." He fires the large Ki blast and it hits August creating an explosion.
"Boom. Headshot." Cell smirked in triumph before sensing something. "?"
The dust clouds shift unnaturally before disappearing altogether, revealing August in his
Battle Form.
"Round two, old man? Fine." Cell powers up. "Let the games begin~"
He rushes towards August and, likewise, August rushes towards Cell.
The two collide forearms, creating a sonic boom that destroys everything around them.
Cell goes for a kick but August grabs his leg and uses his strength to throw him away.
August raises his hand and a magic circle appears on Cell's chest.
"[Yakuma's Mantra of Absolute Destruction]"
The magic circle glows bright until a massive explosion engulfs his whole person.
August lowers his hand as he looks through the smoke.
"That was interesting. I didn't know magic could pack such a punch." A silhouette begins to
shape as it gets closer, revealing Cell with a massive hole in his chest. "I might have
underestimated you."
August charges forward as Cell finishes regenerating and intercepts the Wizard King's attack.
Cell begins to pour his Ki into his fist and goes for a punch, but August quickly blocks it with
his right elbow.

*CRACK~*
August looks to see large cracks forming all over his elbow and spread through most of his
lower arm.
A circle of fire appears under them before bursting into a massive pillar of fire as August
jumps out of it.
"That should buy me time…" He glances down at his "wound" and uses healing magic to
restore his elbow.
"This fire is almost 2,140 degrees Fahrenheit, the same as a volcano." Cell walks out
unharmed. "However, that won't be enough to destroy me. Good try though."
'Every attack I throw at him will either bounce off or regenerate before the damage truly
sticks. Not to mention his body emits an unknown energy that I cannot comprehend or copy.
Duke-sama said that alternate worlds follow different rules, I suppose this is an example of
that.' August thought.
"Now then, it's my turn right?" Cell asks and flickers in front of him.
Cell immediately strikes the surprised August in the stomach, causing him to recoil in pain
and try to regain his bearings.
He is immediately denied the opportunity when Cell grabs him by the neck and kicks him
away, after which Cell launches a powerful Ki Blast at the revived Wizard King, enveloping
him in an explosion.
When the light and dust clears, August is revealed to be alive but covered in wounds and
injuries.
"This is just sad. Are you really the teacher to that little shit Rustyrose? Because I can't help
but find myself a little disappointed. Maybe it has to do with the fact that it is not your
original body so you can't use your magic to its fullest." Cell remarks.
August uses healing magic on himself as Cell continues.
"Irene Belserion and Brandish μ provided a far better and more entertaining challenge
compared to you, which says a lot for someone who is supposed to be the strongest of the
Spriggan 12. Clearly that title should have gone to Irene." Cell mocked.
"Do NOT mock me, bug." August scowled, though this got a glare from the Bio-Android.
"You know, I'm getting tired of insolent humans in this universe referring to me as a bug
regardless of whatever similarities my appearance may share with them." Cell coldly states.
"So I'll tell you what: you use your most powerful attacks against me and we'll see how
strong you are towards this so-called bug. If you manage to seriously injure me or impress
me, I will grant you a swift and merciful death. If you disappoint me, however, I will let
Asmodeus decide your fate, as he clearly has a score to settle with you and I doubt it will be
pleasant. Deal?"

"Unfortunately, I cannot cast my strongest spell due to the alchemic seal in this body."
August admits, revealing a transmutation circle in the spot where his heart is. "I am restricted
to using only three archetypes of magic, though none compare to my strongest magic."
"Really, well that's a shame." Cell crosses his arms. "I suppose your second strongest spell
will have to do then."
"Correct." With a quick gesture with his hands, chain-locked spell markings surround Cell in
an instant as they glow a bright purple.
"Interesting, you locked my movements." Cell comments.
"This is one of the most powerful [God Magic] in the world. It can only be cast by one who's
magic power equals that of a god." August states.
Cell whistles. "You've piqued my interest now, old man. Show me what this [God
Magic] can do."
Multiple spell circles begin to appear high above, each layer growing bigger and bigger until
it can be seen from outer space.
"[Izanagi's Many Myriad's True Words]!"
From the farthest layer, thousands of light spears appear and fall, getting bigger and faster as
they pass through each magic circle.
Cell is immediately engulfed in a series of seemingly never-ending explosions that shook the
entire continent of Gultina. The assault continues non-stop for 5 whole minutes, until
eventually the last spear falls.
"In the end, every sentient beings' greatest weakness was their arrogance." August states,
only for a scoff to come from in front of him within the smoke.
When it cleared, Cell appeared and was completely unscathed, a disappointed expression
present on his face.
"I-Impossible…!" August says in shock and horror.
"Well, for such a flashy technique, it sure was a letdown. Guess I'll let Asmodeus decide what
to do with you." Cell stated before noticing the approaching figure. "My, speak of the devil
and he shall appear. You missed the party, kid."
"... so I have." I remark before turning a cold glance at August. "Why is he still alive?"
Cell smirks. "Well, I'd figure you'd want to deal the killer blow, considering what you said."
I walk towards the Alchemical Doll and stare at him square in the eyes. "Do you regret it?"
"What?"

"Do you regret using Brandish as your pawn? She looked up to you, she loved you like a
grandfather." I told him.
"She was a Shield to the emperor. Our purpose was simply-" But he is cut short by me
grabbing his face.
"I am NOT asking about the Shields, you senile fool!" I growled, demonic features appeared
on my face. "I'm ASKING if YOU regret using Brandish!?"
August says nothing for a while. The world grows silent as it waits for a reply.
Finally… August spoke.
"No. I do not regret it. Everything I did was for his majesty's dream." August admits before
registering the lack of connection below his neck.
The view changes to reveal Asmodeus having ripped August's head from his body.
"Piece of trash." I crush the head into bloody pieces.
You have defeated August! You have gained 1,713,455 EXP! You have earned 1,110,313
Credits!
Level Up(x16)!
"Huh. Reminds me of the time I ripped Vegeta's head off." Cell smiles at the memory. "Good
times."
Alert!
[Conqueror] has been activated.
A light appears and it takes the form of August.
Name: August
Title: Wizard King, The Disaster, The True Son of a Fairy and a Spriggan
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire, Asmodeus
Level: 320
HP: 5,278,433
MP: 7,367.090
SP: 6,800,211
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Weary

Current Status: Slave (Permanent)
"So that's what happened to me. Can't say I feel sorry for this bastard because I don't." Cell
said.
He opens his eyes and looks around. "Where… am I?"
"Back in the land of the living," I said, getting his attention. "I have the unique ability that
has a small chance of reviving any foe I have killed as my servant. And said servant status is
completely irreversible and unbreakable, even you can't undo it. Hell, not even the Chaos
Emeralds will be able to break or reverse it."
"Are you saying I now have to serve you?" August glares at me. "I refuse!"
"Didn't I just say that your servant status is irreversible? You don't get a choice. Period." I
told him.
"He's right. Best come to terms with it. I know I have." Cell boasted.
"Indeed. But before I forget," My eyes glow as I look down at the Wizard King like a God
staring down at gnat.
"August, as your new master, I hereby forbid you from killing, crippling, maiming, or
torturing any innocent people, and you are especially forbidden from doing so on
anyone I designate as an ally. And you are explicitly prohibited from undermining or
betraying me in any way, whether intentionally or unintentionally. And you are
required to defend my palace and anyone I consider an ally to your dying breath, not
being allowed to betray, sabotage, or abandon them in any way." I decreed.
"…yes, master." August grudgingly bowed his head in acceptance, already feeling the effects
of [Conqueror] forcing his mind and soul to comply.
"Good. And we get home, you're gonna go up to Brandish and you're gonna let her do
whatever the hell she wants with you. Followed by you eating a bowl of pine cones and
cobwebs." I said.
August gives me a look. "What?"
"Exactly. What?" Even Cell chimed in.
"Let's go get Natsu." I said.
"Is that all you got, you Grim Reaper wannabe?!" Natsu yelled mockingly as he burned right
through Bloodman's [Ice Devil's Rage] attack.
"Insolent brat! You may be Zeref-sama's younger brother and E.N.D., but you are no match
for the God of Death!" Bloodman yells as he launches [Memento Mori], the "ultimate
Curse". However, Natsu evaded the attack and burned it for good measure using a [Fire
Dragon's Roar] enhanced with his Semblance and his Ki.

"Ha! Asmodeus and I beat the Angel of Death, and he was a ton stronger than you! And we're
both a LOT stronger now than we were when we fought that asshole!" Natsu yells as he taps
into his demon and dragon powers at the same time, releasing a massive influx of power that
wraps around him like a chrysalis.
Bloodman takes back from the dark red flames that suddenly erupt from the chrysalis before
bursting, throwing the Grim Reaper back.
Standing before him is no longer a human, but a true creature of Hell. His skin is deep
crimson, with scales traveling down from his face all the way to his feet. Black spikes sprout
from his elbows and his hind feet. His vest is gone, revealing back now sprouting a single
large red dragon wing with his skin completely replaced with dragon scales. Canines on his
teeth became more pointed and sharp, looking like a beast from the depths of hell.
His once spiked pink hair was barely visible due to the crimson color of the scales and also
the flames that danced around his figure.
His feet and hands both turned into dragon claws as well, sporting black-tipped talons that
can shred anything to pieces.
His white scarf dances freely with the wind and flames, the last remaining indication of his
human self.
"[Etherious Dragon King Mode]"
"Ah… ah!" Bloodman couldn't speak, he couldn't move. He was drowning in malice and
killer intent so potent that they overwhelmed his higher functions.
Natsu lifts his head at the Grim Reaper, staring at him with eyes glowing a menacing
crimson.
"I order you… [Kill Yourself]." Natsu orders.
*STAB!*
Without hesitation, Bloodman plunges his left arm into his right abdomen.
"Guhaaa—!" Bloodman screams in pain as he takes a knee. "M-[Macro]!? But, I shouldn't-"
"I order you… [Kill Yourself]."
*STAB!*
Bloodman screams again as he stabs himself in the stomach.
"Impossible! I am the God of Death!" Bloodman roared. "Even you should not be able to do
this to me!"
"Too bad, asshole." Natsu said before punching Bloodman away, causing the wounded
Etherious to land about 20 feet away. "Any last words?"

Bloodman was about to release all of his seals and turn into [Magical Barrier Particles] and
poison Natsu to death but before he could, a hole was blown into his chest, courtesy of a blast
of pure [Dark Matter].
Bloodman gasps and he falls, revealing Asmodeus, August and Cell behind him.
You have defeated Bloodman! You have gained 1,501,322 EXP! You have earned
1,010,110 Credits!
Level Up(x14)!
"Apologies, Natsu. But we're in a bit of a rush." I said with a shrug. "You can go back to
normal."
"..." Natsu growls.
"Natsu… control yourself." Cell sternly orders.
The Etherious slowly changes back to normal and falls butt-first on the ground.
"Man! That was close!" Natsu exclaims. "I almost lost control for a minute there!"
"That just means we'll have to increase your training until you control it." Cell states, causing
Natsu to flinch.
"Y-Yes sir!" Natsu squeaked.
August stares at the fallen Shield. "... to think Bloodman would be defeated so easily. So this
is the power of his majesty's ultimate demon."
Well, that's what happens when you use [Curses] against the [King of Curses]." I drily
remark.
[A certain someone would kill you for that]
He can try.
Natsu finally takes notice of August. "Hey. What's the old guy doing here?"
"Oh, him. I wouldn't worry too much, he's harmless." Cell says, earning a grunt from the old
mage.
"He's my servant now. Thanks to a certain ability of mine, there's a 20% chance of my
enemies coming back as my servants for all eternity." I explained. "That's how Cell became
part of the group."
"Ugh." Cell gags at the reminder.
[Conqueror] has been activated.
In an instant, Bloodman is revived in a flash of light.

Name: Bloodman
Title: Grim Reaper, Final Book of Zeref, Killing Machine
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire (former), Asmodeus
Level: 316
HP: 5,011,744
MP: 555,890
CP: 5,000,221
SP: 4,988,477
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: wants to fight you
Current Status: Slave (Permanent)
"Damn. Two in a row on the same day. Didn't see that coming." I remark.
"What? What happened? What is going on?" Bloodman asked. "How am I alive again?"
"Long story short, I have an ability that lets me revive people I killed into my servants
forever, and you can't break it no matter what." I explained.
"A… servant? I'm supposed to serve YOU!?" Bloodman narrows his eyes. "Never. I only
serve one man and that is Zeref."
"Well, you can't serve someone who's already dead and you don't have a choice." I retorted.
Bloodman's body starts turning into a dark purple mist. "And what's stopping me from just
killing you all?"
"I'm glad you asked." I chirped before turning serious. "Bloodman, as your new master, I
hereby forbid you from killing, crippling, maiming, or torturing any innocent people,
and you are especially forbidden from doing so on anyone I designate as an ally. And
you are explicitly prohibited from undermining or betraying me in any way, whether
intentionally or unintentionally. And you are required to defend my palace and anyone I
consider an ally to your dying breath, not being allowed to betray, sabotage, or abandon
them in any way. Understood?"
"Agh!" Bloodman clutches his head in pain, the command trying to overwrite his thoughts.
[Look like he's trying to fight the order. But it won't work in the long run]
"... y-yes… master." Bloodmen groans out, no longer able to fight his commands.

Cell gives me a skeptic look. "... do you give that first order to every person who becomes
your servant?"
"When they're trying to murder me or think they can backstab me, then yes." I replied
without hesitation. "I'm a lot of things Cell, but I'm not oblivious to evil intent, and I refuse to
put innocent people or the people who follow me in danger simply because a new recruit may
try to cause trouble due to me not taking enough precautions."
"Well, not inaccurate." Cell mockingly remarks.
"So, now what? Do we go after the guild because I'm itching for payback!" Natsu states.
"No." I quickly shut down his idea. "We need to go back to the fortress and check up on the
others first before we finish our business with Gold Owl." I told Natsu. "We need to make
sure everyone is okay, including everyone in Fairy Tail."
"Oh shit, you're right!" Natsu said in realization. "I hope everyone is okay!"
"Considering how much training we put them through, I am severely disappointed and
disgusted that they couldn't defeat a simple doll." Cell smugly added.
[…didn't this bastard initially OPPOSE training Fairy Tail due to considering them
weak, inferior, and a waste of time? NOW he has pride about training them and their
capabilities?]
"Didn't you also get your ass kicked by said doll, Cell?" I smugly retort.
This stopped Cell in his tracks and quickly whips up a death glare aimed at me.
"Don't push me, brat. Besides, I let her win. It's not the same as Athena beating me." Cell
defends.
"Mhm." I hum at the obvious excuse.
[Yeah, sure pal]
"Anyways, let's head back." I pull out my Scroll and make the call. "Handles. Lock on my
coordinates and fire the Groundbridge. Also, we got guests."
The Groundbridge opens and everyone enters it.
Eyelids slowly open to reveal brown irises to find a white ceiling. "Where… am I?"
"Dimaria-chan!"
Dimaria slowly turns to the sight of a familiar face. "Brandi…?"
Brandish traps her friend in her crushing hug. "I'm so happy you're awake!"

"B-Brandi!? What are you doing!?" Dimaria stammers trying to get her friend off. "And since
when were you this strong!?"
"I've gotten a LOT stronger and gained all sorts of new abilities thanks to my beloved master,
Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish happily answered with a blush and a dreamy expression on her
face upon mentioning her master. "He is truly unlike anyone you could ever meet, and you
won't regret meeting him, Dimaria-chan! Irene and Larcade can also attest to this, as both of
them have also sworn their loyalty to Asmodeus-sama and have grown a LOT stronger as a
result!"
"WAIT, WHAT!? IRENE AND LARCADE ARE ALIVE!?" Dimaria says in shock. "B-But
they died in the war, didn't they!? I… I saw Irene's body!"
She was there during the funeral along with the surviving members of the Spriggan 12. Even
though she wasn't attached to any of them, she still felt a sense of comradeship.
Granted, she was still dealing with the trauma of facing that… that thing! But she liked to
think she was able to keep her composure even for a little.
"Irene-sama managed to enchant her soul into the body of Wendy Marvel, that was how she
was able to escape death." Brandish reveals. "And Larcade was revived along with several of
Zeref's demons and now they all work for him!"
"He managed to tame the Demons of Zeref!? That's… impressive." Dimaria said albeit a little
nervously.
"I know! And that's not even scratching the surface of his powers." Brandish said.
Dimaria looks at her friend for a bit before turning her attention to her surroundings. "Where
are we?"
"This is the [Aincrad]. It's Asmodeus-sama's base and my new home." Brandish told her.
"We brought you and the others after saving you all from the clutches of that rat Rustyrose."
"Rustyrose… he-!" Dimaria grabs her head as a rush of memories flood her head. "I…
remember. He came to the farm and burned everything. I-I tried to fight but…" She looks at
her trembling hands and starts hyperventilating. "H-He k-killed everyone!"
"It's okay, it's okay." Brandish hugs her friend much more gently. "You're alright. You're
safe."
Dimaria slowly calms down. "You changed. You used to be less emotional."
"You could say that I had an… epiphany of sorts." Brandish said.
"It seems you're awake." The two girls turn to Lamy as she reads through a holographic
clipboard. "You should be able to move without issue, though we need to make sure the mods
don't have any negative side effects in the long run."
"Mods?" A confused Brandish asks.

"Short for modification. Your friend's body has been permanently altered, I'm amazed she
still looks human." Lamy looks at a diagram of Dimaria's body. "Her magic container has
been mutated, allowing her and the others to generate larger quantities of Magic. Skeletal
structure and muscle fibers have been reinforced to be stronger than all known metals, her
heart and other vital organs have been enhanced to metabolize faster, her blood cells can
carry more oxygen, a high-end healing factor, and what appears to be a God Lacrima has
been surgically implanted to give her Take Over more power." She presses a button that
displays a close up of her cells. "Additionally, her cellular structure is nearly identical to
Perfect Cell's to the point she is essentially immortal, and her neural conductivity and brain
activity is over a 100 times greater and faster than what is normal for a human being."
"Undoubtedly, this is part of that vermin ploy to turn us into both his ultimate puppet soldiers
and sex slaves." A familiar voice rings out, catching Dimaria and Brandish's team.
They and Lamy turn to see Irene, Larcade, and three of the new girls that Asmodeus had
apparently summoned, by the names of Shizuka Marikawa, Yuko Sagiri, and Chisato
Hasegawa.
Dimaria's eyes widened upon seeing the two formally dead Shields actually alive like
Brandish said, while the latter three joined Lamy in examining Dimaria with Chisato and
Yuko coming to Dimaria's sides.
"You really are alive." Dimaria says in awe.
"All thanks to my beloved." Irene giggled before looking at her fellow Spriggan with a
genuine, warm smile. "I am glad to see you again, Dimaria. And more importantly, free from
that rat's clutches."
"Indeed. It is good to see among the living." Larcade agreed with a smile.
Dimaria's eye twitches. "Still as blunt as always."
"You know, the more I hear about this Rustyrose and his intent, the more I understand why
you all hate him and the more I wish to join you all in your crusade." Yuko says before she
giggles. "If Sayo was here, she would want nothing but to tear him limb from limb and turn
him into a pin cushion."
"Um…" Dimaria got a nervous vibe from the woman.
"Oh, forgive me! I haven't introduced myself." Yuko smiles while giving her a physical
examination. "My name is Yuko Sagiri and I am a new recruit that Asmodeus-sama
summoned to join you all."
Dimaria's blinded by Yuko's motherly smile and the kind aura she's exuding.
"Same here," Chisato agreed while using her magic to analyze Dimaria's body and soul. "I'm
Chisato Hasegawa, and I was summoned by Asmodeus-sama as well." Her eyes widened as
she analyzed further. "My word, senpai was not kidding, your body has been massively
altered. And this Rustyrose was capable of this? He could give some of the supernatural a run

for their money." She then turns to Lamy. "Senpai, you wouldn't mind if the three of us assist
you with examining the other patients."
"But of course! What kind of senpai would I be if I didn't accept a request from my precious
kōhai!? Fafafa~" Lamy chirped, happy to be called senpai.
"GROUNDBRIDGE ACTIVATION IN PROGRESS." Handles announced.
Irene smiles. "Looks like he's back." She turns around and walks away.
"Where are you going?" Dimaria asks.
Irene stops and turns back with a smile. "I'm going to give my king a warm welcome~"
Dimaria and Brandish watch Irene leave and can't help but notice the sway of her hips.
"Did you see that?" Dimaria asks her friend.
"Yes." Brandish scowls with anger. "That bitch. She plans to seduce Asmodeus-sama with her
humongous ass!"
Dimaria sweat drops. "Not what I meant."
The Groundbridge activates and five familiar people walk out of its green vortex before
shutting down.
"So, this is your fortress?" August ponders as he looks around.
"Yup, home sweet home. Though I suppose now it's your home, too." I said. "Now let's go
and reunite with your new comrades, some of whom you both will be familiar with."
"Right. While you do that, I'll go to train in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber." Cell waves as he
suddenly walks off.
"What, you're not gonna check on your 'little sister'?" I teased.
Cell stops in his tracks. "There's no need. Once she's up and about, we'll continue where we
left off."
I cross my arms and smirk. "You know, you took this whole sibling thing way more seriously
than I thought, which is saying something considering what you did to your ACTUAL
siblings."
"If you're trying to guilt trip me, don't bother. I did what I did to attain perfection, and if I had
to do it all over again, I would do it without hesitation." Cell states before walking away.
[Looks like we'll need to try harder to break his shell, but I can't complain about the
results so far]

"Whatever. C'mon, let's go find the others." I led them out of the room only to crash onto
something soft and–wait, is that citrus?
"Hehe, if you wanted to rest on my breasts, all you need to do is ask~
I pull myself and am met face-to-face with Irene.
"Welcome home, darling~" She gives me a quick kiss on the lips.
[For a dragon, she is one sly and sexy vixen. Still, gotta give her points for knowing
what she wants and determined to get it by any means necessary]
I give her a toothy smirk. "As much as I would love to take you elsewhere and ravish you for
hours on end, I believe it would be ill-advised given present company. But speaking of
which, I brought back a few familiar faces."
Irene turns her gaze upwards and her expression turns to one of surprise.
"August, Bloodman. I'm surprised to see you both alive." Irene remarks with a smile.
"Though seeing you here now, means you have been 'recruited' by Asmodeus-sama."
"Irene…" August questionably looks at the Scarlet Despair. "So, he enslaved you as well."
Irene chuckles. "Hardly. I joined Asmodeus-sama willingly. After all, he gave me so much~"
"To see the Queen of Dragons tamed. Unbelievable." August remarks, but is suddenly hit
with overwhelming pressure.
"Don't get ahead of yourself, brat. Know your place." Irene's voice gains a menacing
echo. "You may have mastered all of the known magics of the world. But I have been
given power BEYOND magic."
August takes a knee, his body no longer able to withstand the overbearing and crushing
atmosphere.
"Agh." Bloodman falls and can't get up.
Natsu grits his teeth at the pressure, his nails stabbing into palms as he tries to stand straight.
"Irene. Enough." I ordered.
The pressure recedes and Irene lets out a sigh. "Very well."
I turn to August and Bloodman. "Irene is not only one of my most loyal comrades, but also
one of my lovers." I wrap my arm around her slim waist and pull her closer to me. "She is
someone who has EARNED my trust, respect, and my admiration. And I expect you two to
extend the same courtesy to everyone here." I then look back at Irene. "I'm sorry if it seems
like I'm dumping this on you, love, but I need to make a few preparations before we can
make a raid on Gold Owl. Could you give these two a basic tour of the fortress and introduce

them to the others? If they try anything, you have my permission to punish them in any way
you choose."
Irene's smile turns slightly sadistic. "Of course."
"Oh, and make sure to bring August to Brandish first. Those two have some unfinished
business." I said.
"Understood, Asmodeus-sama~" Irene says before kissing me again, after which he walks
off.
"I'm gonna go, too. That fight really left me hungry." Natsu slides slightly before quickly
running off.
Irene's expression quickly shifts to a scowl as she stares down at August. "We have a lot to
discuss, brat. Starting with that troublesome disciple you took in. Particularly the part where
he tried to kidnap my DAUGHTER to fulfill his sick and twisted fantasies."
August, despite his years as the leader of the Spriggan 12 and his mastery of the arcane arts,
found himself unable to stand up to the primordial phenomenon that is Irene's death stare.
Even Zeref found himself unable to deny her when she got like this.
"So, boy, ready for your punishment?" Irene asks with sadistic glee.
"I'm in danger." August mutters nervously.
Athena is seen laid on a metal bed with her lower torso missing. Multiple cables can be seen
hooked up to her head and the opened cavity of her torso travel to a black coffin-like box.
"..." Asmodeus stares at a screen displaying the words "Transfer in Progress" overlaying a
diagram of Athena next to a female silhouette.
He turns to the sounds of the door opening and sees another Asmodeus walking in the lab.
"How is she?" I ask.
"Everything is going nominal." The clone gestures to the screen behind him. "The download
is already at 64%. She will be ready within the next hour." He states. "There have also been
no signs of rejection from the vessel either."
"Naturally. I designed it." I shrug.
"If by 'design' you mean leaching it from a video game franchise, then sure why not." The
clone scoffs.
I turn to the clone. "You know, I never understood why my clones' personalities are different
from mine."

"We are you. It's just that we take on one aspect of your personality and make it our whole
character. In my case, I'm the cynical genius who likes to make blunt remarks about people."
The clone explains.
"Hm." I hum before glancing at the white coffin.
"It's fortunate that the fool Serena only targeted her power core. Thanks to that, I was able to
get the guild's location. It's in the Southeastern Region of Guiltina, North of Filan." He states.
"I always knew he was a pompous moron who believed too much on his own hype. I'm just
lucky he didn't come back as my servant, or else I would've killed him again." I said.
"While you're here, I wanted to let you know that the new body's power source is an
experimental version of a Transformer's [Spark]." The clone states.
I arch an eyebrow. "You created a soul for her?"
"Pretty much. Our title as [Master of Death] gives us dominion over the living, organic or
otherwise." He turns to the coffin. "The [Spark] will allow her not just a full range of human
emotions, but access to [Aura] and a [Semblance], augmented magic and alchemy as well as
easier control over her chaos powers. I also bestowed her with copies of [Energy
Manipulation] and [Ki Manipulation]."
"Why call it a [Spark] though? Wouldn't calling it a soul suffice?" I ask.
"One: souls are overrated. And two: I just wanted it to be unique." The clone bark. "She is
our first fully sentient techno-organic being. Her body is 77% nanotechnology while the
remaining 23% is composed of [Saiyan] and [Dragon] DNA. So in tradition to her unique
nature, the name [Spark] just kind of... clicked."
"I… guess that makes sense?" I said, a little unsure about his reasoning. "Say, I have a few
suggestions I want you to implement."
"What are they?"
"I want you to increase cell augmentation, make the nanotech self-replicating and selfrepairing and capable of adapting alongside the [Saiyan] and [Dragon] DNA." I said. "I also
want you to add a transformation ability so that she can alter her body into anything she
wants."
"Damn, boss. You don't mess around, do you?" The clone whistles as he begins the process.
"Are you trying to make your own Golden Darkness?"
""If we're gonna go through all this effort to give her a new and better body, we might as well
go all out instead of doing the bare minimum or doing it half-arsed. That way, we don't have
to constantly replace or significantly repair her in the future long-term." I said. "Besides, as
long as she has conscious thought and emotion, she will be as human as everyone here."
"Still, thanks to those last-minute alterations, the time of awakening has been delayed from
an hour to twelve. Not to mention all of the tests I'll have to run so that she can at least be

able to function properly." The clone groaned.
"Do what you have to. I'll go and start construction on the machine to help the girls. " I said
before making my way towards the door.
"We really are making the multiverse our bitch." The clone remarks as he continues his work.
I lean to the left as the elevator goes downwards, stuck with only my thoughts (and AI) as
company.
"Haa, so much to do and so little time."
[Not really. We can have the machine up and running in under an hour. Less if we
hussle]
The elevator comes to a halt and its doors open. I step out and make my way through the
floor.
"Now, where to start?" I mutter while looking around the spacious area.
"Master-kun!"
I turn to see Diana, Chun-Li and Lady Avalon walking towards me.
"It's so good to see you!" Avalon chirps as she traps me in a bear hug.
Diana sighs. "That girl needs to learn discipline."
"You do realize she's older than everyone here combined, right? Plus, she has magic so I
doubt it'd stick." Chun-Li said.
I pull myself out of Avalon's "loving" grip before turning to Diana. "I wouldn't bother with
that idea, Diana. Some of the strongest beings in the multiverse tend to be quirky or eccentric
in varying degrees. You should know that better than anyone."
"Right." Diana acknowledged. The Justice League is full of people so would call eccentric,
particularly a certain brooding hero.
"No one is perfect and we all have our own definitions of 'normal' or 'mature', and while there
may be common consensus on certain topics or standards, that doesn't mean everyone will
adhere to it or that it's always right or for the best. Plus, for some, it can act as a sort of
coping mechanism, not to mention it can sometimes provide unique perspectives and ideas
that can prove to be surprisingly invaluable in one or more situations." I said. "What's
important is to remain open-minded, flexible, adaptive, perceptive, and patient. That's the key
to adjusting to any new environment or overcoming any situation or meeting new people,
along with being able to constantly improve and ultimately staying sane in the long-run. Just
some words of wisdom I'd like to offer."

Diana and Chun-Li are surprised by his words, though Lady Avalon has a big grin on her
face.
"Ara, Master-kun sure has wisdom in spades for someone so young~" Avalon sang.
"Anyways, how are you girls doing? I hope you're all settling well." I ask.
Chun-Li nods. "We are. It surprised me how fast we got used to this." She continues. "We all
get along with each other really well, though there's some clear tension between the Sagiri
sisters."
"The demon called Tempester seems to not like us, though it felt like we were being glared at
by an animal rather than a person. But aside from him, everyone else has treated us with
kindness, especially Fairy Tail." Diana adds.
"Yeah." I nod. "Fairy Tail may be an eccentric bunch, but they are also the most tenacious,
most powerful group of knuckleheads you'll ever find. They support each other in the pursuit
of adventures and dreams, accepting any hopeful applicants regardless of their background,
and most importantly cherishing the bonds between each other and being akin to a large
family." I say with a nostalgic smile. "It's why they are my favorite magic guild that I have
admired and respected for years, and why they are such valuable allies."
"Wish you warned us about the men though. Most of them stared at me with their dirty eyes."
Diana remarks with a slight growl.
"Sorry about that." I said. "Although, in their defense, while this universe does have an
unique tendency of having its female inhabitants being unusually attractive, almost all of you
summoned girls are exceptionally gorgeous and sexy even on an multiversal scale. Not even
goddesses or sex demons hold a candle to you three." I told them, causing them all to blush at
my compliment.
"You sure know your way with words. Making me all hot and bothered like this." Avalon
tugs the collar of her outfit. "I hope you take full responsibility for making me all sweaty."
"Are we still sticking to the agreement with the other girls?" Avalon asked her fellow
Isekaijin.
"Without a doubt." Chun-Li answered.
"Things are getting too interesting to back out now." Diana replied without hesitation.
Unbeknownst to Asmodeus, Avalon and the other ten girls held a secret meeting among
themselves shortly after he sent Athena away.
It was here that they all openly admitted their romantic feelings towards their summoner,
regardless of whether they had to share him with each other or other girls. With most of them
admitting they desired or at least contemplated getting a decent guy as a boyfriend even
BEFORE being summoned to this new universe, and now they found the 'perfect man beyond

their wildest dreams' in Asmodeus. Even people who weren't interested in relationships like
Diana and Sariel were firmly determined to make him their lovers.
Needless to say, he's got his work cut out for him.
"Maybe later. I gotta take care of something first." I put my hand on the wall and it begins to
shape and morph into a door.
"Huh!?" The three girls were surprised by what they saw.
"This entire fortress is made of [Dark Matter]. I can manipulate it to do whatever I wish. If I
want more rooms, I can make them." I said.
The door opens and I walk into it revealing a large empty space with nothing inside.
The trio walk inside just in time to witness what happens next.
"Now to get started." I kneel and place both of my hands on the pristine floor. "Let's hussle."
[Celestial Engineer] allows me to instantly create a blueprint of whatever object I can think
of.
And with [Dark Matter], I can make those plans into reality.
[Dark Matter] gives it form, while [Celestial Engineer] gives it life.
This room is a canvas, and my power is the brush and paint.
The women watch as the room, no, as space itself shifts and transforms around them.
It twists and bends, and from it, changes the very nature of the world.
Eventually, space resettles and the room has now changed.
What was once an empty room is now a vast circular chamber with metallic steps and
walkways to travel across, multiple protrusions from the ground and ceiling resembling
mechanical stalactites and stalagmites that seemed to channel energy between each other, and
what appears to be a massive mechanical head as the centerpiece suspended in the ceiling
with five coffin-like interfaces in the center.
"Whoa. What was all that, and what is that machine?" Chun-Li asked in amazement, a
sentiment shared with Avalon and Diana if the expressions on their faces were any indication,
though Diana's was more subdued in comparison.
I stand up. "Some of the girls raised concerns of how they felt like they still weren't strong
enough to be by my side despite the year's worth of training they all went through thanks to
the Hyperbolic Time Chamber. And even though I told them that was never gonna happen,
they still had their doubts, so I told them I would make them stronger."
"And this is the solution you came up with?" Avalon said.

"Yup." I turn my attention to the alien machine. "This machine allows for anyone placed in it
to become a [Transcendent] within a matter of seconds."
"[Transcendent]? What is a [Transcendent]?" Diana asked in confusion.
"A [Transcendent] is a rare and unique individual of limitless potential and incredible
possibilities that metaphysically transcend virtually all known races. They transcend even the
gods themselves." I revealed, causing the trio's eyes to widen in shock and surprise. "They
are referred to as such because they either naturally transcend all general limitations or at the
very least have the potential to."
"Dear Hera…" Diana said in amazement. "I wasn't aware such a type of being could even
exist."
"They usually don't, mostly because ascensions like those are highly improbable." I said.
"You mean impossible." Chun-Li corrected.
"I know what I said." I told her. "We actually have a living [Transcendent] here. Her name is
Mirajane Strauss, she's the long white-haired beauty that can transform into demons."
"Oh, her! She's so nice, and her breasts are like the softest silk I've ever touched." Avalon
exclaims, making everyone give her a weird look.
"Yeah, that sounds about right." I said. "A few weeks ago, Fairy Tail and I fought the Wood
Dragon God and its apostles. He captured Mira and tried to use her as a power battery to
increase his power while also turning her into a puppet. I managed to save her by purging her
of the dragon's cells from her system by saturating her body in [Chaos Energy] which led to
her transformation, something that I wasn't aware of."
So it was an accident?" Diana asked.
"Mhm." I nod. "And while I can't and REFUSE recreate those conditions, I found a
workaround which is this machine."
"Are you and Mira… together?" Diana suddenly asks.
"Yeah, along with several others." I arch an eyebrow. "That won't be a problem… would it?"
"No, no, no! No problem at all!" Avalon exclaims.
"Right! We don't mind sharing!" Chun-Li adds.
"That good–wait, what?" I said.
"Nothing! Continue with your lecture, Master!" Avalon quickly said.
[Too late, succubus, we heard what you said~]

"The machine is basically conduit of [Chaos Energy] that comes straight from the Emerald
Altar below." I began. "The coffins are flooded with the primal energy in lower doses,
allowing for the body to synergies with the energy at a quick but steady pace, forcing the
metaphysical limiters to be altered or removed entirely. The recipient's willpower is the key
though as [Chaos Energy] responds to the user's thoughts."
"Why only use lower doses?" Diana asks.
"Because this power is like a drug. It's very addicting and can very well lead to your death." I
said.
"That makes sense. It's easy to die from an overdose." Chun-Li agrees.
"Are you sure that is a wise idea? If [Transcendents] are truly as powerful as you say they
are, that means they can also be potentially very dangerous too." Diana asked in some
concern, her years around Batman caused some of his attitude to rub off on her.
"I have a few girls in mind at the moment, as Mirajane is already a [Transcendent] and I
wanna take more time with the Etherious before I consider it." I reassure her. "All of them
have firmly insisted on following me on my journey no matter what, as both my subordinates
and my lovers, and I want them to be prepared and have a decent means to take care of
themselves if I'm not available. And if they end up accompanying me through my journey
across the multiverse like they have been insisting, then they will especially need it. As a
wise sorceress once said, one does not learn of the infinite multiverse and all of its infinite
wonders and possibilities without ALSO learning of infinite threats and dangers."
"Who said that, Master?" Avalon perked up.
"A being known only as the Ancient One. She's one of the most powerful sorceresses in the
multiverse and one of the few to hold the title of [Sorcerer Supreme]." I replied.
"Does she have [Clairvoyance] like me?"
"No idea. Though I wouldn't be surprised if she did, given her extrasensory awareness that
seems to transcend time and space." I replied.
[What you answered was practically the very DEFINITION of clairvoyance, FYI]
'It was never explicitly confirmed, and she was episodic on it at best and didn't always give a
lot of information, and there were things she didn't know or foresee.' I counter.
"So that's why you occasionally seemed reluctant to let us join you on your adventures. And
here I was thinking you were being an overprotective boyfriend."
We turn to the voice and see Cana standing by the door along with all of the girls.
"Girls…" I mutter.
"I can see why sometimes you seemed reluctant when we made it clear that we intended to
join you no matter what, Asmodeus-kun." Mirajane answered with a warm and understanding

expression. "You were just looking out for us, especially since we lack the same experience
as you."
"N-no, you got it all wrong, Mira." I began. "I'm reluctant because this is my first time,
because I lack any real experience."
"It's okay, kid. I'm not afraid to admit that I don't know much about other worlds but that all
changed when I met you and Gray telling of his time in Edolas." Ur then snickers. "Can you
believe that Edolas Gray is basically a walking closet? Wearing hundreds of clothes all at the
same time? I just couldn't stop laughing!"
"The way you look out for us and how much you care about us is exactly why we wanna be
there for you no matter what, Asmodeus-sama." Seilah follows up.
"My life belongs to you, Asmodeus-sama! I intend to follow you to the very end!" Brandish
said proudly.
"And my mind, body, and soul belong to you as well, Asmodeus-sama. I wouldn't even be
alive without you, my love. And I would be lying if the prospect of other worlds and powers
hasn't caught my eye after my recent experiences with these new powers. I wish for nothing
more than to join you no matter the risk, Asmodeus-sama~" Irene said lovingly.
I was at a loss for words. "I…"
"Asmodeus-kun." I turn to Sariel. "We want you to know that despite knowing you for less
than a day, we deeply care about you. And if you care about us, then you should have faith
that we can persevere against any ordeal that comes our way."
"Whether it's a God or a Devil, we will beat them down and make them lick our feet!" Berial
proudly states.
"It's okay to rely on us more, Asmodeus-kun. We are here for you." Mammon says with a
motherly tone.
"Yeah! So don't cry because we are here!" Konomi happily exclaims.
"I intend on cherishing the opportunity you have given me to strive to my full potential and
help you accomplish your goals and desires, Asmodeus-sama, and to get rid of all of your
enemies." Yoko swore.
[Isn't this just sweet? They all love you so dearly despite you doing so little. A lot guys
would want to murder you just to be in your position]
"No matter what happens, we will get through it, Asmodeus-sama~" Avalon happily says
with a beaming smile.
"Just because this is new and uncharted territory for me doesn't mean I'm gonna back down,
and I intend to become as strong as possible thanks to you, Asmodeus." Chun-Li says with a
vibrant smile.

"I never back down from a challenge simply because it is too dangerous, and if these infinite
threats and dangers you mentioned put innocent lives or entire universes in peril, then it's
clear that staying and following you is the best choice I can make, Asmodeus. And if I can
strive to improve myself and reach new heights to make things better for everyone along the
way, then all the more reason to stay with you." Diana says in her unique, charismatic way.
Tears begin to roll as I quickly wipe them. "Dammit. I can't help but be touched by you all.
Thank you girls."
"Look at what you did, Diana-chan. You made Master-kun cry!" Avalon teased.
"I-I didn't mean to!" Diana quickly defends herself.
"I-It's fine." I sob as [Gamer's Mind] kicks in. "I was just so happy by your words that I
couldn't help myself. It's nobody's fault."
"O-Okay." Diana said, albeit still flustered.
Avalon giggles. "Diana is so cute when she's flustered~"
"L-Lady Avalon!?"
"Anyways," I turn to the group. "Which one of you goddesses wants to taste true
supremacy?"
"Me! Me, me, me!" Brandish excitedly raises her hands.
"I certainly wouldn't mind~" Irene purrs.
"I would like to be a demon goddess." Seilah said.
"Hell yeah!" Cana and Ur roared.
[Looks like we got some eager volunteers. Muhahaha~]
"Asmodeus-kun?" I turn to Mira. "Is there any way for a [Transcendent] to ascend further?"
"Normally no, outside of training, since the removal of said limitations doesn't make you allpowerful or invincible, but they are ways I can boost your growth and potential further." I
said.
"How?" Mira asks.
I raise my hand and brush her hair aside, revealing a small tattoo of a dragon on the left side
of her neck.
"My mark. It connects you to me, and gives you an extra boost." I explained.
"But, when did you-" Mira's eyes widen as she puts it together. "The night we had sex?"
"Yup." I pop the P.

"Wait, really?" Brandish checks every part of her body until she finds the tattoo under her
right thigh. "I found it!"
"Damn! You had a threesome and gave those two a magical tramp stamp? Sweet." Cana
smirks.
"... why didn't I get one? I was his first." Irene was confused and pouted.
"And I'm next. You hussies will have to wait your turn." Seilah smirked.
"No way! I'm riding him tonight!" Ur said.
Seilah scoffed. "As if my master would ever want to have intercourse with a frozen hag like
you."
Multiple tick marks appear on Ur's head and she aims a Ki blast at the demoness.
"Say that again, bitch! I dare you!" Ur growls.
"Enough!" I yell causing the two to flinch. "Besides, there are other ways to get the mark. It
doesn't have to be through sex."
"What does the mark do?" Yoko asks.
"Aside from the power boost, the mark solidifies your bond with me, makes you immune to
mind control, has a defense enchantment, enhances beauty, revives you after you're killed,
telepathy, transformations, grants exponentially enhanced growth rate, among a bunch of
other stuff." I explained.
"Wow, and that's all from a little tattoo?" Cana said.
"I know. I'm awesome." I said with a smug look.
[Okay, tone it down. We don't need people seeing your head from miles away]
"Well, let's get started, yeah?" I said.
"Just one question." Avalon chimed. "Is having your mark the same as being married to
you?"
I stop in my tracks as I realize she's right. "Oh…"
"So, that means you're married to both Mira-chan and Brandi-chan!" Avalon chirped.
"N-Now, wait a se-" But I didn't finish as said girls trap me in a crushing hug.
"Asmodeus-kun, I didn't realize how deeply profound having your mark will be, but thank
you so much! I promise you won't regret it!" Mirajane cried as she pressed her face against
my chest.

"This is the happiest day of my life, Asmodeus-sama! I will strive every day to make you
every bit as happy as you have made me!" Brandish sobbed into my chest as she tightened
her grip around my arm.
The other girls, however, took this revelation surprisingly well in stride, with all of them,
including the Isekaijin girls, wanting to become his "mates" more than anything else.
After that short revelation, the five girls stepped into the coffins without much issue.
"This is pretty snug." Ur comments as she wiggles inside.
I press a button on the holo screen. "SEALING COFFIN."
The coffins rise up until they reach the top. A loud hissing noise is heard followed by locks
moving in place.
"COFFIN SEALED."
Five screens appear showing me the girls' vitals. "Everything's ready."
Mira and the Isekaijin all watch silently as my finger travels to the final switch.
"Let there be light." I press the button and the machine activates.
A surge of [Chaos Energy] can be sensed within each of the coffins, though thankfully it
wasn't an overwhelming amount in regards to each girl, meaning none of them were at risk
from the procedure.
I also made sure to take precautions to ensure the process wouldn't be overwhelming or
painful, though I made sure to tell each of the girls beforehand to mentally focus on their
desire and ambition to become stronger, to the notion of being able to overcome anything and
accomplish anything, and the notion of never giving up and getting stronger in the face of
challenge and adversity.
Since their willpower and thoughts were key to this procedure, focusing on such thoughts
would resonate with the [Chaos Energy] and synergize better with their bodies, mind, and
souls to vastly increase the odds of success.
"Vitals are normal. No abnormalities detected." I said, checking over the data.
After a minute or so, the power surge quickly dies down.
"Is it over? Was it a success?" Mirajane asked in curiosity and some concern.
"Only one way to find out." I reply as each of the five coffins descend, letting out a cloud of
steam.
The girls groan as they slowly rise from the coffins, stumbling as they climb out of them.

The girls didn't look any different appearance wise, but the power surging within them spoke
volumes of their evolution.
Name: Brandish μ
Title: Nation Destroyer, Witch Queen, Catastrophe, Transcendent
Level: 491
Affiliation: Alvarez Empire (Former), Asmodeus
HP: 7,908,339
MP: 9,188,812
SP: 7,075,092
AP: 9,100,678
Thoughts about you: Wants to ride you
Name: Seilah
Title: Goddess of the Chill Moon, Queen of the Underworld, Master of Curses, Frozen
Mistress, Enchanter, Transcendent
Level: 496
Affiliation: Tartaros (Former)
HP: 9,884,878
MP: 5,907,125
CP: 10,933,459
SP: 9,066,789
AP: 8,901,315
Thoughts about you: Master
Name: Ur
Title: Ice Mistress, Fairy Heart, Transcendent
Level: 489
Affiliation: Asmodeus
HP: 7,756,550

MP: 8,677,845
SP: 6,999,554
AP: 6,889,324
Thoughts about you: Thankful, wants to ride you
Name: Cana Alberona
Title: Walking Brewery, Fortune Teller, Mavis' Successor, Fairy Heart, Transcendent
Level: 478
Affiliation: Fairy Tail, Asmodeus
HP: 6,330,344
MP:8,667,291
SP: 5,994,355
AP: 7,553,901
Thoughts about you: Thankful, wants to do dirty things
Name: Irene Belserion
Title: Scarlet Despair, Queen of Dragons, The Sage Dragon, The Original Dragon
Slayer, High Enchanter, Transcendent
Level: 517
Affiliation: Kingdom of Dragnof (Former), Alvarez Empire (Former), Asmodeus
HP: 10,045,644
MP: 10,554,721
SP: 10,001,433
AP: 9,568,901
Thoughts about you: Wants to engage in hardcore, uncensored sex all week long
"How do you all feel?" I asked.
Ur looks at her hands. "I feel… great!"
"Totally energized!" Cana exclaims.

"So this is what it's like to stand at the top…" Seilah marvels at her new power.
"This is the greatest thing anyone has ever done for me!" Irene said.
"I love you Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish gives me a deep kiss.
I return the kiss and hug her tight. "Hehehe. I love you, too."
"Hey!" I turn to Cana and the others.
"What about us, huh!? Where's our love!?" Cana demands.
"You are being extremely unfair, master." Seilah said in her usual blank tone, although you
can pick the hint of jealousy in her words.
"Coming right up! (Excuse me, Brandish)." I let go of Brandish and proceeded to give each
of the girls a loving kiss.
My [Mate Mark] soon appears on random parts of their bodies, signifying their eternal bond
and love for me.
"What about us, Master-kun? Don't we deserve some love?" Avalon begged in the cutest way
possible.
'I just can't resist her when she gets all cute like this.' I thought as I kissed the summoned
girls, instantly gaining their own [Mate Marks].
"Hehe~ I knew you love me~" Avalon giggled.
"Now then," I turn to the five new [Transcendents]. "You all must be exhausted from the
process, take a bit of time to rest and adjust to your new changes. Afterwards, train for a bit
so you can get accustomed to your new bodies. Mira admitted that she had issues tapping into
her chaos powers mid-way through her fight with Rustyrose and Layla, so I don't want the
same thing to happen to you all."
"He's right guys, I learned that lesson the hard way and it was honestly one of the most scary
moments I ever faced." Mirajane supported while shivering at the memory of the experience.
"We know. That bastard made us all feel powerless." Cana smirks. "Now it's our turn to
return the favor."
The other girls nod.
"Well, now that that's out of the way-" But I stop as someone grabs me from behind. "Huh?"
"Yoink." Irene taps her staff and the two are teleported out.
Brandish's face cringes with anger. "That bitch! She pulled a fast one on us again!"
"Unacceptable. This behavior is very unacceptable." Seilah growls.

"Doesn't she know the meaning of sharing? Fuck." Ur snapped.
Avalon smiled mischievously at the scene playing out before her. "Oh yeah, I'm gonna love it
here."
Meanwhile
Irene and I reappear in her room before she promptly pushes me into her bed.
I look around and the room's changed. The room is much larger than before, the walls are
draped with loyal purple wallpaper with golden pillars in every corner. On both sides of the
room are shelves full of books, likely magical books though I'm not sure how she got them.
I notice that the bed is also bigger, California King-sized by the looks of it with a canopy on
top, also draped in royal purple sheets as well.
"So," Irene gestures to her room. "I wanna hear it."
"I love it." I said. "The purple's a pretty nice touch. Though I assumed you liked red."
"You're not the first person to think so. But I prefer purple over red." Irene walks forward.
"But enough of that, you know what I want~"
"Oh?" I teased as she leaned forward merely inches from my lips. "And what's that?"
"Why don't I give you a hint?" Irene then kisses me.
Lemon Start
As we kiss, I rip off part of her top, releasing her humongous breasts for me to see.
"Such big tits," I started to play with her soft tits. "And they're mine to do as I please~"
"Aaah… ah~" Irene moaned as her body was suddenly overloaded with pleasure.
"Did I forget to mention that the [Mate Marks] also make your bodies extremely sensitive
and more susceptible to pleasure? Oh well, now you know." I said as I bit one of her nipples.
Irene bites her lower lip as she watches her master play with her tits, fondling them and biting
them, marking them as his to do as he pleases.
"M-Master…! L-Let me please you, too!" Irene moans.
He stops and pulls away, leaving a trail of saliva on his latest bite mark.
She drops to her knees and proceeds to pull down his pants, freeing his iron-like length from
the confines of his boxers, jerking it lightly with a delicate grip while casting an enchantment
to make it more sensitive to her touch.
"Fuck…" I moaned.

Irene kisses the head, sipping on the leaking precum as it comes her way. "Tasty~" She then
moves forward, placing her humongous tits right on above the tip before releasing them from
her grip, letting them fall right on my dick.
"Guh, fuck…!" I moan out as she begins moving her arms up and down, staring up at me
with lust-filled dragon eyes.
"How does it feel, master? Do my soft tits make you feel good?" Irene lewdly purrs.
"... yeah. They're wonderful." A dark smirk stretches my face. "You just couldn't hold it in,
could you? I bet you couldn't wait to get your hands on my cock as soon as you got out of the
machine. No, that's not right. You've been looking forward to this ever since I came back."
Irene snarls, scales begin to appear on her face.
"Gods yes! Being cooped up in that room for a year almost made me lose my mind! It didn't
help that we had to share it with dozens of people! And when I saw you fucking that shedevil and Brandish, I knew I was past the point of no return! I wanted your cock so
baaaadddd!" She moans out as she squishes her breasts and starts moving faster.
I laugh maniacally. "Well don't worry, my pet, because now I'm gonna spoil you rotten." I
thrust into her tits, the head of my cock easily reaching the surface as she begins to suck on
the head.
"So sweet… so good…" Irene moans as she licks it like a lollipop.
"That's right, lick it, slut. Lick the cock you love so much." I order before grabbing her
nipples and twist them.
Irene squealed for a moment before going back to licking and fondling her massive tits.
Everytime the head reaches her mouth, she makes sure to lovingly suck it over and over for
maximum pleasure.
"You are incredible, Irene." I moan out between breaths. "Your mouth and tits are just godly. I
don't know if I can live without them."
Irene feels her master's cock growing bigger in her mouth, signifying his limit.
'Give it to me, master. I want to taste your delicious cream once again!' She thought, looking
at her master with pleading eyes.
"S-Shit! I'm gonna-!" I stand up and grab Irene's head, pushing my rod all the way into her
throat.
Immediately, a jet of white bursts from the tip, traveling down her esophagus and flooding
her stomach with thick white cream.
Irene's body twitches as she feels the familiar jets of warmth traveling down her throat with
cum leaking out of her nostrils as a noticeable bulge appears in her stomach.

After a few minutes, I pulled my length out of her mouth, allowing some leftover cum to leak
out of her lips, landing on her tits as she took deep breaths.
Irene's face was a mess, with cum all over her mouth and ace as well as her messy red hair.
Seeing her like this just made me even harder.
"I'm so full…" Irene massages her stomach, feeling the warm cum inside her. "It's so warm~"
[What a kinky dragon we got ourselves here]
"Remove the rest of your clothing, and turn around and get on your hands and knees," I
commanded, feeling the desire to fuck the vixen before me.
Irene happily complied and proceeded to undo the string that kept her loincloth in place,
letting it fall silently on the floor, leaving only her heels on as a form of clothing.
"No panties, huh? You're such a perverted dragon Irene." I teased.
She quickly gets on her hands and knees, giving me a front-row seat of her bubbly heartshaped ass and her soaked pussy.
"Asmodeus-sama, please fuck me to your heart's content~" Irene purred, purposely shaking
her ass in an effort to entice me.
Without any hesitation, I inserted my length all the way into her pussy, causing Irene to
squeal from the sudden insertion.
His thrusts were merciless and unrelenting. It took every ounce of willpower not to cry out
like a bitch in heat.
"Urr, you're just as tight as the last time." I moan as I feel the flesh walls close around my
dick. I gripped onto her hips tighter as I continued thrusting my cock in and out. I let out a
sigh of relief as I felt her hot and tight walls straining a bit allowing me more leniency. Irene's
moans were music to my ears and her trembling body made it so much easier to get lost in
ecstasy.
Irene gripped tightly to the floor, bending it with her sheer strength. She can feel his balls
smacking against her clit with every thrust, her ass rippling as her tits are pressed against the
cold floor.
"Ahs… Asmo… deus… shama" Irene moans out his name.
He grabs Irene's waist and pulls her up, causing her to moan as my dick digs deeper inside
her. Irene felt every part of her body vibrate from every forceful thrust. His dick crashing
forcefully against her hungry womb, her tits and belly shaking from his movements.
He grabs her shaking breasts and begins to massage them while occasionally pinch her
nipples as he continues to fuck her pussy. Irene can only grip his arms as she screams in
pleasure, her mind slowly eroding away from the violent ecstasy her master gives her. She

doubts there is any man in this world, or any world for that manner, that could satisfy her the
same way her master can.
Asmodeus lets go of Irene's tits before lifting her up and throwing her to bed facing the
ceiling as he gets right on top of her. Suddenly, the friction became stronger as Asmodeus
thrusts his hips with more ferocity than before, piercing her womb every time he thrusts.
"F-Fuck! I'm cumming!" cries Irene just as her eyes roll back from the pleasure. She wraps
her legs around his waist, her body twitching erratically from the burst of white batter
flooding her baby maker.
"Aah… ahh~" Irene's body gives out and quickly falls unconscious.
Level Up!
I stayed inside her for a few more seconds until I pulled out with a wet pop. The Scarlet
Despair was out of commission, her body spread out like a sexy work of art but she passed
out before I could cum.
"Great, now what am I supposed to do with this?"
*BANG! BANG!*
I turn to the door only for it to be sent flying with a large dent as Cana and Ur enter.
"See!? Told you all we had to do was hit it hard enough!" Cana smirks to the ice mage.
Ur just rolls her eyes. "Whatever. Besides, it looks like we're too late."
"Huh!?" Cana turns her attention to the bed to find Irene and I naked. "Fuck! That old hag
beat us to it!"
"Irene's always been a sly vixen, though in this case, she passed out before I even got a
chance to climax. Rather surprising, given how long we lasted together last time." I
commented in amusement.
Cana and Ur's eyes widened at the information, and upon glancing down at my steely-hard
erection, their pupils immediately turned into pink hearts before they looked at each other.
"That means we still have a chance, Cana!" Ur said excitedly.
"Don't worry about being pent up, Azzy. Ur and I promise to take care of you for the rest of
the night." Cana said seductively.
Ur and Cana proceeded to immediately strip, almost ripping off their clothes from how quick
and excited they were, exposing their extremely voluptuous and well-endowed bodies.
"Hot damn…" I lick my lips at the beautiful sight.

"Well, can you take us on, my little devil?" Cana huskily taunts as she and Ur approach me
with an additional sway in their hips.
Ur kisses me first, her tongue scouring through every part of my mouth while playing with
her pussy.
"Hey… I want a taste too." Cana grabs my face and kisses me, but unlike Ur, her kiss' more
hungry, more aggressive.
"Cana-chan is so hot~" Ur moans as she continues fingering herself while pinching her
nipples.
Cana and I separate, a long trail of saliva reflects the room's light. The two of us stare at each
other, with Cana staring at me with a flustered face and lust-filled eyes.
"I'm… at my limit." Cana pleads before letting out a high-pitched squeak as three fingers
enter her wet pussy.
"If you want it, you gotta say it properly." I whisper as I finger her faster.
"N-Noooooh! I-It's embarrassing!" Cana cries with her words slurring from ecstasy.
"Then… I guess you don't want it then." I pull out my fingers from her snatch, causing her to
gasp.
"N-No! Wait!" Cana bites her lower lip. "P-Please…"
"Please what?"
"PLEASE FUCK ME! I WANT YOUR HOT MEATY LENGTH INSIDE MY VIRGIN
PUSSY! I WANT YOU TO POUND MY WALLS UNTIL THEY'RE THE SHAPE OF
YOUR COCK!" Cana cried.
"See, now that wasn't so hard." I tap my thigh. "Come here."
Cana moves closer and turns around, facing the wall. She grabs his girth and slowly pushes it
in while letting out a pained scream.
I groaned, hips quivering as my length made its way through her tight passage. It wasn't like
Irene's tightness, I can feel her hymen stretching and breaking as my girth tunnels its way
through.
I just took Cana's virginity.
"F-Fuck… this shit hurts…!" Cana hissed.
"You're almost there, Cana-chan. You got this." Ur encouraged.
Finally, with a loud groan, Cana manages to swallow my length all the way to the base.

"Good job, little fairy. But now the real fun begins." I grab her legs and thrust my hips
forward.
"!" Cana feels his dick hitting her tight wall mercilessly. She moans in bliss, her stomach
bulging as his dick presses her skin from the inside.
Ur walks up to her and grabs her jiggling tits. "You look so cute, Cana-chan~" She leans in
and lightly bites one of her nipples before moving to suck them.
I grab her waist and physically push her body up and down like a cocksleeve. Every time I
pull her up, her walls tighten around my length before I bring her down, breaching her womb
in the process.
"C-Cumming!" Cana reels her back as she climaxes, unleashing a rain of her juices all over
the bed and floor while I grab her tightly as I also reach my limit, stuffing her to the brim
immediately and causing cum to leak out of former virgin pussy.
Level Up!
Ur slowly kneels as Cana moans incoherently in front of her, "what a waste of good cum."
She starts licking the combined juices trailing down my balls before moving to where my
dick was impaling her pussy and happily licks the cum.
She moaned at the taste, taking my balls into her mouth one after the other in an attempt to
get more, and I grunted at the sensation. She stayed like that for a while, simply suckling on
one ball after the other in worship long after she had already cleaned them both completely.
I slowly pull Cana off, releasing my dick from the confines of her tight pussy before Ur
quickly starts cleaning the juices off.
Ur pulls out the dick with a wet pop and looks at her master while stroking it. "So, is it my
turn to be bred?"
I grinned as I pulled her up and tossed her to the bed. I lift up her legs and start grinding
against her shaved and soaked pussy.
"Go ahead. My pussy is ready and waiting for you~" She didn't have to wait as I immediately
inserted it in a single thrust, causing Ur to jolt with a smile and gripped the sheets tight. "Ah!
It's been so long!"
"You're both hot and cold inside! It feels amazing, Ur!" I grunt as I surge forward, her walls
clinging to me powerfully like a constrictor wraps around its prey.
Oh yeah, I'm definitely gonna get addicted to this feeling.
I pick up the pace, wet slapping sounds ring out every time our hips collide with one another.
I fuck her hard and fast, making Ur whine at the sudden increase in force and please.
"T-Too fast! Too much!" Ur cries out.

"Hm~ Look at you. He's turned you into a complete sow."
Ur glances up and sees Irene hovering above her. "You look so irresistible right now~"
Before she knew it, Irene's lips met hers in a sloppy fashion. Ur can feel her tongue traveling
down her throat as Asmodeus continues to pound her pussy hard with no stopping.
Irene lets go of Ur's face and moves forward, lowering her body right on top of her so that her
pussy meets her mouth.
"Mmf, eat me sweetheart~" Irene purrs as she feels Ur's tongue surge within her velvet depths
while wrapping her arms against her voluptuous thighs so that she stays in place.
Ur happily licks and sucks her cunt until it is completely cum free, and then licks and sucks
some more, simply content with drinking Irene's juices.
'Her scent and musk… it's so good~" Ur mentally purrs, her mind eroding to nothing but
pleasure.
Irene's moans as she begins massaging Ur's large tits before leaning in and kissing Asmodeus
as his speed increases.
"Ready to cum, love? Go ahead and stuff this sow with your seed. Breed her and make her
your own." Irene lewdly whispers as she pinches Ur's nipples with her sharp nails.
I pull Ur closer before thrusting forward one last time, sending jets of cum all throughout her
depths. Ur's grip on Irene's hips tighten as she wraps her legs around my waist, her body
twitching from the immense euphoria she's undertaking.
"Cumming!" Irene moans and Ur takes the full force of her climax.
A minute later, Irene gets off revealing a smiling Ur with her tongue out and her eyes rolled
back, along with a layer of love juice all over her face.
I pull my length out of Ur causing her cum at that exact same instant as a waterfall of white
flows between her lower lips.
Level Up!
Irene walks up to me and wraps her arms around my waist. "So, what are your thoughts?"
"They're good, Ur especially." I turn to the older redhead. "But they don't compare to you."
"Ara? Does this mean you cherish me more than the others in your harem?" Irene teased.
"Well no, I love all of you equally." I then give her a bright smile. "It's just that you were my
first."
Irene blushes at her master's blunt comment. "I-I see."

"Oh, what's wrong? Has no one ever complimented you before?" I half-teased.
"Not by someone you love." Irene states.
"Aw, I love you too." I said.
Irene turns her head to hide her flustered face before a "meep" escapes her mouth as
something twirls inside her.
"You know, we still have the whole night ahead of us." I finger her already wet pussy. "Why
don't we continue where we left off?"
Irene turns to face me with a smile. "And they say I'm the insatiable vixen."
"What can I say? Once I get going, there's no stopping me." I smirked as Irene and I prepared
to continue for as many rounds as we can, eager to pleasure ourselves in any way we can next
to the unconscious bodies of Cana and Ur, both unaware of our continued sexual debauchery.
I slowly open my eyes and glance at the bodies of Ur, Cana, Irene resting around me.
I rise up and slowly make my way out of the bed without disturbing the girls' sleep.
We spent all night having sex with Cana and Ur joining soon after, and it was amazing. Cana
knew more than she let on, especially when it came to sexual positions, some of which I
didn't know existed.
[You really are a beast, but then again so are these girls. Cana certainly was. Who knew
she was so skillful with her tongue?]
I pull up my stat sheet.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons, Master Forger, Master of Death, Lord of Terror, Blade God
Race: Omniversal Chimera
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 707
HP: 8,223,376 (822338 per minute)
MP: 6,171,774 (617177 per minute)
SP: 4,113,243 (411324 per minute)
AP: 7,230,153 (723015 per minute)

VIT: 205,584
STR: 163,320
DEX: 205,662
END: 205,599
INT: 198,521
WIS: 241,005
MAG: 205,726
LUK: 205,584
CHA: 205,627
Credits: 5,017,976,511 Credits
[Everyone's probably asleep by now. But I think we should deal with Gold Owl ASAP.
We only have like four days left before Rustyrose initiates his plan, and we can't risk
unknown factors like Gold Owl getting in the way, especially with the fate of the
multiverse at stake. Plus, its evident that Gold Owl has the final Chaos Emerald, so best
to get it before Rustyrose does]
"Good point." I put on my [UMF Suit] quickly turning into the iconic black gi. "Luckily, my
clone gave the intel on their location from Athena's brain. Let's roll."
I use Instant Transmission and disappear in the next moment.
Asmodeus appears in the center of a district and looks up to find himself before what looks
like a palace and a miniature fortified city all rolled into one, with round domed roofs
resembling those of the Taj Mahal. What's striking though is that the entire building is made
of pure gold.
"So this is what guild looks like in color. The gold is just overdoing it." I comment.
[It's like saying that the Ruby Palace is actually made of real rubies]
I walk towards the building, however, no sooner than that I am surrounded by a bunch stupidlooking thugs.
"Well, well, well. Look who we have here. Never seen your face here before, pal." A thug
carrying a metal pipe states.
"I take it you're all from Gold Owl." I turn to the thug. "I'm here on business. Your comrades
blew a hole in my home. As such, I am here for compensation."

The thugs all laugh. "Compensation!? That's hilarious!"
"Hey, you think he's a Fairy Tail wizard? He did say one of us attacked him."
"Makes sense. Only a wizard would wear something so UGLY!"
[Ugly? Ohohoho, this fucker really has a death wish]
"So, tough guy, we can do this the easy way or we can do this the hard way." The group all
get ready to attack. "The choice is yours."
I smirk. "How about option three?" I open my [Inventory] and take out the green Chaos
Emerald.
"!" All of the thugs step back in fear as the emerald shines brightly.
The emerald's light gives me a menacing look. "That's right. Now it's my turn."
Author Notes
And that's another chapter finished. Only three more until the end of this arc. I wanna focus
on this before I start on my stories, that way there won't be any conflict when writing
something else.
Leave a comment as always. And if you don't like it, then don't read it.
Peace~

Chapter 27: Fairy Tail: Fool's Gold
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime.
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
Rumbling sounds can be heard all throughout the city as the people turn to the direction of
the Gold Owl guild building, wondering what's going on.
Inside the Guild
"GAAAAAH!" Dozens of alchemists are sent flying and crashing into the surrounding walls
leaving human-sized craters.
"What the hell is this!? How can a wizard be this strong!?" One of the alchemists scream out
before they are blown away.
"I-Is he even human!?" Another alchemist yells, before getting shot by an energy ball.
The area is filled with rows of bodies, from its rooms to its halls. The once impressive
guildhall was now nothing but a warzone, everything was destroyed.
Yet oddly, not a single alchemist was dead.
Loud steps echo as a single figure is seen walking towards a door.
He raises his hand and space bends, blowing the stone doors to nothing.
[You're really not wasting time, are you? I'm surprised you didn't kill them]

"I'm not in the mood for this. Besides, they didn't know about the fake Duke. I'm not gonna
declare them guilty by association." I reasoned.
Ever since I arrived, I've been ganged up on by alchemists, most of whom I believe are from
other guilds who worked under Gold Owl, like how the Oracion Seis had minor Dark Guilds
under their command.
The alchemists were pathetically weak, overhyping their [Alchemy] as the superior
superpower. But all it took was a single attack from me to wire their mouths shot.
I wasn't in the mood to deal with bullshit.
So far, I've been following the traces of [Chaos Energy] that are ligering in the air, taking me
downward to the labs where they were doing experiments.
And most likely where Duke Barbaroa is.
Or rather, where the Gold Dragon God Viernes is waiting.
Yeah, I know that "Duke" is nothing more than a puppet, a [Thought Projection] created by
Viernes in order to interact with the world, as his soul is bound to the building itself.
Though that got me curious, what happened to the real Duke Babaroa? Did Viernes kill him
and took his identity or is he still alive out there somewhere? Sadly, I never got to read the
next chapter since I, well, died and all.
[Whether that guy is alive or not, this glorified golden lizard is getting his ass
thoroughly kicked. Something tells me that based on the attitude of Gold Owl and his
element being Gold itself, he'll be as narcissistic and unrepentant as Aldoron]
'That likely does seem to be the case, I'll give that bastard one chance before I end him.' I
growl as I reach the door.
I open the door and find a very spacious room with clear signs of damage, some appearing
much newer than others.
"What's this room for? Training?" I ask as my eyes examine the space.
"Oro oro… you could say that."
I look up and find two people standing in the center of the room. The first is a tall muscular
man, whose attire consists of a kimono with his arms and legs exposed, a nio-dasuki on his
back, a striped loincloth, tabi socks, and a pair of wooden geta sandals. He is also equipped
with a pair of gauntlets and carries a smoke pipe on his obi sash. He keeps his black hair tied
back and into six tendrils on the sides shaped like antennae. His face also appears to have
Kabuki-style face paint.
The second is the exact opposite, wearing ninja-like attire that conceals his whole body
mixed with a biker aesthetic; having his face hidden within a mask, wearing a leather jacket

with a big collar and decorated with studs and zippers. He also sports a large belt, black pants
and boots. He also carries what appears to be a massive sword on his back.
Name: Gennai
Affiliation: Gold Owl
Level: 300
HP: 788,998
MP: 0
SP: Inf.
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Intruder
Name: Kotetsu
Affiliation: Gold Owl
Level: 300
HP: 788,998
MP: 0
SP: Inf.
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Intruder
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 80/100]
"Oro oro… this is where Duke-sama tests his Alchemical Dolls. He would pit them against
each other with the loser being recycled to create stronger dolls."
"Materials." Kotetsu grunted.
[These two have infinite stamina. They're Alchemical Dolls just like Athena]
"I am surprised that an Ighsar wizard would attack an alchemy guild so brazenly. Truly,
wizards are so barbaric. Oro oro…" Gennai said.
I just stare at the two. "... I'll only say this once: get out of my way."

"Hmpf, you may be strong, boy, but if you believe that you can defeat Duke-sama's greatest
works yet, then you are in for a surprise. Oro oro." Gennai pulls out a large smoke pipe from
his back. "I, Gennai, can transmute smoke."
A large plume of smoke comes out of the pipe and quickly covers the entire room in a gray
fog.
[It seems they're using the smoke as cover to get sure hits. Why don't you show them
the folly of their overconfidence]
"Useless." In an instant, the smoke vanishes, revealing a shocked Kotetsu and Gennai.
"Impossible…!" A horrified Gennai mutters.
"Nothing is outside the realm of possibility for me. You should've realized that when I made
my way here so easily." I glanced at Kotetsu and spoke to him in a mocking tone. "By the
way, unlike your colleague, you never introduced yourself or what kind of Alchemy you
used. For people claiming wizards are barbaric, you seem to be the ones lacking decorum and
courtesy."
"I, Kotetsu, can transmute iron. Everything I touch turns to iron." The ninja-like Alchemist
states.
[Why do I get the feeling Gajeel would literally jump over the moon if he learned of
this?]
'Because he'll definitely try to learn this Alchemy so that he can have an infinite supply of
iron whenever he wants?' I replied.
[Good lord, giving an Iron Dragon Slayer the ability to create their own, near-limitless
supply of Iron? What could possibly go wrong? Maybe give it to Levy instead,
considering she's more likely to have an affinity for Alchemy than Gajeel. Last thing
Fairy Tail needs is for Gajeel to become a glutton]
"So, have you guys made up your mind? Are you gonna surrender or are we gonna fight?" I
ask again.
"You arrogant ruffian, wizards like you are no match for the superior might of Alchemists!"
Genmai bellowed as he and Kotetsu prepared their combo attack.
"[Blind Iron Sickles]!" The two dolls bellow as Genmai once again creates a fog-like
smokescreen around me, only for me to cancel it once again.
Only to see Kotetsu right in front of me!
"Take this." He swings two large sickles at me, but I quickly summon the [Sparda] and parry
them away.
"Hehe… c'mon." I taunted the alchemists. "I can do this all day."

Before they could attack, however, we were all surprised when we heard the yell of a voice
that sounded familiar to me.
"[Fire Dragon King's Brilliant Flame]!" A massive fire attack came from behind me and
struck the two unprepared alchemists, engulfing them in the powerful magical flames.
I turn to the source of the voice and attack, and sure enough, Natsu's here!
"Am I late for the party?" Natsu smirked.
"Natsu!? What the hell are you doing here!?" I asked in bafflement.
"I was bored and couldn't sleep. Then I felt you leaving the tower and knew something
exciting was happening, and I was right!" Natsu grins. "So, I had your invisible butler track
you down and send me to you!" He chirps as he looks around. "Boy, you sure were busy. And
I thought I was destructive."
'Seriously!? He tracked me down because he couldn't sleep!?' I mentally groaned.
[Look on the bright side, his sensory abilities are improving since he can now track
energy signatures from miles away. Then again, it's not like Gold Owl is that far away
from Drameel and the Aincrad]
"That's rich coming from you of all people! Especially since I'm here because these morons
tried to steal from me and trashed my house!" I snapped.
"Damn, you sound pissed." Natsu remarks.
"I'm not pissed, I'm annoyed. Trust me, Natsu, you wouldn't like me when I'm angry." I
threatened.
[What are you, the Hulk or something?]
"Eh-hem!" The two of us turn to the direction of Kotetsu and Genmai.
"If you two are done chit chatting, shall we get this over with? Oro oro." Genmai said.
"Annoying." Kotetsu grunted.
Natsu looks at me. "Who are these clowns?"
"WE ARE NOT CLOWNS!" The two yelled.
"They're members of Gold Owl, Alchemical Dolls like the ones that attacked us." I state.
"Their guildmaster is actually one of the Five Dragon Gods: The Gold Dragon God Viernes."
"Wait, really!? He's a guildmaster, too!?" Natsu exclaims. "Then that means that taking on
these guys is involved in the [100-year Quest]!" He then sends me an accusatory gaze.
"What the hell, man?! You're my friend, but taking out the Dragon Gods is MY team's quest
to complete!"

"Well I'm not here to defeat him, if that's what you're worried about. I just wanna talk to
him… with my fists." I admit.
"Hey, hey, hey! He's MY prey! What gives you the right to get involved in my quest!?" Natsu
demands.
"Attempted theft and destruction of private property would be a start. Also the murder of my
first robot friend!" I snapped.
"Oh…" Natsu mutters, now feeling like an asshole.
"Also he has a Chaos Emerald, so I'm here to take it before he does something stupid with it.
We don't need another fiasco like Aldoron." I add.
"But that was fun!" Natsu said.
[It was a bit fun, you can't deny it]
"Anyways, I thought it'd be a good opportunity to snatch the emerald while you were all
asleep. So, I made a judgment call and here we are, though now I see that was useless in the
end." I sigh.
"Well, at least you didn't leave us aside intentionally." Natsu said in a more understanding
tone before switching to a more exciting one. "But the Dragon God is still mine!"
"Go for it. I'm just here for the emerald." I agree as the dolls leap forward for an attack.
"Oro oro! You're both wide open!" Gennai exclaims.
"Die!" Kotetsu swings his sword down.
Only to freeze mere a few feet from us.
"What…? Why can't I-!?" Kotetsu turns to Gennai, who is also in the same predicament.
I glare at them, eyes glowing bright blue. "Don't interrupt us."
The two dolls are blown back with exceptional force, their bodies buried into the floor.
Gennai was the first to rise soon followed by Kotetsu. "Damn you…!"
"What's the matter? Can't handle a few 'barbaric' wizards? If anything, you Alchemists appear
to be overrated." I mocked, causing them both to grit their teeth in anger. I then look at Natsu.
"Wanna do the honors?"
"With pleasure." Using his Ki to turn his hands into dragon-like claws, he infuses Ki
and [Aura] into his charged up magic. "[Fire Dragon King's Claw]!"
"Foolish." Kotetsu charges at Natsu who quickly follows suit. He punches forward but the
doll deflects his claw. "Turn into metal."

Only for nothing to happen.
"What?" A confused Kotetsu says, but is soon cut short as another crimson claw grabs his
face.
[His Aura prevented Kotetsu from transmuting his arm into iron. Interesting]
Natsu then proceeds to slam Kotetsu to the floor with incredible force, leaving a crater where
they stand.
He does this over and over, expanding the crater with each collision, all the while the
Salamander is smiling happily.
"Damn." I mutter as I check his stats.
Name: Natsu Dragneel
Title: Salamander, The Great Demon-Lord Dragneel, E.N.D., Hellfire Dragon Dragneel,
Destroyer
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
Level: 340
HP: 1,334,099
MP: 1,588,989
CP: 1,886,011
SP: 2,034,441
AP: 1,320,119
Thoughts about you: Best Friend
"I may have created a monster." I said.
Gennai moves in and tries to bash Natsu with his pipe, only for it to break into pieces on
impact.
Natsu slowly turns his head and stares at Gennai. "... that hurt." He manifests red energy
wings from his back before they transform into giant hands with sharp nails.
"... mercy?" Gennai whined.
The hands grab Gennai and throw him around like a ragdoll, bashing him into every corner of
the room like nothing.
When he lets go, in place of a man there is just a faceless mannequin as it falls to the ground.

'I think Cell might've had a bigger influence on him than I realized.' I thought as I watched
Natsu straighten himself.
"Woohoo! Nothing says like a fight to get the sleepiness off!" Natsu exclaims as he stretches
his limbs. "I feel like I can take on anyone now!" He then turns to my direction. "So, where's
the dragon?"
"... I've been tracking the residual [Chaos Energy] in the air thanks to their experiments. The
scent is stronger here." We turn to the gate just ahead. "He is just beyond that door."
"Then let's go and kick its ASS!" Natsu ignites his palms with fire and propels himself
towards the gate.
I use [Sonido] to appear in front of the gate just as Natsu lands next to me.
The two of us place our hands on the metal door and push, opening it with ease.
The chamber was large, with metal walls, electric coils channeling lightning magic,
dissection tables, tables with tools resembling a chemistry set, and large glass tubes meant to
hold people.
In the middle of the room is a pod with the silhouette of a humanoid inside of it, and in front
of the pod is a man.
"Ah, I see that you made it." He turns around, revealing himself to be a tall older man who
has a dark eyepatch over his left eye, a thick goatee and has light-colored hair that is well
groomed with a braided ponytail. He wears a nobleman's uniform with a cravat.
"Welcome to Gold Owl. I am the guildmaster, Duke Barbaroa."
Name: Duke Barbaroa (Viernes)
Title: Archduke of Life, Guildmaster of Gold Owl, The Voice in the Gold, Impersonator
Affiliation: Gold Owl
Level: 256
HP: 875,433
MP: 845,333
SP: 707,122
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Frustrated, but also intrigued
Special Skill: Concept Manipulation

Allows user to manipulate one's own existence, freeing themselves from rules of
causality
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 81/100]
Natsu leans forward menacingly. "Cut the crap, old man! Where is the Dragon God!?"
Duke doesn't seem affected by Natsu's words. In fact, it was like he didn't give a damn.
"I do not know where you got your information. But there is no dragon god here." Duke
explains, his smile never wavering. "However, I believe you are here for another purpose."
Duke raises his hand and a pedestal rises from the ground, revealing an all-too familiar gem.
[Cyan Chaos Emerald] - Rank: EX
"The last Chaos Emerald." I said.
"Correct. It was found by the Gagarock guild over a year ago." Duke stares at the emerald. "I
knew that the gems held incredible potential the moment I laid eyes on them, their power
helped ascend my research, take it to an entirely new realm of possibilities I never thought
possible." He places his hand on the gem. "Even death is a nonfactor as long as the holder
thinks it so."
"And through it, you brought August and Bloodman back." I surmised.
"Yes. I'd say that was a successful experiment. Rustyrose in particular seemed ecstatic about
it, though he didn't take it well when I forbid him from using them." Duke states.
"Which prompted him to steal one of the emeralds for himself." I finished.
"And look at what he has done. He plans to use the emeralds to make his fantasy into reality.
Quite interesting, no?" Duke asks.
"You're acting pretty chill for someone who's been cornered." I scowled. "You send your
puppets to my house, hurt my friends, and try to steal MY emeralds. Did you think I would
just let you walk away after the shit you tried to pull on me?"
"..." Duke simply stares at me.
"So here's what's gonna happen Viernes: you're gonna hand over that emerald and
then maybe Natsu will go a little easy on the ass-kicking he'll dish out. And don't bother
denying it, I can smell your peculiar scent all over your clubhouse. You became a concept
that merged with the Gold Owl building, and then used [Thought Projection] to impersonate
Duke and take over the guild." I explained.
"Wait, THAT'S what I've been smelling all of this time!? I thought Happy hid a rotten fish in
my clothes again." Natsu exclaims in shock.

Duke narrows his eyes at us before a smirk appears. "... hmph. You got me. That was some
impressive deduction." His demeanor suddenly changed, his tone carrying more malice now.
"But it does not matter. You are already too late."
"Oh really? And what makes you say that? You likely watched our battle with Aldoron and
can already sense that we're WAY stronger than we were back then." I warned him. "I suggest
you think very carefully before you make another move. Otherwise, I won't hesitate to let my
friend here snuff you out with a snap of his fingers."
"Of that, I have no doubt." Du-Viernes admits. "You were right, I have been watching you
and Fairy Tail. Your evolution exceeds that of any living creature on the planet. It is why I
sent my dolls to your flying fortress: to either capture or terminate you. Though it seems they
failed at both." He guides his hand away from the emerald and onto a metal panel. "Luckily, I
always have a backup."
He presses a button and turns on the lights, revealing a large slab that was hidden in the
shadows as well as a number of people inside it.
Two of them are Mercphobia and Elefseria, the Water Dragon God and The Law Dragon
respectively.
The other two are voluptuous young women with light-colored hair in varying styles and
wear headdresses shaped like horns.
"Hey! That's dragon gramps and the water dragon guy! What are they doing here!?" Natsu
yelled. "And who are those girls!?"
"I'm afraid I've been stalling you two. And now it's to show you the fruits of my labor."
Energy crackles from the pod behind Viernes.
Cracks spread all over the glass before the pod bursts outwards and something fast shoots out
of it.
*PING* I quickly moved out of the way, but Natsu wasn't fast enough and got pinned to the
nearby wall.
"YOU!?" Natsu glares at the creature before him.
It was Athena, or at a being similar to her. Her body is colored mostly black instead of white,
the upper half of her face is covered with a visor along with a pair of horns protruding from
the sides of her helm.
Name: Athena II
Title: Transcendent
Affiliation: Gold Owl
Level: 357

HP: 2,877,990
MP: 2,009,566
SP: Inf.
Thoughts about you: n/a
"This is Athena 2. The next generation of anti-dragon weaponry with only one upgrade: no
emotions." Viernes states.
"No… emotions?" Natsu choked out.
"That's right. Unlike that dud, this Athena has no remorse or any concept of feelings, a huge
improvement over the original and will obey my orders without hesitation." Viernes states. "It
is my magnum opus, my ultimate trump card against the other dragons and the false god who
watches this wretched world."
I arch an eyebrow at the last part. False god? Does he mean Rustyrose?
"But how about a demonstration?" Viernes asks. "Athena, put the boy out of his misery."
"Yes sir." Athena 2 opens her mouth and water gathers inside.
"!" Natsu's eyes widen in apprehension as he sees a jet stream of water heading straight for
him.
However, before the attack can connect, I move in front of him and raise my hand, letting the
attack be negated by my [Infinite Dragon Slayer].
"[Sky Dragon Roar]!" I breathe out a Hurricane straight at the knock off, sending crashing
straight to a series of large glass tubes.
"Hey! I could have tanked that!" Natsu yells at me. "You didn't need to step in!"
"I think the word you're looking for here is 'thank you'." I said.
Soon, Athena 2 bursts out of the debris, the damage to her seemingly undone in an instant.
'Of course that bastard gave it a healing factor. Of course.' I breathe out in annoyance.
[Guess this is another case of us needing to put an arrogant Dragon God and his
followers in their place, huh?]
"Natsu, you take on Viernes." I told the Salamander. "I'll handle this knock off."
"What!? No way! You already fought a robot girl, now it's my turn!" Natsu argued.
I give the dragon slayer a dirty look. "Need I remind you that it can use [Water Dragon
Slayer Magic]? The perfect counter to your [Fire Dragon Slayer Magic]?" I rhetorically
asked.

"So!? You think a little water's gonna stop me!?"
"Why are you the one getting mad!? I thought you wanted to take on the dragon yourself!" I
point out.
"Because I wanna be the main character for a change!" Natsu argued.
[Did Natsu just break the fourth wall?]
"It doesn't matter who takes on who, it won't change anything." Viernes' mocking voice grabs
our attention. "My Athena 2 is a one-of-a-kind masterpiece, and once she takes your magic
power, she will be unstoppable." Viernes mockingly states.
"You make it sound like you already won." I comment.
"Because I have." Viernes raises his arms upward. "Athena, show them the full extent of your
power."
"Yes, Duke-sama." Athena 2 responds in a monotone tone.
In an instant, reality shifts and we are all transported into a nightmarish hellscape resembling
a dark, crumbling rocky terrain with a flowing burning river, the sky is covered in black
clouds, twisted dead trees and bones are scattered throughout the area.
"What the!? Where are we!?" Natsu yells as he frantically looks around.
"Calm down, we're still inside the guild. But the room has been transmuted by [Alchemy]." I
told him.
"Very good." Viernes applauds. "This is Ennie Signario's World Alchemy [Purgatory]. With
it, she has complete control over this world, and anyone who is trapped here will be burned
by the flames of Hell."
"Hmph! Jokes on you, I can just eat the fire!" Natsu tries to eat a nearby flame only to pull
back as his tongue is burned. "THAT HURTS!"
"The flames here aren't magical, meaning you cannot eat them." Viernes smiles. "This
hellscape shall serve as your graves."
[This is getting out of hand]
'I know.' A smile appears on my face. 'But this is the best time to use that.'
"There is nothing you can do. Surrender your magic and I may show some mercy."" Viernes
taunts before feeling something off. "Hm?"
"I am the Bone of my Sword." I utter, my words echoing across this world with absolute
authority. "Steel is my body and fire is my blood."
All of a sudden, a powerful pulse of mana surges from him and washes over everyone.

"I have created over a thousand blades."
Viernes looks on and sees something rippling on the horizon of the hellscape. "What is that?"
"Azzy…?" Natsu looks at his friend with curiosity and worry.
"Unknown to-Ack!" I felt my throat suddenly close as a screen appeared in front of me.
Warning!
User is not yet fully compatible with [Unlimited Blade Works]! Forced activation has
made the user at risk of permanent soul damage!
[Unlimited Blade Works] has been disabled for 24 hours to avoid further damage.
Well, that's new.
[It's because you tried activating it with an incompatible aria. The Reality Marble is
tied to your soul, and as such, has its own unique activation. You'll have to figure it out
before you try using it again]
"I do not know what spell you were trying to cast, but it seems you have failed." Viernes'
smug look returns. "Now then Athena, take their magic."
"Understood."
"Start with the silver-eyed one. His incantation has piqued my interest." Viernes adds.
Athena 2 rushes forward with her hands raised, her palm splitting open revealing maws with
sharp teeth.
I raise my hand and charge a ki blast while Natsu ignites his hands with fire.
*CRACK-BOOM!*
The world breaks as something bursts in and crashes between us and the black doll.
"WHAT!?" Viernes yells in surprise at the sudden development.
Standing between them is a short voluptuous young lady with a toned, muscular body with
G-cup breasts. She has fair skin, large magenta eyes, and pastel blue hair that falls past her
waist. She wears a short one-piece white dress with torso armor that keeps her breasts in
place along with a baby blue shirt that leaves a hole underneath. She wears long black
stockings with white sleeves connecting to a garter belt that goes just above her exposed hips,
which are covered by two golden flaps on both sides. She wears two long evening gloves
with two sets of bracelets on both her upper arms and wrists with white and black detailing,
giving them the appearance of wings. She also wears a large white, black, and green helmet
which covers her forehead with a set of two protrusions sticking out where her ears would be.
Overall, she is beautiful. A true warrior goddess.

"Athena…" I called out.
Viernes' eyes widened. "Athena!?"
Athena turns her head to us and smiles. "I'm glad to see you're okay, my friend."
I smiled back.
Viernes grits his teeth. "Your new body makes no difference. Athena 2, destroy this failed
experiment!"
Athena 2 collapses as her body spasms out of control.
"Athena, what are you doing!? Get up this instant!" Viernes cries out in desperation.
"She cannot." Athena began. "I have shut down her power core. She may be operational, but
she will not be able to use her stolen power." She then turns to the disguised dragon. "You
should not have made an exact duplicate, it was thanks to our shared system that I was able to
disable it."
Viernes chuckles. "No… not everything." This made the android arch an eyebrow. "Athena.
Activate Dues Protocol. Priority Wilhelm."
A whirring sound can be heard as Athena 2 starts to get up, its body glows with power as
steam begins to come out of the gaps in its armor.
"What's it doing!?" Natsu asks as the doll's limbs creak loudly and start hissing.
[The doll's core is going into meltdown. Viernes has literally turned it into a bomb]
Athena 2's chest cavity rips open, revealing a large barrel that quickly starts charging black
energy.
"Fire!" Viernes yells.
She fires a black energy beam straight for us, but Athena simply raises her hand and catches
it.
"W-What!? She caught the energy stream!? She shouldn't be able to do that!" Viernes yells in
disbelief.
The energy stream shrinks until it is fully absorbed. "Energy contained."
"Tch!" Viernes' anger was boiling over. "DESTROY THEM!"
Athena 2 sluggishly moves forward, her body worn down and on the verge of breaking at any
moment.
The original Athena can't help but look at this mirror version of herself with sympathy. "You
did not deserve this sort of existence…" Her doppelganger slowly gets closer. "If you had

been born with feelings, I wonder what sort of person you would have become."
"..." Natsu and Asmodeus look on as they listen intensely to her words.
"KILL HER NOW!"
Athena 2 slowly raises its right arm, its body trembling the more it forces itself to obey.
However, it doesn't have a chance to finish as Athena wraps the doppelganger in a tight
embrace.
"That's enough. You can rest now." Athena softly whispers.
Athena 2's body slumps over, its power finally spent. Although from a certain angle, it looks
like it is returning the hug.
"No… NO!" Viernes cried out as his masterpiece was defeated.
Four white orbs rise out of the doll and fly towards the four in the slab.
The world suddenly dissolves and we are all back in the lab.
"How can this be?" Viernes falls to his knees. "How could a failure like you defeat a perfect
being like Athena 2 so easily?"
"A perfect being, you say?" Viernes' gaze shifts to me. "Sorry to burst your bubble, but such a
thing doesn't exist."
"What?" Viernes asks.
"It may sound cliché, but there's no such thing as perfection. But for ordinary people, it's
something to strive for. It's infatuation!" I told him. "But at some point, you have to ask
yourself what does it mean to be perfect?" I flash him a smile. "Wanna know the answer?"
Viernes just looks as a big smile is plastered on my face.
"Nothing! Zilch, nada, zero." I revealed. "There is no such thing as perfection in this world,
or any world for that matter! It's a worthless endeavor! And if something was truly perfect,
then that's it. There's no room for imagination or improvement. No space for intelligence, or
ability, or mistakes; it's just a dead end. Did leading an alchemy guild taught you nothing?"
"Then… What was the point of all this? What was the point of creating a weapon that could
do the impossible if all of my efforts were going to be fruitless in the end!?" Viernes
demands.
I shake my head. "You just don't get it. You should have been striving to be something better
than what came before you." I said. "The original Duke understood that better than you. He
created Athena to be more than just a simple weapon, he wanted her to grow and experience
things just like any other living being. That's what makes her so powerful." I glare down at
the fake alchemist. "But you never cared about that. You simply wanted a blindly obedient

weapon who always succeeded with little to no tolerance of disobedience, failure, or even
just striving for something BEYOND your vision or interests, a "perfect being" as you put it.
That's why you lost. The moment you embrace an impossible goal, you have already shot
yourself in the foot."
Viernes grits his teeth in anger.
"You thought that Athena was a failure, but she is in fact Duke Barbaroa's greatest success,
beyond even his expectations. And you spat on them and threw her away simply because you
were petty and acting like a little brat. Doesn't really work with your godly image, now does
it?" I spat.
"Oh, snap! You just got roasted, son!" Natsu yelled.
[Seriously? Where is he getting all of these references from?]
Athena grows flustered at Asmodeus' kind words. She never thought there was someone who
would defend her so passionately.
+40 Affection from Athena (40/100)
"You…" A gold aura surrounds Viernes as his veins bulge from his
forehead. "YOOOOUUUUU!"
The Chaos Emerald begins to glow as energy begins to flow into his body and spreads all
over the room, causing it to rumble violently.
"What's happening!?" Natsu yells as dodges some debris.
"The emerald's reacting to his strong emotions! It's tearing this place apart!" I said as more
debris comes down on us. "We gotta get out of here or else we'll be crushed!"
The slab cracks and shatters, freeing its captives.
I use [Duplicate] to create a clone and help me carry the Signario sisters while I carry
Elefseria and Mercphobia.
Athena carries her doppelganger and we all proceed to run out as far as we can as the
building contorts in on itself.
"Hey, is it just me or is this place getting smaller!?" Natsu points out.
"Less talking, more running Salamander! We're almost at the exit!" I exclaimed
We reach the exit just as the building glows a beautiful cyan.
We turn to see the emerald fly into the sky as the building falls apart, a golden aura of
draconic nature emerges from the building and into the gem before it blinds the town with
blinding light.

When the light fades, we see a large metallic Dragon with gold scales, having the body shape
of a sphinx with feathered wings. He has two backwards protruding horns, his head
resembles that of a pharaoh's nemes along with a beard, with two halo-like rings over his
head.
Name: Viernes
Title: The Gold Dragon God Emperor, The Voice in the Gold, Guildmaster of Gold Owl
Affiliation: Gold Owl
Level: 293
HP: 14,799,452
MP: 29,091,732
SP: 12,811,411
Thoughts about you: Destroy
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 82/100]
"Fuck, not this bullshit again." I said under my breath.
"Insolent humans! I am Viernes, the God Emperor of all Dragons! For your arrogance,
you will be the first humans since my ascension to face my WRATH!" Viernes roared,
clearly losing all sense of reason.
[Great, ANOTHER Dragon God having gotten drunk from Chaos Energy. This won't
end well]
I summon a large Gaster Blaster and put everyone on it before turning to the clone.
"Get them as far away from here as you can." I said.
The clone nods as he jumps on the blaster's head and flies away as fast as possible.
"Asmodeus-san, allow me to assist you. My upgraded weapon systems should prove useful to
you." Athena said.
I nod.
The three of us stare at the colossal golden dragon standing in between us, both with
determined looks on our faces.
"... I want to beat this guy even if it kills me." Natsu declares before glancing at me. "What
about you?"

"I wanna fight him too, obviously. Can't let you have all the fun." I told him with a smile.
The two power-up, surprising the dragon with their intense and crushing auras.
I take off all of my shackles. "I'll be the one to end this."
"You wish, Azzy!" Natsu yelled.
With a battle cry, the two transform into their [Etherious Dragon King Mode] and [Super
Saiyan Rosé] respectively.
"To think they were hiding such power…" An amazed Athena mutters.
"You think your new forms will be a match for me!? DIE!" Viernes fires a yellow beam,
but we dodge it easily.
The two charge towards him and their fists hit Viernes' gold scales, sending him back and
crashing to a bed of buildings.
"I'm ending this right now! I'm not taking any chances with you!" I exclaim as I go full
power.
I throw both arms open as black energy gathers in my palms before putting them to the side.
As more power gathers, I add [Infinite Dragon Slayer] magic into it, causing the orb to gain
a rainbow-like color.
Natsu activates his [Mana Burst] and opens his mouth as energy begins to converge in
between his jaws, growing bigger and bigger by the millisecond.
Athena flies up and transforms her hands into large cannons and charges up.
"There's no escape, you golden bastard!" I screamed. "[Infinite Dragon Art - Shining
Judgment]!"
"[Etherious Dragon King Cannon]!"
"[Omega Blast]!"
The three fire massive beams of energy which fuse together as they fly closer to their target.
Viernes only has time to look up as he, and the rest of the city, are swallowed up by a massive
explosion of energy.
"Is he dead?" Natsu asks.
I narrow my eyes at the epicenter of the explosion. "No… it's not."
*PING!*
"Move!" A massive beam of gold shoots out at lightspeeds from the crater and straight for us.
We quickly dodge it as it continues ascending, splitting the sky and turning all of the clouds

into gold in the process before falling like meteorites.
"No way!" Natsu was dumbstruck by what he just saw. "He turned all of the clouds into
gold!"
Athena and I turn our attention back to the ground where we see something. Standing in the
center of the massive crater is a muscular man with pale skin and white eyes. He wears a
pharaoh's nemes over his head but tufts of his spiky, golden hair can still be seen along with a
gold/black beard. He has a black shadow trim around his eyes that resembles the Eye of
Horus and a two-ringed halo floating above his head. He dons a gold suit of armor which
covers most of his chest and shoulders but leaves his stomach and forearms exposed. He
wears black loose pants with a gold skirt on top on them as well as a pair of golden boots on
his feet. The Cyan Chaos Emerald can be seen glowing brightly in the center of his armor.
Name: Viernes
Title: The Gold Dragon God Emperor, The Voice in the Gold, Guildmaster of Gold Owl,
Living Engine of Destruction
Affiliation: Gold Owl
Level: ?
HP: 60,788,365
MP: 98,000,554
SP: 86,567,901
Thought about you: Eviscerate
[Not gonna lie, he looks pretty badass]
Viernes raises his hand and clenches it, checking the dexterity of his new fingers and smiles.
"I can feel it… the power of the emerald flowing across my body like a river. It's marvelous!"
He extends his hand forward and suddenly a golden greatsword appears before him.
[El Dorado] - Rank: A
A golden double edged sword covered in glowing magic runes and has a dragon head
carved into the pommel.
458,988 + STRx5.5 Damage
"He can use [Requip]!?" Natsu yelled.
"No… that was [Alchemy]. But it's unlike any I have seen before." Athena clarifies.
I glare down at Viernes who looks up from below, a smile begins to appear on his face.

*PING!*
"!?" I turn my head only to see Viernes already in front of Natsu with his sword high above
his head, all the while Natsu doesn't seem to be aware of him.
I quickly raised my hand and hit Viernes with a gravity blast, sending him away from Natsu.
Viernes stops the momentum and briefly glances at me. "... not bad."
'How did he get here so close so quickly like that? It wasn't [Time Stop] because I would be
the only one unaffected, and it wasn't [Sonido] or [Flash Step] either.' I thought.
"Huh?" Natsu blinks and looks to the side to see Viernes. "When did he get there?"
"I couldn't sense him, nor did I see him move." Athena comments with worry laced in her
tone.
"It is because I am in a whole different realm than you mortals." Viernes tells them. "This is
the power granted to me by the emerald. I can compress the space between myself and my
enemies, allowing me to appear in the same space as them."
[So that's it. He's using a type of spatial displacement that allows him to appear in an
occupied space. That's why Natsu didn't notice him since he was in his space]
"So…" Viernes spins his sword like a master. "Which one of you should I dispose of first?
The dragon slayer?" He glances at Natsu. "The dud?" He glances at Athena.
"Or YOU!" Viernes takes a step and instantly appears in front of me with his sword ready to
run me through the chest.
I activate my [Silver Rinne-Sharingan] and summon the [Darksaber] and quickly parry the
blade before going on the offensive and unleash a million slashes on the ascended dragon.
Viernes was only able to deflect a few swings before he was ultimately overwhelmed by his
impossible swordsmanship.
My [Blade God] title isn't just for show.
"Sorry, but that trick isn't gonna work on me." I summon the skeletal arm of the [Susanoo] to
grab his right leg and throw Viernes straight to the ground, resulting in a loud and large
explosion leveling the area.
I use Instant Transmission and appear right on top of him and swing my sword down, but the
gold bastard managed to evade at the last second.
"Dammit! How the hell am I losing to this… this thing!?" Viernes cried in frustration.
"It's simple, really." I get into a stance. "Because I'm not holding back."
I slide one foot forward and catapult myself towards him.

"Kaio-ken Times 10!" A crimson red aura bursts from my body, merging with the pinkish
god aura of Rosé giving it a double aura effect.
The moment Viernes saw that aura, he could no longer see his enemy.
There was no time to raise a defense, no time to make distance or even think.
There was only pain.
He felt every part of his body stabbed, sliced, and ripped apart. Unable to do anything, he let
this monster destroy him with ungodly speed that it may as well have happened within less
than a second.
But Viernes felt it like an eternity.
Asmodeus kicks Viernes in the face, sending him tumbling a couple of feet back.
"Im… impossible." Viernes struggles to get up. His body is covered in lethal cuts, missing
limbs, and large quantities of blood.
Normally, this would kill anyone, but dragons are too stubborn to die.
"I… am a god… my power… I cannot-!" He doesn't finish as he vomits more liters of blood.
"I told you. The moment you embraced an impossible concept, you already had one foot in
the grave." I remark as Natsu and Athena descend and land next to me. "I gave you a
warning, and you didn't listen. You became blinded by power, and just like Aldoron before
you, you lost to me. Just when are you morons ever going to learn!?"
"Curse… you…!" Viernes spat, literally spitting blood on my face.
I wipe the blood off my face and take a step back. "Natsu. Finish this insect."
"With pleasure!" Natsu said in excitement, charging up and converging all of his power into a
single point.
"W-Wait!" Viernes tries to plead but is too late.
"[Etherious Dragon King's Hellfire Inferno]!" Natsu unleashes a powerful blast of flames
that completely swallows Viernes.
When the attack ended, there was nothing, nothing but a scorched earth. A scar on the planet
that will never disappear and where life will never thrive again.
The only thing that remained was the Chaos Emerald on the ground, seemingly untouched.
You have defeated Viernes! You have gained 3,095,778 EXP! You have earned 2,344,800
Credits!
Level Up(x28)!

You get [El Dorado]!
Quest Complete!
Fool's Gold
Objective (Complete): Defeat Gold Owl
Bonus Objective (Complete): Defeat Viernes
Rewards: 998,433 EXP, 965,443 Credits, Skills, Items
Level Up(x9)!
[Claws of Hades] - Rank: A
The Claws of Hades were chained weapons formerly utilized by the God of Underworld,
Hades. He has "draped" in them, and they were embodied with his magic Powers.
Using the magic stored within the chains, Hades could pull out the souls of his enemies
and absorb them, making himself more powerful.
With them the user can summon the souls of the enemies he killed. By absorbing
countless souls, the chain's attack power increases as well as speed.
27,886 STR/SPDx3.5 Physical/Dark/Soul damage (x10 with absorbed souls)
[Roar of Time LVL. 1/10]
The signature move of Dialga. The user channels the principle of Time before shooting a
beam of energy from its mouth capable of distorting time. Takes 5 minutes to recharge.
Deals 59,788 Damage (x50 in Dragon Form).
[Spatial Rend LVL. 1/10]
The signature move of Palkia. The user channels the principle of Space before slashes
the fabric of space, resulting in a wave of energy. Takes 5 minutes to recharge.
Deals 62,166 Damage (x50 in Dragon Form)
[Summon: Manticore LVL. 1/10]
You can summon a [Manticores], a powerful fire-breathing monster with a lion-like
face, the jaw of a shark, which can become unhinged, dragon wings, human arms and
torso, a long scorpion tail and scorpion-like plates lining its back. The female
Manticores can spit the eggs and from them hatch a baby Manticores called Manticore
Hatchlings.
The total number that can be summoned is 12 per hour
Cost 5,689 MP to summon

[Max-Level Skill Token](x5)
[Ace of Spades] - Rank: A
Cayde-6's signature weapon. It is a Hunter-specific Hand Cannon that has 12 bullets in
the magazine and is capable of clearing entire rooms of enemies without reloading. It
was part of Cayde-6's last will and testament which you selfishly took from their
rightful owner (you sick bastard. Good job!).
All perks and modifiers are unlocked.
Deals 52,996 Damage. Deals knockback damage with [High-Caliber Rounds] and x12
Damage with [ Memento Mori] and [Firefly]
Bonus Reward: Black-Star Dragon Balls
[Black-Star Dragon Balls] - Rank: ?
The original set of Dragon Balls that were created by the Nameless Namekian centuries
ago before he split into Kami and King Piccolo. Unlike the normal Dragon Balls, these
Dragon Balls are much more powerful, capable of granting wishes that the other set
cannot. When used, they can summon Ultimate Shenron, who can grant any wish,
including killing people, as well as grant two wishes. Also, unlike the regular Dragon
Balls, these ones do not turn to stone, so they can be used immediately.
Unfortunately, to counter such unrestricted powers, these artifacts have a lethal side
effect. After the wish has been granted, the Dragon Balls spread across the universe. If
all seven balls have not been collected and returned to the designated planet on which
the wish was granted, the negative energy caused by using the Black Star Dragon Balls
will cause the host planet to explode in a year's time and must be returned to the
original spot they were used to summon the dragon.
"Sweet." I said as I dismissed my transformation. These will undoubtedly be useful in the
long-run. "Now, to claim the last Chaos Emerald."
I reach down for the gem, only to vanish in a blurr. "The hell!?"
"Sorry, but this emerald-chan here is already spoken for." A new arrogant voice states. "It
will be brought to its rightful owner."
I turn to the source of the voice and see four new people. The first is a tall muscular man with
black hair and tanned skin. He sports a bizarre-looking beard; a chin curtain, with several
lines of facial hair around his mouth shooting upwards in an odd pattern. He wears an ornate
cloak along with a dress shirt and an ascot tied in a full Windsor knot.
The second is a large, burly man with multiple scars across his body and face, strikingly
pointed hair, sharp teeth, and dark indentations around his eyes. His clothing consists of a
coat with a large, shell-like armor completing it with bracelets around his arms.

The third is a slightly short, but incredibly curvaceous young woman with blank pink eyes
and long pink hair that reaches down to the middle of her back which she keeps in a wavy
ponytail, and is accompanied by a dark brown set of earmuffs. Her outfit consists of a red
dress with a golden trim around a deep neckline which is pressed tightly against her GG-cup
breasts with a short skirt and a belt with a yellow ribbon tied around her waist and blackcolored stockings and brown boots.
The fourth and final member is another woman with jet-black hair that she keeps tied into a
long and seemingly sharp ponytail and purple eyes. Her outfit consists of a black mask over
the bottom half of her face, a short jacket, a dark blue shoulder less dress that barely contains
her K-cup breasts, dark blue stockings and a katana with a dragon motif on the pommel.
Name: Ivan Dreyar
Title: Guildmaster of Raven Tail, Father of the Year, Blood Traitor
Affiliation: Fairy Tail (Former), Raven Tail (Former), Grimoire Heart
Level: 215
HP: 505,611
MP: 769,112
SP: 500,045
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Thinks your hair color is stupid, wants you to send a message to
his father and son
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 83/100]
Name: Georg Reizen
Title: Guildmaster of Diavolos, Dragon Eater, Child Eater
Affiliation: Diavolos, Grimoire Heart
Level: 277
HP: 778,421
MP: 998,000
SP: 901,455
AP: 0

Thoughts about you: Senses you're a dragon, wants to fight you and then eat you
Name: Meredy
Title: Witch of Perception and Bonds
Affiliation: Crime Sorcière (Former), Grimoire Heart
Level: 301
HP: 1,122,221
MP: 1,502,121
SP: 1,008,300
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Current Status: Brainwashed
Name: Goryu
Title: Masochistic Shinobi, Pseudo-Uchiha
Affiliation: Tobishiro Clan (Former), Grimoire Heart
Level: 365
HP: 1,609,443
MP: 1,745,901
SP: 1,444,544
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Current Status: Brainwashed
Skill Level Up!
[Observe LVL. 84/100]
"Meredy… so he did get her after all." I said before noticing a glowing pink tattoo on her
wrist. "?"
"Ivan!" Natsu roars at the man, instantly recognizing him. "What the hell are you doing
here!? I thought you were rotting in prison!"

"I would be, but my new friend broke me out. It turns out we have A LOT in common." Ivan
smugly said.
"Give us the emerald right now!" Athena said.
Ivan arrogantly smirks while Goryu holds the emerald in her hand. "I'm afraid I can't do that,
dolly-chan, oh no. Our benefactor made it clear that we need to retrieve this precious gemchan posthaste."
"And then we'll be kings in the new world!" Georg exclaims with a fanged grin.
I stare at the two before uttering one phrase. "... [The World]."
"!?" Ivan looks to see that the emerald has vanished from Goryu's person before looking up to
see that it is now in Asmodeus' hand. "How did you…!?"
"You're clearly just cannon fodder if Rusty didn't even bother to inform you about my
abilities." I throw the gem up and it gets swallowed by a small portal. "Now, I suggest you all
run along before I let my friend here tear you two a new one."
Natsu cracks his knuckles, all the while sporting a bloodthirsty grin on his face.
"Big talk from a dragon! I'll show you both how I earned my title of [Dragon
Eater]!" Georg roars as he exudes his magic power.
"That's enough." The two freeze as they both turn to Meredy, staring at them with
disdain. "This mission is a failure. Return to base."
"What the!? Why does Meredy sound like that prick!?" Natsu yelled.
Athena scans the girl and identifies the spell. "He is using [Sensory Link] to merge the girl's
senses with his own, allowing him to observe and speak from another location."
Huh, I didn't know he could do that.
Rustyrose smirked. "Correct. I suppose it is expected that the Negative Legacy would
have some knowledge on Lost Magic."
I step forward and flash a smile. "What's wrong, Rusty? Still too much of a coward to face
me in person?"
"Oh, don't you worry. Our inevitable meeting will occur sooner than you believe. That I
promise you." Rustyrose ominously said.
My brows furrowed. What does that mean?
[I don't like the sound of that tone]
"Now then, return to base. You two have wasted enough time as is with your
banter." Rustyrose ordered.

"Yeah, yeah." Georg grunted.
"Very well. Goryu-chan, be a dear and get us out of here, will you?" Ivan asks the kunoichi,
who simply nods in confirmation before, to my surprise, her eyes turn into the [Mangekyō
Sharingan], and Obito's design no less!
"Kamui." Goryu declares as swirling spatial distortion manifests from her right eye and
begins to suck everyone around her into it.
Ivan, who was the last to be sucked in, made a sick smirk at us. "Let my old man and Laxuschan know we'll be reuniting REAL soon. And when we do, we at Grimoire Heart will make
sure to teach the ladies of Fairy Tail how to serve REAL men!"
Those were his last words before they all disappeared.
'I didn't like the sound of that.' I turn to Natsu and Athena. "Let's go, you two. We need to get
the others."
"Well, you don't have look too far." I look up to see Mercphobia and Elefseria descending on
the blaster with the two women a little far behind.
Name: Mercphobia
Title: The Water Dragon God, The Scourge in the Water
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods (Former), Guiltina Council
Level: 288
HP: 1,670,985
MP: 611,221
SP: 1,289,074
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Knows you're a dragon, curious about you
Name: Elefseria
Title: World's First Guildmaster, Law Dragon
Affiliation: Magia Dragon
Level: 276
HP: 1,731,288
MP: 1,901,132

SP: 1,666,441
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Knows you're a dragon, weary about you
Name: Ennie Signario
Title: Hell Queen, Red Exorcist
Affiliation: Gold Owl (Former), Fire and Flame
Level: 242
HP: 966,801
MP: 1,001,366
SP: 958,431
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interested
Name: Luso Signario
Title: Dream Weaver, Luso of the Divine Flames
Affiliation: Gold Owl (Former), Fire and Flame
Level: 246
HP: 973,422
MP: 1,011,299
SP: 962,433
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Cute
The four jump off the summon and it disappears along with my clone.
"Old man! And um…" He turns to Mercphobia as he tries to remember his name. "... water
guy!"
Mecphobia sweat drops. "It's Mercphobia, Natsu-san.
"Okay, got it!" Natsu nods.

"When did you guys wake up?" I asked.
Mecphobia looks at me with an analytical gaze. "What is your name?"
"I'm Asmodeus. Nice to meet you." I said with a smile before noticing the way he looks at
me. "Is something wrong?"
"How did you become a Dragon God?" Mercphobia asked, surprising the newcomers.
"A DRAGON GOD!?" Elefseria yelled.
"!?" The Signario sisters were just as shocked.
"He's not the only one. Natsu-san as well." Mercphobia added.
"You're kidding! The pink brat too!?" Elefseria exclaims.
"Hehe." Natsu looks smug. "I'm just that awesome, old man!"
"Still, to think I would see more Dragon Gods is unprecedented considering there are only so
few dragons left." Mercphobia gaze quickly shifts to me. "I suppose you're the cause of his
evolution."
"Well, I can't really take all of the credit. Most of it goes to Aldoron." I told him.
The two dragons arch a brow at the name. "What does the Wood Dragon God have to do with
this? Does it have something to do with those massive power fluxes from almost a month
ago?"
"I'll give you the short version. It all went down like this." I then explained to them the events
that took place in Drasil, the appearance of the Rebellious cult, Aldoron, the Chaos Emerald,
and the dragon's subsequent evolution and later defeat.
After finishing the story, everyone's reactions were varied. Elefseria and Mercphobia grew
pale at the prospect of the other dragons, or anyone from that matter, getting ahold of just one
of the gems.
The Signario sisters smirked. If they got ahold of one of these Chaos Emeralds, then they
would be greatly rewarded by Ignia-sama.
"And all of this from a small rock? Unbelievable." Elefseria breaths out in clear horror.
"Just one of those gems could change them so much." Mercphobia said.
"Yeah. Having an artifact that can turn your thoughts into unlimited power can have that
effect on you." I said.
"And to think, not only Aldoron but even Viernes managed to get their hands on these 'Chaos
Emeralds'." Elefseria said with a shudder, before looking at us again. "You certainly did

Earthland a massive favor in stopping both of them even while they possessed these
Emeralds."
"Speaking of which, how did you guys get captured by Gold Owl?" I asked out of curiosity.
"It was shortly after Aldoron was defeated." Mercphobia began.
Flashback
Mercphobia feels a presence enter and turns and sees Athena standing in the front doors of
the Water Dragon God Palace.
"An Alchemical Doll came in and asked that I come with her to see her master. I refused of
course, but it seems it cannot take no for an answer." Merchphobia said.
The two fought viciously but short as Athena got the upper hand and incapacitated him.
"I didn't stand a chance. The doll's power was beyond mine, even my strength and speed
weren't enough in the end and was knocked out." Merchphobia said.
He opens his eyes and finds himself strapped to a medical table. He tries to break free but is
soon caught off guard by a familiar presence as Duke looks at him with a smile.
"When I woke up, I found myself bound and face-to-face with an elderly man. However, it
didn't take me long to realize his true identity. But by then, it was too late."
The smile turns cruel as Viernes uses [Whiteout] on him, draining him of all his magic and
transferring it to a sealed pod next to him.
"Even though my body was inert, I still retained some awareness. I could sense my magic in
the vessel, trapped, but it wasn't enough; the vessel needed more power."
Flashback ends
"In the end, I could do nothing but be a spectator to Viernes' machinations. Until you
appeared, that is." He bows to me. "I am in your debt, Asmodeus."
+77 Reputation from Mercphobia (77/100)
A smile appears before turning to Elefseria. "And how were you captured?"
"I was lured with a porn mag." Elefseria revealed with the straightest face I've ever seen.
The world seemingly freezes at that moment, silence reigns supreme here.
*CAW! CAW!*
A single crow passes by to break the ice.
"Ehehehe…" Luso nervously chuckles as her left eyebrow twitches.

"Pervert." Emmie glares at the old man.
"…Natsu, in case I forget, remind me to warn all the girls to keep a firm distance from this
old pervert," I told Natsu in a serious tone, before looking back at Elefseria in a stoic look
laced with disappointment. "Word of warning, you try anything perverted around any of my
girls, and there is a good chance they will skin you alive before I do. And they are strong
enough to do so, mark my words."
"Got it." Elefseria said, still maintaining his straight face.
It just annoyed me more.
"Now that the pleasantries are out of the way, there's still one question left to answer." I turn
my gaze to the flinching sisters.
To the sisters, all they see is killing intent in the shape of a man, domination and terror
personified
"What to do with the two of you?" He says in a voice that is low and monstrous.
"Eep!" Luso hugs her sister for dear life.
"Hey now, there's no need for such hostility to these poor and vulnerable maidens." Elefseria
said in a poor attempt at being 'charismatic' towards the sisters, but it was useless since the
truth was obvious and his own blatant admission of how he was captured.
"For the record, I will not help you when the girls kill you gruesomely. You'll have yourself
to blame for when that happens." I warned him. "Besides, these two matter little compared to
Rusty's mad and twisted plans."
A tick mark appears on Ennie's head. "Asshole!"
"Plans? What plans?" Mercphobia couldn't help but ask.
"Rustyrose wants to use the emeralds to trigger a reset on a universal scale in order to reach
Grimoire Heart's dream of the [Ultimate Magic World]. He kidnapped the Moon Dragon
God Selene because he believes her power is necessary to avert the effects on himself." I
explained to him.
The four were shocked by the revelation, but one that seemed to take harder was Elefseria.
"That's madness! The [Ultimate Magic World] is nothing but the ramblings of madmen!"
Elefseria exclaims.
"You seem to be familiar with the subject, Elefseria-sama." Athena points out.
The Law Dragon turns to the android. "And who are you, girl? You are clearly not human."
Athena smiles. "I suppose it is understandable you would not recognize me." She raises her
right hand above her chest. "It is Athena, master."

Elefseria's eyes widened. "Athena!? But… but you look…!?"
"I have my friend Asmodeus to thank for my new upgrade." Athena raises her hands as
power surges through her new gloved fingers. "I feel more alive than ever."
"Athena…" A fatherly smile appears on his wrinkled face. "It's good to see you again."
"And I you, Elefseria-sama." Athena said.
"So," Their gaze shifts back to me. "You were going to tell us about the [Ultimate Magic
World] thing."
"Yes." Elefseria takes a deep breath. "The idea of the [Ultimate Magic World] was born
from the survivors of the inquisitions. It was to be a promised land where mages can live in
peace, where normal humans could never set foot in or locate. Overtime, its believers grew in
number until they became an organization; a cult hellbent on destroying humanity."
I notice the tone he's using. "You seem pretty familiar with this."
Elefseria smirks. "Of course. Magia Dragon was the one who took them down, after all. Well
mine and other fledgling magic guilds."
Natsu turns to Mercphobia. "Did you know about this?"
The disguised water dragon shrugs. "Not really, and back then I didn't care about human
affairs either."
"It seems that some of their teachings managed to survive to the modern day, and now their
misguided legacy is going to destroy us all." Elefseria tightens his grip on his staff. "My
friends died for nothing…"
"Not if we have anything to say about it." The dragon looks at me. "We have Fairy Tail, my
team, and six emeralds plus the Master Emerald under our belt." An aura of power surrounds
me. "We can stop this before it begins."
"But Asmodeus, we do not know where his base is located." Athena points out.
"Then we'll find it, and when we do, we'll throw everything we have at him." I declared.
Everyone nods.
"Are you kidding me!?" Everyone turns to Ennie. "Do you realize how stupid you sound right
now!?"
[Oh right, we forgot about them]
"You ladies seem to be taking what you just heard rather well." I commented.
"We have nothing to fear from a human mage. We are the disciples of Ignia-sama." Luso
revealed.

"Huh." Mercphobia crosses his arms. "I didn't think Ignia would take on human disciples. He
usually burns them to ashes with a goofy grin on his face."
"Ignia is apparently full of surprises," I remarked before looking at them. "But I wouldn't be
so sure of being safe just because you're Ignia's disciples. He's not invincible, considering I
beat him a month ago."
"YOU DID WHAT!? THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!" The two sisters yell at once.
"Well, it was a little more complicated but that's what happened." I added. "I not only beat
him, but fought toe-to-toe with two other dragon gods and succeeded. I got magic training
from the dragon goddess of the moon and stars herself after defeating her guardians." I walk
towards them. "I've fought demons and angels alike, I've gained power the likes of which
your tiny brains couldn't even begin to process. And you say beating a single fire dragon is
impossible?" I lean forward and they flinch as cold silver eyes stare at them. "You have no
idea how much 'impossible' defines my everyday life."
The Signario sisters realized just how fucked they are in this situation. They tried teleporting
with their magic but were shocked to find that nothing happened.
I straighten up. "Your magic is useless against someone who can nullify it. But just to make
sure you don't escape." I snap my fingers.
Black bands appear out of thin air and immediately bind the sisters.
"Don't worry. My prisons are the most comfortable, it'll be like you never left home." I pull
out my Scroll and make the call. "Handles, open a bridge at my location."
A Groundbridge opens between Natsu and Mercphobia, spooking the dragon god with its
sudden appearance.
"I don't sense any magic from the portal." Elefseria comments as Asmodeus walks past him
with the bound sisters floating beside him.
"Woohoo!" Natsu jumps in and disappears.
Mercphobia stares at the vortex before he is suddenly kicked in by Asmodeus, who follows
soon after.
Elefseria sweat drops before feeling something caress his hand.
"Let's go, Elefseria-sama." Athena beckons as she guides him towards the portal and the two
disappear.
The Groundbridge closes, the wind blows silently as the world goes on.
"You failed." Rustyrose growled from his ivory throne. "You know how much I loathe
failure, yes?"

The perspective switches to the kneeling Ivan and Georg, both men sweating profusely as
they dared not to raise their heads.
"I-It wasn't our fault!" Ivan pleaded. "Y-You didn't tell us what kind of power he possessed!
We were unprepared!"
"Hoh?" Rustyrose's tone was like ice but as sharp as a knife. "Are you saying this
is my fault?"
Ivan realizes what he said and vows on all fours. "NO! I didn't mean it like that! Please
forgive me!"
"... I believe you both are long overdue for a medical exam." Rustyrose said.
Both the mages' heads snapped up at hearing those words and looked at their master with
pleading eyes.
"Mercy…" Georg begged. The strongest dragon slayer in all of Guiltina, the proud man who
slayed dragons left and right with a psychotic grim, was beggin for mercy.
"Take them away." Rustyrose ordered.
A pair of armored black claws peal out of the darkness and they grab the two men by their
collars.
"NO, NO PLEASE!" Ivan's begging falls on deaf ears as he and Georg are dragged into the
darkness.
As soon as they are no longer visible, the sounds of their screams can be heard from
seemingly everywhere along with the sounds tearing flesh.
"It's so hard to find good pawns these days. Why you decided to go with their self-entitled
fools is beyond me?" A suave and seductive female voice mockingly remarks. "I do not
understand why you didn't simply let me extract their magic containers and implant them into
mindless drones."
The sound of heels clicking echo as a figure walks out of the shadows. She is a beautiful
woman of curvaceous and slender frame with long white hair which is styled into a pair of
horns kept together by a hair accessory at the base, light blue skin, and purple eyes. The right
side of her hair is longer than the other and hangs in front of her chest. She wears a gold
armband with a green gem hanging in the center as well as a pair of gold earrings with purple
gems. She wears a red and black skin tight bodysuit that has a v shaped hole around her
stomach, and has slits on the bottom half, exposing the bottom of her large I-cup breasts. She
wears a closed black cape that is jagged at the bottom, making it look like she's wearing a
noble but gothic dress and red and black high heels . She carries a brown staff that curbs at
the top with a green orb trapped in the spiral.
"Towa. Is everything ready?" Rusty asked.

Towa's smile is beyond sinister. "Of course. Who do you take me for? In fact, we are ahead of
schedule. The fruits are ready for harvest and our newest dolls are the strongest yet."
"Good. And your other project?" Rusty asked.
"Everything is set. We can begin at any time." Towa said.
Rustyrose rises from his throne. "Then let us begin. I want to surprise our guests with my new
suit when they arrive."
As Rustyrose walks out the throne room, Towa follows suit as her expression turns predatory.
'And soon, that boy's power will be all mine~' She said devilishly.
Machinery whirrs to life as the Groundbridge activates and seven people appear from its
vortex before shutting down.
"Where are we?" Elefseria asks as he and the newcomers look around.
"This is the [Aincrad], my base of operations that my team and I live and operate in, and is
currently housing Fairy Tail as we prepare for the fight against Rustyrose." I explained to the
newcomers.
"It's also a flying ship!" Natsu excitingly adds.
"Ugh!" Elefseria and Mercphobia suddenly turn green and nauseous.
[Oh shit! We forgot about their motion sickness!]
"Hold on, you two." I place my hands on their shoulders and start channeling [Chaos
Energy] into them, causing their nausea to disappear. "There. Now you'll never suffer from
motion sickness again!"
"!?" Needless to say the two dragons are surprised.
"At last, my prayers have been answered!" Elefseria exclaims as he unleashes waterfalls of
tears.
"Yeah, Azzy has been a big help to us ever since we worked together to take out Aldoron!"
Natsu proudly states while wrapping an arm around me.
Elefseria dries his tears. "It's good to hear that you found a good friend, Natsu. It's clear that
your team has come farther than any other in succeeding in the [100-year Quest]." He said,
but soon switches to a more serious tone. "But I'm afraid it's not without consequences."
"Huh? What do you mean?" Natsu asked in confusion.
"You and your team signed a contract when you accepted the quest, remember? And one of
the clauses states that you cannot involve outsiders." Elefseria reminded Natsu, whose

expression now morphed into horror.
"W-Wait, you don't mean-" Natsu stammered in shock.
"I'm afraid I do. Team Natsu has failed the [100-Year Quest]. Sorry." Elefseria announces
before summoning their contracts and promptly burns them to ashes.
"NOOOO!" Natsu screamed. He desperately tries to collect the ashes but it just crumbles the
moment he touches them.
[Oof! Guess we should have seen that coming. Though this is Natsu's fault for not
keeping his mouth shut]
"Now hold on. While it's true that I helped them in defeating the dragons, I did it out of my
own volition. And let me tell you, things got really complicated." I argued. "They were
forced to fight their guild, their own family, after being brainwashed by a [White
Wizard] impersonator who wanted to steal Aldoron's magic and make him her slave, but all
that did was wake the dragon up. So we fought him, but things took a turn when he revealed
that he had a Chaos Emerald and used it on himself to evolve into something else. He became
more powerful, but also more insane. The only reason everyone is alive right now is because
of their teamwork and general stubbornness." I explained. "Not only that, but Viernes had an
emerald and was using it to experiment with other universes. I had to intervene or else things
would have escalated. Natsu was an unexpected tag along for the raid."
"Of that, I do not doubt. The dragon gods have always tried to one-up each other, and just
having one of these emeralds allowed them to make huge leaps in power unlike anything I've
ever seen." Elefseria agrees but narrows his eyes. "However, my decision still stands. I will
not reinstate their contracts."
[Stubborn old man!]
I glance down at a crying Natsu. "What am I gonna do? Erza's gonna kill me for sure…"
[Yeah, that's sounds about right]
"I will congratulate you for defeating three of the Dragon Gods, something that no one has
been able to do since I submitted the quest. Your names will certainly go down in history."
Elefseria assures him.
However, instead of being happy, Elefseria's words simply made Natsu cry harder.
'This is so sad.' I watch in pity as Natsu wallows in misery before an idea crosses my mind.
"I'm… sorry that I cost you and the team your quest." I said, trying to be as sincere as
possible. "I'm sure I can make it up to you guys."
Natsu sobs. "Thanks. But, you can't. It's not possible."
I turn to Elefseria. "How much was the reward for completing the quest?"

"The reward was that the mage would get one wish upon completing the quest." Elefseria
said.
I give the old dragon a skeptic look. "That sounds like a fucking scam if you ask me."
"I have to agree with Asmodeus on this one, Elefseria. Even I think that's shady as hell."
Mercphobia said.
"Hey! Having your deepest wishes granted is the greatest reward of all! (Stupid brats!)"
Elefseria exclaims, whispering the last part to himself.
"Elefseria-sama. Do you truly have the power to grant wishes?" A curious Athena asks.
The Law Dragon stumbles at the question. "U-Uh… w-well, you see… ehehehe…"
[Yeah. Real convincing there pal]
"Well, we can all agree that Elefseria is a sketchy guy who should definitely be on some sex
offender watchlist (E: Hey!), but I have the perfect alternative." I said.
"R-Really?" Natsu says with a hopeful look in his eyes.
"Yeah! Although you're gonna have to wait until this mess is over, I promise that I'll be with
you till the end." I said with a smile on my face.
"Alright!" Natsu jumps with joy.
"But you'll have to tell the others first." Natsu deflates immediately.
"Okay, now that's done." I turn my attention to the Signario sisters. "It's time to put you in
your cells."
"You know we've just been floating here the whole time and you just now acknowledge our
presence." Ennie drily remarks although it's obvious she's very anxious.
"Well, we were clearly in the middle of something important. And why didn't you say
anything?" I asked.
"We didn't wanna be rude. Plus, watching Pinky here is fun." Luso says with a smile.
"... Right." I clap my hands together. "Off we go!" I will the two towards me and grab Luso's
shoulder. "Oh, and I suggest you tell the others as soon as possible Natsu."
"Do I have to?" Natsu whined.
"Would you rather they find out after they finish the quest so they can kill you slowly and
painfully?" I rhetorically ask only for the Salamander to stay silent. "Yeah. Didn't think so.
Just tell them the truth and that I'll give them something for their efforts, and also that
Elefseria will pay for scamming you guys." I glare at said mage. "Right?"

"O-Of course!" Elefseria nervously exclaims.
[Damn, he's really scared]
"Alright, later." I teleport out of the room.
I reappear in front of a door.
"Here we are, you're home away from home." I remark.
"You think these dingy-looking boxes can contain the two of us?" Luso rhetorically asks.
"Yeah-huh." And with a loud "Eep" I throw the two inside.
The sisters look to find a surprisingly furnished room with bunk beds, a TV, a fridge, and a
bathroom.
"What the…?" Ennie was surprised.
"I may be cruel to my enemies, but I'm not heartless." I told them. "Despite working for
Ignia, you two don't rub me off as completely bad people. You both were used and
brainwashed by a being much stronger than you, and I have experience with that affliction.
However, you still work for that lizard bastard willingly, and that isn't something I'm gonna
slide." I said. "You two will remain here until the Rustyrose situation is settled. The last thing
we need right now are a pair of rogue elements causing trouble while the fate of reality is at
stake. Also don't bother using magic to try and escape because if you do, Handles will flood
the room with [Magical Barrier Particles]. Not enough to kill but enough to knock you
out."
"So, that's it? You're gonna keep us prisoners in your own home?" Ennie spat with venom.
"I think I made that very clear back in Fian, yes? But don't worry, I won't deprive you of
basic accommodations so long as you behave. The TV there has about 6,000 pre-recorded
shows and movies that you can watch at your leisure." I explained.
"This won't hold us forever. Ignia-sama will come and rescue us!" Ennie argued.
"Sis…" Luso frowns at her sister's denial.
"You're joking, right?" I look at her like she grew a second head. "That bastard's definitely
written you both off as dead by now since you've been in Gold Owl for who knows how long.
I mean, even your sister sees that." I shrug. "But hey, if that helps you sleep at night then
keep clinging onto that delusion of yours. See how far that gets you."
-23 Affection from Ennie Signario (-23/100)
'Huh. I think that's the first I've ever gotten a negative number from a girl.' I thought.
"Anyways, you two just sit tight in there and get comfortable. If either of you start
misbehaving, I will send someone to reprimand you. And trust me, you don't want to be on

the receiving end of that." I warned before the door closes and makes a noise as the locks are
engaged.
"Well, it seems like I have missed a lot during my wanderings of this place."
I turn to see Kyôka walking towards me. "Where have you been all of this time?"
"I have been exploring every corner of the base, and while I couldn't find any remains of my
old guild, I can say with pride that I am an expert at navigating this place." Kyôka boasted.
"Also, I ran into the Dragon Queen and she gave me a late housewarming gift, which I
enjoyed thoroughly."
[So that's where August ended up. That's what he gets for manipulating Brandi like
that]
"Well, you missed a lot but just know that we're on the cusp of war and we'll need to be
ready." I told her.
"Sounds fun." Kyôka says with a bit of excitement in her tone.
"Also, we have two new guests." I gesture at the door. "If they misbehave, you have my
permission to discipline them in any way you choose. Just don't kill them."
+44 Affection from Kyôka (44/100)
"Wonderful~" Kyôka purrs lewdly at the prospect. "And don't worry. I will make sure they
leave my care in good health."
[Did her switch just flip? Man, demon girls are real degenerates]
I turn around. "Walk with me."
Kyôka obeys and the two walk through the empty hallway.
"Are you adjusting fine to the [Aincrad]?" I asked.
"Yes. And seeing familiar faces also helped the transition." Kyôka smiles lewdly. "It's good to
see Seilah again. We had a lot of time to 'catch up'. Heh."
[Guess that explains why Seilah never joined the threesome with Mirajane and
Brandish or even the recent foursome]
"... can I ask you a personal question?" I suddenly asked.
"Depends on the question itself." Kyôka said.
I think of the best possible way to word my question. "... how does it feel… to come back?"
"You mean returning from death?" Kyôka questioned which earned her a nod from me.
She stops walking and her eyes wander to the white stainless floor, looking puzzled.

Finally, she looks up and there's uncertainty in her eyes. "... it felt numb."
"Numb?"
"That's the best word I can describe it." Kyôka reluctantly admits. "I remember laying on the
floor bleeding out, defeated by Scarlet and that other female swordsman and then… nothing."
She explains. "Next thing I know I'm fighting her again along with two other humans, but
when I saw her face I… I panicked. Her stare sends shivers throughout my body and then all
I see is darkness again."
[She remembers being summoned by Historia of the Dead? I wonder if that's the same
case for Ur]
"And then when I saw the light again, I saw you sitting on your iron throne with a smile on
your face and thought 'is this the God of Death? He is more handsome than I thought'."
Kyôka revealed.
[More handsome than a god, huh? Devil's Charm and Ultimate Adonis really do make
you irresistible to any female with no real effort]
'Are you the devil on my shoulder now? My ego is nowhere near that big.' I thought in
exasperation.
[You're THE Gamer, dumbass. Anything is possible and the system can accomplish or
allow anything to happen so long as you desire it]
"I am truly grateful for the new opportunity in life that you have given me. I understand why
Seilah and the others are so devoted to you, as you truly are a man unlike no other, and I can
proudly say that accepting your second chance at life and swearing loyalty to you was the
best choice I ever made." Kyôka proudly states before a lewd expression appears on her face
and walks towards me with a noticeable sway in her curvy hips before pressing herself
against me. "And I promise I will fulfill any desire you wish for me. And I do
mean anything~"
I stare at the hypnotic sway of her wide child bearing, naked hips and can't help but blush a
bit.
"Right. Thank you." I said.
"I am curious though," My attention focuses back to Kyôka. "Why the sudden interest in my
experience?"
"No reason, just curious that's all." I assured her.
Kyôka doesn't buy it one bit. "Master… Did something happen to you?"
I stand still for a moment before giving her a smile. "Yeah… but I'm okay now!"
"..."

"C'mon. Let's go find the others." I replied before leaving.
'What are you hiding?' The Goddess of the Slave Planet thought before quickly following
after him.
Upon arriving at the main lobby, I was immediately greeted at the sight of a bludgeoned and
beaten Natsu hanging upside down in front of his upset team.
"Of all the stupid stunts you've pulled Natsu, this has got to be the worst one yet!" Erza
yelled, visibly seething in rage.
"Natsu, you dummy! You cost me delicious fish!" Happy yells in cute outrage.
"I could have turned Fairy Tail into a civilized group!" Carla yelled.
"You got us booted out of the quest because you couldn't keep your big fat lizard mouth
shut!" Gray snarled.
"I could have wished to be the richest woman in the world, or pay off my debt, or even get
Aquarius' key! But now that's gone forever!" Lucy sobbed.
"I could have wished for more sex appeal! Now I'm stuck as a runt forever!" Wendy sobs and
punches his face.
[Huh. I'm surprised they didn't just outright kill him]
'It's my fault, though. I cost them the [100-year Quest], so I'll make it right.' I said.
[You really are dead set on doing this, aren't you?]
'Well, you know me. Plus, unlike that scam artist of a dragon, I can grant wishes.' I smirked.
[Correction, your Black-Star Dragon Balls can grant wishes. Speaking of which, we
really need to make time to alter them so that they don't blow up the planet within a
year]
"Asmodeus-sama!" I heard a familiar voice before being glomped on by Brandish, who was
eagerly hugging me in a virtual vice-grip and pressing her body (especially her large boobs)
against me, as she typically did.
"There you are, Azzy! You're not hurt, are you!?" Cana asks with clear worry, as she and the
other girls quickly approach me, followed closely by the Isekajin girls. "Natsu gave us the
basic rundown. You fought the Gold Dragon God and encountered that freak's forces while
claiming the last Chaos Emerald?"
Before I could answer, Elefseria's voice cut me off.
"Asmodeus, you never mentioned that the female company you had was this GORGEOUS!
Look at all of these goddesses and their divine bodies!" Elefseria says in a lecherous tone and

expression being apparent for all to see, drawing looks of disgust from all the females.
"Asmodeus-sama, who is this dirty old man and can I castrate him?" Irene asked while
glaring at the perverted dragon.
"I will join you." Yoko chimed in.
"As will I." Diana cracks her knuckles.
"There's no need for that… yet." I told the girls. "As for your question, his name is Elefseria,
the founder and guildmaster of Magia Dragon, Earthland's first Magic Guild and the guild
that created the [100-year Quest] that Gildarts and Team Natsu undertook. He's also a selftaught [Law Dragon Slayer] who underwent [Dragonification], and is now the Law
Dragon."
Irene's eyes widened by the reveal. She didn't know there was someone else who
underwent [Dragonification] besides herself and Acnologia.
I give the old dragon a deadpanned look. "I'm warning you, you old pervert. These girls are a
LOT stronger than you think and won't hesitate to beat you within an inch of your life if you
continue your perverted antics."
Elefseria glances at the girls and feels the overwhelming power coming from them before
looking back to Asmodeus and nodding.
"Guys, please stop tormenting Natsu." I told them, catching the attention of Team Natsu.
"While Natsu's big mouth may have technically cost you all your reward, the blame
ultimately falls on me for helping you even despite the extreme dangers like the Rebellious
cult or the presence of the Chaos Emeralds! But Natsu and I DID learn that Elefseria was
likely lying about his ability to grant wishes, and that's something I actually CAN do for you
guys!"
"Y-You really can grant wishes?" Wendy asks.
"Well, not me personally, but I do have something that can grant wishes." I clarified.
"Well!? Take it out so we can have our wishes granted!" Gray walks forward before a raised
hand stops him.
"As much as we appreciate the gesture, it would sully our honor as Fairy Tail mages if we
were to accept such a reward." Erza stated, causing her teammates to look at her in horror.
"Our quest has been voided, so we cannot accept it."
"Erza, you can't be serious! This isn't like with Galuna Island! Plus, if what Asmodeus is
saying is true, then Elefseria was probably scamming us from the beginning! Don't we
deserve this after everything we have been through in fighting the 5 Dragon Gods?!" Lucy
pleaded while glaring at Elefseria for his lie.
Before Erza could reply, I cut her off.

"Lucy raises a valid point, Erza. You guys risked your lives taking on the most dangerous
beings in all of Earthland for a reward that was ultimately skeptical at best, and I was the one
who cost you guys your quest. Don't see this as me pitying you, but rather to repay my
friends and for the support Fairy Tail has given me since the defeat of Aldoron." I explained.
"Besides, helping save the universe is definitely a FAR bigger accomplishment than beating
just five dragons." I turn to Mercphobia. "No offense, of course."
"Some taken." Mercphobia tried his best to hide his scowl, but failed.
"Point is, you guys deserve compensation for putting your lives constantly on the line." I add.
"That's nice of you to say, but-" Erza was about to say before a hand covers her mouth.
"Just take it, Erza. You're making my hubby look bad." Mira told her.
"HUBBY!?" Team Natsu exclaims.
"Yup!" Mira chirps as she hugs my right arm. "We got married two days ago!"
"Same here!" Brandish hugs my left arm.
"We're all pretty much married to the guy." Ur smirks.
*THUD!*
Gray fainted.
"Gray-san!" Wendy checks on the downed Ice Mage.
*SMASH!*
Everyone turns to the smashed wall and sees Juvia walking in.
"My Juvia-sense is tingling! Gray-sama is in trouble!" She then spots her target on the
ground. "GRAY-SAMA!"
She rushes towards Gray at lightning-fast speeds, knocking everyone in her way.
She pulls him up to meet her gaze. "Don't die on Juvia, Gray-sama!" She then plants his head
into her bosom, causing Gray to snap out of his daze and frantically wail around due to the
lack of oxygen.
"You're killing him, Juvia!" Lucy yells at the water girl.
Juvia blinks and pulls Gray out of her bosom to find his face blue from asphyxiation.
"Hehehe… sorry." Juvia sheepishly said.
Lisanna's cute head pops out of the hole. "Geez, Juvia, we know you love him, but this is a
bit much even by your standards." She scolded her. "You do know this is Asmodeus-san's
place, correct?"

"It's fine. I'm starting to get used to you guys smashing my stuff." I remarked.
Juvia quickly gets on all fours and bows. "Please forgive Juvia, Asmodeus-san!"
Not long after, the other members of Fairy Tail begin to walk through the hole.
Except Laxus, who uses the door like a NORMAL person.
I told everyone what happened and they didn't seem that surprised that Juvia did that. But
then I told everyone that I married Mira, Cana, and the rest of the girls and THAT got
everyone's immediate attention.
Everyone reacted to the news differently, the majority of which were shocked.
Lisanna and Elfman cried at the fact that their big sister finally got hitched. Lisanna honestly
thought she would get together with Laxus, but she bluntly shut that idea down.
Gildarts tried to murder me, but he was quickly apprehended and tossed out of the room by
Cana.
The girls were excited and already started making wedding plans. Kinana then started to
think about Erik and wondered if they should have their wedding soon.
The majority of the men gave me heated glares of jealousy and hatred. I think I heard some of
them whisper of murdering me in my sleep.
Ha! Good luck with that!
The next surprise was the introduction of Mechphobia and Elefseria, the Water Dragon God
and Law Dragon as well as the one behind the [100-Year Quest].
"Are you really real-life dragons!?" Laki asks.
"Yes, we are." Mechphobia nods. 'She reminds me of Karameel.'
Elefseria was crying crocodile tears as he heard about the marriage.
"That upstart bastard! How did he manage to get engaged to such goddesses!?" He bites on a
handkerchief he pulled from nowhere. "Curse him! I will curse him for eternity!"
However, he was quickly beaten up and subdued by the girls for badmouthing him.
[Ha! That's what you get for badmouthing a shounen protagonist!]
'I don't think he minds, though.' I deadpan as I stare at Elefseria's smiling face.
[Gross]
Irene wasn't done with him though, constantly stepping on him and berating him for tricking
Erza and the others to go on a clear death trap. But when she realized this was the dragon's
kink, she quickly moved away from him with disgust.

'It is one thing if a hot girl is a masochist, but it's another thing if it's a shameless old man
with no self-restraint, especially in public.' I noted.
[Again, Gross]
"So, long story short." I began, catching everyone's attention. "We rescued Mercphobia and
Elefseria when we went to confront the Alchemist Guild, Gold Owl, the very same Guild that
launched that attack yesterday with those drones. We discovered that Gold Owl was under the
control of the Gold Dragon God, Viernes, who also had the 7th Chaos Emerald. Thankfully,
even with the massive boost in power Viernes got from it, the three of us were ultimately able
to beat him with far less trouble than Aldoron." I explained. "However, shortly after, we were
intercepted by a group sent by our resident psycho dark mage who were trying to steal the
emerald, but thankfully they were unsuccessful."
"Who were the ones sent by that bastard?" Ur asked with venom clear in her voice.
"It was a team of four. One was a kunoichi named Goryu, a dragon slayer named Georg
Reizen, the former master of Raven Tail Ivan Dreyar, and finally Crime Sorcière's Meredy." I
list down, causing a variety of reactions from the guild.
Team Natsu thought that this Georg may be affiliated with the dragon eater guild Diavolos
since he was a dragon slayer. Did this mean the guild allied themselves with Rustyrose? Sure,
they didn't like them considering their past encounters, but they thought they had more
dignity than that.
Jellal was nearly throbbing at the mouth at the image of Meredy in the hands of that
disgusting bastard, mentally wishing he had killed the bastard when they last met.
Makarov and Laxus were surprised by the uttering of Ivan's name, but their surprise instantly
turns into anger as Asmodeus tells them Ivan's parting words which almost sends them over
the limit.
The rest of Fairy Tail were outraged at the declaration, their anger so palpable that it raised
the temperature of the entire room by a few degrees.
Yuko, Yoko, and Konomi were shocked that Goryu was there for different reasons.
Yoko felt remorseful for Goryu. Despite not being all that close, they had a mutual respect for
one another. They also had an intense hatred for the Tobishiro Clan both for the fact that they
took whatever happiness they had and because of their machinations. And although she knew
that the kunoichi was an all around sadist and masochist, she knew that if Goryu wanted to,
she would have killed every single member of that disgusting family and Yoko would happily
join her.
Yuko had run into the ninja a few times before, and how close to death she was during said
encounters. And despite everything she's done, she didn't think Goryu deserved to be some
pervert's twisted experiment/sex toy.

Konomi was at a loss. She felt fear and started to hyperventilate when she heard that name,
but didn't understand why.
"Hey." A voice called out and she turns to see Chun-Li. "Are you alright? You suddenly
turned pale."
"I-I'm fine, senpai." Konomi assured her.
"You don't seem fine, Konomi-san." Shizuka pointed out in a concerned tone as she placed a
hand on Konomi's shoulder, her training and education as a nurse causing her to notice the
shift in Konomi's behavior, with Yuko and Chisato also noticing and approaching her. "You
seemed on the verge of a panic attack when you heard the name. You know this person, don't
know, and possibly not in a good way? We are here for you, no matter what."
"Thanks girls…" Konomi said.
"What did you say?!" A voice called out, getting everyone's attention. At the hole in the wall
was an awakened and recovered Ultear Milkovich, followed closely by Dimaria, Layla,
Anna, Android 18, and a human Android 21.
They had all fully recovered and awakened from their brainwashing and were confirmed by
Lamy to not suffer any permanent negative consequences from the modifications they were
forced to endure at Rustyrose's hands.
They came when they heard of the return of their savior, Asmodeus, and Ultear was feeling
shocked, horrified, and PISSED at what she heard. "RUSTYROSE HAS WHO?!"
"Meredy, yes." I confirmed in a sympathetic tone. "Also, how are you feeling?"
"I'm fine, but that's beside the point!" Ultear snapped. "It's already bad enough that he did all
sorts of horrible things to us, but he had the nerve to kidnap Meredy and used her to do who
knows what! This will not stand!"
An aura of power begins to envelop Ultear as her emotions run wild as the image of her
foster daughter screaming in pain as she is operated on plays in her mind.
Ur immediately runs to her daughter's side and wraps herself in an embrace to console her
daughter.
Ultear's aura regresses as she returns the embrace followed by loud sobs.
"It's okay, Ultear. We'll get her back and make that asshole pay." Ur tells her crying daughter
in a soothing tone.
Dimaria spots Natsu hanging upside down on the ceiling and quickly hides behind Brandish.
18 looks around the lobby. "So these are the strongest mages around, huh? I'm not
impressed."
"18, don't be so rude!" 21 scolds her.

"What? I'm just sayin' that if these guys fought Goku, they would all end up as large stains on
the floor." 18 states.
"You shouldn't be so quick to underestimate them. Fairy Tail has a reputation of defying the
odds and overcoming whatever challenges come their way, 18." I told her.
"You know who I am?" Android 18 asks in surprise.
"I'm a traveler of the multiverse, and I have heard countless stories and acquired a
comprehensive knowledge of certain universes and individuals. The stories of the adventures
of Son Goku and the various adversaries he faced along the way, including the Androids
created by Dr. Gero like yourself, are among my personal favorites." I said with a charming
smile, causing her to blush before looking at me with a heavily lustful expression, practically
eye-fucking me for anyone to see.
[Geez, that didn't take long. I guess this means Rusty took her before she developed
feelings for Krillin. Can't say I feel bad for the monk since he's, well, dead and all]
"Well, my name is Android 21, or just 21 for short." The New-Type Android then bows to
me. "I am thankful to you for not only saving all of us from Rustyrose's clutches, but for
fixing my prior instability. I am eternally thankful to you, Asmodeus-san."
+72 affection from Android 21 (72/100)
"My name's Android 18, or Super 18 now I guess." 18 says while looking away from me,
though a blush was apparent on her face.
+56 Affection from Super Android 18 (56/100)
[Wow, another tsundere in the harem. Hope this doesn't become a trend]
"Nice to meet you, ladies." I nod.
"By the way, is it true you made Cell your slave? That must be driving him crazy." 18 says
with a laugh.
"Oh it is, but I think he's starting to get used to his new role." I said.
18 huffs. "Well, I hope that parasite chokes on it. Being a slave is the least of what he
deserves."
[I'm surprised she didn't go after him and instead came here to meet you]
Dimaria's head slowly pokes out of Brandish's shoulder. "I-I'm Dimaria Yasta. T-Thank you
for saving me."
+60 Affection from Dimaria Yasta (60/100)
[It seems you'll have to try harder to break Dimaria's shell. She doesn't seem to trust
men]

Layla bows in curtsy. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Asmodeus-kun. My name is Layla
Heartfilia, and my daughter Lucy informed me how you were the one to save us. Though she
left out how incredibly handsome you are, fufufu~" Layla giggled before winking at me and
was blatantly ogling me with absolutely no shame. "I look forward to properly thanking you
at the next available opportunity~"
"M-MOTHER!" Lucy stammered in embarrassment, her face tomato-red.
"It's nice to finally meet you. I can see where Lucy gets her beautiful looks from." I said with
a smirk.
"Ara, such a charmer. Ladies must be coming at you in waves~" Layla teased.
[Well, she's not wrong about that]
"Still, I hope that you are a better man than my former husband. I would have beat him
repeatedly for what he put my Lucy through." Layla remarks.
"Don't worry. Unlike him, I treat my girls like the affectionate goddesses they are." I said.
"Well, I hope you have room for one more then." Layla smirked.
"There's always room for more, my dear. I want to have a big family someday, after all." I
bluntly admit with a smile.
"Oh my." Layla was a bit taken aback by his blunt comment and blushes.
+77 Affection from Layla Heartfilia (77/100)
"STOP FLIRTING WITH MY MOM!" An angry Lucy screams out.
"Now, now Lucy, there's no need to be such a prune. Let your mother flirt some more~" Anna
said
"But Grandma!" Lucy pouts.
Anna giggles as she looks at me with a mix of genuine gratefulness and a bit of arousal. "I am
Anna Heartfilia, and I thank you for saving us from that horrible monster." She then looks me
in the eyes. "I know it may sound ridiculous, but could you let me fight Rustyrose?"
I arch an eyebrow at the odd request. "Any particular reason?" I ask just as an aura of malice
begins to erupt from her body.
"He destroyed everything I had! He took the source of happiness I had in this era!" He
clenches her fists with vigor. "I will not rest until I see that monster PAY for what he has
done!"
[Wait a minute. Didn't Rusty say that he took Anna while she was vulnerable in
teaching her class of young children? Damn! And here I thought he couldn't get any
lower]

I narrow my eyes as I draw the image in my head. He's willing to kill children just to get to
her!? That's just sick.
"I may just honor your request, Anna." I said. "And I promise, once I train you, you'll be
unstoppable."
Anna's eyes widened before giving me a heartfelt smile. "Thank you so much."
+77 Affection from Anna Heartfilia (77/100)
"Um…" I turn to a slightly recovered Ultear. "My name's Ultear Milkovich. Thank you for
reuniting me with my mother."
"It was no problem." I told her, only for her to suddenly get down on all fours and bows.
[What the?]
"PLEASE save Meredy, Asmodeus-sama! You can do whatever you want with me, but please
save my daughter!" Ultear exclaims just as she is pulled up by her mother, her eyes red from
crying.
"Hey, hey. There's no need for that." I kneel in front of Ultear. "I have every intention of
rescuing all of Rusty's victims, including Meredy." I wipe the tear tracks off her face. "So no
more tears please, they don't suit your beautiful face."
Ultear begins to cry harder and proceeds to wrap in a powerful embrace.
+59 Affection from Ultear Milkovich (59/100)
"Master, who is this Meredy they are talking about?" Lady Avalon asks out of curiosity.
I stand up and Ur takes her daughter away. "Meredy is a former member of Grimoire Heart.
She, Ultear, and Rustyrose were members of the guild." I began. "After the guild disbanded,
she and Ultear had a change of heart and established the Independent Guilds Crime Sorcière
alongside Jellal as a means of atoning for their past mistakes. She and Ultear had a
particularly close relationship since Ultear practically raised Meredy as her foster daughter." I
explained, drawing looks of understanding and sympathy from all the girls.
Yoko was more interested in their guild. An organization made up of criminals who wanted
to atone for their past. She would gladly join their group if it meant fixing her relationship
with Yuko, but she knew that would take a long time. Plus, could she even call herself family
with all the blood on her hands? Would they even accept a cold-blooded killer with a body
count in the thousands?
"From the looks of things, it seems Ivan and Georg joined forces with Grimoire Heart since
their minds were mostly intact." I said, making an emphasis on the word "mostly". "I don't
know what sort of modifications he did on Meredy, but it seems he gave Goryu the ability to
manipulate space and transfer herself and others to other locations with her right eye." I turn
on my [Silver Rinne-Sharingan]. "My eyes have the same ability, which means her left eye

can use a long ranged version that allows her to essentially create a border in space that traps
the target and pulls them into their pocket dimension."
[Hm. Maybe we should check our own Kamui dimension some time]
"How do you avoid something like that?" Evergreen asks.
"There are two ways to avoid or counter it." I began. "One way is that you'd have to move
really, really fast so that the eyes can't track you. Another way to effectively counter it is
using spatial magic or space-time manipulation. " I raise my hand over one of my eyes.
"Since my eyes possess the same power as hers, I can easily disrupt or negate her ability."
"So, we may need Minerva to fight this Goryu. Her [Territory] allows her to manipulate an
area of space." Erza said.
"Brandish should be able to use [Territory] as well. She has August's [Copy] magic along
with all of his knowledge." I also point out.
"That's right! Asmodeus-sama gave me all of the Wizard King's memories!" Brandish
reveals.
Cana gives the greene a funny look. "When did that happen?"
"Oh, it was after Asmodeus-sama saved me from a life of self-loathing and hatred." Pink
hearts float above Brandish's head and starts squealing like a schoolgirl. "It was so romantic!"
Cana sweat drops at the girl's antics.
"Not gonna lie. This is starting to look like the Alvarez War all over again." Max comments.
"Yeah. We're not even sure how many fighters he has in his guild." Vijeeter adds.
Gajeel scoffs. "You morons. Why do you think we've been training all of this time?"
"Yeah. YOU guys have been training in that hypersonic place or whatever you call it.
Frankly, I don't see the difference." Reedus said.
Gajeel smirks as he cracks his knuckles. "Want to see a demonstration?"
"Enough." Everyone glances at Makarov. "Now isn't the time to fight amongst each other. We
have three more days before the big fight. I suggest we use our time wisely."
"He's right. Besides, you guys need more training." I add.
"Wait, seriously? We spent a year in there training and now you want us to go back?" A
skeptic Mest said.
"What? Did you think you were going to master Ki in a year? That's not how this works. Just
like with magic, it takes years to master. You guys have barely scratched the surface with
your new powers." I said with a light chuckle.

"I… guess you're right." Jellal reluctantly admits.
"Besides, do you all REALLY wanna take any chances with the stakes being so high?
Rustyrose and his stupid guild is putting not just your world but your entire UNIVERSE at
stake, and that's without even considering the fact that he plans to do the same to OTHER
Universes across the Multiverse! You think the likes of Acnologia and Zeref or even the
dragon gods can top that!?" I yelled. "And if we fail, it means either slavery or death for all of
us in Rustyrose's twisted new reality, with all the women becoming his obedient sex dolls. Do
you REALLY want to risk it all?"
"N-N-NO!" Reedus yelled.
"Then stop whining! It hasn't saved anyone before and it won't save anyone now!" I breathe
out.
"AYE SIR!" The men straighten themselves and salute.
The women, meanwhile, all have determined looks on their faces, ready to endure whatever
grueling training Asmodeus has cooked up just to give them a fighting chance.
"That's what I like to hear! NOW MARCH MAGGOTS!" I yell and everyone leaves the
lobby.
"That includes you THREE as well!" I yelled, causing Makarov, Macao, and Wakaba to jolt
as they were seen sliding in the opposite direction. "And don't you dare use your old people's
excuse. Unless you wanna die."
"You're gonna kill us faster with that training regime of yours!" Wakaba argues.
"Eh, true. But hey, if you do die, I'll just bring you back to life." I said with an innocent smile.
"Y-You're a devil!" Makarov said as he sweats profusely.
"I mean, duh! But I'm one hell of a devil! How do you think I hooked up with so many
girls?" I rhetorically ask. "Now march."
The three old men slouch forward in defeat, a dark raining cloud hanging above them as they
slide towards the hole.
"Handles. Tell the others to meet at the Hyperbolic Time Chamber. This is a group activity
after all." I said.
"UNDERSTOOD." The AI acknowledges.
I take a deep breath before turning to Irene. "Say, I haven't seen August since I left him with
you." I furrow my eyebrows. "He's not dead, is he?"
"Oh goodness no!" Irene lets out a dark chuckle. "He knows that if I wanted him dead, he
would be."

"Dare I ask where he is?" I inquired. "I know you gave him to Kyôka. So did you throw him
out or is he around somewhere?"
"He's around, but I don't know where he is." Irene clicks her tongue in annoyance. "That runt
has always managed to evade my vision, and has gotten cockier the older and knowledgeable
he got."
"I see." I hummed. "Handles, tell August that I expect him in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber
to train with the others," I call out to the AI. "Tell him his MASTER is ORDERING him to
participate, and that if he doesn't show up, he WILL be severely punished."
"YES SIR." The AI replied.
[How do you think Brandi will react when she sees him?]
'Likely hurt and angry. She'll likely want a pound of flesh. As long as it helps her move
forward.' A dark smirk appears on my face. 'And hey, if he does die, I'll just bring him back
so Brandi can kill him again.'
[You are being oddly cruel today]
'He hurt my Brandi. Anyone who hurts my girls WILL be shown no mercy.' I declared.
"Well, time to go." I extend my hand to Irene. "Coming, my queen?"
Irene smiles and takes my hand and the two of us leave the lobby.
At an unknown lab
Towa stands before two large glass tubes, with the right one glowing green and the other
glowing blue.
"They are almost complete. I just need to inject them with more power. But just a single
emerald is not enough." Towa ponders for a minute. "But how do I get the rest without letting
Rustyrose know?"
She then turns to the image of Earthland on her screen and a cruel smile appears on her face.
"Yes. That can work. Hehehehe." Towa lets out a dark chuckle. "That snot-nosed brat may be
an even better pawn than I anticipated."
She laughs as she quickly puts her plan into action.
The view switches to the two energy tubes, where two silhouettes can be seen floating in a
fetal position.
Author Notes
And that ends this chapter. One (probably two or three) more chapters remain.

Hope you all look forward to them.
If you hate it, I don't care. That's not gonna stop me from writing these.
The website doesn't accept the infinity symbol anymore.
Peace~

Chapter 28: Fairy Tail: Knowing Yourself
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime.
Hyperbolic Time Chamber
The sounds of battle cries and energy whirling to life litter the pocket dimension as the fairies
are gruel training to master [Ki] and [Aura] while being supervised by a dozen of Asmodeus'
clones.
"I don't get it! Why can't I get this Semblance thing to work!?" Max yells in frustration.
"You can't force a Semblance to manifest, it has to come naturally and the best way to do that
is through training." One of the clones told him.
"But it's been ONE YEAR, Asmodeus! Natsu, Gray, Erza, unlocked theirs the same day you
unlocked theirs [Auras]!" Max said.
"Sometimes it takes decades for someone to unlock their Semblance, sometimes it happens as
soon as your [Aura's] unlocked, and sometimes you don't get one at all. Besides, you made a
lot of progress with your [Ki] so there's nothing to feel insecure about." He said.
"I'm not feeling insecure, just left out." Max admits.
"You'll be fine. Now, I wanna see you fuse your [Ki] with your Magic Power." The clone
said.
Max nods and powers up merging his [Ki] with his Magic Power, enhancing his strength far
past a normal human.
The perspective then switches to a close-up of swords clashing their wielders' faces lean
closer each wearing smiles.

"Your reaction time has increased. I may actually have to step it up a little." The clone quips.
"By all means go ahead. I wanna see how far I can go." Erza says truthfully.
The clone's grin grows and jumps back. "You asked for it." His body starts to flicker before
encircling Erza in a ring of afterimages.
The knight is able to deflect various strikes coming from everywhere very well, however, she
notices that he has picked up speeds and strikes are becoming too fast for her eyes to track
and as a result multiple cuts start appearing on armor.
"You're wide open, Erza." The clone appears in front of her and delivers an uppercut sending
her upwards before grabbing her leg and slamming her body on the floor.
Erza slowly gets up and turns to her clone. "That… was cheating."
The clone smirks. "All is fair in love and war, red. Your enemies won't hesitate to pull a fast
one on you, so you gotta make sure you're one step ahead." He extends his arm and helps
Erza up.
Meanwhile, in the far reaches of the pocket dimension, the original Asmodeus is meditating
as he is covered in an aura of power.
[It's been one year already and they've already made a lot of progress]
I open my eyes to reveal the [Silver Rinne-Sharingan]. "Yeah, the clones are putting them
through the ringer but they are keeping up just fine."
I was able to watch the fairies' progress thanks to clones' [Silver Rinne-Sharingan].
While Macao, Wakaba, and Makarov took longer to keep up with the training due to their
advanced age, with the former two actually dying from an imbalance when they projected ki
blasts in their hands and subsequently exploding in their faces. Luckily for them, I was there
to put them back together.
Though Makarov's progress took me by surprise.
He managed to channel his [Ki] to achieve a Max Power form like Master Roshi, boosting
his magic and ki 100,000th fold, but he couldn't keep the form for less than five minutes.
Seeing an opportunity, I ordered the clone to teach Makarov all of Master Roshi's techniques,
including his Evil Containment Wave and the ability to fly (even though Roshi never used
this once in the anime, it is stated that he knows how but simply refuses to do so).
[Makarov's already a super strong fighter, and an old pervert. Now all that he needs is a
pair of sunglasses to complete the ensemble]
Hehehe, yeah.

Anna and Layla have made considerable progress in mastering their magic. Not only that, but
they have even managed to transform into their respective dragon god forms!
Ultear and Dimaria had gotten a better hang of their boosted magic. Turns out Rusty tweaked
Ultear's Second Origin to generate more power, making her [Arc of Time] more powerful
and its effects more potent, specifically the [Last Ages].
The [Last Ages] is a forbidden spell of the [Arc of Time]. It rewinds time for the entire
planet at the cost of the caster's own time, resulting in their bodies being rapidly aged while
also trapping them outside of time.
In exchange for controlling the flow of time, her timeline was ejected in order to prevent a
paradox loop. She was essentially cast out of the natural order, her body still existing but
could not die because she is a "fact", a fixed point that can't be altered or undone. And while
she had lost her magic, she gained the ability to appear freely where time is distorted or
doesn't exist.
Sounds complicated? Well, that's physics and String Theory for you.
As far as Ultear knew, there was no escaping such a fate, but Rustyrose found a way because
of course he did.
The Chaos Emeralds function outside the laws of physics (among other things in general like
logic and common sense), so finding a way to reverse [Lost Ages] and return her to the prime
of her youth is totally possible.
We found that the Lacrima inside of Dimaria is for [Time God Slayer Magic, a super rare
Lacrima that doesn't exist in Earthland.
At least, not in this timeline.
As the name suggests, [Time God Slayer Magic] allows the user to have power over time as
well as "eat" time itself. Rusty must have figured that implanting the Lacrima would give
Dimaria complete control over time since she has the soul of Chronos inside her as a [Take
Over] but likely never tested it, or rather couldn't risk being affected by the time
manipulation.
I believe Rusty wanted to pair Ultear with Dimaria, with Ultear supplying Dimaria with time
to consume making her a battery.
[Rusty created a deadly duo who has control over one of the very foundations of the
universe. Too bad their ours now~]
The clone didn't have much to do with 18 and 21. The two sucked up information like a
sponge, mastering magic was instantaneous. I gotta thank Gero for making the girls so
incredibly smart.
Levy, unfortunately, couldn't use the chamber because of the baby, but before we entered I
gave her a copy of my [Dark Wisdom] perk and conjured a clone so that he can teach

her [Alchemy].
Levy was ecstatic, and quickly dragged the clone somewhere else, not caring about the time
differential between the chamber and this dimension.
I taught Mira and others how to control their chaos powers more effectively. To be more
precise, I taught them how to sense, harness, and siphon [Chaos Energy] from objects and
living things but warned them not to use it on any of the emeralds since that much energy
would kill them.
The Etherious also became much stronger with Larcade finally awakening his [Curse] which
has the same ability as the [Love Commandment] from the Seven Deadly Sins, which
basically weakens anyone who feels hatred towards Larcade. I also taught him all of Tien
Shinhan's techniques and he gained a power-up ability similar to the Kaio-ken.
Torafuzar gained the ability to turn his dark water into solid and air forms, as well as turn
anyone who inhales it or gets cut an extension of his [Curse] allowing to control them or
attack them from the inside. He can also make objects he touches part of his [Curse] as well.
Tempester's [Calamity] can now extend to larger areas, possibly towns and even larger
portions of land.
[I'm surprised he didn't try to kill you. Maybe he finally learned his lesson]
I see Irene teaching Seilah and Kyôka [Enchantment] magic, which kind of took me by
surprise. I guess she wanted to see how compatible her magic is to their unique [Curses].
Lamy has become quite the sharpshooter, both with [Ki] and with actual guns, and when you
combine that with her [Slippery Curse], she is nearly impossible to stop or catch.
[She's becoming more like Alucard by the day, minus the arrogance and infinite lives.
Also she's cute and smart, so even if she had those traits, you probably still do her]
Ignoring that comment, let's move on.
The clone taught Bloodman Frieza's move set and he enjoyed it, even commenting that this
power is "worthy of a demon" which isn't wrong.
I had a clone unlock August's [Aura] but he refused to be trained.
During the first week, I had decided to administer August's punishment, but I decided that
Brandish should do it instead.
"August-sama…" Brandish whispered.
"Brandish." August said.
The two said nothing afterwards, merely staring at each other in silence.

"... why?" Her question was barely a whisper. "You taught me so much. I looked up to you,
adored you like a grandfather, I rose up the ranks and became a Shield because of you."
"I know." August admits.
"Then why? Why betray me after all of these years?" Tears start to roll off Brandish's face.
"Was everything all a lie?"
"We of the Spriggan 12 are nothing but cogs in the empire's machine. Soldiers ready to die
for his majesty." August states.
At that Brandish snaps and summons her Semblance, her energy chains wrapping around the
old wizard's body and negating his power.
"That's not what I asked and you know it!" Brandish bites back a growl.
"I know. The reason is simply because I did not know love, specifically love that is born from
familial ties. Back then, I only acted like that person you looked up to so that you could be
controlled into achieving his majesty's goals." August looks down, his bangs hiding his face.
"But now… such a thing no longer matters."
Brandish narrows her eyes. "So, you're not even going to apologize?"
"What would be the point? Apologizing now would not undo the deception and manipulation,
and you have clearly long since lost your faith in me." August points out.
"You're right about one thing, I did lose my faith in you. And right now, I would love nothing
more than to make you disappear." Brandish dries her tears. "The only reason you're still
alive is because you're Asmodeus-sama's slave, but that doesn't mean I will EVER forgive
you or see you the same way again."
Brandish dismisses her chains and walks off, letting the old man fall to the hard floor with a
loud thud. She then approached me and embraced me in a hug, though it was a gentle one
compared to the normally strong vice-like hugs she typically gives me, which I reciprocated
and gently rubbed her back in a comforting and reassuring manner.
Everyone else glares at the Wizard King before moving on, leaving the old man alone.
I sensed not long after that August left the room, but I didn't chastise him for it, he likely
needs time alone to self reflect.
The next week while training, something unexpected happened with Fairy Tail's dragon
slayers.
They all turned into dragons.
Gajeel turned into a large gunmetal gray dragon with a smooth helmet-like head.
Natsu was a dark crimson dragon with two golden horns and six wings.

Laxus turned into a large yellow serpent-like dragon with a horn right in the middle of his
forehead.
Wendy became a cute white-feathered dragon that was smaller than the other three, but is just
as powerful.
She hated this with a passion, of course, and wouldn't stop crying about it.
Everyone was surprised by their transformations, especially given that Laxus is a 2ndgeneration Dragon Slayer who got his powers from a Dragon Lacrima instead of being taught
by one.
The 1st generation dragon slayers were surprised too, since thanks to their dragon parents
their [Dragonization] should have been halted.
Irene and I theorized that it may be because they have been pushing their magic to its limits,
that and in combination with their ki training, the strain they put their bodies through likely
forced the seeds to become active again and accelerate their transformations.
Laxus' case was a little odd though. Apparently his [Ki] caused the Dragon Lacrima inside
him to mutate, merging with his human heart and evolving into a true dragon's heart.
2nd-Gen Dragon Slayers are considered the "safest" version mainly because when dragon
hearts are processed into Dragon Lacrimas, the [Dragon Slayer Magic] is ultimately
contained within the Dragon Lacrima in a way that prevents it from altering the person it's
implanted within.
Gajeel was ecstatic by all the power his new form gave him, but then Irene started to list
down all of the drawbacks, including not being able to taste or sleep, that they will feel
constant physical pain and won't be able to return to their human forms for sometime. The
only upside to it all is the aforementioned power boost and longevity.
The new dragons, of course, despaired over the fact they couldn't taste their favorite foods or
even sleep while Wendy cried over the fact that she and the others will outlive everyone.
I reassured everyone that this wouldn't be a problem. Using the three Chaos Emeralds I had, I
used their power to enhance their physiology to ensure they wouldn't have issues with tasting,
sleeping, or physical discomfort. I was also able to return them all to their human forms,
which they were instantly thankful for.
I couldn't do anything about their longevity, however, since dragons stop aging after reaching
their physical prime and can live almost forever unless they are killed, and I couldn't risk
altering them further without putting their lives on the line. I thought about
using [Separation Enchantment] but Irene shut the idea down, recounting how she tried
using the enchantment on herself but didn't work and resulted in a lot of pain. And
completely reversing the [Dragonization] with the Chaos Emeralds was out of the question
too, since it would heavily weaken them in the process and would ultimately only be a
temporary fix since they would need to stop using [Dragon Slayer Magic] altogether to
ensure it wouldn't happen again in the future, which was a non-starter for obvious and

personal reasons, not to mention their [Ki] reserves were now too large and potent for it to
not affect the usage of their magic and by extension their bodies.
It was hard for them to come to terms with their newfound immortality. Gajeel was going to
be a father soon, now he'll have to watch both Levy and his child grow old and die without
him.
Laxus tried to look tough, saying that death was just another part of living, but Irene, myself
and everyone else can tell that he was just as devastated.
Natsu didn't know what to think. Part of him knew that he would outlive them given his
Etherious nature, but he didn't like to think about it.
I saw him looking at Lucy with longing in his eyes, and it hurt to see him like that, knowing
full well that he will outlive her.
Wendy just couldn't stop crying. She already had to say goodbye to one family in Cait
Shelter, now she'll have to watch as she loses another one.
I didn't know what to say, couldn't really think of anything. I tried and tried, but it all came up
blank.
Until someone unexpected finally broke the ice.
"Listen everyone," Everyone turns to Elefseria. "I understand this prospect may be difficult
and even heartbreaking to an extent, but even with these new circumstances, that doesn't
undermine the value and significance of the bonds you cherish with your friends and family."
He states. "When I realized my inevitable [Dragonization, I'll admit it was hard for me too,
having to watch the world move on while I remained the same. The centuries wearing down
on my humanity weren't kind, it almost drove me to madness." He lets out a weary sigh.
"But… I managed to persevere and came to terms with this life. I cherished my time with my
comrades for as long as I could to keep their memory alive while also forging new ones. I
posted the [100-Year Quest] not just to get rid of the dragon gods, but to fulfill our final wish
and keep our story alive. They would not want me to wallow in misery and I'm sure your
family wouldn't want you to either."
"The old pervert is correct." Irene added in agreement, though it caused Elefseria to crouch in
depression. "The knowledge of loved ones eventually passing is a difficult and painful fact to
swallow, but it shouldn't prevent you from forming connections with others and cherishing
the friends and family you possess with whatever time you have. And finding a larger
purpose, goal, or dream helps in overcoming the passage of time. And given that Fairy Tail is
a guild known for both forging bonds and embracing a life of adventure and dreams, I am
sure you can get through this."
I was surprised by Irene's words, not because of what she said, but by how sincere her words
were. I guess she also had friends she lost once upon a time.
It took a long while, but eventually the four got used to their new dragon forms, Natsu more
so as he couldn't wait to test his new power out. I created four clones to help train their new

dragon forms and they made some progress, even gaining the ability to transform between
human and dragon at will.
"[Etherious Dragon King Cannon]!" Natsu, in his dragon form, fires a massive stream of
cursed fire but the clone absorbs it with the Preta path.
"You take much longer to use your power in dragon form than in human form. Not just that,
but you take too long to dodge. Enemies can use that delay to get the upper hand on you."
The clone states.
"It's not exactly easy to move like this. I feel so heavy." Natsu groaned.
"Ah, quit complaining. You and Gajeel need to get more used to those bodies. Laxus and
Wendy are doing alright." The clone comments.
"That's because Laxus is skinny and Wendy's tiny!" Natsu argued.
"I'M PETITE!" Wendy roars in the background.
"Still, you four made a lot of progress in the past year and I can't argue with the results, but
we stiil need to work on your reflexes." I transform into a [Super Saiyan 2]. "Ready?"
"Bring it!" Natsu roars as he lunges at the clone.
[Mercphobia was also a great help in better understand their new instincts as well as
suppressing their power so that they don't crush weaker beings just from being in their
presence]
Speaking of Mercphobia, aside from unlocking his [Aura, he had no desire to gain new
strength. He said that he had his fill of battle and that after this whole mess with Rusty is
done, he was going to spend the rest of his days in peace with Karameel. He would have left
if it wasn't for the dragon slayers needing help with their new bodies.
It was the same for Elefseria though he likely said so as an excuse so that he can watch all of
the women sweating in the background like the giant pervert he is.
Up next are the [Isekaijin]. In addition to unlocking their respective [Auras, I had the clones
give Shizuka, Yuko, and Chisato copies of [Salvation, [Sonido, [Martial Arts
Mastery] and [Ki Manipulation]. For Chisato, I also gave her [Energy Manipulation,
[Ultra Instinct, and [Psionic Manipulation].
For Yuko, Yoko, and Diana, I gave them copies of [Blade Mastery, [Sonido, [Ki
Manipulation, [Martial Arts Mastery, [Protection from Arrows, [Resilient Body,
[Ultimate Warrior, and [Massive Strength, with Diana also receiving copies of [Judge,
[Ultra Instinct, and even [Adept].
All 5 of the girls expressed their thanks to me and each gave the clones their own personal
make-out sessions, with Diana surprisingly being the longest and most passionate in kissing
hers.

[Damn, who knew Wonder Woman would end up being such an amazing kisser? Or
that she would fall for you this hard?]
'I know, right? Even taking [Ultimate Adonis] and [Devil's Charm] into consideration, it's
rather surprising.' I thought in amazement.
The clones gave Konomi [Marksmanship, [Sonido, [Protection from Arrows, [Ki
Manipulation, [Martial Arts Mastery, [Resilient Body] and [Massive Strength]. He also
used [Celestial Engineer] to create a copy of [Ace of Spades] and gave it to her as a gift for
completing her training.
Konomi was ecstatic, hugging the gun like a child. "Thank you, Asmodeus-kun! I will
cherish this gift forever!" She says before giving the clone a kiss on the lips.
[Her lips tasted like strawberries]
For Chun-Li, the clone gives her copies of [Ki Manipulation, [Sonido, [Martial Arts
Mastery, [Energy Manipulation, [Resilient Body, [Protection from Arrows, [Massive
Strength, [Ultra Instinct, [Judge, [Ultimate Warrior, and [Kaio-ken].
Like Konomi, she was ecstatic about this, proceeding to give me a vice-like hug, squeezing
her large J-cup breasts and well-defined curvy body against me.
"Thank you so much, Asmodeus! I promise to make it up to you later!" Chun-Li pulls the
clone in for a passionate kiss.
For Sariel, Belial, and Mammon, I decided to give them [Ki Manipulation, [Martial Arts
Mastery, [Magic Manipulation, [Energy Manipulation, [Psionic Manipulation,
[Sonido, and [Ultra Instinct] with only Sariel also receiving a copy of [Salvation].
All of them were extremely grateful for it, of course, with each of them hugging and kissing
me as thanks.
And finally for Merlin, she's given [Ki Manipulation, [Martial Arts Mastery, [Magic
Manipulation, [Energy Manipulation, [Psionic Manipulation, [Salvation, [Resilient
Body, [Protection from Arrows, [Massive Strength, [Sonido, and even a copy of [Dark
Wisdom].
"Thank you so much, Master~" Merlin says before kissing me. "You taste so good~!"
[You're banging her, right? Please say yes because I don't know how long I can resist
her inhuman cuteness]
"Maybe later." I stand up and stretch my limbs. "That's enough meditating for now. I should
get started on training." I summon over a few hundred clones and a full-blown brawl breaks
out.
The purpose of this was to max out my long arsenal of skills, since I don't get any EXP from
defeating my clones since they are mere extensions of myself.

But this? This was not what I had in mind.
"Alright you lot, knock it off!" I yelled at my clones, catching their attention. "I love the
enthusiasm here guys, but what the hell are you doing? This was not what I had in mind
when I thought of doing self training."
"You want to get stronger, right? This is the best way to do it." One of the clones points out.
"By beating each other up? You're not even using any skills." I scolded him.
"Well maybe you should have been more specific about your training plan before you brought
us here, dumbass." Another clone growled.
"Hey, don't yell at him. He's under a lot of pressure!" A clone scolded him.
"Oh, eat a dick, you stupid piece of-" The clones started to argue among themselves.
Meanwhile, everyone can hear a loud racket in the distance followed by the echoes of
explosions.
"Should we do something?" Asked a confused Lisanna.
Evergreen shakes her head. "Nah. I think we should just focus on our own training and
pretend we saw nothing."
"Agreed." Everyone else said and they went back to training.
"Enough. Enough!" I scream out before calming down. "Okay, I'll admit I didn't think this
through, but that doesn't mean I can't come up with something now."
A clone crosses his arms and looks at the original skeptically. "So what's the plan then?"
I smiled. "I'm happy you asked. Now line up."
With that, I organized my Clones to train in groups.
One to refine my martial arts and swordsmanship skills even FURTHER than what the level
of the skills indicated. One group to further refine mastery in [Nemesis] and [Ultra
Instinct, one group to push the boundaries of magic with [Almighty Magic, one group to
practice Ki techniques and usage of [God Ki] and my Super Saiyan forms, one group to
refine mastery in some of my lesser used skills like [Marksmanship] and my [False
Data] skills, and one group to experiment in unlocking and mastering a new power I deemed
necessary: [Hakai].
However, acquiring the technique proved to be not so simple as none of my clones haven't
pulled it off.
To use [Hakai, you needed [Power of Destruction, a far more volatile and powerful version
of [God Ki]. However, to get it, you'd need to be taught by a God of Destruction or their
Angel attendant.

That is, unless you have [Energy Manipulation].
[Energy Generation] is one of the many abilities that fall under this skill, so it should be
easy to create this energy. However, that proved to be false as I had no idea how to tap into
such a fundamental force of nature. I mean, how does one understand Destruction; let alone
control it?
And that's when I realized that I may need to use a different mindset, one that I never thought
I'd be.
The mindset of a destroyer.
I had to focus on destruction and nothing else. Erase any and all emotional attachments from
my mind.
"Before Creation comes Destruction." That was the phrase I played in my head as I started
the process, something to anchor myself as I delved deeper.
Then I felt something of spark inside me before bursting into something more primal.
The clones all stop what they're doing as they watch their original being engulfed in a purple
flame-like aura.
"Whoa…" One of the clones whispers in awe at their original's new form. It looked
like [Ultra Instinct] but… different.
His eyebrows become ridge-like, with no visible facial hair. His hair becomes tyrian purple in
color. Hid eyes attain a magenta-like color irises as well and also retain visible black pupils.
His muscle mass also seems to gain a small increase and become much more defined.
He looks at his hand and forms a fight before letting out a savage grin.
"Um… boss?" One of the clones asks in concern.
"... hit me." I said.
"What?"
"Hit me with everything you've got. Don't dare hold back!" I demanded with a grin on my
face.
Without missing a beat, five of the clones all charge at him and their hits connect, but to the
clones' shock, their hits didn't seem to do anything.
And all the while, I was smiling.
"Hmph, not bad. As expected from copies of myself." I arrogantly remark.
The five clones jump back in confusion before they all feel the insurmountable pressure
building in front of them, getting stronger with each passing microsecond.

You gained the trait [Power of Destruction]!
[Power of Destruction]
An incredible godly power utilized by Gods of Destruction and those trained in their
ways. It can be harnessed to create devastating techniques.
Congratulations! You have learned the perk [Ultra Ego]!
[Ultra Ego]
An original transformation created by Vegeta after learning to utilize the Power of
Destruction. Where the Ultra Instinct draws upon the principles of conquering oneself,
Ultra Ego allows a user's efficiency and power to increase as he continues to evade and
counterattack, Ultra Ego allows the user's overall power to increase as they take more
damage and delve more into their lust for battle. However, this may cause the user to
act rashly and their body unable to function properly due to the insane amount of
damage and overwhelms them.
The following techniques are available (they can also be used while in base form):
Hakai, Wrath of the God of Destruction, Sphere of Destruction, Destruction before
Creation, God of Destruction's Wrath, Cataclysmic Orb, God of Destruction's
Rampage, God of Destruction's Roar, God of Destruction's Menace, Chaotic Sphere of
Destruction, God of Destruction's Ingenuity, God of Destruction's Rapture, God of
Destruction's Admonition, God of Destruction's Cunning, God of Destruction's
Banquet, God of Destruction's Mercy, God of Destruction's Gambit, God Meteor, Super
Star Break.
Raises all stats x3,000,000 and increases with every hit absorbed.
I look at the purple aura coming out of my hand. "So, this is what it's like to be a God of
Destruction." A big smile appears as I clench my hand. "Magnificent!"
"It really is, boss! The overwhelming pressure you're excluding exceeds our [Majin] form
and [Super Saiyan Rosé] together." One of the clones said.
That's when an idea comes to mind. "Transform. All of you."
"Eh?"
"Transform into whatever form you want. Either demon, angel, dragon, Saiyan, or a fusion of
them all. I WANT you all to transform and FIGHT ME!" I scream like a maniac.
The clones all look at each other with unease before they all transform, becoming an army of
demons, angels, dragons, [Super Saiyan Rosé] and [Super Saiyan 4].
I let out a dark chuckle. "This is gonna be fun~" And with that, I charged at my clones.
I fought an army of my own clones, each of them in the strongest forms I had in my arsenal.
And for every blow I received, I only got stronger.

There was no need to dodge, my body simply had no desire to. It just wanted to keep going,
even with my [Aura] long gone and my body riddled with third-degree burns and other lifethreatening injuries, I just kept going and fighting. It didn't help that my stamina and health
regenerates instantly, allowing me to keep going with the death battle.
It took [Gamer's Mind] going into overdrive and Tobi screaming for my higher senses to
kick in and reign myself back in control, dismissing my [Ultra Ego] form. At first I didn't
remember much, my memories hazy due to the primal battlelust and destructive impulses.
Tobi explained that because I was being beaten to near death only to heal a second later made
my [Power of Destruction] skyrocket as well gaining massive Zenkai boosts, causing the
pocket dimension to grow increasingly unstable and nearly destroying it with everyone
inside.
My clones didn't fare well on the receiving end, but it was enough to max out my [Energy
Manipulation, [Psionic Manipulation, [Marksmanship, [No Motion Jump, [Movement
Mastery, [Sheer Cold, [False Data: Life, [False Data: Mana, [False Data: Aura, [Chaos
Control (Limited), [Ultra Instinct, and [Perfect Unknowable].
Maxing out [Ultra Instinct] gave me [Perfect Ultra Instinct] as a perk which makes it
easier to assume this state without any drawbacks.
[Perfect Ultra Instinct]
A transformation that utilizes Ultra Instinct at its maximum potential in conjunction
with the user's own potential on a subconscious level, allowing the user to automatically
and instinctively react and counter to any attack regardless of its strength, speed, or
unique nature, with the user instinctively being aware of the necessary power or skills
or abilities needed to be used against any opponent or situation. It also strengthens the
mind and spirit to possess perfect self-control and be immune to all mental or spiritual
conditions, regardless of the circumstances or situation. It also allows the user the
ability to create an even more powerful giant energy avatar. All abilities and stats are
vastly augmented in this state.
Raises all stats x3,000,000.
The reason why it changed to a perk has to do with the nature of [Ultra
Instinct] itself. [Ultra Instinct] is the highest technique a god could ever possess, but it is
difficult to master. It took Beerus possibly millions of years just to be able to use a limited
autonomous version of the technique. Yet despite this, it set him apart from the other 11 Gods
of Destruction as the most feared and most troublesome. It's not the same with their Angel
attendants, however, who have [Mastered Ultra Instinct] active at all times.
Therefore, this refined state can no longer be defined as a technique, but a muscle that you
use all the time.
It's the same with [Ultra Ego]. The moment you gain the [Power of Destruction] it becomes
a part of you permanently, the transformation is just a way of channeling it to its fullest.

Finally, it was time to train my Reality Marble. Though calling it "training" was a bit of a
stretch.
Using [Gamer's Grimoire, I learned a few things about the Reality Marble. For one, having
an aria isn't required to conjure a Reality Marble, but rather as a means to focus it outwards.
The more the user is in tune with himself, the easier it is to summon it.
In other words, I needed to focus inward, not out.
Kind of like a certain JRPG series I love so much.
With no other option, I decided to meditate in order to learn more about myself. When I open
my eyes, I found myself in the familiar blackness of my mindscape.
"Now, what to do next?" I stand up and look around. "Acnologia? Acnologia!"
"Yes?" I turn around and there he is.
"Hm, you are not surprised. Disappointing." Acnologia said, sounding disappointed.
"Listen, I-" But before I can explain, Acnologia raises his hand to stop.
"You wish to understand yourself in order to materialize your soul into the real world, I
know." Acnologia finished. "I will warn you though, unlike taming the primal nature of the
Saiyan, this ordeal may actually kill you. Are you sure you want to do this?"
"Yes I do." I told him.
Acnologia closes his eyes and starts walking forward. "A Reality Marble is not just a
powerful tool, it is your soul actualized, the result of switching the Self and the World while
keeping the boundary the same. It is the self under the mask we wear everyday." Acnologia
states. "You would need to venture into your own subconscious and locate your Shadow Self,
the repressed negative qualities of yourself. He is the king in that world."
"If he's me then he won't go down without a fight." I remark.
"This is serious. Where you want to go is a place that has no end. The subconscious is a place
with no beginning or end. It is where your instincts, values, and beliefs are kept as well as
your nightmares, doubts, and malice." Acnologia sharply turns to me. "Your Shadow will
prey on your insecurities, degrading your mental defenses until it kills you and takes your
place." He then smiles. "But after being with you for so long, I know you will be fine."
I smiled back.
"Remember, I cannot help you while you are down there. You will also not be able to call
your your friend for assistance. You will be totally isolated." Acnologia grimly states.
"Then how will I beat my Shadow without my powers?" I asked.

"In the realm of the subconscious, the mind–or rather ego–reigns supreme. You merely need
to remember yourself at your strongest." Acnologia walks up to me. "Remember, you must
find your Shadow and defeat it. He is the key to your escape. Good luck."
With that said, Acnologia gives me a two-finger tap on the forehead, causing me to lose my
balance and fall backwards to an even deeper abyss.
I fall on a hard surface and when I open my eyes, I find myself standing on the first floor of
the [Ruby Palace]. I look back to see that the large door leading to the palace garden is
missing.
"I guess there's no other way but to go forward." I mutter as I take my first steps towards the
unknown.
The layout of the floor is the same as the one in the real world, so navigating was easy.
Eventually, I reach the elevator doors and call it down here.
"Look who's come to visit me, the king of a fake kingdom. I bet that must feel pretty
good, huh?" A distorted and mocking said.
I look around the floor for the source of the voice, but find nothing.
"You are a joke. No, jokes are funny. You are something worse." The voice continued.
*DING!*
The elevator doors open and I walk inside, however when I get to pick which floor to go to,
there's only one button instead of a hundred.
It's the Throne Room.
So, with no other option, I press the button and the doors close. There's a quick rumble and
the elevator begins its ascend.
"You paint yourself as some kind of hero, a friend. But the truth is you could give two
shits about Earthland, or the multiverse for that matter. You only do what you do now
because you enjoy the thrill of victory, to dominate everything and everyone in your
way because of the torment you suffered in your first life."
"..." I try to even out my breathing in order to remain calm.
"You were bullied and tormented by everyone around you. You wanted nothing more
than to beat every one of them to death for making you a laughingstock. Your 'friends'
used you for their own gain, not even bothering to remember your name while the
adults were too arrogant to listen and left you to rot."
Suddenly the elevator suddenly goes up faster, causing it to shake violently. I grab the guard
rail and turn to the floor indicator on the right going haywire.
"I should know this. After all…"

The elevator abruptly stops with a loud thud.
*DING!*
The doors open revealing the Throne Room, and sitting on the throne is a clone of me with
only one key difference: his eyes are gold.
"... I am you." The doppelganger states.
I step out of the elevator and it disappears. "So you're my inner self. My Shadow."
"Yes." The Shadow smiles. "Our long awaited meeting has come at last."
"Hn, Star Wars reference. Definitely something I'd say." I walk up to the throne. "You know, I
was kind of expecting a welcome party. With psychic monsters and such."
"There's no need. After all, you are your own worst enemy." The Shadow said.
I stop walking and stare at my Shadow. "What do you mean?"
"Do you REALLY need to ask yourself that, or is it better to remain ignorant?" The
Shadow mocked.
"Just humor me, how am I my own worst enemy?" I asked.
The Shadow smiles. "You have many positive qualities, without a doubt. Adventurous,
ambitious, curious, and confidence that is tempered and balanced with humility,
empathy, and patience thanks to both your own personal experiences and your
extensive meta-knowledge of various franchises granting you immense wisdom and selfawareness." The Shadow starts, before his smile turns cruel. "However, even YOU are not
flawless even WITH the aid of The Gamer System. For starters, one clear issue is how
selfish you are."
"Of course I'm selfish, no one's really selfless, not even Wonder Woman. Though I'm
guessing there's more to it than just that?" I questioned.
"You grew tired of your world, how mundane and repetitive it is. You took for granted
everything that was given to you and wrote it off as boring. Then when you were offered
the chance to become The Gamer, you instantly took it without a second thought
because it would be fun, never once thinking about the people you left behind." The
Shadow stands up from his throne. "You seek the thrill of the unknown, and are willing to
cut ties with anyone if it means to get that iota of excitement. You stole Azule's body,
replacing his existence with your own because he was holding you back." He walks
towards me. "You took advantage of your broken system to become the strongest. You
manipulated so many girls into loving you, and you turned Fairy Tail into your own
personal army by tempting them with new power while giving them the illusion that you
were acting out of the goodness of your heart." The Shadow then stops a few meters away
and laughs. "What. A. Joke! You're not a hero! You're not even a good friend! You're

just a vain and greedy man who sees everyone and everything as toys for his
entertainment! You are no different from Rustyrose or any other villain!"
"..." I look down as my Shadow continues to cackle, the hair hiding my eyes.
"... you're right." I blur out, causing my Shadow to stop laughing.
"Huh?"
"What you said about me is mostly correct. I am a vain and greedy guy. I've known that for a
long, long time now." I admit. "I take advantage of any opportunity that I find if it means
taking that edge off my life and forget just how mundane it is. I took the chance to become
The Gamer knowing full well that I will likely never return to my home universe again." I
said. "Was it selfish? Yes, it certainly was. But look me in the eye and tell me who would
reject such an opportunity, to become more than what they are now."
The Shadow doesn't respond.
"Yeah, that's what I thought." I said. "I took the opportunity that many would die for. Hell, I
DID die to get here. My family and friends likely mourned for me, but I would want them to
move on because there's no point in being stuck in the past."
"Yes, your family. The same family you never once thought of, the ones you neglected.
They were nothing but deadweight in your eyes." The Shadow purred, trying to entice me
to react.
"Neglected? We may not have seen eye to eye on a few things, but I loved them just as much
as they loved me. But there's one thing that you got wrong about me." I said.
"And that is?"
"That I manipulate people. I never gave those girls false promises or some kind of grand
ulterior motive. They chose to be with me." I said.
"The illusion of choice isn't a choice at all."
"Fairy Tail welcomed me with open arms despite all of the vagueness and secrecy. They
accepted me as their friend and a part of their family." I argued.
"After you saved them from a mad dragon and gave them the power to become like
gods."
"God, was I always so negative? I guess I understand how dad felt." I rhetorically ask. "Point
is I NEVER manipulated Fairy Tail into trusting me or the girls into having feelings for me,
they all ultimately CHOSE to trust me and the girls to accompany me on my journey even
while knowing the risks and dangers."
"They are all fools for even trusting an anomaly like you!"

"Yeah… they are. But that's what makes them special, doesn't it?" A smile appears on my
face. "They chose to trust me despite my secrets," I take one step forward. "They chose to
fight alongside me despite my questionable origins," And I take another step. "And THEY
CHOSE to love me because of who I am, not what!"
The manifestation grits his teeth in frustration. "Why do you so eagerly defend them?
They're fictional characters! They're nothing!"
"Because they're real. They eat, they laugh, they cry, they love, they get angry, they live and
die like everyone else. So what if they're from a show or manga? That doesn't mean they
aren't real to somebody." I said.
"... this isn't supposed to happen. You weren't supposed to accept your flaws! You're
supposed to DENIED them. DENIED ME!" The Shadow cried.
I arch an eyebrow. "Why would I do that? Everything you said was on point. Granted, if this
had happened when I was, I don't know, still in high school, then yeah. But I like to think I've
changed since then and even more so after coming here."
"No… nononono!" My Shadow Self takes a step back as he clutches his head in
distress. "This isn't right... You aren't supposed to be like this!" He falls to the floor.
"You're supposed to be vain and greedy, willing to step on everyone just to get what you
want!"
"Then I guess you were wrong. But that wouldn't be the first time that's happened." I shrug.
"But then again, it makes sense, doesn't it? I am you, after all."
"No… I refuse. I refuse to accept that this is who I am!" The Shadow cries out. "You're
not me! You are nothing like me!"
All of a sudden the room starts to shake as large cracks appear and the illusion breaks down,
revealing nothing but the void of space and floating asteroids.
I land on one of the asteroids and watch as my Shadow Self flies up and begins to transform,
releasing a dense wave of miasma that nearly pushes me back.
In the center of the void is an Oozaru, however, it was different. It was larger, but incredibly
malnourished. It has black bolts crudely piercing its body and bleeding what looks to be
black sludge instead of blood. It has a golden crown seemingly emerging from its head, but
the weight seems to be too much, causing the head to be slowly buried into itself. It has a pair
of fourteen wings, but they're decrepit and have lost their feathers revealing its bones. It's fur
is a dirty pink, representing [Super Saiyan Rosé] and instead of a left arm it has the rotting
head of Acnologia. However, what draws my attention is the seemingly flawless mask of my
face that has been smashed in, revealing nothing but an empty void underneath it all.
"Okay, not gonna lie, that has to be the most unsettling thing I've ever seen." I remark with
clear disgust.

"I am a shadow... The true self…!" The Shadow declares. "I will deny everything!
Including you!"
I quickly made some distance between us.
"DIE!" The Shadow fires a ki cannon from his mouth.
"HAA!" I immediately go [Super Saiyan Rosé] and add [Chaos Mode] with it for good
measure, and then backhanded the Ki blast right back at the Shadow.
"Grr!" The Shadow snarls but is unable to react further as I had immediately flown towards
him and launched a devastating punch into his torso that launched him away.
"This is meaningless. Why can't you just accept that I've changed!?" I demand.
"Because you're a lying piece of shit who always tries to play the victim! Always try to
play the fool when it is convenient!" He raises his hand and charges a familiar blast. "BIG
BANG ATTACK!"
The blast comes too fast and I am forced to intercept it. "Hrrrg!" I parry the attack and get
into a familiar stance.
"Final… Chaos Kamehameha!" I fire the technique at the monster and it hits its mark, only
to be left dumbstruck as it did no damage. "What!?"
"It's useless! You can't hurt your own shadow! But I can hurt YOU!" The Shadow fires
a [Hyper Beam] from the dragon's head.
"Tch! [Draco Meteor]!" I summon hundreds of meteors to fall down from the depths of
space and on the monster, creating a diversion.
I teleport right above it and snap my fingers and all of the blasters fire at the monster's head.
However, a large skeletal hand bursts from the explosion and rockets towards me.
I fly off the blaster just as the hand crushes it before a hundred more appear and proceed to
do the same thing.
The Shadow is then shown to be encased inside a black rib cage with clawed hands and bull's
skull where a human one should be.
"[Susanoo]..." I said. "Well then, I'll just have to turn it up a notch! HAAAAAA!" I add
more [Chaos Energy] into my god form, causing its aura to enlarge and become chaotic.
"Kaio-ken… TIMES 12!" The entire realm shakes as my power grows exponentially.
"I don't think so!" The Shadow exclaims, also increasing his power.
We rocket towards each other as our fists collide, creating a shockwave that destroys all of
the asteroids around us.

"You might know everything I'm going to do, but that's not going to help since I know
everything YOU'RE going to do!" I smirk. "Strange, isn't it!?"
"No… not everything!" The Shadow mocked.
"!?" However, before I can react, a black energy beam shoots right through my chest. "Argh!"
The view switches to reveal a smirking clone as it dissolves into darkness.
"Hehehehe… HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" The Shadow jumps back and raises his
right arm, collecting energy before swinging it down, unleashing a purple arc of energy.
"Gaaaaahhh!" The wave hits me and sends crashing through several asteroids before
exploding.
When the smoke clears, it shows Asmodeus grievously wounded. His gi has been completely
shredded revealing his bare chest.
What was worse is that [Gamer's Body] doesn't seem to be working because I am feeling
ALL of this!
"You used [Perfect Unknowable] to hide your clone for a sneak attack…" I manage to lift
myself up only to stumble and fall. "So this is what it's like to be on the receiving end of my
attacks. I certainly do pack a punch."
"Oh, but that's not the real kicker." The Shadow hints.
"Ugh!" I hold my chest in pain before noticing my skin starting to decay. "This is… [Dark
Ray]!"
"Correct, and that's just the prelude." Immediately five copies of my Shadow Self bursts
from nowhere and attack, taking full advantage of my now weakened state.
They hit me with a massive barrage of punches and kicks while throwing me around like a
football.
One of the clones cups his hands together and reels back, then slams his fists on me, sending
me down before another kicks me and sends me crashing into a floating mountain and it
collapses.
"Once I kill you, I will have no trouble taking your place and show them all who I really
am!" A distorted and cruel smile appears on its half broken face as they all activate [Sword
Dance]. "But why wait? I'll just do it right now!"
All five clones begin to charge their own attacks as well.
"[Spatial Rend]!"
"[Roar of Time]!"

"[Hyper Beam]!"
"[Dragon Breaker]!"
"[Special Beam Cannon]!"
"[Dragon Slayer Secret Art - Twilight Devil: Dark Moon Array]!"
All six attacks fly straight towards the mountain, instantly destroying it and leaving nothing
behind.
… but there was something, wasn't there? Something that made the Shadow's hair stand on
its end.
For in front of Asmodeus… was a figure. A figure made of silver.
I slowly open my eyes and feel… better. The cursed effects of the [Dark Ray] dissolves from
my body, turning into sand and scattering into the void.
"Y-You-?" But before I can say anything, the figure disappears into light, leaving a familiar
weapon in its place.
"That's-!?"
"Heh." I grab the God Arc and hold it up. "You're right. I still have to keep my promise."
The Shadow grits its teeth. "To think that faker survived in my world without my
knowledge. That Semblance of his is more trouble than it's worth."
"I don't understand why you reject me. I only want to be better. I want us to be better." I grab
the handle with both hands. "However… If fighting means I can move forward." I
activate [Perfect Ultra Instinct]. "Then I will."
I used a combination of [Perfect Unknowable] and [Instant Transmission] to get behind
Shadow and his five copies and launched a slash attack, though Shadow managed to dodge at
the last second while his copies were destroyed.
"Damn it! Damn you!" Shadow growled. "Don't get cocky just because you got a
weapon from that bastard!"
"It's not a weapon, and besides you're the last person I wanna hear complaining about being
cocky!" I snapped. "We may not care about honor or pride or playing by the rules, but I had
hoped you would keep this a 1v1 fight. Guess you must really be afraid of me."
"I fear nothing, least of all you!" The Shadow growls.
I let out a tired sigh. "Enough, let's end this. I'm getting sick and tired of this nonsense."
"On that, we can agree." The monster lunges at me.

I raise my God Arc and bring it down, unleashing a large purple crescent at the Shadow.
The monster quickly uses [Nemesis] to create a barrier, only to be shocked for the barrier to
fail and hit him directly.
"Gaaaaaah!" The Shadow screams in pain at the huge gash on its chest. "Why… How can
you cause me pain!? This shouldn't be possible!" It eyes the weapon he's holding and puts
it together. "The sword!"
"I realized that I can't really hurt you. My attacks simply bounce off you like two magnets
repelling each other." The God Arc starts emitting a silver aura. "But luckily for me, I have
the benefit of a 3rd party who can bypass that issue!"
The Shadow growled, but before he could respond, the aura-clad God Arc had slashed across
his chest, leaving another large gaping wound.
"ARGH!" The Shadow screamed. He quickly backed away to get time to heal from his
wound, but to his surprise, the wound wasn't regenerating. "How?! How are you doing
this?!"
"Because I'm not fighting alone." I answered.
The Shadow summons giant blasters and fires them along with ki blasts from both his hands
and mouth.
My body automatically avoids all of the beams, my speed not decreasing.
"Fine! You wanna use a Jailbreak!? Then try to avoid THIS!" The Shadow claps his
hands together and creates multiple purple-colored atom-shaped energy spheres that grow
until it is the size of planets!
"Take this, Multi Sphere of Destruction!" He swings his arm down and all of the spheres
begin to race towards me.
"It doesn't matter how many of them you throw at me, I'll take them all on!" I cried as my
body was enveloped in light, turning me into a silver comet.
"Hahaha! You think you can dodge these with [Perfect Ultra Instinct]!? You always did
have a bullheaded mindset!" The Shadow mocked before closing his hands together,
causing all of the spheres to merge into something GIGANTIC! "Try dodging it now!
Hahahahahaha!"
"... let's do this." I raise my God Arc up to my face as the orb of destruction comes closer.
"ULTRA DRAGON SWORD!" The comet enlarges and takes the form of a gargantuan
silver Shenron.
"WHAT!?" The Shadow screams out but it is too late.

Both it and the Cataclysmic Orb are swallowed by the silver dragon, and they all detonate in
a cascade of blinding light.
The light then fades, revealing a world that consists of nothing but green hills as the sun
begins to set in the background, bathing everything in twilight.
The view switches to reveal Asmodeus running his Shadow through the chest with his God
Arc.
"Damn… I can't believe I lost..." The Shadow solemnly mutters. "Looks like I really was
the faker in the end, huh? Hehehe…"
I stare at him with regret in my eyes. "It didn't have to come to this..."
The Shadow smiles. "Yes it did. In the end, only one of us was going to be the true king
of this world. We are both remnants… mere flickers just like that boy who gave up his
existence for you."
The Shadow's body begins to fade away as he moves his neck up to look at me with a
predatory smile.
"But don't think this is over. I am a Shadow, your Shadow, and as such you can never
truly get rid of me!" His smile widens more. "I will be keeping an eye on you and the
moment you show the slightest weakness, I'll take the crown from your pulverized
skull!" He grabs the blade with his remaining arm. "If you're serious about mastering this
power… then be sure not to die before we meet again!"
With his piece said, my Shadow turns into dust and is carried by the winds.
"That's fine. You are me, after all." I said.
I turn my attention to the red God Arc in my hands and lift it up. "Thank you for helping me,
but I can handle the rest on my own from here on out."
The weapon glows and dissolves into particles of light that rise into the sky before they
disappear.
The sun finally sets on the horizon, and the sky is blanketed in a sea of stars.
When I open my eyes again, I am back in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber in the exact same
spot I was in, but now I feel different… more at peace with myself.
[Holy shit… I just saw your memories. You fought your Shadow and won!]
"Yeah. It should be easier to use the Reality Marble now, especially when used in conjunction
with [Blade God] and possibly [Perfect Ultra Instinct]." I stretch my limbs and notice how
stiff they are. "How long was I gone?"
[Dude. It's been over well over a year. Everybody already left the chamber]

"Wait, a year!? Seriously!?" I exclaimed.
[Yeah. Your clones have done a good job keeping them occupied. When they asked what
you were doing, they told them that you were in intense training and didn't want to be
disturbed. Natsu tried to be sneak in an ambush you but Erza beat him down and put
him on a time out]
"How do you know that?" I asked.
[While I can't really communicate with your clones, I am still aware of what's
happening by linking to their senses]
Afterwards, I worked on using [Tracing] in order to project swords and realized that I wasn't
limited to projecting swords or certain items like Shirou and Archer, I can also project guns,
spears, shields, and other items.
However, I did find that coming up with an aria for my Reality Marble wasn't as easy as I
thought. In fact, I only got the first verse working before deciding to finally leave.
That's when a random idea came to me.
"Tobi, you can create perks right? Is it possible for you to create a perk that combines all the
abilities and benefits of [Perfect Ultra Instinct] and [Ultra Ego, but preferably without any
of their individual drawbacks?"
[You know, I just had the exact same idea. I suppose it helps that I am part of your
mind, lol]
New Perk Created!
[ULTRA Asmodeus]
A transformation that fuses both [Perfect Ultra Instinct] and [Ultra Ego, granting
access to all the abilities and benefits of both forms, but with the calmness and perfect
self-control of [Perfect Ultra Instinct]. Can only be achieved by those who possess both
[Perfect Ultra Instinct] and [Ultra Ego].
Raises all base stats x20,000,000.
"Awesome!" I couldn't hold my big smile.
Later - Emerald Altar
I stare at the emerald altar now holding six Chaos Emeralds, all of them floating peacefully
on top of their respective pillars.
Suddenly, alarms burst to life, causing the entire chamber to turn red.
"ATTENTION! SPACE-TIME DISTORTIONS DETECTED!" Handles' robotic voice
announces.

"Where?" I ask but it is soon answered as I sensed something and a purple vortex appears
behind me.
"!?" I turn around just as something begins to come through and I couldn't believe my eyes.
Stepping out of the portal is a tall muscular man with unkempt black hair with three bangs
hanging to the right of his forehead and two hanging to the left. His hair also stands up in the
front with five spikes and four in the back. His eyes are jet black and a lighter pale skin
complexion. He wears a black form-fitting short-sleeved shirt and black pants with black
kung fu shoes and blue leg wraps. He also wears a flowing red vest with a long backside that
is secured with a blue obi tied over it at his waist and blue armbands. He also carries the
Power Pole across his back, and a bag of Senzu Beans secured to his obi.
Next to him is a shorter but muscular man, his black hair spikes upwards with a prominent
widow's peak and his eyes having a constant stern look to them. He wears a black jumpsuit
underneath white and brown battle armor with a tube-like neck strap, along with white gloves
with large black sections on the cuffs and white boots with similar black sections on the
uppers and a brown toe cap.
Name: Xeno Goku
Title: Kakarot, Red Goku, 1st World's Strongest
Level: 566
Affiliation: Dragon Team, Z-Fighters, Time Patrol
HP: 37,766,544
MP: 0
SP: 43,221,898
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Senses your strength and wants to fight you
Name: Xeno Vegeta
Title: Prince of All Saiyans, Elite Saiyan, Black Vegeta, 2nd World Strongest
Level: 564
Affiliation: Saiyan Army (Former), Frieza Force (Former), Dark Empire (Former), ZFighters, Time Patrol
HP: 37,680,644
MP: 0

SP: 43,045,778
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Senses your strength and is curious about your tail
"Look, Kakarot. Up there." The two Saiyans look up and see the emeralds on the temple.
"Yeah Vegeta. This must be the place." Xeno Goku confirms before turning to the boy
wearing a black gi… and a monkey tail?
"A Saiyan…?" Vegeta said, surprised by the presence of another of their kind.
"G-Goku!? Vegeta!?" I stammered as I am face-to-face with two of the most famous and
iconic anime characters in all of modern history. My [Gamer's Mind] going into overdrive in
order to calm me down.
Inside the Gamer's Mind
"OHMYFUCKINGGOD,ITSFUCKINGGOKUANDVEGETA!ITSGOKUANDVEGET
A!HOLYSHIT,ICAN'TBELIEVETHISISHAPPENINGTOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
!" I scream out and collapse, foam rising in my open mouth.
[Dude, this is worse than that time you met Sans. Is this gonna become a thing with
you?]
Back in reality
"Hm?" Xeno Goku looks confused. "It looks like he recognizes us, Vegeta."
Vegeta's eyes narrowed. "Who are you?"
I was broken out of my stupor upon hearing the question.
"U-Uh, my name is Asmodeus, it's an honor to meet both of you." I managed to reply. "But
may I ask why you are here, in my palace? Judging by your outfits, I'm guessing you're the
Goku and Vegeta who works for the Time Patrol?"
"Whoa, you even know about the Time Patrol, and that we work for them?" Xeno Goku
asked in surprise and amazement.
"Yeah. I'm just a simple traveler of the multiverse, so I've heard a few things about the Time
Patrol and its main members." A smile forms on my face. "I grew up hearing the stories of
the great Son Goku and his friends, the battles you guys fought, the friends you've made, I
know it all. They're among my favorite stories I've ever come across."
Xeno Vegeta smirks. "Then I'm guessing you also grew up hearing the stories of the mighty
Vegeta, Prince of all Saiyans."

"Yeah, of course!" I nod. "The mighty prince Vegeta, who originally came to Earth for the
Dragon Balls to become immortal, but overtime, you became less power hungry and
eventually mellowed out, understanding and falling in love with your adoptive home world
and having a family in the process." I said. "You were cruel, cold-blooded, arrogant, vain, and
egotistical. Throughout your first ten years on Earth, you have been obsessed with defeating
Goku, spending a decade of your life constantly trying to close the gap between you two,
only to backfire every time. It was only after you literally died that you realized the futility of
it and let go of your obsession, becoming a more relaxed and caring guy even though you
don't show it most of the time. You now simply train for the sake of surpassing your own
limits, rather than surpassing Goku, and that has led you to new avenues of power that Goku
hasn't even reached." I smiled. "I respect you Vegeta. Even if you never surpass Goku, you
can still hold your head up high knowing that you are strong in your own way. That you
reached this point on your own without having teachers to guide you unlike Goku here."
Xeno Vegeta is left in genuine surprise by the young Saiyan's words. Surprised by how indepth he seemed to know him, know his story, his feelings, his motivations. Is his story wellknown across the multiverse or is it something else? Is he truly just a "simple traveler" like he
says he is or something more?
"Oh wow, he really knows you, Vegeta!" Xeno Goku exclaims, impressed by their new
friend's knowledge.
"Hmph." Vegeta huffs with his arms crossed.
"So, mind explaining what you two are doing here? Not that I'm against it or anything, I
actually enjoy your company." I said.
"We're here on a mission from the Supreme Kai of Time." Xeno Vegeta states. "We were sent
here to stop reality from unraveling."
"Oh that, yeah. His name is Rustyrose and he wants to use artifacts called Chaos Emeralds to
alter reality so that he can rule the multiverse as a god and turn all females into his sex
slaves." I explained.
The two Saiyans are slack jawed by the explanation.
"Uh… that's not who we're talking about." Xeno Goku reveals.
[What?]
"What?"
"We know not who this Rustyrose is, but thanks for giving us the heads up." Xeno Vegeta
said.
"Wait, didn't the Supreme Kai of Time say that Towa had an accomplice? Maybe this
Rustyrose is her partner." Xeno Goku suggests.
My eyes widened. "Did you say Towa?"

[And just like that, things are starting to make a lot more sense]
"Hm… maybe." That's when the two Saiyans feel a familiar power level. "Is that…?"
From out of nowhere, Perfect Cell appears between the three of us.
"Well, when I sensed that familiar energy I just HAD to come by and look who I found." Cell
smiles at the Saiyans. "Hello, Goku. Prince Vegeta."
"CELL!? WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE!?" Xeno Goku exclaims.
"Oh right, I should have warned you about him." I said. "You two don't need to worry about
Cell. Due to circumstances that I'm not gonna elaborate on, Cell was forced to become my
servant for the rest of eternity, and said servant status is impossible to break. The first order I
gave Cell was explicitly intended to curb out his homicidal tendencies, preventing him from
killing, crippling, torturing, or maiming innocent people, with the same extending to my
allies as an extra precaution."
Both Xeno Goku and Xeno Vegeta were surprised to hear this, though they still remained
somewhat apprehensive.
"Asmodeus, are you truly sure that Cell won't cause any issues?" Xeno Goku asked in a
serious tone.
"100% positive. Not even the Dragon Balls or even the Super Dragon Balls can break Cell's
servant status, and he can't go causing trouble without my permission." I assured the two
Saiyans, before looking at Cell.
"But, it's Cell." Xeno Goku repeats.
"You know I'm standing here, right?" Cell said, catching the Saiyan's attention.
"Well, looks like someone finally tamed you like the bug you are. Hurts, doesn't it?" Vegeta
taunts with a smirk.
"Vegeta…" Xeno Goku winced.
"Oh, don't worry, Vegeta. At least I'm not the one following Goku around like a pet." Cell
bites back.
Xeno Vegeta's eyebrow twitched. "What did you say?"
"Oh, has your hearing started to fail in your old age? I just called you Goku's pet monkey!"
Cell laughs.
The blood veins in Xeno Vegeta's forehead begin to pop out as he seethes in rage.
"Uh, Vegeta-" "Shut the fuck up, Kakarot!"
[Oh boy, this is not good]

"Um, Mr. Vegeta, maybe we should-" But I don't get to finish as Vegeta quickly goes [Super
Saiyan 4].
"I'M GONNA BREAK YOUR FACE!" Vegeta screams and throws a punch at the bioandroid, only for someone to catch it midway.
"Enough." I order, now on my own [Super Saiyan 4].
"No way." A wide-eyed Xeno Goku said.
"What!? You can go [Super Saiyan 4]!?" Vegeta exclaims, equally surprised.
"Stand down, Vegeta. Don't make me do something I'll regret." I told him.
Cell leans to the right. "I'd listen to him if I were you. He's a lot stronger than he seems."
"Oh really? Then let's see how strong he is." Xeno Vegeta smirks as he puts more strength
into his arm, only to find that his arm wouldn't budge. "What the!?"
"I won't ask again, Vegeta. Stand. Down." I ordered.
Xeno Vegeta grits his teeth as his frustration continues to rise.
"Vegeta," The prince turns to his fellow Saiyan. "Calm down. It's not worth it."
"Grr!" Xeno Vegeta growls before reverting back to normal.
I sigh. "Much better."
*SLAM!*
The elevator doors burst outwards and Erza, Kyôka, Ultear, Dimaria, Layla, Anna, 18, and 21
jump out of the smoke.
"Asmodeus-kun! We can as soon as we-" But Erza stops as she sees [Super Saiyan
4]. "Wow…"
All of them were caught off guard at the sight of [Super Saiyan 4, though almost
immediately all of them were heavily blushing with their eyes conveying heavy lust and
arousal.
"Wow indeed." Kyôka licks her lips.
"To think you had a form like this…" Layla whispers huskily while Anna and 21's pupils turn
into hearts.
Dimaria and Ultear shyly look away while 18 tries her hardest to hold back her blush, but
ultimately fails.
+23 Affection for Anna Heartfilia (100/100)

+23 Affection for Layla Heartfilia (100/100)
+20 Affection for Erza Scarlet (100/100)
+15 Affection for Android 21 (87/100)
+27 Affection for Super Android 18 (83/100)
+27 Affection for Ultear Mikolvich (86/100)
+17 Affection for Dimaria Yasta (77/100)
+30 Affection for Kyôka (74/100)
"What's wrong with them?" Xeno Goku looks confused at the sight.
Xeno Vegeta facepalms. "Goddammit, these females are in heat."
[Hot damn, SSJ4 strikes again!]
The time-traveling prince turns to me. "Are you doing this, boy?"
"Yeah, my [Super Saiyan 4] drives women crazy. It's kind of why I don't use it a lot." I admit
as I revert back to normal.
Xeno Goku laughs. "Man, you are weird!"
I sweat drop. "Gee, thanks Goku."
[Maybe you should get back on the original topic]
"I think we should get to your reason for being in this universe." I suggested.
"Right, right! I completely forgot about that!" Xeno Goku exclaims.
Xeno Vegeta facepalms and lets out a frustrated sigh.
Later
The Time Patrollers stand in the [Aincrad] control room with Asmodeus, Cell and the girls
as they explain their mission in detail.
"Towa escaped her prison and somehow managed to breach the veil that separates our section
of the multiverse from the rest." Xeno Goku began.
"And you believe this Towa person is here in Earthland?" Ultear asks.
"She is. We've been detecting odd energy surges along with ripples in space/time that can be
felt from the Time Nest. Most likely she is conducting some kind of time experiment." Xeno
Goku said.

"Unfortunately, we haven't been able to pick up her energy anywhere on this planet." Xeno
Vegeta adds.
"Can't you just ask this 'Supreme Kai of Time' for help?" Anna asks.
"We can't. It took everything she had to breach the veil long enough for the two of us to step
through." Xeno Vegeta revealed. "We're essentially on our own here until she can bring us
back."
"..." An idea comes to mind. "I may have something that can help."
Everyone turns their attention to me.
"Really?" Xeno Goku asks.
I nod and head towards the controls. They all watch as I type in something into the system.
"What are you doing?" Super 18 asks.
"If Rusty and Towa are conducting experiments, then that means they must be using the last
emerald for power." I explained.
21's eyes widened in realization. "... which there'll be an energy footprint for us to track!
Brilliant idea, sir!"
"And given that the Lunar Eclipse that Rusty intends to use with his scheme is near, he'll
likely be more exposed than before." I add before imputing the last lines of code.
"PROGRAM RECEIVED. BEGINNING TRACKING NOW." Handles states.
"What did you do?" Kyôka asked.
I turn my head to the group. "I reconfigured the [Aincrad] scanner to filter for [Chaos
Energy]. And since Rusty's practically swimming in this stuff, he'll have nowhere to hide."
*BEEP*
I look back and find no results. "Huh, that's odd. It seems Rusty's nowhere on Earthland."
"SUGGESTION: WIDEN SEARCH RANGE FOR OPTIMAL RESULTS."
"Do it then. And keep widening it until you find a match." I told the AI before the alarms
went off again. "Now what?"
"ATTENTION! SPACE-TIME DISTORTIONS DETECTED!" Handles projects a screen to
reveal the sky turning red as multiple portals with familiar creatures flying out of them.
"Those are… dragons!" Erza exclaims.
Vegeta steps forward and eyes the screen, focusing on the dragons.

More specifically, the apparatus that is mended into their heads with an "x" shape-like brand
in the middle.
"This is Towa's handiwork. She's using sorcery to mind control those reptiles." Vegeta states.
I turn to Erza's direction. "Erza, go rally all of Fairy Tail and prepare them for battle. Take
Jellal, Mercphobia, and Elefseria with you."
"Sure, but what about you and the others?" Erza asked in curiosity and concern.
"I-" "WARNING! MULTIPLE DISTORTIONS DETECTED!"
"What!?" I look up and see multiple portals appearing across the PLANET!
"W-What's going on!?" Dimaria stammers.
"Ishgar, Alakitasia, Guiltina… they're all being attacked!" I yelled.
"INCOMING TRANSMISSION FROM ELENTEAR."
"Fuck." I answer the Lacrima and see a familiar face. "What's going on, Yoko?"
"Asmodeus-sama! We're being attacked by monsters! We're doing everything we can, but I
don't know how much longer we can take!" Yoko screams out.
"Understood. I'll send help immediately." I said and hung up.
[If Elentear is being attacked, then there's no doubt he's hit Edolas too]
"Shit… alright, change of plans." I turn to everyone. "Erza, take Jellal and Fairy Tail and
head to Ishgar immediately. Kyôka, you and the Etherious are going to Alakitasia along with
August and Irene. 21 and 18 will go to Elentear along with Brandish, Dimaria, Belial,
Mammon and Sariel. Ultear, along with Ur, Konomi, Chun-Li, and Diana will go to Edolas.
Everybody else is staying to kill these flying fuckers." I notice that everyone hasn't moved.
"Well? What are y'all waiting for!? GO!"
The girls all quickly rush out of the control room, leaving only the Time Patrollers and I.
"I think we should help, too. There's no way we can let these innocent people get killed."
Xeno Goku states.
"Alright. You two head to the Groundbridge Terminal. That's where everyone should be." I
told him.
"And just where is this Groundbridge Terminal?" Xeno Vegeta asks.
"First right, second left, third right, and go straight ahead." I animatedly explain the
directions.
"What's there?" A confused Xeno Goku asked.

"The elevator. The terminal's on the eighth floor; shouldn't be too hard to follow." I said.
"Right. Let's go, Kakarot." Xeno Vegeta turns around and walks out.
"Wait, Vegeta!" Xeno Goku quickly follows his fellow Saiyan.
I turn around and get to work. "Handles, input coordinates to Ishgar, Alakitasia, Elentear, and
Edolas to Groundbridge route path."
"AFFIRMATIVE. INPUTTING SEQUENCING NOW." Handles states as a 3D diagram of
the Groundbridge is shown leading to five locations.
Ishgar - Magnolia Town
Dragons fly across the sky as they spew fire to the town below.
Buildings burn, citizens run as they scream for their lives to avoid certain death. The cries of
children can be heard in the distance, unsure where their parents are.
A young girl runs through the burning town but stumbles and falls on some debris.
She tries to get up but winces in pain, but before she can do anything, a large shadow looms
over her and freezes in place as a dragon stands before her.
Tears roll down as she begins to hyperventilate. "Please no…"
The dragon opens its maw, lunges at the human.
"AAAHHH!" The girl screams.
"[Fire Dragon Iron Fist]!"
"!" The girl sees a large fireball PUNCH the dragon's face, sending it tumbling by several
buildings. "That fire…"
A figure falls from the sky. "Hey kid. You okay?"
The perspective switches to show Natsu Dragneel with a signature grin.
"F… Fairy Tail…!" The girl's lips quiver as she starts crying harder.
"H-Hey! Why are you crying!?" A confused Natsu asks.
"I-I thought you were all…" The girl stammers as she tries to wipe her tears.
"Dead? Nah! We're Fairy Tail! We're too awesome to die!" Natsu smiles.
The girl looks at Salamander and nods with a smile.
"Natsu!" The two look back to see Lisanna and Wendy running towards them.

"Hold on! I'll heal you!" Wendy rushes to the girl and starts using her healing magic.
"You're… you're back." The girl said.
"Of course we're back. Why wouldn't we?" From a green portal, all of Fairy Tail emerges.
"This is our home. And we'll protect our home no matter what."
All around them, the members of Fairy Tail scatter throughout Magnolia, taking out the
dragons that were attacking the populace.
"That training that Aniki gave us really paid off, I'm not sure we would be even a quarter as
successful without it." Lisanna said in amazement, referring to Asmodeus as 'Aniki' ever
since she learned her older sister was one of his wives.
"Gya!" The three fairies turn to see a pride of dragons heading straight for them.
"All right!" Natsu smirks as his body ignites with crimson flames. "I'M ALL FIRED UP!"
Alakitasia - Alvarez
The capital of the Alvarez Empire burns as it is under siege. The dragons unleash their
destructive power from both the sky and ground, causing civilians to run away in panic.
"Damnit! Where the hell did these Dragons come from!?" Ajeel, the new emperor of the
Alvarez Empire, demands in frustration.
"I do not know, your Majesty, but there are too many and they are too powerful, even with
the aid of Invel and Neinhart." Jacob Lessio, another former Spriggan and Ajeel's bodyguard
informs him.
"Well, what do you expect?! We were in prison up until now and weren't exactly allowed to
train to maintain our strength!" Neinhart yells at them.
"Enough, Neinhart. What's important is stopping the dragons and saving the citizens of the
Empire." Invel told him in a serious tone.
Neinhart scoffed but ultimately stayed silent in response.
The two were quite surprised when Ajeel came up to them and offered a reduction in their
sentences in exchange for their assistance.
"Neinhart, can't you summon the spirits of August or Irene or even Zeref himself to aid us?"
Ajeel asks him.
"Don't you think I would have done it by now?! But for some reason, I can't! It shouldn't be
possible!" Neinhart angrily snaps back.
But before they could continue to argue, a larger pride of Dragons flew in while charging
their dragon breaths. However, to the surprise of everyone, a powerful blast manages to
decimate the incoming dragons.

"I always said that playing with the souls of the dead would lead to misfortune. Didn't I,
Neinhart?" A familiar female voice says, causing the four former Spriggans to turn their
heads, and to their shock, they see Irene, August, Larcade, and Bloodman ALIVE coming
through a green portal, followed closely by multiple other Etherious whom they quickly
recognized as the Demons of Zeref.
"So this is the Alvarez Empire that Zeref-sama had created. Impressive." Seilah said, looking
around the empire their creator had built, with most of the other Etherious nodding in
agreement.
"How…How is this possible!? You should all be dead!" Invel says, trying to process the
return of his formerly dead comrades.
"Oh, we were dead, that is for sure. But we got better." Irene says with a mischievous smile.
Ajeel sweat drops. "Ugh, it really is you, isn't it?"
"You have all been revived? Truly?" Jacob asks before turning his head away, flustered. "And
could you please put on proper clothing for once!?"
Irene's smile widens a bit. "Sorry, but that's not happening. My master happens to enjoy my
outfit."
The four former shields look at the enchanter confused. "Master?"
"Our new master, Asmodeus-sama, brought us back to life and has sent us to help protect the
entire continent." Larcade says with a smile.
"Indeed." Irene replies before looking at her four former comrades with a more serious
expression. "We can save the reunions for later, right now we need to focus on stopping this
invasion."
"Right!" They all agree and head into battle.
Elentear - Whiteout Village
A blizzard rains down as dragons rampage across the land, some are frozen into ice statues
while the more resilient ones continue their dance of destruction while fighting off against
various Yokai.
"MIMI IS IMMOVABLE!" Mimi cries out as she descends from the sky and hits the
ground like an asteroid, shattering all of the frozen dragons in the process.
"C'mon, move it people! We don't have time to daddle!" Yoko yells at the villagers as she
stands on top of her Fire Cart Yokai to guide them out of the mountain range. "I can't believe
those idiots are having me do ground control! Me, [Yoko of the Demons' Parade]! I should
be out there!"
*BOOM!*
She whips her head back to see the untold destruction in the background.

"Asmodeus-sama… please come soon." Yoko silently begged.
Hakune, in her Battle Form, grits her teeth in anger as some of the dragons keep resisting her.
"How dare these beasts… defy my art!? I shall show them what it means to fear the winter!"
She creates a seemingly endless amount of ice shards hanging in the sky almost as if they
were on strings. "[Diamond Effect]!"
The ice shards rain down on the mountain like bullets, piercing everything with deadly
precision as if they were alive.
The dragons have no way to defend themselves, their bodies turning into ice pincushions in
an instant, the snow crimson red with their blood.
Hakune giggles at her handiwork before evolving into a mad cackle. "This is what you filthy
beasts deserve! To be nothing but part of my frozen garden! HAHAHAHAHAHA!"
Her satisfaction is short-lived, however, as the number of Dragons continues to increase and
begin pushing back against the Moonlight Divinities.
"Dammit, their numbers aren't decreasing! We aren't gonna last much longer!" Yoko said,
rushing to aid her companions after evacuating all the villagers.
"I hope the help Asmodeus-sama sends will show up soon!" Hakune growls in frustration.
"I will hold them back!" Mimi says proudly as she charges her Spiria only to get caught off
guard and pinned down by a large group of dragons, much to the other's shock and horror.
"Mimi!" Hakune cries out in evident worry.
Dragons begin to encircle them, their intense and predatory gaze speaks of only one thing:
death.
Yoko keeps her staff close as they are completely boxed in. "We're surrounded!"
However, before the dragons can consume their prey, a series of explosions blast them apart,
instantly turning them into fleshy bits.
The perspective cuts to a smoking white glove and it zooms out to reveal the familiar scowl
of Xeno Vegeta standing beside the Ground Bridge.
"Hmph, child's play. Not worthy of a challenge." Vegeta scoffs.
From the vortex soon steps out Androids 18 and 21, Brandish, Dimaria, Belial, Mammon and
Sariel.
"C-C-Cold!" Belial stammers, her hands rubbing her torso in an attempt to stay warm.
"I don't know what you're complaining about. I feel fine." Brandish said.

"Me too." Dimaria adds.
"18 and I are Androids, so our bodies are built to deal with dangerous conditions." 21 said.
"The light of Heaven protects me from all things." Sariel states.
"It's your own fault for dressing like a pervert, Belial." Mammon digs into her cleavage and
pulls out a vial. "Here. Drink this and it'll keep you warm for a few hours."
Belial quickly takes the potion and drinks it, immediately the effects kick in and her body
temperature is back to normal. "Thank you, Mammon."
"That'll be 300,000 gold pieces. Up front." Mammon said.
"You cheapskate!" Belial cried.
Vegeta grumbles as the two demons argue. He would rather take Bulma's nagging than this.
"Enough!" Vegeta yells, silencing the two girls. "We are here on a mission. You should focus
on that instead of your stupid money problems!"
"Money is important, you asshole!" The two demons yell at the Saiyan Prince.
"While harsh, Vegeta raises a valid point." 21 says. "Asmodeus-kun sent us here to help the
inhabitants of Elentear from this invasion, so we need to focus."
"I'd rather not deal with whatever sick and dangerous surprises that bastard Rusty and this
Towa person may have, so save your discussion for when we get back." 18 agreed.
"Excuse me." The group's attention shifts to Yoko and Hakune. "Are you all the help that
Asmodeus-sama sent to aid us?"
"Correct. We're here to deal with pest control!" Brandish says before she and the others
prepare to enter the battle.
"P-Please wait! Our friend is trapped underneath-" But before Yoko can finish, a familiar
voice echoes in the snow.
"[Mimi Hurricane]!" The dragon corpses suddenly shoot upwards as a hurricane flies out
and lands in front of the girls revealing a still alive but bloodied Mimi.
"Mimi!" Hakune chirps before her face cringes with disgust. "You stink!"
"It is because of the dragon's blood. Mimi needs a shower." Mimi said.
As they talk, more dragons rain down from the distortion in the sky.
"Are you all done? Because it's time to fight!" Vegeta yelled, drawing everyone's attention
back to the invasion before charging in.
Edolas - Royal City

"Open fire!" Cannons can be seen firing from the city walls at the dragons, but have minimal
effect.
"Dammit, and here I was thinking I would never face magical threats ever again after
returning home. Now we're being forced to fight legions of arguably the most powerful
magical race." King Mystogan curses as he watches his soldiers fail to keep the dragons at
bay.
While Edolas made advancements in steam-powered technology, it is still far, far weaker
compared to Lacrimas. Right now their weaponry is primitive, lacking the power to kill these
monsters. Even with the added manpower of this world's Fairy Tail, it just wasn't enough.
"I wish Fairy Tail was here." Mystogan grimaced. "Dammit! I wish I could do more than just
watch…!"
"Well then, you'll just have to settle for the next best thing, yes?" Mystogan whips back and
sees a green portal of sorts and out of it comes a beautiful woman with short white hair
before a couple more beauties follow suit.
"W-Who are you all!?" Mystogan asked.
The white-haired woman steps forward. "Hi, my name is Ur and we're friends with Fairy
Tail." She introduces herself, causing Mystogan's eyes to widen in surprise. "You're
Mystogan, right? We were sent here to help you deal with this invasion, so I hope you won't
mind our assistance."
Mystogan blinks at her explanation. They're going to help.
"Mind? Of course I don't mind! Any help is great help!" Mystogan exclaims, renewed hope
quickly blooming within him.
On cue, a man with a bizarre-looking hairstyle and wearing a custom Gi steps out of the
portal before it closes.
"Wow, I didn't think anyone other than the Kais could create portals to go anywhere across
time and space, yet that Asmodeus guy has something that can do that with ease!" Xeno
Goku said in an impressed tone. "Bulma would be so jealous."
"I'm a little surprised Asmodeus sent you with us, considering that he and the rest of us just
met you." Chun-Li admits in a curious tone.
"The way that Asmodeus-sama spoke about him sounded like he admired Goku-san and
Vegeta-san, and given that they were sent to stop this Towa individual who is apparently
allied with that piece of shit Rusty, that should be enough for Goku-san to be considered an
ally." Ultear explained to the others.
"In any case, it's good to have another skilled and noble warrior on our side given the stakes,
but right now we need to focus on stopping these enemies and saving lives." Diana said in a
serious tone, drawing nods of agreement from everyone.

"I've fought against the Shadow Dragons, and I can tell that these guys don't come close to
their level." The Time Patroller narrows his eyes. "There's another energy, but I can't pinpoint
where it is exactly."
"Do you think they are related to the invasion?" Konomi asks the Saiyan.
"No doubt. Even if I can't track them, I recognize their foul energy." Xeno Goku says.
"Let's focus on one thing at a time, guys. We gotta stop these dragons and save the city." Ur
says. "This is it everybody. Remember your training and the abilities you gained thanks to
Asmodeus-kun! Let's put them to good use so we can stop that bastard Rusty once and for
all!"
"YEAH!" The girls yell and they all fly off to battle.
"I can only hope they are enough to save Edolas." Mystogan said while looking in their
direction.
Back in the Aincrad
I watch from the control room as everyone engages in battle.
"They're doing great. Those dragons may as well be roaches to them." I said with a smile.
[What did you expect? Those three years in the chamber weren't just for show]
"I guess it helps that they were definitely motivated, ESPECIALLY the girls." I
acknowledged in an impressed tone.
[Considering that a victory for Rustyrose means either death or an eternity of slavery as
his brainwashed sex dolls, it was a no-brainer]
I pull up live footage of Guiltina and see both Mechphobia and Elefseria fighting the wave in
their dragon forms. Thanks to the training he underwent, the Water Dragon God managed to
regain more of his power, enough to allow him to transform back into his true form but his
attacks are much, MUCH weaker than when Team Natsu fought him.
"For now, we are holding our own, but Rusty and Towa likely have more hidden aces up their
sleeve. This is likely only the beginning, and I'm afraid of the possibility that they did this
more for the sake of dividing our forces to make it easier to steal the Chaos Emeralds from us
or make it easier to subdue the others due to being split up." I said in a concerned tone.
[That definitely sounds like the strategy of a typical crafty antagonist, but it's not like
the Aincrad is completely defenseless. In addition to the security measures, you have
several individuals stationed here, including Cell and Merlin, not to mention you
yourself are here guarding the Emeralds]
"ALERT: MULTIPLE HOSTILES DETECTED." A screen appears showing the dragon
horde coming straight for me.

"Well… it seems Rusty has sent me a gift." I comment before smiling. "This is a great
opportunity to try out my skills in combat."
[You sure about this? If you aren't careful, you may obliterate the entire continent]
"Eh, we'll be fine." But then my expression furrows with confusion. "Although… I have an
odd feeling that we're forgetting something."
[Or someone]
My eyes widened as I remembered. "Shit! I completely forgot about them!" I quickly use
Instant Transmission and teleport out.
Meanwhile, in Drameel's Inn
Touka watches from the window as the townspeople run away in fear.
"W-What's happening out there?" An anxious Faris asks from her bed.
Suddenly, they sense a presence and someone spontaneously appears in their rooms, making
them jump in fright.
"Kya!" The two scream out, Faris falls out of her bed.
"Oh good, you're awake." I said.
Faris looks up and quickly recognizes the person's face. "Y-You!"
"No time! I'm getting you two out of here." I grab both of them and teleport out of the inn
before reappearing in a different furnished room.
"Wh… where are we?" Touka asks, perplexed about what transpired.
"Basically, you're in my house and I completely forgot about your existence." I bowed at the
two of them. "I hope you can forgive me."
The girls were just so confused right now.
I straighten myself. "Now, you'll be safe as long as you two stay here. Don't wander off."
With that, I walk out of the room.
The Elentear native and her Exceed look at each other. "Do you have any idea what just
happened?"
"I have no idea." Faris replied.
I make my way towards the palace entrance. "Handles. Open the palace doors."
"AFFIRMATIVE."
Later

I stand at the edge of the palace garden as a wave of flying creatures can be seen in the
horizon.
[For the record, I don't approve of this. If you do blow up Guiltina, that's on you]
I take a deep breath and raise my arm.
Judging the concept of creation.
Hypothesizing the basic structure.
Duplicating the composition material.
Imitating the skill of its making.
Sympathizing with the experience of its growth.
Reproducing the accumulated years.
Excelling every manufacturing process.
"Trace... On!" A burst of dark energy appears and from it, a matte black, western-style
straight bow in my right hand.
[Archer's Bow] - Rank: B
Archer EMIYA's iconic bow, one the rare items in EMIYA's arsenal that is a completely
original weapon. While not having any special abilities, its composition and
construction allow it to handle the strain of firing Noble Phantasms as well as other
high-powered projectiles.
From my left hand, a two-handed, golden greatsword with a blue jewel embedded in the hilt
that boasts a magnificence and enormity that makes it seem as if it was created by inhuman
hands.
The sword transforms into a longer, thinner version of itself. The handguard becomes
smoother, more easier and comfortable to grab. The jewel hidden in the hilt is exposed,
shining brightly as it builds up insane levels of power.
[Balmung] - Rank: A
The sword of the legendary dragon knight Siegfried, who received it from the
Nibelungen family as payment for helping them divide up and distribute their treasure.
He used it to kill the Dragon Fafnir and as such has gained notoriety as a [Dragon
Slayer] and such, it is the bane to all dragonkind.
590,877 Damage(x700 when fighting dragons)
"I am… the Shadow of my Blade." I raise the projection up to the bow, transforming it into
an arrow as I pull back the string and take aim. The sword begins to emanate a twilight aura

that surges from the blade enveloping it like a sheath.
"Balmung!" I roar as I release my grip.
My aim is true as the [Broken Phantasm] breaks the sound barrier and leaves behind a
flaming cyan trail before reaching the horde.
At first, nothing happens, but then stars of light appear and suddenly the ENTIRE landscape
is engulfed in light, swallowing everything it can without stopping.
The world seemingly stops dead in its tracks as everyone witnesses an immense light on the
horizon, like the coming of a second sun.
In Alvarez, the reunited Spriggan 12 and the Etherious stop as they sense the insane magical
power coming from beyond the continent. It is stronger than Zeref, no, that's not right.
It is BEYOND Zeref.
"What the hell is that!?" Ajeel demands.
Irene smiles at the horizon. "That… is my husband."
In Ishgar, Fairy Tail watches with smirks as they knew full well the source of that power.
"Asmodeus-kun…" Mira lovingly whispers his name.
The blast radius is so big it can even be seen from space.
"Hahahaha!" I laugh with excitement as I cover my eyes from the intense light. The shields
protect the [Aincrad] from the incoming shockwaves, which destroys everything around us.
[Take it easy there. You may have full access to your Reality Marble, but if you aren't
careful, you really WILL blow up Guiltina]
"Sorry, but I just can't help it!" I said between chuckles. "Facing my inner self might have
been one hell of a challenge, but it was worth it!"
"WARNING: FOREIGN ENERGY SIGNATURES INBOUND."
Something shoots out from the explosion and makes its way straight for me.
"Raise the shields to maximum!" I ordered.
*BOOM!*
Something hits the shield, resulting in an explosion that shakes the flying fortress.
When the smoke clears, I let out a sigh of relief to see that the shield is still intact. That is
until I turned to the direction of the attack, and I was dumbstruck by who I saw.

Flying in my line of sight instead of the dragons was a short anthropomorphic reptilian-like
individual whose skin is platinum in color, his eyes glow dark pink and appear to be empty,
and he has the Time Breaker's broken infinity on his forehead.
Name: Frieza
Title: Lord Frieza, Freezer, Emperor of the Universe, Agent of Destruction, Puppet of
the Demon Goddess
Level: 600
Affiliation: Time Breakers, Demon Realm
HP: 52,044,566
MP: 0
SP: 58,921,441
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: none
"And here I thought Rusty was only after a woman's butt, I guess even a demon like Towa
needs relief every once in a while. Hehehe." I chuckle at my own joke. "Still, I didn't think I
would get to fight Frieza here, but I suppose if Goku and Vegeta are here, you would also
turn up eventually." A wide smile appears on my face. "I'm getting excited."
The Frieza clone raises his hand at the barrier and pours its foul Ki into it, causing it to erode
before my eyes.
"ALERT: CORROSION DETECTED. SHIELD INTEGRITY AT 89%."
"I can see that, Handles, thanks for the heads up." I said.
"ATTENTION: SIMILAR ENERGY SIGNATURES DETECTED AT GROUND BRIDGE
COORDINATES."
Magnolia
Team Natsu glare fiercely as the massive body of Ignia looms over them along with a man
that can only be described as pure muscle with robust, spiky-unruly hair and pupilless hot
pink eyes along with a psychotic smile. He is shirtless while wearing white pants with a red
sash draped around his waist and secured by a yellow belt with a blue gem-center. He also
wears similar yellow boots with a blue gem at the top and the front. His most defining feature
though is the evil aura surrounding him, changing his body color to a shade of white and a
broken infinity symbol on his head, the same one Ignia has.
"... hey, Macao." Wakaba calls his friend.

"Yeah?"
"We're fucked, aren't we?"
"Yup!"
The two monsters let out an earth-shattering roar, their evil energy spreading across the
continent.
Alvarez
Irene and Seilah stare in apprehension at the enemy before them. He is a tall, lean man and
has the appearance of a young man with a perpetual smirk on his face. He has dark purple
hair that is long and wavy, reaching his shoulders even whilst the majority is tied up in a very
large ponytail and messy bangs that all but obscure his pink, pupilless eyes.
He wears a long, black jacket trimmed with a light-colored flame pattern; the lapels are a
matching lighter color as well. The cuffs of his jacket are rolled up, revealing a light-colored
inside, which contrasts the black outside of his jacket, and have a black line cutting through
the edge of the fabric. The jacket itself is tattered and splits into four torn fabric segments at
the tail. Beneath the jacket, he wears a frilly black V-necked shirt, lined in a lighter color, that
closes down the middle and is adorned with a buckle just below his clavicle, with lightcolored pants that lay lazily over the top of rather plain black boots and have, on each leg, a
seam running down the middle, as well as two pairs of buckles that form an X on the thigh
and lower calf.
The other person was new to them. She is a beautiful woman with fair skin and long, vibrant
red hair like Erza. Her outfit consists of a slim short black dress that hugs her extremely
voluptuous figure and large assets, with a white haori with a black outline on the edges and
red whirlpool swirls on both of her shoulders, with a full-body fishnet underneath the dress
and was visible on her legs.
What's consistent about them though are their dark aura, pale color palette, and the glowing
broken infinity symbol on their foreheads.
"Mard-sama…" Seilah mutters.
Irene narrows her eyes at the lookalike of her daughter. "This is definitely that pervert's work,
no doubt. But to think he would go so far as to make a clone of my daughter is beyond
disturbing."
"I do not think she is a clone of Erza Scarlet, Irene-san. Her energy feels… different. Like
there are multiple sources meshed together inside her." Seilah's eyes then widened. "It's
almost like-"
"Like Asmodeus-sama." Frustration's clear in Irene's face and tone. "This will prove to be
challenging."
The two then charge into battle.

Guiltina
Mercphobia and Elefseria look in disbelief at the being standing before them. It is a massive
dragon whose body is composed entirely of rock with a mountain-like jaw and two horns
above its head along with a broken infinity symbol branded in the middle.
On top of said head is Goryu, who is sporting the same overwhelming evil power as the
dragon.
"Dogramag… impossible. You are dead!" Elefseria exclaims.
"No, he likely led you to believe that so that he could employ his agenda undisturbed.
He was always the sneakiest out of the six of us." Mechphobia states before eying the
familiar woman on top. "And it seems he brought a dance partner."
Goryu pulls out her katana as she activates her [Mangekyō Sharingan].
Elentear
"Of all the people that bastard could use, why did he have to bring you back?!" Brandish
yelled in an enraged tone at one of the newcomers.
Said newcomer was a ghastly looking man with curly hair held back by a headband, with
scars on both sides of his cheeks and bags under his eyes. He wore a long white robe with a
long purple waistcoat with a black trim and a golden collar, along with large baggy violet
pants.
He also had a menacing aura surrounding him and a broken infinity symbol on his forehead.
Next to him is an extremely beautiful woman with curly black and white hair, wearing a red
tiara that adorned her face.
For attire, she wears a shoulder less white leotard that clung to her extremely curvaceous and
well-endowed hourglass figure that exposed a fairly large amount of her K-cup breasts, and
were further complemented with fishnets on her legs and arms, black gloves, black heels, and
a red cape attached to a black collar.
Both have hot pink pupilless eyes and a broken infinity symbol on their foreheads.
"Isn't that Zoldeo from Grimoire Heart!? I thought he was dead!" Dimaria comments.
"Well, he's not. And I'm glad." Dimaria flinches as she sees her friend's dark smile and her
body burst with power.
"Because now I can FINALLY have my revenge for killing my MOTHER!" Brandish yelled.
Edolas
"Ahhh!" Erza Knightwalker is seen crashing into the floor, her broken spear laying next to
the crater as three shadows loom over it.

The view shifts to show a group of three girls. The first is a beautiful and curvy woman with
long blonde hair that she styles into two braided pigtails, a large forelock, and a scar on her
left cheek. She wears a sleeveless green thong leotard and a turtleneck that hugs tightly to her
J-cup breasts with a Delta Red triangle insignia on her left breast. She wears a red beret on
her head, red socks and black calf-high combat boots, and red gauntlets. Her legs were
decorated with marks of green camouflage paint.
Next to her is another woman with black hair that she styles into two horns on top of her
head, which appear to be held in place with pink ribbons. Her outfit consists of a purple
dudou on her chest, supported by eight straps that meet on her back to form a spider pattern.
She wears long, baggy, off-white sweatpants and purple tights that clung to her curvy and
well-endowed body, as well as long, fingerless gloves. Her fingernails and toenails are
painted bright pink. She wears taekwondo foot wraps on her feet.
The final member is a tall woman with short blonde hair with a highly athletic but slender
and curvy physique and wears a leg-baring, figure-hugging, long-sleeved white leotard with a
keyhole cut-out opening in the chest that exposes her large L-cup breasts. She wears blue
gloves and blue boots, a red belt around the waist, and a short red cape that she wears on her
left shoulder.
Chun-Li and Diana rush in and are shocked to see the trio along with the downed form of
Edolas Erza before noticing their pale complexion along with the broken infinity symbol and
the evil aura surrounding them.
"Cammy… Juri…" Chun-Li whispers in horror.
Diana's grip on her sword tightens at the sight of her comrade reduced to this state. "Karen, I
will free you from this curse… I swear!"
The trio of women charge forward. Chun-Li and Diana ready themselves for battle.
Back in the Aincrad
"Well damn. They're really going all out here." I remark.
"ALERT: SHIELD INTEGRITY AT 45%. SHIELD FAILURE IMMINENT."
The shield fades away and Frieza takes the first step on the palace threshold.
I clap. "Well done, Rusty, you finally decided to play seriously." I mentally undid my
shackles and let my power loose. "But this is where the real fun starts."
Frieza growls as its eyes flash red and releases more power.
"Alright!" I transform into [Super Saiyan 4]. "I'm gonna enjoy this!"
Author Notes

And that's part one of Fairy Tail's three-part finale. I wanted to give more meaning to gaining
access to the Reality Marble, and my mind immediately went to Persona since it's about the
materialization and projection of his true self and stuff.
I really tried to visualize what Asmodeus' Shadow Self should look like, but it was pretty
hard. It was originally gonna be a fusion of all his different forms, and it still is, but I thought
it should have an unsettling and sickly feel when he sees it rather than being frightened by it.
I did go a little overboard with Shadow's words, pouring a bit of my feelings from my high
school days.
Yeah, my school life was absolute dogshit.
Also, what do you think of the Shadow Self rejecting the original instead of the other way
around? I thought it was an interesting idea.
The other two chapters are already done, I just need to check and edit any mistakes, so don't
worry.
But yeah, the next chapter will be all about fighting, so look forward to it.
Peace~

Chapter 29: Fairy Tail: Battle for Three Worlds
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime.
Aincrad
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
Sonic booms can be heard high above the floating fortress, its shockwaves traveling
throughout the continent.
To the civilians it felt like earthquakes… or the dragon gods ransacking another town.
Well… one of them is only half-true.
Frieza throws a punch at the ascended Saiyan, only for him to catch it with ease, all while
sporting a bored look on his face.
"Really? Is this the limit of your strength?" I headbutted the bastard before quickly finishing
with an ax kick, sending the bastard crashing straight to the earth below like a meteor.
"Seriously, how are you losing to me in SSJ4? That Golden form of yours can go toe-to-toe
with [Super Saiyan Blue] and yet you're losing to a person who's not even using any [God
Ki]. Frankly, I'm embarrassed to even be near you right now."
Just then, the crater explodes outwards with massive power and Frieza rockets out of it,
sporting an angry expression on his face.
[I guess even a mindless state he is still the same ol' Frieza we know and love]

Frieza fires his Death Beams at me but they simply get absorbed before charging a Double
Sunday and throwing it at him. As the two energy waves grow closer however, they collide
and explode mid flight, creating a smokescreen and blinding the conqueror.
"You know I'm still not used to fighting in this form, given that I barely use it. I hope you
don't mind if I use you as my punching bag."
Frieza suddenly ducks, narrowly avoiding a black ki sword from decapitating him. He goes
for an uppercut but I conjure another ki sword in my right hand and slash his chest before
retaliating with an energy beam at point blank.
I reappear behind him and deliver a series of kicks that throw him off balance but Frieza fires
a Full-Powered Energy Wave, pushing me back and allowing him to make some distance.
He raises his right arm and lights a spark of energy on his index finger. The spark grows
massive, becoming a chaotic sphere of dark purple energy that is the size of the moon.
[Are we sure he is not brainwashed? This seems like something Frieza would definitely
do]
Frieza throws his arm down, and the Death Ball quickly makes its descent towards me at high
speeds.
I raise my hands and catch the attack as I use [Energy Manipulation] to absorb it into
myself completely.
"HAAA!" Red energy starts to converge around me until my body glows red with power.
"This is [Full-Powered Super Saiyan 4]." My muscles tense as power flows through my
veins like a waterfall. "Out of all my Saiyan forms, SSJ4 has the most potential, but I still
have a long way to go before I completely master it."
Frieza raises his hands and creates two large sun-like spheres, a blue one on his left hand and
red on his right. He throws them and they merge, becoming a massive red sun with a ring of
smaller blue suns orbiting around it.
"Ha!" I use Gravity Impact to stop the attack's descent and throw them right back at Frieza.
He tries to push the attack back but his output just couldn't match that of his opponent's.
Thinking fast, Frieza raises its index finger and gathers energy in the form of a giant yelloworange, sun-looking energy sphere and throws it at the incoming attack.
*BOOM!*
The two energy attacks collide, canceling each other out in a massive explosion that rockets
the [Aincrad] back due to how close it was.
Frieza rockets out of the smoke, trying desperately to get away but grinds to a halt as the
smirking Gamer appears in front of him.

"Leaving so soon?" I mockingly ask before showering the conqueror with a rain of punches
before sending him crashing to the earth with Infinity Bullets.
[Are you done playing around now? Don't forget we have a job to do]
"Oh I remember, all right." I said, completely unfazed. "It's just… I don't know how to
describe it. I want this to last. I want to see how far Frieza can push me. What sort of power I
can unlock if we continue to fight like this."
[Tch! You really have gained a Saiyan mindset. Just remember that we're on a time
limit here]
"Fine." I groaned. I really wanted to enjoy myself. Golden Frieza is likely one of the few
beings I know that can likely tank my attacks and survive, with Platinum Cell on that list.
But Tobi's correct, I am on a tight schedule and don't really have time to play.
I stop my attack and begin to concentrate. The red glow around my body intensifies before
releasing it in an explosive wave.
Frieza bursts from the ground once more, his body bloodied as it is covered in lacerations,
bruises and burns, as he surrounds himself in a gold energy sphere rockets towards his
opponent with the intent of ramming him.
"It was fun fighting you, Frieza. But right now, I have bigger priorities than you, so I'm afraid
playtime is over." I said before charging up an [Orb of Destruction] thanks to my [Power of
Destruction] perk.
I launch it at Frieza and he tries to dodge but it was too late as it quickly ensnares him and is
instantly turned to dust.
You have defeated Frieza! You have gained 10,003,311 EXP! You have earned 9,909,111
Credits!
Level Up!(x82)
"Goodbye, Frieza. You were a good sparring partner." I said with genuine sadness.
*BOOM!*
The entire fortress shakes violently as a large blast shoots out from below the flying castle.
"Shit! Don't tell me this was a distraction!?" I expand my senses to locate where the
explosion came from. "Found them. It came from the engine room." With that, I use Instant
Transmission to beeline towards my destination.
Earlier - Emerald Altar
Alarms sound off as the entire room turns red.

"ALERT! SPACE/TIME DISTORTION DETECTED!"
Just then, space begins to twist and distort as a figure emerges.
Standing in front of the middle of the bridge is a man that could probably be described as
handsome with short black hair except for the right half of his face which is heavily scarred,
resembling wrinkles that one would find when something is crushed under something very
heavy. His outfit includes a pair of black pants and gloves, with a white form-fitting shirt
underneath. Over this he wears a purple, high-collared, long sleeve mantle that splits down
the lower half and has the Uchiha crest on the back. Around his waist he wears a simple,
light-purple obi and a belt. On his left hand is a large purple non-folding fan called
a [Gunbai] with black trimmings and black tomoe, connected to a black chain that runs up
his right sleeve.
"UNAUTHORIZED LIFEFORM DETECTED! LETHAL FORCE IS AUTHORIZED."
Multiple weapons sprout from all directions and are aimed at the intruder.
The man starts waving hand seals at fast speeds. "[Fire Release: Phoenix Sage Fire
Technique]."
The man takes a breath and spits a volley of small fireballs into the air, hitting all of the
weapons in succession without a single one firing.
The charcoaled and melted metal falls on the floor with a loud clang.
"Excellent work, my dear Obito. I was concerned if we could bypass the defenses, but it
appears that my worries were unwarranted." A feminine voice said.
From the distortion, another figure quickly comes through. It's Towa.
"It seems that dear Asmodeus did not account for enemies who possess [Spatial
Manipulation]. How very short-sighted of him." Towa giggles as she looks up at the altar
just ahead. "To think such beautiful gems hold absolute power, the power to change an entire
universe via thought alone, it's almost ridiculous." She then eyes the larger gem in the middle.
"Rustyrose never mentioned anything about a larger variant existing. I wonder if it is stronger
than the smaller ones."
"ALERT! ALERT! DEFENSE SYSTEMS NONFUNCTIONAL. SENDING DISTRESS
SIGNAL NOW."
"No. We won't be having any of that now." Towa plunges her staff on the floor, causing
purple energy to quickly travel across the room like a virus.
"E-ROR! E-e-Ro-Ror!" Handles garbled in a broken voice while the room's lights fluctuated
in and out.
"Now, let's collect my prize before my dear Asmodeus decides to interfere." Towa eyes
narrow as she senses a familiar [Ki] signature closing in. "Oh, too late."
Perfect Cell appears with Athena holding onto his shoulder tight.

She gives the newcomers a sickeningly sweet smile. "... Perfect Cell. How gracious of you to
greet me with your presence again." She then eyes Athena. "And you brought a friend.
How… sweet."
Athena lets go of her big brother and transforms her hands into curved energy blades.
"Identify yourselves at once." Athena demands.
Obito said nothing.
"Forgive him. I only programmed him to follow my commands." Towa apologizes. "I am
Towa, the Demon Queen. If you two swear your fealty to me now, I will give you anything
you desire~"
Cell laughs. "Nice try, woman. But I'm not gonna fall for the same trick twice." His smile
instantly turns into a scowl. "Now get the hell out of my sight before I turn that pretty face of
yours into bloody paste."
Towa just laughs at the threat.
"You think the two of you are any match for me? That's cute." She arrogantly states. "Now
get out of my way and I might just let you both live."
"I'm afraid that isn't happening, my dear Towa. Even if I wasn't bound by Asmodeus' order to
protect this place, I would rather die than let you or Rustyrose claim the Chaos Emeralds for
yourselves after you betrayed me." Cell says while flaring his power.
Towa puts a hand up to her face and sighs. "Good grief. I try to be charitable and this is how
it turns out?" She then lowers it and gives the two a fierce glare. "Kill them."
Obito charges at inhuman speeds and about to strike Cell with his [Gunbai].
However, the attack is blocked by Athena and her swords.
"Do not underestimate us." Athena opens her mouth and fires an energy beam at Obito, but
his enhanced senses allow him to dodge it just before it hits.
"[Wood Release: Cutting Technique]." Sharp wooden spikes shoot out from his right sleeve
and rocket towards Athena.
Through her eyes, Athena sees the incoming projectiles and calculates their speed and mass
and quickly slices through them all with even greater speed.
She rockets at Obito at blinding speeds but Obito blocks it with his fan. Athena pulls her right
arm back and transforms it back into a normal hand before it starts glowing with blue energy.
"[Super God Fist]!" Athena delivers a powerful punch at the [Gunbai, breaking it and hits
Obito in the face, sending flying to a wall.
"!?" Towa looks shocked at the sight of her doll being beaten by an inferior creation.

Cell smiles. "Well done, Athena. It seems our training wasn't a complete waste after all."
Athena turns to Cell and bows. "Thank you, Aniki. I am only here now because of you and
Asmodeus-san."
"Hn."
Towa grits her teeth before a loud thud grabs her attention and sees Obito on the ground.
"Get up… Get up this instant!" She orders her doll.
Cell shifts his attention to the demon and smirks.
"Still think we are easy prey, Towa?" He taunts.
Towa glares at the Bio-Android.
"Just so you know, Asmodeus never forbade me from killing his enemies, and given that you
are allied with that annoying rat, you more than fit the profile." Cell smirks.
Towa's anger reaches its boiling point and kneels beside her puppet.
"To think I would have to resort to this. But I suppose this was inevitable." Towa pulls out a
syringe with green liquid from her cleavage and quickly stabs the syringe and injects the doll
with the solution.
Immediately, Obito screams in pain. The sounds of bones breaking and skin tearing are heard
as he grows, turning into a monster that towers over everyone with elongated limbs and a
twisted neck. Its eyes, nose, mouth, and ears arrayed across its head and in place of hair it has
a crown of horns with black tips at their ends.
"AAAARRRRRRGGGGGGG!" Obito bellows as his shadow looms over the two androids.
"The two of you will be great guinea pigs for my serum. Don't think things will be so easy
now." Towa said in a confident tone.
Athena gets ready for the confrontation before glancing at Cell, who looks absolutely done
with it all.
"This is just sad, you know that? You continuously attempt the same thing over and over. You
kidnap people, modify them, and send them after us only for them to end up dead or join us."
He lets out a tired sigh. "Really. For someone so smart, you can't see the writing on the wall.
Hell, the pink brat could see and he's a total moron."
"And what, pray tell, is that?" Towa signals her giant to attack.
Obito charges at Cell, who fires a ki blast at his chest, resulting in a massive explosion that
destroys him completely.

Towa covers her face as smoke and burned flesh spread everywhere. "Impossible!" She didn't
have time to register Cell flickering in front of her and grabbing her face tight.
"That these puppets of yours are only using half of their potential." Cell spat. "You take
everything from them. Every muscle, every CELL, they train and build themselves through
their lifetime of intense battles. But you use them like they're second-hand toys, destroying
the very THING that makes them powerful!"
He then lifts her up, his grip slowly crushing Towa's skull. "Guh!"
"You think you know their power, but you will NEVER understand their motivation, their
drive! Even the computer that made me understood that!" Cell yells at her. "No matter what
modifications you and your boy toy employ, they are nothing compared to the experience and
drive of a warrior, the determination to surpass everything!"
In Towa's mind, Cell's figure grows and as his shadow completely eclipses her, a sign of his
dominating presence.
"In short, you will NEVER beat us." Cell then throws Towa away, letting her crash onto the
metal floor next to her staff.
Towa slowly reaches for it and pulls it out from the floor before giving Cell a hateful glare.
"... spare me the lecture. You act so high and mighty now only because you have a new
owner. But don't forget… YOU were the one who helped us kidnap them in exchange for the
power you now hold!" Towa points out.
Cell narrows his eyes as Towa uses her magic to quickly heal herself.
"Besides," Towa removes the dust off her dress. "My role here is done."
"?" Cell and Athena are confused as they notice Towas fading away.
"Give my dear Asmodeus a message. Tell him he needs to look his best when we finally
meet." With that, Towa vanishes where she stood.
Just then, Asmodeus teleports in and surveys the room and sees the destruction as well as
traces of evil ki along with foreign energy.
"What the hell happened here?" I asked Cell in a serious tone.
"Towa happened." Cell crosses his arms. "She used one of her toy dolls to bypass security in
an attempt to steal the emeralds."
"She was here?" I blink at the information. "Who was the doll that accompanied her?"
"Some weak human with a giant fan with half of his face scarred, like it was crushed."
Athena states.
I think of anyone who fits that description and my eyes widen. "Obito."

"You know that man, Asmodeus-san?" Athena asks.
"Somewhat." I said. "When he was a kid, half of his body was crushed from a cave-in, but his
body was modified in order to save his life. His eyes have the ability to manipulate space,
much like mine and Goryu's." I take a deep breath as I realize my error. "I should have
accounted for that."
"Yes. You should have." Cell grunted. "You should thank me for stopping their heist."
I look at Cell and smile. "Thank you, Cell."
Cell was slightly surprised by the honesty in the brat's words, but shrugs it off. "Whatever."
10 Reputation from Perfect Cell (33/100)
[Cell's such a tsundere]
"What are your orders, Asmodeus-san?" Athena asks.
I turn to the altar and fly towards the center and quickly place the Master Emerald into
my [Inventory].
"... for now, let's head to the control room and check on the others." I suggested and the two
agreed.
Ishgar - Magnolia
The town has been almost destroyed, it is completely unrecognizable. Hellfire burns
everything in sight, the sun obscured by thick red clouds as pillars of fire rain down scarring
the land forever.
It is nothing short of Hell on Earth.
"AAHHHH!" Wakaba and Macao are caught in a green explosion and violently fall on top of
a pile of burning debris.
Mira and Elfman quickly pull the two out and see the severe burns across their limbs and
faces along with other grievous lashes and wounds.
"Get Macao and Wakaba out of here! Have Wendy heal them and anyone else injured!"
Mirajane tells Elfman who takes the bloody but thankfully still breathing bodies of the two
middle-aged mages. "Cana-chan and I will hold off the muscle guy as long as we can! The
rest of you focus on defending the people or taking out the rest of the dragons!"
Earning a flurry of nods from her guildmates who immediately went in various directions.
Just then, Mirajane and Cana sense a presence and turn to see the giant Saiyan looming above
them. "This is by no means gonna be an easy fight. Excluding the ominous aura that both of
them seem to possess, this guy's power seems similar to Asmodeus-kun's whenever he
goes [Super Saiyan,] but FAR more malevolent in comparison." Cana notes.

"Yeah. Are you ready?" Mira transforms into her [Satan Soul: Mard Geer Tartaros].
Cana gives her a cheeky grin as she takes on her [Fairy Heart] form.
"Hell yeah, I'm not gonna let all our hard training go to waste!" Cana grinned.
Broly roars and rushes at the two with incredible speeds like a bulldozer despite his large
side, the shockwaves from his movement alone destroying the landscape around him.
"Masenko!" Cana thrusts her hands forward, firing a large beam of yellow energy directly at
Broly's face.
However, Broly's unaffected and continues his charge, prompting Cana to grab Mira and use
Instant Transmission at the last second to avoid his attack.
"...?" Broly looks around before his eyes widen as he feels something sharp stabbing his
backside.
The view switches to reveal Mirajane stabbing Broly with her sharp heel. She leaps back and
fires her [Soul Extinctor] at the brainwashed Saiyan who quickly counters with an Eraser
Cannon which results in an explosion.
Mira glares at the giant man as Cana reappears next to her. "It's time for you to learn your
place."
The two girls immediately fly towards Broly while he is still dazed and unleash a flurry of
punches and kicks, preventing the Saiyan from even attempting to block since each girl
would strike his exposed areas when trying to counter or block the attacks of the other, until
the two girls once again blow Broly away.
The two of them then charge their strongest magic attacks and augment it with both magic
and [Chaos Energy].
"[Chaos Fairy Glitter]!"
"[Chaotic Soul Extinctor]!"
The two fire and their attacks begin to merge midway creating a giant energy beam the size
of the Fairy Tail building.
"!?" Broly doesn't react in time and is swallowed completely by the beam as it traverses out
of the town and explodes in the distance.
"Think that was enough?" Cana asked out of caution.
"I wish, Cana-chan, but I doubt it would be that easy." Mirajane says before the smoke clears,
revealing Broly with minor injuries but still standing.
"Oh, you've gotta be shittin' me!" Cana yells.

"RAAAAHHHH!" Broly roars to the heavens, his power rising without end!
"Shit! This guy just doesn't know when to quit!" Cana grimaced.
"AAAAHHHH!" Lightning rains down from above, the air itself becoming heavier as the
clouds seemingly start gravitating towards Broly, electricity discharging from every part of
his body like a lighting rod.
His hair starts growing at a rapid rate, eventually passing his waist entirely. His muscle mass
and height increases and the eyebrow-ridges become hairless and very pronounced.
Broly has ascended into a [Legendary Super Saiyan 3].
"Grr." Broly snarls as he stares at the two women, his killing intent so palpable that it is
visible to the naked eye.
"What the hell!? How the hell did he get this strong so fast!?" Cana paled, sensing Broly's
power and how bottomless it seems to go.
Mira just looks annoyed. "Stubborn muscle freak."
Broly rushes forward and punches Cana in the face, sending her crashing straight to the
ground, leveling a large part of the town in the process.
"!?" Mira is left in shock and slight horror as for that brief moment she could not sense or see
Broly.
In her stupor, Broly wastes no time and grabs Mira's face with his massive hand. He descends
and drives Mira head-first into a nearby building which obliterates it in an instant.
Broly grins in sadistic glee before a spike in power catches his senses. He tries to pull back
but finds his arm stuck in the rubble as dark purple aura surges from within before exploding,
revealing an alive and VERY pissed off Mira fiercely gripping his wrist.
"Now I'm angry!" Mirajane yells as her Semblance continuously boosts her power, with
her [Chaos Energy] synergizing and strengthening its effects further in response to
Mirajane's strong desire to defeat her foe.
"!?" Broly tries to pull back but Mira's grip is strong, even stronger than his own.
"You want your arm back?" Mira's smile's all teeth. "Sure! But first, let me give you a proper
sendoff!" Mira hits Broly's side with a chaos-infused punch, breaking through his iron-like
skin and obliterating his ribs.
Broly vomits blood before a blast to the face sends careening backwards to the side but looks
undeterred.
Seeing this, Mira rockets forward in the blink of an eye, with Broly quickly doing the same.
They both reel back their arms ready to punch each other but instead their fists collide,
sending a powerful thunderclap-like aftershock across the area.

The two continue on trying to hit each other as they seemingly flicker from place to place,
with one's blows always countered by the other leaving the two in a sort of deadlock.
"What's the matter, monster?! You think you can attack my friends and destroy my home and
NOT expect consequences?!" Mira mocks as she decides to break the deadlock with a
strong [Aura] and [Ki] infused kick to Broly's groin.
Immediately, Broly falls and instinctively holds his crotch in pain.
Even someone as strong as the [Legendary Super Saiyan] can't tank an almighty kick in the
dick.
"Might not be the most impressive of moves, but DAMN it felt good!" Mira exclaims before
launching a punch that was infused with a concentrated combination of [Magic,
[Ki, and [Chaos Energy] to his face that detonated upon contact and blew Broly away a
considerable distance.
Deciding not to take any chances, Mirajane immediately flies at high speeds towards the stilldazed mad Saiyan, and follows up with a rapid barrage of strikes to his already injured
abdomen, taking advantage of the weakened and vulnerable area to inflict more damage and
pain.
"Time to finish this! [Chaos Split Cut]!" Mira creates a blade of [Ki] and [Chaos
Energy] that pierces Broly's lower torso before moving upwards, leaving a large slash wound
that stretched over much of his chest, causing him to howl in pain as blood flowed from the
large wound.
Mira swings her sword, wiping the monster's blood as she looks at him with a gaze of cold
disdain. "... I'm surprised you're still alive. But if you're as durable as my hubby, then it
makes sense."
Just then, Mira senses a familiar energy and Cana flies in.
Mira gives the fortune teller a slight look. "... where the heck have you been?"
Cana actually looks sheepish. "Sorry. I was checking on everyone back in the guild building.
They're all okay if you wanna know."
Mira sighs in relief. "Thank goodness." Her expression then turns serious. "Alright, now let's
finish this monster off."
"Heh~" Cana grinned. "You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'!"
Mira smiles back.
The two then power-up, their bodies unleashing a raging black and white auras that send
large aftershocks.
"Kaaa…" Mira cups her hands together.

"Meeee…" Cana follows suit.
Broly sees this and tries to counter. He raises his left arm, charges a light-green energy from
around his body and gathers it into his palm to form an energy sphere.
Black and white energy begins to converge in the center, growing bigger and bigger with
each second.
"Haaa…"
"Meee…"
Broly raises his arm and charges an Omega Blaster. He puts all of his energy into the attack,
allowing it to grow and grow until it is the size of the moon before launching it at the duo.
"HAAAAAA!" Cana and Mira fire black and white energy beams. The two beams then
quickly cross streams and merge into a massive black/white energy stream of both [Ki] and
magic.
The two energy attacks collide, but Mirajane's and Cana's proved to be stronger and pushes
Broly's back until it breaks through the energy sphere and engulfs Broly, destroying him
completely.
"Finally, that bastard is gone." Cana said while sighing in relief.
"Wow, I wasn't expecting Broly to show up." A familiar voice says, catching their attention,
and they turn to see a clone of Asmodeus flying towards them. "I just arrived to help, but it
looks like you both had it handled."
"Asmodeus-kun!" Mirajane and Cana say simultaneously before each girl wraps themselves
around one of his arms and each gives him a quick peck on the cheeks.
"I'm glad to see you girls, too." The clone chuckles before looking at them with an impressed
look. "You both were amazing. That guy you just fought was Broly, and he is easily one of
the most dangerous opponents anyone could ever face, maybe even for me, and you both beat
him." His smile widens. "I couldn't be more proud of you both than I already am."
The two girls blush at his praise.
"Well, we did have an amazing sensei after all. And Cell." Mira giggles.
"It'll take more than that to beat the new Fairy Tail." Cana exclaims with a smirk.
"Speaking of, we should probably go help the others stop this invasion and save this town."
Asmodeus told them, causing both to nod in agreement.
*KA-BOOM!*
The trio turn to see a massive explosion, and in the middle, two massive red dragons are
duking it out.

"That's Natsu and… is that Ignia!? Towa got to him too!?" The clone exclaims.
The two girls give me a questioning look. "Towa?"
"Rusty's partner in crime. She's a demon mad scientist and something of a troublemaker who
constantly messes with time." The clone explains.
"Wait, did you say 'she'?! What kind of woman would willingly work for that sick twisted son
of a bitch?!" Cana incredulously asks, thinking no female would EVER willingly work with
Rustyrose.
"Someone who's just as twisted as him, clearly." Mira notes dryly before a dark smirk
appears. "But if she's really a demon… I'll make sure to give her a proper welcome to our
universe."
"Well, shall we ladies?" The clone asks his two wives.
The girls nod and the trio fly towards the battle.
"WAKE UP!" Natsu roars as he punches Ignia's snout before going for an uppercut to the
jaw, causing the massive dragon to be lifted upwards slightly before quickly regaining his
bearings.
After the mind-controlled Ignia revealed himself, Natsu wasted no time and raised to fight his
foster brother, much to his guildmate's displeasure, turning into his dragon form to level the
playing field.
"Why the hell are you letting those bastards control you!? You're the son of the Fire
Dragon King for Pete's sake!" Natsu yells out. "Or is your title of Fire Dragon God just
for show?! Is that it!? Are you really so weak under all of that false bravado that you
would let yourself be controlled by bad guys!?"
Upon regaining his bearings, Ignia tried to retaliate but was immediately struck by a powerful
combination of wind and lightning followed by a tornado blast of metal shards.
"Dammit Natsu! Don't just charge in without us, he's our enemy too and threatening all
of our homes!" Laxus roared as he, Wendy, and Gajeel showed up in their respective dragon
forms.
Natsu looks at his friends with frustration. "What are you guys doing here!? Why aren't
you protecting the townspeople!?"
"Jeez, chill out Salamander. You look like you're about to have a brain
aneurysm." Gajeel grunts, his voice sharp like sheets of metal.
"Everyone is safe. Laki and the others are dealing with the other dragons. The rest are
creating a path leading out of town." Wendy chimes in. "Happy wanted to join you, but
Pantherlily-san had to knock him out."

"Serves him right. That blue cat is just as dumb as you are." Gajeel comments with a
light chuckle.
"Will you three stop talking and focus? We're not out of the woods yet." Laxus tells
everyone as their attention turns to Ignia rocketing towards them.
"Let's combine our power! Natsu, I'll mix my wind with your flames, while Laxus and
Gajeel can mix their lightning and iron together!" Wendy suggested.
"Smart thinking, Wendy. Let's do it!" Laxus agreed with Natsu and Gajeel also nodding
while all 4 began charging their respective elements.
"[Sky Fire Dragon's Twilight]!" Natsu and Wendy shouted simultaneously while mixing
their elemental attacks into a devastating fiery blast.
"[Iron Lightning Dragon's Metal Bolt]!" Laxus and Gajeel chanted together while creating
a focused blast of electrocuted metal.
Both attacks rapidly struck the approaching Ignia, engulfing him in a massive explosion.
Ignia falls to the ground, groaning as he limply moves his neck in an attempt to stand.
"This is just sad. I didn't think the dragon god was this weak." Gajeel notes.
"He isn't weak. That gizmo on his head is making him weaker." Natsu said.
"Natsu's right. A mage's magical power is tied to their emotional and mental state. If
the mage isn't in their right mind or is troubled emotionally, then their magic will be
weaker than normal or simply refused to work." Laxus states, only for him and the others
to be caught off guard by what they see next.
Natsu kicks Ignia in the head, burying him deep in the earth.
"What the hell are you doing you idiot!?" Laxus yells.
Natsu looks at his fellow dragon slayer. "What does it look like? I'm fixing the problem."
"You killed him!" Wendy yells in distraught.
"Wasn't that the point of the quest you guys took?" A confused Gajeel points out.
Suddenly, the ground trembles and the four sense a huge spike in magical power.
Large cracks form as a red glow manifests from deep in the earth and the temperature rises
sporadically.
Natsu smirks as he knows what this means and flies back. "About time you woke up, you
bastard."
*KA~BOOM!*

The earth erupts upwards, unleashes a massive pillar of fire that can be seen all across Ishgar.
A large silhouette can be seen rising from within the pillar before unwrapping its wings and
vanishes, revealing Ignia, his headgear shatters and falls to the earth below.
"Natsu…" Ignia snarls at his foster brother and checks out his new form. "It's been a
while."
"You look like shit." Natsu remarks.
"That I do." He admits.
The other three dragon slayers can't help but look oddly at the scene playing in front of them.
Natsu hates Ignia, now he's acting like he's talking to an old friend?
"Gotta say, I wasn't expecting you to be one to release me. And that form," Ignia glances
at Natsu's dragon form along with others and smiles. "So you four finally decided to
renounce your weakness and embrace your dragon sides. About time." His gaze quickly
shifts to Wendy. "Although… I have never seen a dragon so small before. What? Is she
crippled or something?"
"Shut up! I'm not small, I'm petite!" Wendy exclaims with anger.
Natsu didn't react to Ignia's words, instead going straight to the point. "What happened to
you?"
The atmosphere turns oppressive as Ignia glares at the human-turned-dragon.
"What happened?" Ignia says with an edge to his words. "Simple really. I made the same
mistake our dad made, and paid the price."
Flashback - Fire God's Castle
Ignia sits in his throne, his head resting on his right hand as he stares at the five other
members of his Dark Guild, Fire and Flame, to see how the human mages were coming
along, especially since his encounters with Natsu and Asmodeus had increased his curiosity
on the potential of humans.
And while the disappearance of the Signario sisters was a big loss to his guild and a huge
setback to his plans, they were slowly managing to get past it.
"My, and here I heard you hated humans, Fire Dragon God Ignia." An unfamiliar feminine
voice catches the attention of the dragon in question and his human disciples, who look to see
a blue skinned woman with white hair, pointed ears, and an unusual red attire coming out of
nowhere and approach them. "To think you would be the leader of a human guild is very
surprising."
Ignia straightens himself as he looks at the newcomer with a mix of anger and slight
trepidation just from her mere existence.

"Who the hell are you and why are you here, woman?" Ignia questions with a scowl, picking
up from her scent that she wasn't human in the slightest.
"Now, now, there is no need for hostility, Ignia-san. I come in peace." The woman said in an
overly sweet tone. "My name is Towa, and I am merely here to extend an invitation on behalf
of my partner."
Ignia raises an eyebrow. "Invitation for what?"
"Why? For a new world, of course." Towa states. "This world is festered with corruption,
greed, and destruction. Humans would soon destroy this world if it means having more power
than the rest."
"Yes, yes. I've heard all of this nonsense before, just get to the point." An annoyed Ignia told
her.
A slight twitch is seen on Towa's brow but she manages to hide it well.
"Very well. I would like you and your guild to join us as we create a new world. If you do so,
we promise you and your followers power beyond your wildest dreams." Towa said. "You
desire for a nation of dragons, yes? And you mean to do this by employing something called
the True Dragon King Festival. We could help you with that and more."
Ignia narrows his eyes at the woman, surprised by her knowledge of his plans for the Dragon
King Festival.
"Hmph." Everyone hears a scoff and they all turn to a young muscular man with dark, spiky
hair that is close-shaven on either side of his forehead. He has the number 4000 tattooed on
the left side of his forehead and a scar running from his right temple to just under his right
eye. He also wears a skeletal jaw mask that covers his mouth and nose. He wears an open
black jacket that has a large collar with a flame pattern on its back and a crop top underneath
that shows off his abdominals as well as black boots and baggy pants with a pair of skull
crests either side and a pair of belts forming a cross with a heart-shaped buckle.
"You really think we would buy your crap just like that?" The man, Lecka, glares at the blue
woman. "Exactly how stupid do you think we are?"
"I have to agree with you on this one. This offer is too shady even by our standards." A
bizarre-looking gentleman voices out. He wears his hair in a short bob cut hair with a
checkered top hat, and has several piercings on his left ear. He also appears to be wearing
makeup, such as mascara in a dripping pattern and dark lip. He's also shown to have sharp
teeth and stitch patterns at the edge of his mouth and around his neck.
Ignia then turns to the tall knight with a horned helmet and long flowing mane. "What do you
think, Wed?"
The knight stands silently as everyone waits for his answer. "... no."

"Aw, c'mon, guys!" Another voice whines. He dresses himself in a punk motif, having wild,
spiky, messy hair, spiked wrist braces, collar and piercings, and has eyelashes shaped like bat
wings. "Aren't you the least bit curious what this is all about?"
"Shut up, Raj." All of his guildmates shoot him down.
The view changes to show a depressed Raj in the corner, with darks hanging about his head.
"There, there." A flame Exceed pats his back.
"Cute," Towa drily remarks before turning back to Ignia, "but I am looking for your answer,
not your servants."
Ignia narrows his eyes at the woman. "You want my answer? Well here it is: you are a twofaced bitch and I don't believe a single thing that comes out of your mouth. You are clearly
withholding knowledge and I detest how your very presence makes my skin crawl." He rests
his head back on his right hand and gives her a bored look. "Besides, the True Dragon King
Festival will start only on my terms, and I will not let some fools believe that I will become a
subordinate out of some vague promise of power."
Towa's expression hardens at the dragon's words. "Is that your final answer?"
"It is the only answer, woman, and I have tolerated your presence in my realm long enough."
He lazily waves his left hand. "Kill her."
Without hesitation, the disciples of the Fire Dragon God eagerly jump towards Towa with
their Fire Magic at the ready, only for each of them to scream as they were engulfed in pitch
black flames, with the flames disappearing to reveal that the humans were completely
destroyed, with not even ashes being left behind.
"What!?" Ignia is shocked by the sudden development.
"That was a rather poor choice, Ignia-san." Towa shakes her head in disappointment as a
redhead with unusual red eyes with a ripple pattern and multiple tomoe appears next to her.
"Broly, would you kindly restrain Ignia-san while I give him a little 'gift'?"
Before Ignia could respond, a pair of massive hands suddenly grabs and forces him to the
ground in a restrained position, courtesy of a brainwashed Broly.
Ignia struggles and flares his aura to burn the humanoid, but it doesn't seem to affect it.
He looks up as Towa approaches with an unusual crown with a broken infinity symbol in her
hand.
"You should have taken my offer, and you shall aid us as our latest pet." Towa said with a
sinister smile.
Ignia tries to get up, but he is too late as the crown clamps into his skull.
"AAAAHHHHH!" Ignia screams as his mind is attacked directly.

And then… darkness.
Flashback end
The four Dragon Slayers processed this information. They all believed this Towa individual
was likely working with Rustyrose given the brainwashing and enhancements involved.
"Well, guess it's good to see you regain your bearings. But what will you do now?" Natsu
asked his foster brother. "As much as I would like to finish our fight, I need to help my
friends stop this invasion and beat the shit out of Rusty, who is likely working with this
Towa person."
"Actually, it's a good thing that you are here. I have a proposition for you." Ignia
revealed.
"What is it?" Natsu asks and sees the smile plastered on his face.
"Natsu Dragneel… the mage my father, Igneel, deemed worthy of his attention." Ignia
began as he looked Natsu in the eye. "I want you to join me in destroying humanity."
"What!?" Natsu is shocked by his sudden question.
"!?" The other dragons are shocked as well.
"I will start the True Dragon Festival soon, and I'd like you to be on the winning side
when that happens." He then glances at his friends. "This also extends to your other
friends, too."
"No way." Gajeel growls.
"You're a fool if you believe we'll let you do this." Laxus adds.
"We won't let you destroy the world!" Wendy declares.
Ignia then turns to his brother, who has been unusually quiet. "What say you, Natsu? Join
me. Let's destroy the humans toge-"
*BOOM!*
Ignia doesn't finish as a clawed fist collides with his face, causing a massive explosion.
"Ah, I see…" Natsu blinks as the smoke fades, revealing an uninjured Ignia who didn't even
flinch. "Looks like you will be one of the first I will destroy."
In an instant, Ignia's body exudes a red aura before erupting in a torrent of flames, throwing
Natsu back.
"As your brother, I am very disappointed in you." Ignia said.

Natsu rushes in and delivers a superfast combo at Ignia before finishing it with a powerful
aura-infused roar.
"You're gotten stronger. It almost makes me proud to call you my kin." Ignia praises,
surprised by the dragon slayer's fighting prowess.
"Shut up! You're not my brother! If you're really Igneel's kid, you wouldn't be doing
this! Igneel loved humans!" Natsu roared.
"Well, that's obvious, isn't it?" Ignia smirks. "Dad was dad. And I'm me."
Ignia proceeds to summon miniature suns and hurls them at Natsu. But before they can reach
him, they are all destroyed by what looks like red lightning.
"Hm?" A confused Ignia turns left and sees red lightning surging out of Laxus' body. "This
power… so you must be-"
"[Megaton: Red Lightning]!" Laxus' body becomes coated in dark-red lightning and
smashes into Ignia like a rocket.
"Ugh!" Ignia grunts as pain surges throughout his body.
Gajeel unfolds his wings and dozens of gunmetal blades materialize behind him.
"[Iron Rain]!" In that instant, the blades move at sonic speeds, raining down upon the
enemy.
Ignia dodges them with ease but begins to question how the metal drake seems to have
enough magic to keep going. It doesn't make any sense!
Wendy flies towards Ignia as her right arm glows white with power. "[Wind Scar]!" She
swings her arm and nothing happens.
Ignia, however, sees a massive wave of air heading towards him flies aside but grunts as it
manages to cut through the tip of his left wing.
The attack continues its route west and slices through the mountains in the forest.
"Impressive, most impressive! It shouldn't be possible for you all to grow THIS much in
a short period of time!? Tell me how did you four achieve this!?" Ignia exclaims with a
mix of excitement and disbelief at their sudden increase in power, especially when not too
long ago they struggled to defeat just a single Dragon God.
"Simple: we trained like hell and gained new strength from it, courtesy of our friend
Asmodeus!" Natsu said proudly before a look of realization appeared on his face. "Hey
wait, didn't Asmodeus kick your ass when you fought him?"
"Wait, did you say Asmodeus!?" Ignia screams out the name. "Where is he!? Tell me
where he is right now!"

"Then look behind you, you stupid gecko."
Ignia immediately turns upon hearing the familiar voice, and sure enough, Asmodeus was
flying right behind him, with Mirajane and Cana also flying next to him.
Name: Ignia
Title: Fire Dragon God, Flaming Wheel of Destruction, Guildmaster Fire and Flame
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods, Fire and Flame
Level: 400
HP: 2,209,677
MP: 3,889,123
SP: 2,331,577
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: rival, excited to fight you again
"Asmodeus…" Ignia murmurs, with an edge of excitement in his voice.
"Long time no see, Ignia. And I see you've gotten stronger since the last time we crossed
paths, though whether it's from training or as a benefit from whatever modifications Towa
and Rusty gave you remains to be seen," the clone says to the dragon. "I would love to stay
and chat, but right now Fairy Tail and I have bigger priorities than fighting you at the
moment."
"Oh really? And what could be so important that you would run away from our
rematch like a coward?" Ignia growled.
"How about the fate of the entire universe, asshole?" Cana snaps back.
Ignia blinks at the question. "What?"
"It's true." Mirajane said. "The one who brainwashed you, Towa and her partner Rustyrose,
are working towards reshaping Earthland and possibly the universe into their twisted image,
with the rest of the multiverse likely following suit."
'So, that two-faced hag really wasn't all hot air.' Ignia thought.
"The whole of creation is in jeopardy if we don't put a stop to them, and we could use all of
the help we can get." The clone says to the red dragon. "Please Ignia, we need you."
A small smile forms on Ignia's scaly face. "Hahahaha."
The clone arches an eyebrow. "What's so funny?"

"Nothing, just your naive idea that I would ever join you to save this world." Ignia
states. "I want to create a world of dragons, and if those fools truly have the power to
reshape the world then I will take it for myself!"
"!?" The group is surprised by the dragon's words.
"The destruction of Fire and Flame has set me back, true, but my goal has not changed.
The ultimate battle between humanity and dragons is inevitable!" Ignia exclaims.
The clone couldn't believe what he's hearing. "Are you fucking kidding me!? I just told you
that the world's practically ending and you only care about living your self-entitled fantasies!
You're no different from that braindead loser Rusty!"
"I AM different from that human, because I am a GOD! And once I get rid of you all, I
will find where those worms are hiding and finally tip the scales of this world into the
dragons' favor!" Ignia screamed back.
Cana crosses her arms. "It's official, this bastard's a complete whackjob."
The clone narrows his eyes. "Do you really think we'll let you do that?"
"In that case, then you know what you have to do." Ignia told the clone. "Unless… you
are afraid."
The clone just sighs. "You really are Natsu's brother even if you guys aren't related by blood."
Ignia's grin widens a little and he turns to Natsu. "Sorry, little brother, but we'll have to
postpone our death match for now."
"Hell no! I'm finishing this fight whether you like it or not!" Natsu defiantly declares.
"In that case," Ignia extends his wings and the sky ignies as a halo of plasma appears above
his head. "Then you two better not hold back, or else you'll die."
"Everyone. Get out of here as fast as possible." The clone orders.
"Yeah! You're all in the splash zone!" Natsu barks.
Laxus' eye twitches. "Did you seriously have to say it like that?"
"Let's go, Laxus-san." Wendy said. "We'll see you back at the guild!"
Soon, everyone quickly flies away leaving behind the three and the ambient sounds of
destruction around them.
"Do you truly think you can defeat me this time, kid? If I recall, I LET you win our last
encounter." Ignia points out.
"True, true. But there's something I have now that I didn't back then." The clone said.

"And that is?" Ignia asks.
The clone smirks. "Let me show you." In an instant, the clone's body explodes as cosmic
energy envelops me as his body is transfigured.
When the light fades, Ignia and Natsu find a GIGANTIC silver-gray dragon with wings that
seem to hold the very cosmos within them.
"Holy shit! You're huge, Asmodeus!" Natsu chirps with excitement.
Ignia just looks at his rival with slight awe and absolute contempt.
'How!? How did this brat achieve such a power so quickly!? It took me centuries to evolve
into what I am now, yet this upstart did it in a few months!?" An angered Ignia thought as he
felt the new dragon's power hitting him like mountains.
"Now, shall we begin, old friend?" The clone asked.
Ignia is caught off-guard when he is immediately blown away with a mere punch by
Asmodeus, who charges magic in his mouth and mixes [Ki] into it. "!"
"[Infinity Dragon's Roar]!" The clone unleashes a multicolored blast from his mouth that
hits the dazed Ignia, swallowing him whole.
The beam continues to travel forward as everyone in the continent can see AND feel the
immense power of that attack.
"Holy shit, did you see that?!" Gajeel exclaims in shock.
Cana grins "I FELT that."
"Damn dude, you've been holding out on me!" Natsu exclaims as he looks at his friend
with both awe and envy.
The clone glances at Natsu.
Name: Natsu Dragneel
Title: Salamander, The Great Demon-Lord Dragneel, E.N.D., Hellfire Dragon Dragneel,
Destroyer
Affiliation: Fairy Tail
Level: 411
HP: 2,534,112
MP: 2,800,301
CP: 2,011,670

SP: 2,645,141
AP: 1,990,231
Thoughts about you: Best Friend
"Don't worry. One day, you'll be strong enough to do this, too." He then turns his
attention forward. "But first let's focus on what's in front of us."
As the smoke clears, it reveals Ignia still alive but significantly injured.
"Ehehe… What a nice surprise. I knew you would be strong, but not like this." Ignia
chuckles, though it turns into a cough of pain. 'Damn, I'm still not at 100%. I need to finish
quickly and regain my strength.'
"Hey, don't die on me just yet." The clone's arms are engulfed in white aura. "I still need
to wear the knuckles of this form."
"Don't get cocky, you little brat!" Ignia covers his body in super-heated plasma and rockets
himself towards us.
"Oh no, you don't!" Natsu jumps between us and places his hands close to the center of his
face.
"[Plasma Mace]!" Ignia yelled.
"[Solar Flare]!" Natsu calls out the technique and immediately a blinding white light
appears.
"What!?" Ignia screams as he begins to lose control. "Too bright… I can't see!"
Natsu charges at the disoriented Ignia and delivers a powerful haymaker at his solar plexus.
He doesn't stop there and throws a series of combos of punches and kicks, each of them in
precise areas of the body for maximum damage.
In the time chamber, Cell spent a good amount of time teaching the dragon slayers martial
arts.
Or, to be more accurate, he spent a lot of time showing them where they can deal the most
damage on an opponent's body. He made them fight each other just to memorize what part of
the body hit and in what way for max pain.
Natsu then finishes it with a cursed roar, engulfing Ignia with cursed flames.
"Argh! What kind of flames are these!?" Ignia screams out.
"The best kind." Natsu quips with a smug grin.
Ignia tries to extinguish the flames but finds that he can't. This isn't possible. He is Ignia the
Fire Dragon God. He's fire itself! He shouldn't be hurt by fire, let alone from an inferior

creature like him!
"Hurts, doesn't it?" The taunting voice of his rival annoyed Ignia to no end.
"You bastard! What the hell did you do to him!?" Ignia demands.
The clone looks confused. "Me? I haven't done a single thing. This is something Natsu
could always do." He then gives a confident smile. "I merely just gave him the little push
he needed to realize his full potential."
"Grr!" The dragon god snarls and the clone sighs.
"This fighting is pointless, Ignia. Do you honestly wanna waste your energy on fighting
us? We are all in terrible danger no matter what. We can only stop this threat if we
work together." The clone pleads with the son of Igneel but this only makes him scoff.
"I can handle those two on my own. I don't NEED help. I would rather die than work
with humans." Ignia said.
"Is your pride as a dragon so valuable that you're willing to risk your entire universe
just to keep it!?" The clone snaps in outrage. "What about Luso and Ennie!? Are you
really going to tell me that you don't give a damn about them either!?"
"Those brats are still alive?" Ignia was surprised by the name drop before shrugging it
off. "Well, not that it matters as Fire and Flame died the day that bitch took control of
me. And those humans were my obedient subordinates, my tools for realizing my goal.
There was only one being in this world that I would ever call my friend." He meets the
clone's steel gaze with his own. "Let me make one thing clear to you, Asmodeus: I will
enact the True Dragon King Festival whether you like it or not. It doesn't matter how
long it takes, how much chaos and destruction I wrought, I will have my war no matter
what. And since you two are adamant on stopping me, I will consider you both traitors
to all dragonkind and kill you both where you stand!"
"... is that your final answer?" The clone asks, his words derived from emotion before
sighing. "Very well. Then we'll just make sure you never get that chance."
"I was hoping you'd join us, you know, out of respect for dad. But I guess that's too
much to ask." Natsu glares at the dragon. "You don't give a damn about anything but
yourself. You would rather see this world burn rather than protect it like dad and the
other dragons. And if you won't change," black miasma begins to pour out his body,
merging with his magic and [Aura]. "Then I will put you down once and for all!"
Ignia blinks as he senses something different in Natsu. 'Something's wrong. His magic is
merging with another power, one that is darker in nature.'
However, before he can ponder further on the matter, Natsu's is in front of him!
"WH-GUH!?" Ignia grunts as Natsu delivers a hard blow to his stomach.

"[Forbidden Cursed Art - Cursed Meteor Barrage]!" Natsu unleashes a barrage of cursed
punches at the dragon god, dealing massive damage.
"GAH!" Ignia screams as he feels the cursed energy eating away at his otherwise
impenetrable scales, weakening him. "You pest!" His wings begin to glow blue. "[Plasma
Wave]!" He flaps his wings and launches blue plasma-like blades at Natsu.
Natsu easily dodges the plasma. "[Solar Ring]." His six wings extend and create a red ring
before launching it at Ignia.
Ignia tries to fly through the ring but when he does it shrinks and locks itself into his body
like a collar.
"What the hell?! [Fire Dragon Slayer Magic] can't do that! And how is this puny ring
able to restrain a Dragon God?!" Ignia roars.
"Weren't you paying attention before? I told you we gained new strength, allowing us to
do all sorts of things, including making our magic stronger and using it in so many
different ways!" Natsu says proudly.
Ignia growls and tries to break the ring to no avail, when he is suddenly blown away by a
powerful blast.
The perspective switches to reveal Asmodeus holding up his smoking hand.
"Did you forget you weren't just fighting Natsu, Ignia? That hurts." The clone fake
pouts.
"Dammit!" Ignia screamed.
The clone uses Instant Transmission to close the distance and quickly blasts him with another
ki blasts at point blank, blinding him. He then delivers heavy punches and kicks to his torso
and limbs, causing the dragon to groan as he feels his bone breaking and some of his organs
rupturing.
He raises his left arm and holds out his index finger, middle finger, and thumb forward. "
[Final Impact]." He fires a powerful bolt of energy at Ignia, knocking him back and sending
him spiraling straight to the ground.
When the dust clears, Ignia is barely struggling to remain standing, his already serious
injuries having become increasingly more severe.
"Damn it, I didn't think this day would ever come." Ignia grimaced. "To think these two
would push me this far…"
Asmodeus' clone and Natsu then descend directly in front of Ignia.
"I would offer you another chance to change and join us, but you made it very clear you
had no intention of doing so." The clone said. "Have you any last words?"

Ignia grits his teeth before he suddenly cracks a smirk. "Heh… you got me. To think I
would be defeated by the human my dad took in… and another who I thought would be
a good appetizer."
The two give the son of Igneel a slight look, surprised by his change in behavior.
"You are taking your execution… rather well." I remark, slightly confused by his sudden
change in attitude.
"What's the point? You have me both bound and unmatched. If I am going down, I may
as well go down with dignity." Ignia states.
"You chose this outcome, Ignia. We tried to offer you a better path, one where you could
not only peacefully coexist with humanity but could actually get all the satisfying fights
you wanted from other threats, but instead your pride and selfishness led to this." The
clone laments.
"Despite acting like an asshole to us in the past and threatening my friends, a part of me
wished things could have worked out between us for Igneel's sake." Natsu says solemnly.
"Spare me the nonsense and just get it over with." Ignia says in a resigned tone. "I was
going to use the power Aldorn left in his roots and the Great Labyrinth of Dogra to turn
all humans into dragons, but I guess that's pointless now."
The two watch as Ignia transforms into his human form with his injuries looking much worse
than in his dragon form.
The clone and Natsu followed suit, returning to their human forms.
"But know this… my death will not grant Guiltina peace." Ignia slowly stands up. "Someday,
another being worse than I will take my place. And they will raze the continent until it's
nothing but ashes and memory."
"Then I'll stop them, too! I won't let the Dragon King Festival start over again!" Natsu
declares.
Ignia lets out a raspy chuckle. "Then you better not go back on your word… Fire Dragon God
Natsu."
Asmodeus and Natsu take a glance at each other before nodding in understanding, with both
of them charging their respective [Dragon Slayer Magic].
"Goodbye, Ignia." Natsu says before preparing his magic. "[Etherious Dragon's Hellfire
Inferno]!"
"[Infinite Dragon Art - Shining Judgment]."
The two launch their respective spells towards Ignia, who closes his eyes as he is completely
engulfed in their attacks. When the energy of their attacks disappears, Ignia is nowhere to be
seen, having been completely erased by their attacks.

"It's done. And with this, the age of dragons comes to a close." The clone notes before
turning to Natsu. "You okay?"
"Yeah," Natsu slowly nods. "It's just… I know he was evil, but he was still family in a way."
The clone pats his shoulder. "C'mon, dude. You still have a family in Fairy Tail, and they are
a hundred times better than that bastard."
"Heh." Natsu cracks a smile. "Hell yeah! They're the best family in the world!"
"You got that right! Now let's give that family a visit, yeah?" The clone smiles as the two
head back to Magnolia.
Only to find the town having been completely eradicated, with the only building standing
being the Fairy Tail guild.
"Oh dear… I think we may have gone a bit overboard." Asmodeus sweatdropped.
"Thankfully we got everyone out of town in time, so the people should be okay." Natsu noted
before looking at the decimated town. "Though even if most of the damage was caused by the
invading dragons, I'm not sure if the people will be as welcoming to us ever again."
'Did Natsu ACTUALLY realize the concept of too much collateral damage and acknowledge
the consequences for once?!' The clone thought in shock before regaining his bearings.
"Luckily for Fairy Tail, this is a problem I can easily fix."
The clone transforms into his [Chaos Mode, and using a combination of [Almighty
Magic] and [Nemesis] he takes the remains of the buildings, disassembles them to their basic
components and rearranges them back to their natural state before the invasion, restoring the
whole Magnolia in under a couple of minutes.
"There we go. Back to normal." I exclaim as I take pride in my work. "We should find the
others and tell them it's over."
With that, I grab Natsu's shoulder and teleport to where everyone is.
Alakitasia - Alvarez
"[Sands of Death]!" An enormous wave of sand rises from nowhere. "Witness the ultimate
power of the emperor of Alvarez!"
The sands rush straight towards the emotionless redhead at high speeds before a blast of force
splits the sand into two.
"What!?" Ajeel yells in disbelief before he feels an invisible force smash into him and send
him crashing towards a nearby building as the view shows the other remaining Spriggans in a
similar state.
"GAAAH!" Torafuzar takes a knee as he holds his bleeding side as he lifts his head up to the
adversary who caused him this serious injury.

Standing a few feet away is a muscular humanoid with pitch-black skin with a ragged pattern.
He has long, dark horns on his forehead, jagged teeth, and retains his ponytail. He has long
sharp silver claws and his ears become elongated and elf-like. He gains large, bat-like wings
that are both light and dark in color. Feathers also sprout from his wrists and collar.
This is Mard Geer's Etherious form.
Tempester, Kyôka, and Bloodman can be seen on the ground injured and unconscious.
Larcade wheezes as his body is riddled with deep cuts and wounds. "So this… is the power of
the Underworld King, the keeper of the book of E.N.D."
Mard raises his hand only to suddenly grab his own throat and starts strangling himself.
"Rustyrose's depravity knows no bounds. Reviving and brainwashing the dead and
augmenting them for his own selfish interests. Though it may sound hypocritical of me given
my guild's history." Seilah states with mild annoyance.
Mard fights off Seilah's [Curse, using all of his strength to let go of his neck and lower his
arm.
Seilah wastes no time and swipes her index and middle fingers, creating a rose directly at
Mard before it explodes in a column of destructive cursed energy.
"Do not worry, Geer-Sama. I will free you from that rat's control so that you may return to the
afterlife." Seilah spoke to her former guild master.
She did consider incapacitating him to bring him to Asmodeus to free him of his
brainwashing, but she realized that if her new master wanted to revive Mard Geer, he would
have already done so, given how he revived Kyoka, Tempester, and Larcade.
Mard Geer is evil, sadistic, arrogant, and a prideful individual who sees all humans as little
more than insects to be squashed. He is also incredibly intelligent, choosing to kill his
emotions in order to fulfill his goals quicker.
He is the epitome of all demons. It is likely why Asmodeus-sama never revived him. Such an
empty and uncompromising being would go against everything her master didn't want to be.
'Geer-sama is powerful. If I want to finish this, I must not hold back.' Seilah glances at the
others behind her before turning back to Mard. 'It's now or never!'
"I order myself… to remove my limiter!" As soon as she says that, her pupils constrict and
her body unleashes a column of cursed energy, enveloping her whole body in dark light. The
shockwaves cause the area around her to break down into nothing but dust.
Torafuzar and Larcade manage to gather their unconscious comrades and take them
somewhere that's far enough for the upcoming battle.
"What is she doing?" Larcade asks.

"She's releasing her true form." Torafuzar states. "This battle is over."
When the light subsides, her appearance is now more demonic than ever. Her skin is
noticeably darker and her horns sharper and longer in length. Her hair is much wilder, and her
kimono is gone, showing off her incredibly toned body and her round breasts which are
covered in an intricate, symmetrical tattoo that begins at the choker around her neck, and
ends at her stomach and hips. Her [Mate Mark] is printed onto her stomach where her guild
mark used to be. Her lower body significantly changes, with her legs changing into narrowed
stilts that gradually widen up to her hips that now flare out into two wing-like protrusions and
her feet change into those of sharp blades.
Seilah then began to charge her powers of [Magic, [Curse, [Aura, [Ki, and [Chaos
Energy] intent on ending this fight once and for all to save her comrades and aid Irene in her
fight with the other redhead.
Seilah launches a Ki-infused wave of the [Tenchi Kaimei] or better known as Black Water,
engulfing Mard Geer before preparing a spell augmented with [Chaos Energy].
"[Ice Devil's Damnation]!" Immediately, the black water had completely frozen, trapping
the Etherious in a large chunk of black ice that was tinted purple.
"Time to finish this!" Seilah said before preparing a [Nullification Enchantment] imbued
with [Ki] and [Chaos Energy] at the frozen and incapacitated Mard Geer, turning him back
into his book form and promptly destroying it.
"And so, the story of Mard Geer Tartaros comes to a close." Seilah says before sensing a
spike in Irene and August's energy. "Looks like Irene-san is getting serious."
Irene and August hit the red woman with their staffs but she is able to deflect them all with
ease.
The woman weaves hand seals and reels her head back. "[Fire Release: Great Fire
Annihilation]." She expels a massive sea of flames from her mouth at a wide area.
The two mages use flight magic as the fire continues its march, destroying everything and
everyone who gets caught in the inferno.
'That wasn't magic. It felt more like [Ki] but also not. Is this a form of power that Asmodeussama isn't aware of?' A perplexed Irene thought.
"!?" The two sense something and quickly turn to just for the red-haired woman to hit them in
pressure points at highspeeds and the two fall on a ruined building and crash at the bottom.
Irene and August try to stand but quickly find that they can't move their limbs.
"I… cannot move…" Irene grunts.
"She has hit our pressure points… I'm afraid we are at her mercy." August laments.
The woman appears in a red flash, takes out a kunai and rushes towards the two mages.

"Masenko!" A voice shouts and a yellow sphere hits the woman and explodes.
The two turn and see Asmodeus rocketing towards them and lands.
"Asmodeus-sama!" Irene happily calls out her husband's name.
"Sorry, but I'm just a clone he sent to check on you all." He reveals as he helps Irene up.
"The [Aincrad] is under siege and he is currently dealing with them."
"I see. So this was a diversion to split our forces in order to steal the emeralds." August
surmises.
"Yeah. The boss had a feeling that was the case." The clone then uses [Salvation] to restore
Irene's motor functions. "There. That should do."
Irene moves her arm and closes her hand, no longer feeling numb. "Thank you, Asmodeussama."
The clone moves on and does the same to August. "I am in your debt."
After finishing, the clone finally takes his attention to the perpetration and stops as he gets a
good look at the woman's face.
Name: Kushina Uzumaki
Title: Red-Hot Habanero, Nine-Tails Jinchūriki, Goddess of Shinobi, Uzumaki Princess,
Puppet of the Demon Goddess
Affiliation: Uzushiogakure, Konohagakure, Grimoire Heart
Level: 440
HP: 2,766,577
CP: 4,870,322
SP: 3,991,655
Thoughts about you: n/a
Current Status: Brainwashed
'Holy shit! That's Kushina Uzumaki! I know Rusty and Towa were 'recruiting' people across
the multiverse, but this is still quite the surprise.' The clone then notes the differences in
Kushina's appearance, particularly how she had a significantly curvier hourglass figure with
large L-cup breasts and an equally impressive heart-shaped ass. 'She's definitely been
modified. She easily surpasses the likes of Tsunade and Mei Terumi with curves like that.
Rusty clearly has a boob fetish if all of the women he kidnaps get modified like this.'

Kushina's eyes suddenly snap open and quickly use her legs to wrap around the clone's neck
and throw him out of the ruins.
The clone lands on his feet and sees Kushina holds a sphere made of rotating chakra and
leaps upwards.
"[Rasengan]!" Kushina holds her arm forward, but the clone jumps aside letting the sphere
collide with the earth, tearing it apart in an instant.
'A [Rasengan]! Did Rusty give her the ability to use all known jutsu? Hm, Orochimaru would
be totally jealous.' He remarks as he activates his [Silver Rinne-Sharingan]. "Let's do this."
Kushina leaps out of the hole and moves faster than light, however, I was able to track her
movements thanks to my evolved dōjutsu and deflect all of her physical blows.
She throws a high kick but the clone easily grabs her leg without breaking his gaze and
proceeds to swing her into the ground repeatedly, the earth crackly with every swing.
'Once I weaken her enough, I can just knock her unconscious and place her in the [King of
Hell], it should be able to remove her brainwashing. Though this Kushina is tougher than she
looks if she can endure all this.' The clone thinks to himself.
All the while, Kushina has been weaving one-hand seals. "[Earth Release: Earth Flow
Spears]!"
Immediately, the ground bursts as rock-like spikes rocket out of the ground causing him to let
go of the altered kunoichi.
Kushina quickly leaps off the ground and uses the spikes to make some distance.
The clone holds his arm out. "[Almighty Push]!" He uses the Deva Path to quickly push the
spikes away but Kushina is nowhere to be found.
"Where did she go?" He asks.
*PING!*
He sidesteps just as Kushina punches the ground and sees her encased in lightning.
"That's A's [Lightning Release Chakra Mode]!" He exclaims.
The Uzumaki Princess wastes no time and jumps into the air above him, but the clone leaps
back to avoid the devastating kick which levels everything around her.
I land in a nearby building and look down with annoyance in my eyes. 'This is getting out of
hand, and that lightning cloak of hers makes her even faster and stronger than before. I need
to get close to her in order to use the Preta Path and drain her chakra.'
"Are you alright, Asmodeus-sama?" Irene asks as she and August appear next to him.

"I'm good, but this woman is no laughing matter." The trio watch as Kushina stands there. "I
have a plan to put her out of commission, but I need her to stand still long enough for me to
grab her."
"What would you have us do?" August asks.
As they discuss, Kushina quickly whips her neck in their direction.
"Now go." The clone orders and the two mages vanish.
… just in time for Kushina to smash through the roof and stand in front of the clone.
"Round two, baby!" The clone exclaims with a grin.
Kushina charges in and thrusts her elbow forward but the clone catches it before proceeding
to throw her off the building.
He uses Instant Transmission to get in front of her and thrusts his fist forward, generating a
powerful shockwave that sends her crashing until she collides with the Alvarez castle and one
of the buildings falls on top of her.
"Now… it's time to end this." A silver aura begins to surround his body as he raises his arm
upwards. He opens his hand and quickly stands gathering Ethernano in his palm until a silver
sphere forms in his hand.
He aims the sphere at the destroyed building. "This should knock her out long enough to
drain her."
"..." He stares at the unmoving debris. It's too quiet.
"...?" His eyes widen as I sense her energy spiking. "Shit!" He fires the silver sphere at the
castle only for the attack to vanish before it can make contact. "What!?"
A flash of red is seen coming from the rubble before it erupts revealing a Kushina with a
crimson-red shroud with six magatama markings on her collar and the tail end of her haori
extending, resembling nine flaming tails. Her hair becomes longer and thicker, flowing
upwards into nine distinct locks and gains three thick whisker-like marks on both of her
cheeks. Her eyes also seem to possess two different dōjutsu. On her right eye is
a [Rinnegan] but on her left eye is a deep blue eye with a white pupil filled with a crescent
moon-like pattern that curves to the right and a sclera that resembles the night sky.
Name: Kushina Uzumaki
Title: Red-Hot Habanero, Nine-Tails Jinchūriki, Goddess of Kunoichi, Uzumaki
Princess, Puppet of the Demon Goddess
Affiliation: Uzushiogakure, Konohagakure, Grimoire Heart
Level: 612

HP: ?
CP: ?
SP: ?
AP: ?
Thoughts about you: n/a
Current Status: Brainwashed
Special Traits: Rinnegan, Senrigan
[Senrigan]
Meaning Clairvoyance Eye, it has the ability to project one's consciousness to any
location to see and hear any present event, even taking place in a different dimension, as
well as any past event up to the moment of their birth. They also remain limited by the
context of what they can witness as they are unable to understand the information
beyond their natural general knowledge. They also cannot perceive events within a
separate spiritual or mental plane. It also gives the user access to Shinjutsu, though only
a small portion can be used by non Ōtsutsuki members.
"[Seringan]? I've never heard of it before." He narrows his eyes as he sees her body
absorbing energy from everywhere. "She's also absorbing natural energy like a sponge,
meaning that she can use Senjutsu." A nervous chuckle escaped his lips. "I'll give Rusty this,
he certainly outdid himself this time." But then he senses another similar energy signature
flying this way at fast speeds. "Oh what now!?"
He looks up and sees an extremely beautiful woman donning a Chakra Cloak like Kushina's
but it's violet. She has long hair cut in the 'Japanese Hime' style, wearing a sleeveless
kimono-style blouse with six magatama markings on her collar and a purple obi and short
dark navy shorts clinging to her jaw-dropping voluptuous hourglass figure that accentuated
her very large L-cup breasts and equally large heart-shaped ass, along with thigh-high
stockings and black open-toed boots. On her face are dark markings over her eyebrows and
lower eyelids that further accentuates her ethereal blue eyes with what resembled overlapping
white flower patterns, and a single horn protruding from her forehead.
Name: Hinata Hyūga
Title: Hyūga Princess, Legacy of the Moon, Byakugan Goddess
Affiliation: Hyuga Clan, Konohagakure, Allied Shinobi Forces (Former), Grimoire
Heart
Level: 612
HP: ?

MP: ?
SP: ?
AP: ?
Thoughts about you: n/a
Current Status: Brainwashed
Special Trait: Tenseigan
[Tenseigan]
Also known as the Reincarnation Eye and the evolved state of the Byakugan. All of the
abilities and benefits of the Byakugan are amplified at least a thousandfold, along with
removing its blind spot. Much like the Rinnegan, it allows one to easily master any jutsu
as well as all five basic nature transformations and its sub-elements as well as Yin-Yang
Release. It also allows one to enter the Tenseigan Chakra Mode, giving the user several
Truth-Seeking Balls as well as the ability to fly, but the form itself is very fragile for
inexperienced users.
"What the fuck!? He even got his hands on Hinata too!?" The clone yells in disbelief.
Almost immediately, however, Kushina charges forward with a Rasengan infused in black
flames.
"[Blaze Release: Rasengan]!" Kushina shouts as she attempts to hit the clone with the jutsu,
causing the clone to quickly evade and fly a considerable distance to avoid contact.
'Holy shit, she isn't playing around if she's combining [Rasengan] with [Blaze Release]!' The
clone thought in surprise. "Well, two can play that game! Trace on!"
From behind him, multiple swords materialize before the blades ignite
with [Amaterasu] flames.
"Have a taste of my original technique. "[Blaze Release: Blade Works]!" The flaming
swords rocket towards Kushina but when they get close, they hit some kind of barrier and
disintegrate while the rest crash on the ground and their black flames spread.
"Shit, forgot she can use the Six Paths Technique like me." He comments before Hinata
suddenly teleports in and uses her Gentle Fist to strike him in multiple parts of his body at
astonishing speeds, leaving him unable to counter.
"Grh…!" He grunts as his [Aura] took a considerable blow, but enough to completely
destroy it. "Need… to keep my distance!"
Hinata goes for a fatal blow but the clone uses [Substitution] at the last minute to change
places with a piece of debris and smashes it to dust while the clone is revealed to be
somewhere else in the city.

"I have to keep those two distracted." He uses [Limbo: Border Jail] to create a dozen
shadows of himself in Limbo and sends them all after the ascended duo.
He then closes his eyes and starts to focus.
Hinata and Kushina look to see the clones coming towards them thanks to their dōjutsu.
Kushina grabs two incoming fists, twisting their arms and throwing them at three other
clones and slashes at them with a sword made from a Truth-Seeking Orb. As more shadows
get closer, she dismantles them with swift and elegant movements that would likely make
even the likes of Beerus be impressed.
Hinata uses her [Protecting Eight Trigrams Sixty-Four Palms] to slice apart the remaining
clones with her enhanced high precision chakra blades that instantly tear them all to bits.
A shroud of royal blue energy coats the clone from head to toe, he gains two long horns on
both sides of his head, a full-bodied black suit with blue shoes over a blue full-length haori
with Rinnegan-like markings above nine magatama on his back and six magatama markings
are present on or around his collar with a ring of Truth Seeking Orbs appears behind his back.
This is his [Six Paths Sage Mode].
He opens both his eyes, with a third [Silver Rinne-Sharingan] opening on his forehead.
"[Wood Release Secret Technique: Nativity of a World of Trees]!"
Immediately, an ocean of trees bursts from the ground and swallows all of Alvarez while
wrapping those injured in a thick cocoon of wood to keep them safe.
The clone lands on one of the large branches quickly raising both hands, stopping two black
spears made from the Truth-Seeking Orbs in their tracks.
"You'll have to do better than that." He flicks both wrists and the Truth Seeking Orbs shoot
at supersonic speeds, destroying the trees and narrowly missing both Hinata and Kushina's
heads.
"[Sage Art: Yin Release Lightning Dispatch]!" He releases a myriad of purple lightning
from his fingers to his right.
Hinata leaps away just before the lighting eviscerates the foothold she was standing on. She
focuses her chakra into one of her Truth-Seeking Orbs and grasps it in her hand, creating a
massive silvery typhoon and throws it at him.
The clone sees the typhoon quickly closing in but it is instead canceled out and absorbed by
the Preta Path.
The clone then reappears behind Hinata via Instant Transmission and delivers a powerful
haymaker to her face, sending her through hundreds of trees before crashing directly in the
ruins of the royal palace.

She tries to get up but her body gives out and falls limp, her chakra cloak disappears and
reverts back to normal.
The clone senses Hinata's chakra signature weakening significantly and sighs.
"That's one down. Now where-" But he doesn't finish as [Adamantine Sealing
Chains] quickly ensnare and wrap around his body.
Kushina then descends in front of him with the chains coming from her lower back.
"Crap-" The clone is interrupted as his body is impaled by all of Kushina's orbs.
Kushina takes one of the orbs and transforms into a giant ax before raising it to the side,
ready to decapitate me.
"[Almighty Push]!" Kushina is blown back by a burst of gravity.
"AUGUST NOW!" He yelled.
Meanwhile, from one end of the continent, August slams his staff into the earth and a large
magic circle appears under his feet. "[Supreme King Rock Crush]!"
As Kushina free falls, the earth suddenly erupts and quickly ensnares her, completely
trapping her body upon hundreds of rocks and debris, leaving only her face visible.
The clone then shoots multiple Black Receivers on the artificial mountain and quickly a
myriad of symbols seep from the rods and spread everywhere.
"Gotta hurry!" He leaps towards the top and grabs Kushina's face with one hand.
Immediately, he starts draining Kushina's chakra, but starts having trouble absorbing it.
"Damn! It feels like her reserves go on forever! Just what did Rustyrose do to her!?
Turn her into a human Bijū or something!" The clone grunts.
The mountain prison begins to crumble around him.
"Dammit, the seal's already deteriorating. I need more time…!" He takes a deep
breath. "IRENE!"
A massive magic circle appears beneath and lights up causing the sealing symbols in the
mountain to light up as well, reinforcing it.
Kushina's face cringes into a scowl as she actively struggles to free herself.
Flakes of the clone's skin begin to fly off as his body begins to reach its limit.
"Damn. You're a real fighter, aren't ya?" I drily remark.
"[Stay]!"
"!" Kushina stops struggling, or rather, her body freezes in place.

The clone looks up and smiles. "Seilah!"
"Hurry, Asmodeus-sama! My hold will not last long." Seilah said.
He uses his other hand and absorbs more of her chakra, meanwhile a web of crimson cracks
appear on his arm and reach the right side of his face.
"HAAAAAAA!"
*BOOM!*
His right arm explodes, sending a depowered clone flying.
"Asmodeus-sama!" Seilah flies towards the clone and catches him.
Irene sees the flash of red light from her end and quickly teleports to the clone's side just to
find the clone resting on Seilah's lap.
The clone looks up and smiles at the immortal redhead. "Hey…"
"What happened?" Irene asks and the clone coughed.
"It seems I… bit more than I could chew… hehe." The clone moaned out. "That Rusty… he
really made a monster this time."
Irene turns back and looks up at Kushina who's still trying to break out.
"I won't let you escape." She raises her staff and Kushina's chakra starts to travel towards
Irene.
"Wait… don't-" The clone was about to warn her of the consequences of Senjutsu but to his
surprise, Irene was completely fine.
'How is Irene able to drain Kushina's chakra without getting turned to stone?' The clone
thought in confusion, before his eyes widened in realization. 'Of course! Irene uses [Sage
Dragon Slayer Magic], making her a Sage herself! She has a full mastery over natural
energy.' But a question lingers. 'But wait, shouldn't I be fine since I have [Infinity Dragon
Slayer Magic]? Maybe it's because I'm a clone and there's a limit to how much energy I can
absorb.'
Kushina is quickly drained of her remaining energy, turning back to normal and fainting from
the strain.
Seilah helps the clone up as her arm travels to the scorching red stump where his right arm
was. "Asmodeus-sama…"
"It's fine. Besides, this is a sign of the boss's strength. Before, us clones couldn't absorb that
much energy without popping like balloons." He massages his stump. "But now, those
consequences have been minimized. I can probably go on for much longer."

"... if you say so." Seilah said, sounding almost sad.
"Hey, hey, it's okay. There's no need to be sad." He lifts her chin and gives her a kiss. "I love
the new look, by the way. Makes you look wild, in a sexy way~"
Seilah blushes at the remark. "R-Really!?"
"A-hem." The two turn to Irene pointing to her lips.
"Hehehe. Sorry." He quickly gives Irene a kiss.
Just then, August teleports in and sees the mountain Kushina is trapped in. "It appears your
plan worked."
"It nearly didn't, to be honest." I admit.
Flashback
"I'm gonna keep her attention while you two get as far away from the city as possible." The
clone tells them.
"Why do you want us to go so far?" Irene asks.
"She can sense life energy like us, but on a grander scale. She can sense the spike in power
from across the planet." He states. "However, if I have her focus all of her senses on me, she
won't have time to react to your energy; it'll give you enough time to cast your spells."
"That's too risky. We don't even know what sort of modification they made on her." Irene
points out.
"All the more reason to let me fight her alone." He then stops for a brief second before
continuing. "We're out of time. I will give you both a signal when the time is right. Clear?"
The two mages nod.
"Now go." The clone orders and the two mages vanish.
Flashback ends
"The unexpected appearance of a third player almost threw off the whole plan. Good thing
that she was a bit of a glass cannon." He remarks as Seliah lets him go and stands on his own.
The Black Receivers vanish and August undoes his spell, letting the mountain break down
while Kushina is gently placed on the ground
The clone uses the Naraka Path and summons the [King of Hell] and it grabs the Uzumaki
princess with its tongue and places her in its mouth.
"I need to find the other woman before she wakes up. Meanwhile you three can round up
everyone and meet in the castle." The clone said.

"Understood." The trio said.
Guiltina - Ermina
"Gah!" Mercphobia falls but manages to stay afloat, nearly avoiding crushing the civilians
with his massive body.
"Grrraaaaaaah!" The earth under Dogramag begins to quake and suddenly large pieces of
land rise creating mountains.
The sounds of people screaming for their lives can be heard as they all either run or climb to
a safe place while those unlucky fall to their deaths.
"Stop it!" Elefseria's body glows as the pieces all sink back into the earth, returning Ermina
back to normal.
Mercphobia looks in awe as the city is reverted back to its former state. "Thank you,
Elefseria. Time clearly has not dulled your abilities."
Elefseria huffs. "It's thanks to that brat's training. I feel like I'm 200 years younger." His
body then emits a gold light. "Not only that, but this [Aura] and [Ki] is a wonderful asset.
I am so full of energy, I could fly around the world at least a thousand times!" He
continues. "But are you sure you will be alright? I can feel your leftover magic fading
away."
"I will be fine. My [Aura] is keeping my power stable for now." He assured him. "If what
Asmodeus said is correct, then Dogramag is brainwashed and enhanced by that
Rustyrose individual using the Chaos Emerald. There's no telling how much he has
been changed, especially given the horrific descriptions of said enhancements by the
rescued victims of Rustyrose." The Water Dragon God grimaced, remembering the detailed
descriptions they gave him, the lethal surgeries the women went through to increase their
power and maximize their sexuality for the sake of that madman's depraved fantasies.
"Yes. Which means we cannot hold back against him. Especially since it seems that the
woman may actually be the more dangerous out of the two." Elefseria notes, eying the
kunoichi standing on top of the dragon's head unfazed.
Goryu leaps off Dogramag's head before a violet shroud surrounds her and grows into a giant
ethereal warrior-like avatar with a set of large wings on its back and a giant broadsword on its
right hand and an equally large shield strapped on its left wrist.
The two dragons look in shock as the woman transforms into a giant seemingly in an instant.
"What… is that!?" Elefseria said.
"It's called the [Susano'o]. And it is the ultimate technique of the [Sharingan]."
The two dragons look up and see the Sagiri twins flying just above them along with
Asmodeus, the sisters' respective black and white attires make it easy to identify who's who.

"Hi~" Yuko waves at them with her friendly smile.
Yoko simply stares down at them with a stoic expression before her eyes wander to
the [Susano'o] and the person in its forehead jewel.
"You three… what are you doing here?" Mercphobia asks the trio.
"The boss thought you two could use an extra pair of hands." The clone glances at the enemy.
Name: Goryu
Title: Masochistic Shinobi, Pseudo-Uchiha, Puppet of the Demon Goddess
Affiliation: Tobishiro Clan (Former), Grimoire Heart
Level: 460
HP: 2,609,443
MP: 2,745,901
SP: 2,444,544
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Current Status: Brainwashed
Name: Dogramag
Title: Earth Dragon God, Puppet of the Demon Goddess
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods (Former), Grimoire Heart
Level: 405
HP: 1,688,511
MP: 2,499,312
SP: 2,600,544
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: None
Current Status: Brainwashed
This causes Elefseria to look at him skeptically. "You are not Asmodeus?"

"Nope. I'm just a clone sent here to help you in case you need it. Though that's likely not
gonna happen thanks to these beauties here." He gestures to the Sagiri twins.
Yuko nods. "Yup! We're here to slay an evil dragon!"
"The fact that Goryu is from our universe and a former colleague of mine also contributed to
Asmodeus-sama's decision, especially since I wished to save her and give her a new chance
at life just like Asmodeus-sama did for me." Yoko stated, knowing that even with her ninja
training and sadomasochistic tendencies, Goryu NEVER truly wanted to serve the wretched
Tobishiro clan, not to mention that NO female deserves to endure such a horrific fate as being
the pawn and sex doll of a disgusting rat like Rustyrose, a sentiment her twin wholeheartedly
agreed with.
"Asmodeus-kun also made sure to imbue our swords with [Enchantments] of [Dragon
Slayer Magic] so that they would be effective against dragons like that big guy over there."
Yuko explains.
"Damn… the brat sure plans ahead." Elefseria says in awe.
"Although… he didn't give us anything to help deal with THAT." Yuko adds, pointing to the
violet [Susano'o]. "It would have been nice to give us a little heads-up before getting sent
here. Right, Asmodeus-kun?" She says to clone with a clear edge in her tone.
The clone shrugs. "Don't look at me. I had no idea this would happen."
"But you're him though. So what he knows, you should know also." Yuko points out a bit
bluntly.
"It doesn't matter. Our training should be enough." Yoko cuts in, her annoyed tone contrasting
her twin's overly sweet one. "We will fight Goryu, while you two fight off that oaf-looking
dragon."
"You're pretty confident, nee-san. It's been a long time since we fought together like this."
Yuko remarks with a loving smile.
During their two years in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber, Yoko finally revealed her reason for
joining the Tobishiro Clan to Yuko as well as their father's connection to it all. Yuko's
reaction to the revelation was expected: anger, denial, grief, and finally acceptance. Granted,
it took a long while for Yuko to come to terms with it, but she understood why Yoko did what
she did and ultimately forgave her, rekindling their relationship even if it is still a little rocky.
"Asmodeus-sama put a lot of effort in training us in [Aura, [Ki, martial arts, and
swordsmanship, along with granting us additional benefits and helping us. I am confident in
how much we have grown, and I REFUSE to let our leader and husband's efforts be in vain."
Yoko replies in response to her twin.
"True enough, and I agree, our beloved has put all of his faith in us that I would never forgive
myself if I let him down." Yuko says in a more serious tone, before softening and looking at

the dragons. "If you two need help in taking out that dragon, please let us know and one of us
will come to help immediately."
After saying this, Yuko uses [Salvation] on the two dragons, healing their bodies and
replenishing their strength before the fight begins.
Yoko, meanwhile, quickly appears before Dogramag and performs
an [Aura] and [Ki] enhanced slash across his face with her sword, leaving a nasty large scar
that takes out his right eye, effectively blinding the dragon as he roars in pain.
The two sisters then quickly turn their attention to Goryu and fly towards her.
"Thank goodness, it would have been trickier to face Dogramag with our accumulated
injuries." Elefseria says in relief.
"Indeed, but the real challenge lies ahead. Ready for round two?" Mercphobia
rhetorically asks.
Elefseria huffs. "Do you even need to ask?"
"Take heed. Rusty likes to give his pawns all sorts of enhancements and surprises that even I
can't always foresee. Be ready for anything." The clone warns them.
"Are you not going to fight as well?" Merchphobia asks and the clone shakes his head.
"I want to see just how strong the twins have become. If Goryu starts to overwhelm them,
then I will certainly step in. Until then, I will be watching you all from a safe distance. Try
not to die now!" He says and disappears from sight.
"What kind of man leaves two lovely maidens to fend for themselves while he watches
from afar!? Does he have no shame!?" An outraged Elefseria yells.
"That doesn't matter. We need to get Dogramag out of the city." Mercphobia told him.
The two dragons wasted no time and fired concentrated beams at the half-blinded dragon
god, pushing his body straight towards the harbor and falling into the ocean.
"There. Now Dogramag can't destroy the city." Mercphobia states.
"But what would stop him from simply shifting the tectonic plates below?" Elefseria
asked.
"That is why we must finish this before the fool can cause more irreparable harm." With
that, Mechphobia rockets forward and dives head-first into the ocean.
Elefseria summons a bubble and leaps into the sea and promptly dives in.
Meanwhile, the Asmodeus clone watches everything playing out while hunched over on a
nearby rooftop.

"I am tempted to join them, but for now, I should just observe to see how far they have all
grown from their training. Besides, Goryu is currently the stronger of the two anyways." The
clone says to himself while observing the situation, knowing that the four of them wouldn't
be able to truly show their growth if he did all of the heavy lifting, not to mention he was sent
to aid if necessary.
The [Susano'o] swings its sword downwards, creating a whirlwind that blows the twins back.
"Haa!" Yoko and Yuko auras flare amber and pink respectively as they stop their momentum.
The Sagiri sisters then begin to shoot a barrage of Ki blasts all around
Goryu's [Susano'o, resulting in a mass swarm of orbs of [Ki] floating around Goryu.
"[Mass Hellzone Grenade]!" The sisters yell simultaneously as the swarm of [Ki] spheres
suddenly fly towards the [Susano'o, resulting in a large series of countless powerful
explosions.
"Don't let your guard down, Yuko. Asmodeus-kun did say that [Susano'o] was a defensive
and offensive ability of the highest caliber. But hopefully that barrage at least weakened it or
drained a good amount of Goryu's power." Yoko warned her twin.
Suddenly, the [Susano'o] rockets out of the smoke, but the sisters manage to leap away in
time.
"You were saying!?" Yuko yelled.
The avatar looks up at Yuko and space starts to twist behind her.
"Behind you!" Yoko yells.
"!" Yuko flies away just as a meteor flies out of the tear and crashes into the earth below.
"Thanks for the heads-up. But what was that!?" Yuko exclaims.
"It's the [Kamui] remember? Goryu is likely using it to pull things from other dimensions."
Yoko surmises.
Multiple tears appear around them as flames, ice shards, wind blades, and other objects
rocket towards the girls but they manage to get away from them.
Space begins to twist around the avatar, causing the area around it to become distorted.
"She's trying to keep us away. The space around her is becoming completely distorted. At this
rate, we won't be able to get close to her let alone fight her." Yuko states.
"Yes… Goryu can be nasty when she wants to." Yoko raises her katana. "I suppose… it's time
to put this to good use."
Yuko's eyes widened. "Nee-san, are you sure about this? Remember what Asmodeus-kun's
clone said."

Flashback
The three stand in front of a tear as Asmodeus' clone imbues their katanas with power.
"There. Now your weapons can cut down even the toughest of armor without effort along
with dragon slaying properties." He hands the swords back to the twins.
"Thank you, Asmodeus-sama." Yoko respectfully bows to her master.
"There is one thing though that you should know. I took the liberty of adding a
transformation enchantment to the swords, you simply need to say [Limit Break] and it'll do
the rest." His expression then hardens. "However, the enchantment will last for 5 minutes so
only invoke it when you feel that you're in a tight spot, okay?"
The sisters nod.
"Alright, remember I will only step in when it's absolutely necessary. So please try not to
die." He flashes them a big grin. "Let's go!" He then jumps into the tear excitedly.
The Sagiris look at each other perplexed before turning back to the tear.
"Well, I do remember him saying that his clones embody one aspect of himself." Yuko
sheepishly chuckles.
Yoko grips tightly on the scabbard. "Let's go."
With that, the two sisters jump into the portal.
Flashback ends
Yoko grabs the hilt of her katana. "[Limit Break]!" She unsheathes her blade and is bathed
in a column of light.
Yuko covers her eyes from the intense light. "Nee-san!"
From a distance, the Asmodeus clone sits on a rooftop and watches everything unfolding
with a keen interest.
"It's still a bit early, but I suppose it's as good a time as any." He smiles as she watches his
woman transform. "Now, show us what you can do, my buxom assassins."
When the light fades, Yoko is seen largely unchanged, except for the silver-gray armor that
covers her entire arm as well as her right eye glowing green along with a green tattoo running
across her right cheek.
Her katana has also changed. It now takes the form of a large Dao sword coated with a silver
aura.
"You look amazing, nee-san!" Yuko compliments before glancing at her own katana and
shakes her head. "I will hold off on using [Limit Break] for the time being, but I'll try to help

in any way I can."
Yoko rockets towards Goryu firing a barrage of ki blasts at her avatar, but they simply vanish
when they reach the distortion.
"Time to see what this power can do!" Yoko raises her sword and quickly swings it, sending
an arc of energy that cuts through the spatial distortion.
The [Susano'o] raises its shield just in time to block Yoko's strike. The resulting collision
sends a shockwave so sharp that it slices through any structure caught in its path.
"!?" The clone stands up as apprehension is plastered all over his face. "I thought that shield
looked familiar, it's the [Yata Mirror]!" He then glances at the sword. "Which means that
must be the [Totsuka Blade]! To think a pseudo-Uchiha would manifest such a dangerous set
of weapons. I may need to step in sooner than I thought."
"Nee-san, let's try to sever the arm holding that shield! Taking that out will make it easier to
defeat Goryu!" Yuko shouts to her twin, who nods in understanding before both fly towards
its shield arm.
The [Susano'o] tries to intercept them by slashing with its broadsword, but thankfully both
twins manage to dodge it.
"Take this!" Yoko yells upon getting close to the left arm of the [Susano'o] and prepares
another slash attack on the exposed parts, though this one was augmented further
with [Aura] and [Ki]. The attack left a massive gash in the arm, though it failed to fully sever
said limb, but Yuko quickly rectified that with an immediate follow-up slash that she also
imbued with [Aura] and [Ki, ultimately succeeding in separating the [Yata Mirror] from the
rest of the [Susano'o].
"Not bad, they succeeded in taking out its primary means of defense." The clone says in an
impressed voice.
The [Susano'o] goes on the full offensive, swinging its massive broadsword in the hopes of
getting the twins. However, because they severed its left arm earlier, it has left the avatar out
of balance causing its swings to be more wild and unable to land a hit.
"Let's take out the remaining arm and then we can proceed with the head!" Yuko yells,
getting a nod before the sisters fly to sever the remaining arm.
However, to their shock, the position of the [Susano'o] suddenly shifts with its broadsword
being dangerously close to hitting both of them, but they were thankfully saved by the
intervention of Asmodeus' clone who pushes it back with the Deva Path, causing it to fall.
"Thank goodness I made it in time. It would have been bad news if you guys were hit by that
sword." The clone notes. "Rusty really doesn't hold back in enhancing his victims."
"What do you mean, Asmodeus-sama? And how was it suddenly in a different position or its
blade so close to suddenly hitting us?" Yoko asked in confusion.

"It appears that in addition to the abilities of the [Mangekyo Sharingan] like
the [Kamui] and [Susano'o, Rusty seems to have granted her an offshoot of [Time
Manipulation]." The clones reveal to the shock of the Sagiri sisters. "In addition, Goryu
possesses the [Totsuka Blade] which seals anyone it pierces and sends them to an illusion of
'world of drunken dreams' for all eternity."
"If that sword had hit us…" Yuko whispers as she puts the pieces together.
"You'd be sealed away forever in a dream world that you'd never want to escape from." The
clone states. "Quite an oxymoron, isn't it? The perfect prison is one where the prisoner
doesn't want to leave."
"But then how do we stop her if she'll just stop time on us?"
The avatar slowly rises up and marches forward.
"Leave that to me." He turns to the [Susano'o] who uses its time power to stand before them.
A small purple and black ball grows in front of its mouth, until it becomes nearly the size of
his face.
It raises the [Totsuka Blade] and swings it down.
He leans forward and shoots a black, purple, and white beam from it, with white gusts of aura
bursting from the beam as it is fired.
The beam collides with the sword and it immediately ages it until it turns into dust in its
hands, but it doesn't stop and hits the avatar's shoulder armor, breaking apart and turning to
dust as well.
"Huh. So that's how the [Roar of Time] works. Neat." He wheezes out as fatigue sets in. "I'm
going to take a step back. Take the shot, girls…"
The sisters watch the clone fly away before turning to each other.
"Ready?" Yoko asks her sister.
"Yeah!" Yuko nods with a beaming smile.
The [Susano'o] straightens itself as it activates [Kamui] to get away.
"Oh no you don't! We're ending this now and saving you from that scumbag!" Yoko says
before she and Yuko rapidly fly towards the head of the [Susano'o] with both of their swords
at the ready and augmented with [Aura] and [Ki].
"[Sagiri Style Secret Art: Dual Infinite Death Slash]!" The twins yell before unleashing a
flurry of slashes that ended up spreading across its body, severing the head from the rapidly
disintegrating body, though the head began to disintegrate as well, leaving Goryu exposed.

"[Limit Break]!" Yuko yells before being engulfed in light, which dissipates to reveal Yuko
takes on a similar appearance to her sister, though her eyes were Royal blue instead of green
and armor is on her left arm instead of her right.
Goryu's [Chakra] flares as she attempts to fight them off, but is too slow in the end.
"[Dual Incapacitation Strikes]!" The sisters yell before unleashing another flurry of sword
strikes and slashes, though these intentionally hit non-vital areas to ensure Goryu wouldn't
die, but was more than enough to knock her out in the end.
"Thank goodness it's over now." Yuko then pats her sister's back. "Don't worry, Nee-san.
Asmodeus-kun will break her out of her brainwashing, and I will do whatever I can to help
him if possible."
"Thank you, Yuko. And I have faith in our husband's ability to free her." Yoko gives her sister
a light smile.
*CRACK!*
Yoko looks down to see her blade break apart along with her armor.
"Looks like my time is up." Yoko notes as her right eye returns to normal.
"Good job, you two. Always good to know you girls have such a high regard for me." The
clone says while flying in, though was briefly caught off-guard when Yoko brought him into
a searing kiss, with Yuko immediately doing the same afterwards. "What was that for?"
"For everything you have done for us. For training us and helping us acquire abilities beyond
our wildest dreams, for helping us reconcile and mending our broken sisterly bond, and now
for giving us the chance to save my comrade, Asmodeus-sama." Yoko says in a loving tone.
"We can never fully repay you, Asmodeus-kun, but you can expect nothing but our absolute
devotion and love as your subordinates and wives." Yuko agrees.
"Aw geez, ladies." The clone blushes in embarrassment. "I'm just a clone, I'm not the
original."
"To us it makes no difference. You are still Asmodeus-sama in our eyes." Yoko said firmly.
*BOOM!*
The trio turn to see Dogramag flying out of the ocean and back into the city with Elefseria
and Mercphobia following soon after.
"It seems Elefseria and Mercphobia are now doing better against Dogramag, but we should
go over there to assist if necessary." The clone says before summoning the [King of
Hell, which quickly grabs and swallows Goryu.
"What is that thing?" Yuko asked in confusion before pulling back as its eyes gaze right at
her. "Eek!"

"A special being I can summon and control at will called the [King of Hell]. It serves a
variety of functions, including as a form of interdimensional storage and a means of healing
virtually any conditions, including both physical and mental." The clone explains as he taps
the summon's side. "By keeping Goryu inside of it, we won't need to worry about Rusty using
her to fight us again, and it will also purge the brainwashing from her mind and heal her
injuries, though we'll need to examine her later to ensure no lasting consequences on her
body and mind or any other nasty surprises."
"Would you mind if I assist in the examinations, Asmodeus-kun?" Yuko asks in a hopeful
tone.
"Not at all, though try not to get in Lamy's way when examining her. She hates it when others
get in the way of her work." The clone informs her.
The clone then turns to see the dragons fighting and can't help but notice something.
"Those three are evenly matched. At this rate, they'll never be a victor." He then looks at the
setting sun on the horizon. "We're wasting time here."
"Indeed, the night is approaching, meaning Rusty's plans will likely come to fruition soon."
Yoko noted in a serious tone. "We better help those two beat that dumb lizard so we can be
ready in time."
"And I know just how to do it, let's go." The clone says before the trio fly off.
The clone summons his black [Susano'o] though instead of being fully armored, this one is
largely humanoid with blade-like protrusions coming out of his forearms and legs. Its face
appears normal with the exception of a single long horn sprouting from its forehead.
"Trace on!" The avatar raises its hand and a copy of Goryu's [Totsuka Blade] materializes.
Mercphobia and Elefseria turn to see the familiar yet different avatar approaching them at
high speeds.
The clone raises the sword and stabs Dogramag in the back and the dragon quickly roars in
pain.
Immediately, the dragon is dragged into the jar strapped on the [Susano'o] until it is
completely absorbed and the jar is sealed with a cork.
"Finally! That battle was getting exhausting after a while." Elefseria complained as he
and Mercphobia assumed their human forms.
"We appreciate your assistance, Asmodeus-san. I'm not sure how much longer we would
have lasted, given how strong Dogramag had become." Mercphobia says in a grateful tone.
"No problem, but let's save the congratulations until we defeat Rustyrose." The clone replies
as night finally overtakes the sky.
"We're running out of time."

Elentear - White Village
Xeno Vegeta throws a punch only to be countered by another punch from a photo-negative
clone of the Saiyan Prince.
"Grr!" Xeno Vegeta growls and proceeds to send a barrage of punches and kicks, each of
which the clone counters perfectly.
Xeno Vegeta curls his fingers and places both his hands together at chest level facing the
same direction as ki gathers at its center.
The clone follows suit, energy gathering in its hands.
"Galick Gun!" He thrusts both hands forward to fire a powerful, huge, fuchsia-colored ki
beam at his opponent.
The clone fires a Galick Gun as well and the two beams collide, exploding on contact.
"Dammit! Now I'm really annoyed!" The annoyed Xeno Vegeta then rushes to his
doppelgänger and the two fight.
He wasn't the only one, however, as everyone was fighting photo-negative versions of
themselves.
It appears that Rusty had upgraded Zoldeo's magic and now possesses the unique ability to
manifest dark reflections of others that were just as powerful as the originals with the same
abilities and skills.
And the best part? They are every bit as strong as their original counterparts.
However, Brandish was the first to note that while the copies may have had access to all of
their abilities and skills, they did not have any [Aura, meaning they aren't as durable as they
are.
So, the girls started to infuse [Aura] into their attacks and the clones couldn't counter them,
which forced them into a corner.
"Haa!" Super 18 infuses her kicks in [Aura] causing her doppelgänger to stay on the
defensive as she cannot keep up with her attacks.
21 creates a large ki blast infused with [Aura] and launches it at her clone as it tries to repel
with her own ki beam, but it doesn't stop and it gets engulfed in the resulting explosion.
Mammon delivers an ax kick at her clone but it manages to block it. However, it didn't sense
the incoming mass rocketing towards it and they were both sent flying.
"Hmph! There is only room for one Belial in this universe, and it's me!" Belial proudly
declares.

Sariel fights her doppelgänger with her spear, however, the clone isn't able to keep up with
her enhanced reflexes thanks to her [Aura] and is soon overwhelmed.
Dimaria fights her doppelgänger in a sword duel but they are both evenly matched. She
growls but soon calms down, not letting her emotions deter her in battle.
She starts to channel her [Aura] into her sword and uses [Âge Seal] and rushes at the clone
fast enough to deliver a lethal slash before it can react and disappears into smoke.
Brandish flickers in and out of sight as she avoids her doppelgänger's ki shots. She rushes
forward and strikes her clone with an aura-infused haymaker before going for another and
another.
The doppelgänger has no way of defending itself, pieces of its face fly off with every blow.
Brandish raises her arm and uses [Command T] to enlarge it to the size of a mountain before
throwing it at her clone and crushing it into a pulp.
She turns her attention to Zoldeo and her body bursts with a powerful aura.
"NOW YOU PAY!" Brandish flies to the reanimated dark mage at astonishing speeds, her
hands illuminating as she charges a powerful ki technique.
Only for her body to suddenly freeze in place just as she is mere inches away from the
bastard.
"What!?" Brandish tries to move but finds that she can't. "What the hell is this!?"
The view changes to the black/white haired woman who waves her hand and Brandish
rockets off the cliffside.
Thinking quickly, Brandish stops her fall and flies back to the top and rendezvous with the
other girls.
Dimaria quickly rushes to her friend. "You okay, Brandi?"
"I'm fine." She grunts as she glares at the distant form of Zoldeo. "That bastard must be
laughing at me! I was this close to wiping him off the face of this world! But that BITCH had
to get in my way!"
"Calm down. You won't get anywhere if you let your anger control you like this." Belial told
her.
"Then you tell me how I'm supposed to handle my mother's KILLER! Because I'm ALL
EARS right now!" Brandish snaps at the demon lord.
The area grows silent at the reveal, nobody knew how to respond after that revelation.
"Fight. Fight with every bit of strength and will as your mother."

The group of girls turn to see Xeno Vegeta descending towards them with his arms crossed.
"Oh, it's you." Brandish huffed.
"If you want to avenge your mother, then you must have the strength to match that resolve."
Vegeta states.
This makes Brandish even angrier. "And what do you know about revenge!? What do you
know about losing loved ones!?"
The two didn't say a word, the sounds of snow whistling and dancing around them as
everyone stood in place, like ice sculptures.
Finally… Vegeta spoke.
"I was once the prince of the mighty Saiyan race, but we were subdued, enslaved by a tyrant
who saw us as nothing but ants. Then he decided to destroy my planet and everyone on it,
only I and Kakarot are the last survivors now." He takes a deep breath. "I served that bastard
for most of my life, ramsaking planet after planet just so that bastard could make a quick
buck. For years, I have festered my hatred for Frieza, hoping that one day I would be able to
avenge the Saiyan race. And when I finally thought I was strong enough to face him… I may
as well have been another insect for him to squash. It was only because of Kakarot that Frieza
was destroyed and the Saiyan race finally avenged."
Brandish tilts her head in confusion. "What are you saying?"
Tick marks appear on Xeno Vegeta's forehead. "DO I NEED TO SPELL IT OUT FOR
YOU!?" He yells before calming down. "I wasn't strong enough to kill Frieza. Meanwhile,
Kakarot was able to pull it off even though he didn't even know Frieza existed until a few
hours ago." He says with melancholy in his tone. "I dedicated myself to killing Frieza, and I
ultimately failed. But Kakarot was dedicated to defending his friends, and he succeeded. You
must find the resolve to rise and defeat him if you wish to attain the necessary strength. And
don't be afraid to ask for help."
Brandish just looks at the Saiyan like he grew a second head. From the moment she saw him,
she figured he was a prideful and uptight fool who thinks the world revolves around him.
Now she realizes that's all a front to hide the wiser side of him.
"You sound like a dad." Brandish bluntly said.
"I am a father." Xeno Vegeta shoots back, surprising the mage.
"Really? How does she stand you?" Brandish asked, genuinely curious about the woman who
can stand his attitude.
Xeno Vegeta's face twitches. "You're walking on thin ice here, brat. I suggest you choose
your next words carefully."
"Stupid." Brandish then blows a raspberry, angering the prince.

"WHY YOU-!" Xeno Vegeta was about to yell when a hand stopped him.
"Now is not the time for useless bickering. We need to figure out a way to defeat them." 21
states.
"Indeed. I couldn't have said it better myself."
Everyone turns to see Asmodeus and Lady Avalon walking out of what looks like a tear in
reality.
"Hi~" Lady Avalon gives them a friendly wave.
"Master!" The girls yell, happy to see him. Especially Brandish, who immediately latches
onto him like a fridge magnet.
18, 21, and Xeno Vegeta, however, can sense that Asmodeus' energy was somewhat off from
the one they know, though the former 2 were quick to understand why.
"Who are you? You feel like him, but not truly." Xeno Vegeta grunted.
"That's because I am a clone of Asmodeus. He sent me here to help you." he explains.
"And I tagged along!" Lady Avalon exclaims before glancing at the two adversaries.
"That Asmodeus is full of surprises." Xeno Vegeta notes, with 18 and 21 nodding in
agreement.
The clone looks around and turns to Brandish. "Where are the Moonlit Divinities?"
"They left to make sure the villagers made it out of the mountain safely." Mammon said.
"The fox-faced girl wanted to stay however, but Mr. Vegeta here told the girl no and literally
kicked her off the mountain." Belial adds.
The clone turns to Xeno Vegeta with a look. "Seriously?"
"It's that idiot's fault for not being able to see just how outclassed she was." Xeno Vegeta
reasoned.
"He's right, too. I can taste the absurd magical energy those two are emanating from here.
And it's foul as heck!" Lady Avalon gagged.
"Lady Avalon and I will handle the other individual, while you guys focus on Zoldeo. But
don't let your guard down, as I believe we have yet to see what he is fully capable of." The
clone informs them.
"Are you sure you don't want the rest of us to help you fight that woman Asmodeus-sama?"
Brandish asked in concern, momentarily shelving her desire to avenge her mother to help her
beloved master and husband.

"It's fine, besides, like I said, Zoldeo likely hasn't shown what he is fully capable of, so it may
take all of you to stop him. And I sense that the woman is far more dangerous and gifted in
magic, meaning she'll be better suited for Lady Avalon and myself." The clone reassures her.
"Hmph. All of us against one puny man seems excessive." Xeno Vegeta scoffs.
"Vegeta, I know what you and Goku are capable of, and believe me when I say I respect and
admire the two of you a great deal, but do NOT underestimate Zoldeo. There's no telling
what he's capable of now thanks to Rustyrose and Towa, especially since they have a Chaos
Emerald. 18 and 21 can attest to just how dangerous and troublesome the duo and anyone
they use are." The clone warns the Saiyan Prince.
"He's right, Vegeta. And 21 and I would rather die than to be back in that bastard's clutches
again, let alone him succeeding in his twisted fantasy world." 18 agrees.
"Plus, I can tell this is important for Brandish, and if Zoldeo is capable of a lot worse, it
would be wise for her to have backup." The clone says before looking at Brandish. "I know
how important this is for you, and I have faith in your abilities, but you don't have to do this
alone. And if you need my help, I will give it in a heartbeat."
Brandish nods in understanding, mentally overjoyed at her husband's support.
"Hm…" The clone turns his attention to the two mages.
Name: Zoldeo
Title: Caprico, Defiler of Spirits
Affiliation: Grimoire Heart
Level: 401
HP: 1,777,000
MP: 2,001,331
SP: 1,545,131
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Name: Wanda Zatara
Title: White Witch
Affiliation: Grimoire Heart
Level: 414
HP: 2,034,677

MP: 3,773,801
SP: 1,998,071
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
'Holy shit, that girl is some kind of fusion of Wanda Maximoff from Marvel and Zatanna
Zatara from DC?! Her general appearance and outfit greatly resembles Wanda but her
fishnets, the white color of her leotard, her black hair, and last name belongs to
Zatanna.' The clone thought in shock. 'Damn it, this will NOT be easy. Wanda and Zatanna
are among the all-time greatest magic-users in their respective franchises, and a fusion of
them will be at least tens of times greater than their combined power, talent, and potential.
And that's WITHOUT taking [Chaos Energy] into consideration.'
"You can tell, right?" The clone turns to Lady Avalon. "That woman's power is much greater
than the others."
"Yeah… she's also a fusion of two powerful sorceresses." The clone said.
"Anything else?"
"She makes True Magic look like child's play." He adds.
"Oh dear." Lady Avalon nervously chuckles. "I guess I can't just run away this time."
"No, and I'd drag you back ass first if you did." He said.
"Ara, ara~ are you coming at me, Master? So forward~" Lady Avalon playfully teased. "But
first, how about we go somewhere else? Some place with more room and no gawking
hussies?"
The group of women glare daggers at the court mage.
"And I assume you already have a place in mind?" The clone rhetorically asks.
With a wave of her staff, Lady Avalon teleports them all to… the same spot they were
before?
"What's going on, Avalon? Why are we still-" He then stops as he notices the thin, but visible
edges in his surroundings, but that wasn't all.
Everything was still, absolutely frozen. He also couldn't hear, smell, or sense anything. Even
the snow under his white boots didn't feel right.
"Welcome to the [Mirror Dimension]." Lady Avalon exclaims. "It is an ever-present but
undetectable dimensional plain that co-exists with the real world. Anything that happens in
the mirror dimension doesn't affect the real-world, making it ideal for training and destructive
battles."

'Oh right, it was in the Doctor Strange movie if I remember right.' The clone walks up to
Xeno Vegeta and tries to touch him only for his finger to phase through his visage like
air. 'It's pretty cool to look at.'
"I'm pretty sure you did something similar, back when you and Natsu fought off that
corrupted Seraphin." Lady Avalon said.
The clone then remembers the encounter. "Oh yeah. [Payback Over Requiem] sent us to
another dimension. I didn't have time to comprehend what my Stand did and just started to
fight."
The court mage waves her staff and the whole realm shakes violently, transforming the entire
mountain range into a massive open space.
"Being able to watch the ever present means watching infinite possibilities in infinite
timelines, and thereby learning a ton of spells which is especially useful when you're sealed
in a realm disconnected from everything, including time." Lady Avalon states with a smirk.
'Damn, guess I should be glad I don't have to worry about Avalon's loyalty thanks to
the [Isekai Summoning Staff], not to mention her feelings for me. Because she would be a
TERRIFYING enemy otherwise.' The clone couldn't help but think as he stared at Avalon's
beautiful smile.
"By the way," Avalon's angelic voice snaps him out of his inner monologue. "I think our cute
stage performer has finally gotten tired of waiting."
The world shifts again and they are pulled forward until Wanda is right in front of them.
"Oh dear, it seems she can manipulate this dimension just as well as I can." Lady Avalon
said, slightly surprised.
Wanda slowly raises her arms up.
"Any suggestions?" The clone asks his partner.
"Just one: how good is your Logomancy?" Lady Avalon said.
"Tekcor reh ot eht sdne fo siht dlrow (Rocket her to the ends of this world)." Wanda says
backwards and suddenly Avalon is blasted away at impossible speeds.
"Avalon!" I yell as her figure becomes smaller until she's no longer visible.
"Elkcahs ym eof. (Shackle my foe)." Chains of light appear and wrap around him in a vice
grip, binding him in place and collapsing.
The clone struggles to break out of the chains even with his incredible strength.
'Shit, this just got a lot harder, but how do I counter someone like this? Wanda Maximoff is
already a powerful reality and probability manipulator thanks to her [Chaos Magic, but with
the added potential and power of Zatanna and [Chaos Energy], there's no telling what she

can do!' The clone couldn't help but think, getting nervous before an idea crossed his
mind. 'The best way to counter this is with my own logic-defying abilities at my disposal.'
The clone stands up and activates [Chaos Mode], his entire being surging with [Chaos
Energy] and further augmented with [Aura].
'My [Chaos Energy] is more potent and much more powerful than her [Chaos Magic] on its
own. And mixing it with my [Aura] should protect me from her own reality-warping
capabilities.' The clone thinks excitedly, before becoming more serious as he breaks his
bindings. 'But this alone won't be enough. Let's see how this White Witch likes a combination
of [Almighty Magic] and [Chaos Energy]!'
Accessing [Almighty Magic] in conjunction with his [Infinity Dragon Slayer Magic] and
augmenting it with [Chaos Energy, he prepares his next spell.
"[Infinity Dragon's Purgatory Blast]!" The clone unleashes a powerful blast at Wanda.
Wanda immediately encompasses herself in a red and blue magical barrier, but is quickly
blown away by the attack.
"Let's try magic from that Broken Demon Lord." The clone raises his hand up as a giant
magical pattern right above him. "[Jio Graze]."
As soon as he said that, a miniature black sun came out of the center of the magic circle.
He points at Wanda and the black sun quickly rockets towards the witch until it makes
impact.
However, instead of an explosion, the sun is held suspended by the White Witch's magic.
"She can stop even Anos' magic!? That's incredible… and very concerning." The clone said
with a bit of fright in his tone.
However, he quickly notices her magic wavering under the pressure of the powerful spell.
"Although it seems it's taking everything she has to hold off that thing. I guess even broken
witches can have limits after all." He notes.
"... a… e…?"
"?" The clone looks around for the source of that sound.
"...an… hear…?"
"That sounded like words just now…" He mutters and tries to focus.
"Hello! HELLO! Can you hear me!?" A woman's voice echoes in my mind. "Finally! I
managed to break through!"

The clone's brows furrowed at the unrecognizable voice before he put the pieces together.
"You're… Wanda, right?"
"Yes! Oh my god, you have no idea how happy I am to speak to another living being!" Wanda
excitedly shouts. "I've been trapped in my own mind for months! Meanwhile, some slimy
bastards had their way with my body doing god knows what with me! Urgh, I can still feel
their fingers going inside me, painfully altering my source so that they can get more out of
me!"
Yikes. "Hold on, how are we even talking? I thought Rusty's brainwashing usually leaves his
victims as super sexy drones that do his bidding."
Although the clone couldn't see it, he can feel the smugness Wanda is radiating.
"Like those two-bit knockoffs can contain a true sorceress. Though granted, they did use a
form of energy that seemed to eclipse [Chaos Magic], something I never thought possible. It's
too bad they don't know how to use it properly or else I would consider them a real
threat." Wanda states. "As for how we're talking, since the energy from your spell draws from
the same source as the one controlling my body, it's causing interference, allowing my
consciousness to contact the closest mind in range, which is yours."
"So does that mean you can break out of his control?" The clone asks.
"I'm trying but I can't concentrate with this blasted THING hovering over my head! How did
you even manage to conjure this and still be standing!? Usually, this sort of thing would
drain the caster's magic until they faint." Wanda points out.
"Oh I have mana for days, sweetheart. That and stamina." The clone grins before an idea
pops into his mind. "I got an idea! Trace on!"
He raises his left hand and an iridescent and jagged dagger appears as he grabs it. It appears
ceremonial, with a thin, brittle, and blunt blade that would be unless in a fight.
[Rule Breaker] - Rank: C
Also known as Destroyer of All Talismans. It is not a blade used for combat, but rather
its actual purpose is that of a key used for rituals. Greatly differing from other Noble
Phantasms, it is a Conceptual Weapon that embodies Medea's nature as the "Witch of
Betrayal" allowing her to destroy and dispel any form of magic that the blade pierces
returning them into their original components in a state "before they were made."
"What is that? The engraving on the handle suggests it is Greek in origin, not to mention the
blade is embedded with powerful magic." Wanda said.
"This is your key to freedom." The clone stares at the black sun pinning the woman. "I only
have one shot at this…"
He snaps his fingers and the [Jio Graze] disappears before putting one foot in the ground and
propelling himself forward, causing the entire dimension to shift and quiver behind him.

Wanda looks up and quickly conjures a magic circle in front of her. "-Desare eb" But just as
she was about to continue, the clone strikes at the circle with his dagger shattering it instantly.
"Rule Breaker!" He quickly stabs the White Witch in the chest with the dagger.
Immediately, the ominous aura surrounding her body dissipates, revealing her lightly tanned
complexion and upon turning towards him her stunning royal blue eyes.
"You…you freed me." Wanda says while tears immediately fall from her eyes before she
suddenly hugged him. "Thank you! Thank you so much! After so many months of pain, I'm
finally free!"
Before the clone could even respond to her, she pulled him into a steamy, passionate kiss.
After Wanda reluctantly separated from him due to need for oxygen, he saw an expression he
was becoming increasingly familiar with due to his experiences with his wives: gratefulness,
love, and lust.
"It may not mean much to you, but in many ways I owe you my life and my freedom. From
now on, you can count on me to always be by your side and support you as best I can to the
very end."
+100 Affection for Wanda Zatara (100/100)
However, her glee quickly turns to nausea as she loses her strength and falls on his arms.
"H-Hey!" The clone calls out in concern.
"Ehehehe… it seems I'm still not in tiptop shape yet. My mind has been disconnected from
my physical body for far too long." Wanda winces. "I'm probably not gonna be of much use
right now… not like this."
"Hold on, let me help." The clone says before using [Salvation] to help heal and strengthen
her, further augmenting it with [Almighty Magic] and [Chaos Energy] while also
using [Psionic Manipulation] to aid in strengthening her mind. "Did that help?"
"Yeah…" But from her tone and expression, she didn't seem happy. "What are you exactly?
You possess an infinite wellspring of magic, can tap into the primordial chaos to a greater
degree than I originally could, and now you reveal that you can use ESP."
"It's… complicated." The clone told her.
"Then uncomplicate it."
"It would take a lot of time to explain. Time that we currently don't have." The clone said.
"With such potential and abilities at your disposal, you could have defeated me easily in
numerous ways." Wanda states.
"I didn't want to hurt you. You are, after all, a victim in all of this."

"True, true." Wanda nods. "By the way, what is that dagger? It seemed to be imbued with
powerful anti-magic."
The clone raises the dagger to meet her eye level. "It's a dagger called Rule Breaker and was
used by the Witch of Colchis."
Wanda's eyes widened. "That's Medea's dagger?! How did you manage to get a hold of such a
cursed item?!"
"Trade secret." The dagger disappears into light particles in his hand. "Anyways, proper
introductions are in order. My name is Asmodeus, or at least I'm a copy of the real
Asmodeus. What's yours?" The clone asks, wanting to be polite and ensure trust between
them.
"I am Wanda Zatara, the [White Witch] and one of the greatest mystics you will ever meet."
Wanda proudly boasts. "Though, I never thought I would meet a demon as nice as you."
"Wanda Zatara, huh? I had my suspicions given your appearance and your usage of
both [Chaos Magic] and Logomancy, but are you a fusion of Wanda Maximoff and Zatanna
Zatara?" The clone asks out of polite curiosity.
"Yeah, I am the fusion of them." Wanda confirms. "Everything about them, their memories,
their magical power and potential, their abilities, their skills, and so on now belong to me."
"How did that happen?"
"An experiment. Rusty was looking for other ways to acquire power. One of these methods
was to permanently fuse two people to create a much more powerful being. He based it on a
supposed item that only gods can use." Wanda looks down. "Out of the many he
experimented on, I was the only success."
Oh.
"But enough about that." Wanda looks back at the clone. "I'm more curious about how you
even know about them in the first place."
"Well, I am a traveler of the multiverse and acquired a comprehensive knowledge of it
throughout my adventures, particularly regarding certain unique universes and individuals.
There are extremely few even amongst the greatest mystical beings who could rival either
one of them at their full potential." The clone answers. "I can only imagine what you, a
fusion of the two, is capable of."
"Well," she twirls her fingers on his chest. "I can personally give you a demonstration, if you
like~"
"Believe me, the prospect is VERY tempting, but unfortunately our time is limited due to the
scumbags who brainwashed and experimented on you in the first place. Though I wouldn't
mind if you assisted me in taking out those scumbags if you're interested?" The clone asks,
getting a smirk from Wanda.

"It would be my pleasure, handsome~" Wanda replied, eager to settle the score against her
former captors and impress her savior in the process.
Meanwhile
"What? Where did they go?" Dimaria asks, having just seen both Avalon and the clone of
Asmodeus vanish.
"That homewrecker stole Asmodeus-sama from me!" A mad Brandish roars in outrage.
"Hm, I can still feel their presence but… it's off." Sariel comments.
"Hmph!" The group turns to Xeno Vegeta. "Who cares where those two went? We got bigger
fish to fry."
"Based on what Lady Avalon said, they most likely went elsewhere to fight in order to not
put us in the crossfire." 21 says.
"Let's just take out this puny man so we can reunite with Asmodeus-sama!" Belial eagerly
states.
"You don't have to tell me twice." Brandish says with a cold determination clear on her face.
"Hmph, this puny man doesn't seem worth all the caution that brat insisted on." Xeno Vegeta
says in annoyance.
"Asmodeus-kun is many things, but paranoid generally isn't one of them, Vegeta-san. And he
is simply looking out for us." Mammon says in defense of her husband.
"That bastard Rusty and that bitch Towa wouldn't have sent this man if all he could do was
generate shadow copies of us, even if they were challenging. He likely has something else
hidden up his sleeve, Vegeta." 18 warns.
"Then let's make him reveal it. I'm tired of this cat and mouse game." Xeno Vegeta
immediately turns [Super Saiyan 2].
"Vegeta wait!" 21 calls out but it's already too late and Vegeta rockets towards the battle.
Zoldeo conjures more shadow copies of Vegeta and he sic them after the Time Patroller.
"Heh!" Xeno Vegeta smirks as the copies close in on him. He proceeds to systematically
destroy each and everyone of the dark copies without breaking a sweat, and it isn't because of
his transformation.
It is because the Saiyan Prince is done holding back.
"Come on! Is this all you fakers can do!?" He grabs one of the copies by its neck. "Show me
your pride! Show me your motivation!"
The copy lets out what appears to be a death cry and it disappears.

"Hmph. Useless fakers." Xeno Vegeta scoffed before turning to the dark mage. "So, have you
got any more tricks, magic man?"
To the surprise of everyone, Zoldeo actually gave an evil smirk to Vegeta that immediately
alarmed everyone present. He then proceeded to create another batch of Shadow copies of not
only Vegeta but all the girls, but to the shock of everyone, each of them dissolved into a dark
substance and were subsequently absorbed into Zoldeo.
Almost immediately, there was a massive surge of power composed of magic
and [Ki] emanating from Zoldeo that shocked even Xeno Vegeta due to said power greatly
exceeding even his own [Super Saiyan 4] form.
Zoldeo then began to change in appearance, becoming much taller to around 6'7" and
significantly more robust, with his skin becoming pitch black and his hair turning a ethereal
silvery-white in a spiky hairstyle resembling the base [Super Saiyan] form.
Zoldeo let out a ferocious roar, with the power he was releasing continuously increasing.
"You just had to ask, didn't you, Vegeta?! This is EXACTLY why Asmodeus told us NOT to
underestimate him!" 18 yells in frustration.
"What makes this worse is that in addition to the massive spike in power, he won't run out of
energy and is a lot harder to kill thanks to the copies of us he absorbed." 21 grimaced,
knowing that the copies of Dimaria and 18 alone would give Zoldeo an infinite supply of
Magic and [Ki, and the combination of Dimaria's latent immortality stemming from [Fairy
Heart] and the regenerative capabilities of 18 and herself would make the prospect of killing
him near-impossible without overwhelming him.
And that's WITHOUT considering his ability to grow stronger via Zenkai that he
undoubtedly got from Vegeta, 18, and herself due to all of them having varying amounts of
Saiyan DNA.
Before any of them could react further, Zoldeo suddenly disappeared from their sight, only
for him to suddenly appear before Vegeta and launching a barrage of powerful punches and
kicks before sending him flying in the opposite direction until Zoldeo teleported in Vegeta's
trajectory and backhanded the Saiyan before being blown high into the air with an uppercut.
Zoldeo then suddenly appeared next to 18 and 21, grabbing both Androids by their heads and
smashing them together, disorienting them from the painful blow, with Zoldeo using a
sweeping kick to knock 21 off her feet, after which he grabbed the fallen Android by her leg
and used her akin to a club against 18 by swinging her body against her fellow Android until
both were knocked away.
Zoldeo then turned towards Dimaria's direction, causing her to get afraid as he immediately
flew towards her, but was intercepted by Brandish, who grabbed the fist of his incoming
punch.
"I already lost one person because of you, you bastard! I won't let you hurt anyone else I care
about!" Brandish says with newfound determination to protect her friends and comrades,

further strengthened upon realizing what Xeno Vegeta was trying to tell her.
Energy begins to surround Brandish, sparks fly as she feels something warm within her,
rising continuously until it reaches the surface.
"Haaaaa!" With a cry, Brandish bursts with energy. Her hair and eye color changes to a light
gray, it grows a little reaching her shoulders and it becomes jagged.
Her body also changed, her muscles and waist more toned and defined. Her breasts and hips
grow a bit, stretching her bikini top and she becomes a whole foot taller.
Brandish looks at her body and sees the changes. "Wow! I'm just like Asmodeus-sama now!"
"Brandi? Since when could you transform in a way that didn't involve size alteration with
your magic?" Dimaria asks in awe, with Sariel, Belial, and Mammon sharing the sentiment.
"Apparently just now! Guess Vegeta-san was right regarding resolve and strength, even if he
was being an uptight asshole about it." Brandish remarks, before her demeanor becomes
more serious as she focuses on the transformed Zoldeo, who was glaring at her as she
restrained him by his hands.
"Time to put an end to this creep and send him back to Hell!" She flickers from the group and
appears before the transformed Zoldeo, who is surprised by her sudden reappearance.
The monstrosity roars and goes to strike the former Spriggan with his massive fist, only for
Brandish to catch it with ease.
She then throws Zoldeo before delivering a powerful spinning kick that sends the dark mage
crashing straight to a couple of buildings.
This does nothing as everyone soon sees Zoldeo rise from the wreckage, his wounds already
healed.
"Hm. His regeneration will be troublesome, but I think I have just the thing." Brandish then
turns to Xeno Vegeta. "Hey, Mr. Widow's Peak. You gonna gawk all night or are ya gonna
help?"
A tick mark appears on Xeno Vegeta's big forehead (lol).
"WHAT DID YOU CALL ME YOU SHAMELESS BRAT!? DON'T THINK JUST
BECAUSE YOU GOT A NEW FORM MAKES YOU THE BOSS OF ME!" Xeno Vegeta
yells.
Zoldeo lets out a snarl as he stares at the group in the distance.
Xeno Vegeta senses the ocean of killer intent from the far away Zoldeo and quickly relents.
"Fine, but I'll have to step up my A-game if I want to win this fight."
In an instant, Xeno Vegeta lets out a battle cry and transforms into a [Super Saiyan 4].

"Eh. Asmodeus-sama's better." Brandish shrugs, seeing nothing of worth in his
transformation.
Zoldeo leaps to incredible heights and the two fly to intercept him.
Xeno Vegeta was the first to attack, sending a flurry of punches, kicks, and jabs with his
elbows and knees. Zoldeo tried to block all the attacks, but his efforts were undermined by
Brandish, who took advantage of every opening Zoldeo made when trying to block Vegeta's
attacks with her own strikes that were augmented with [Aura, [Ki, and [Chaos Energy].
This ended up starting a recurring pattern between the 3 fighters, with Zoldeo trying to block
and counter one person only for the other individual to take advantage of the openings.
Brandish and Xeno Vegeta, despite having only just met and their bickering throughout their
time on Elentear, quickly formed an unspoken understanding and were able to coordinate
their attacks with increasing ease, baffling even a veteran fighter like Xeno Vegeta at how
quickly and effectively Brandish was able to adapt to the new team-up.
"HAAA!" Xeno Vegeta and Brandish yelled simultaneously when they simultaneously
launched their own powerful Ki-imbued strikes into Zoldeo's abdomen, successfully blowing
a hole in Zoldeo's body while causing him to fly towards the ground where he crashed.
Brandish raises her hand and creates a gray energy sphere. "[Chaos Bomber]!" She fires it
right where Zoldeo crashed, resulting in a large explosion that swallows everything around it.
However, the two can hear a loud roar from below, indicating that Zoldeo was still alive.
"You gotta be kidding me… that piece of shit is still alive!?" Brandish screamed in disbelief.
"His energy is almost identical to yours. Whatever it is, it's what's keeping him alive." Xeno
Vegeta said.
That's when Brandish thought of something. "Say prince, how much energy can you muster
in that form?"
"Enough to almost destroy universes, why?" Xeno Vegeta asks.
"I want to fight that thing with everything you got. Use every tool in your arsenal to make it
focus solely on you." Brandish said.
This got the Time Patroller curious. "What are you planning?"
"Something big, Vegeta. And for your sake, I hope you don't get caught in the crossfire."
With that, Brandish uses Instant Transmission and vanishes.
"Tch. What an annoying woman. How that brat puts up with her I have no idea." Xeno Vegeta
comments before sensing a power spike coming from below.
Zoldeo raises both arms out and opens his mouth, collecting negative [Chaos Energy] and
magic from himself and his surroundings.

The Time Patroller senses the energy swelling below to a magnitude that only Gods of
Destruction can muster and yet it seems he can still keep going.
"With that much energy, it won't just destroy this world, but all of them. This entire timeline
will be erased." Xeno Vegeta notices the direction he's looking and sharply turns to the
Whiteout Village. "He's going after the women!"
Zoldeo thrusts both arms forward and fires two black/purple energy beams with the third one
fired from his mouth.
Xeno Vegeta quickly flies at high speeds and intercepts the attack before it can reach the
town outskirts, resulting in a large explosion.
However, instead of expanding, the explosion regressed, growing smaller and smaller until
the energy was all absorbed into Xeno Vegeta's body, converting it and stockpiling it into his
body.
The result is his body is now filled to the brim with ki. His normally reddish fur takes on a
magenta hue, and the hair turns crimson red with dark shadows. He also now has a flowing
purple aura and a skin-tight white aura when the primary aura is dissipated.
"[Full-Powered Super Saiyan 4 – Limit Break]." Xeno Vegeta says as he stares down at
Zoldeo.
Zoldeo takes a step back, he may be an animal but survival instincts are still strong, and
while he isn't capable of intelligent thought, he is aware of the threat this new being
possesses.
However, Zoldeo suddenly finds himself leaning forward, indescribable pain rippling across
his body like a tsunami.
The perspective switches revealing Xeno Vegeta in front of Zoldeo, his left fist buried deep
into his solar plexus.
"...!" Zoldeo groans in excruciating pain.
"Prepare to experience the might of the Prince of Saiyans!" Xeno Vegeta yells before
uppercutting the dazed Zoldeo and spin-kicking him across the face and sending him flying.
Xeno Vegeta didn't give him even a moment to rest, however, as he flies at high speeds and
launches multiple blows all over his body with his hands and feet, blowing large pieces of his
flesh. Virtually no area of Zoldeo's body was spared, and it got to the point that Vegeta would
send Zoldeo flying in one direction only to teleport in his trajectory and knock in another
direction until he was trapped in a zone of non-stop attacks from virtually every direction.
Zoldeo tried to retaliate, but it was futile as the number of blows Vegeta sent all over his body
kept him from blocking.
What's worse is that the energy Vegeta absorbed had not only made him stronger, but also
made his [Ki] more potent to the point it was becoming harder for Zoldeo to regenerate from

his injuries.
Eventually Xeno Vegeta sent him crashing to the ground, before sensing a familiar energy
and sees Brandish reappear along with her entourage of various females.
Xeno Vegeta descends with his arms crossed. "You sure took your time. Now why don't you
women make yourselves useful and help me with this so that brat will be able to pull off
whatever she has planned?"
"Wow, feminist much? I can see why you called him a douchebag." Belial dryly remarks.
"We may have figured out how to destroy him for good." Brandish said.
Xeno Vegeta arches an eyebrow. "Oh really? Well don't worry, this battle is already over."
"No, sorry to rain on your parade little man, but all you've done is slow him down." Brandish
bluntly states.
"What?"
"You likely noticed that there are different energies in Zoldeo, right? Not just magic but an
energy similar to mine?" Brandish asked. "Asmodeus-sama once told me how [Chaos
Energy] is influenced by the user's heart. If the heart is full of nothing but hatred, anger or
the wish to destroy, the result is a corrosive and more dangerous version of said energy and
that it can irreversibly mutate the host if they lose control."
"Could you get to the point already!?" Xeno Vegeta snapped.
"We have to neutralize his [Negative Chaos Energy] with a positive. Otherwise he'll just
heal forever." 21 said. "Since 18, Dimaria, Brandish, and I have been exposed to [Chaos
Energy] sometime ago, we can neutralize and cancel out Zoldeo long enough for you to
deliver the killing blow."
"Alright. I assume you have a plan for that, right?" Xeno Vegeta grunts.
"As a matter of fact, I do." Brandish gives the Saiyan a smug look. "I'll use the chains of
my [Semblance] and augment them with [Chaos Energy] to not only restrain him and
suppress his power, but also channel [Chaos Energy] within him, with Dimaria-chan aiding
me in channeling [Chaos Energy] into the chains. 18 and 21 can each grab onto one of his
arms to aid in restraining him and pouring [Chaos Energy] into him, leaving his torso
exposed, after which you use your strongest attack against him!" Brandish explained.
"Very well. Wait, did you say you have chains that can suppress his power?! Why didn't you
use them before?!" Xeno Vegeta sneers at the woman.
"Don't you think I would if I could?! But strong and focused [Ki] can disrupt [Aura] and by
extension [Semblances]. And while I could try and augment them with magic or [Chaos
Energy], it would be largely moot since that bastard has both as well! Which is why 18 and
21 need to act fast in physically restraining him and using their [Chaos Energy] before he
can focus his [Ki] to get out!" Brandish defends with a glare.

'He can never know I forgot about my Semblance.' Brandish mentally grimaced, having
quickly come up with said explanation after remembering her husband's warning of the
effectiveness focused [Ki] had against [Aura], with said explanation technically being true.
"Enough, it's a viable plan, let's do it." 18 interrupts, causing everyone to nod in agreement.
Zoldeo soon rises up, his body nearly healed after a few minutes.
18 and 21 quickly fire an [Energy Cannon] and [Total Detonation Ball] at Zoldeo which
explode on his face and create a smokescreen.
Zoldeo wipes the smoke away but is suddenly pinned down by Belial's demonic third arm.
Mammon pulls out four beakers from her cleavage and throws them at Zoldeo's limbs,
shattering and its contents solidifying on impact.
Brandish teleports in front of Zoldeo. "Let's do this." 21 and 18 teleport beside her.
Brandish immediately summons the pink chains of her [Semblance] and augment them
with [Chaos Energy, after which they immediately encompass and restrain his body.
18 and 21 each immediately grab one of his arms and pour their positive [Chaos
Energy] inside of Zoldeo to counter his [Negative Chaos Energy].
Dimaria, who was already in her combination form of [God Soul: Chronos] and [Fairy
Heart, immediately appears next to Brandish and channels her own [Chaos Energy] into one
of Brandish's arms, further enhancing her chains.
"Vegeta, now's your chance!" Brandish shouts, with Xeno Vegeta appearing flying above
Brandish and immediately channeling an immense amount of power into his hands directly
towards Zoldeo.
"You're going straight to Hell, monster! [Final Flash]!" Xeno Vegeta yells before unleashing
an immensely powerful blast right towards the restrained Zoldeo, with the close range
ensuring it would cause maximum damage without endangering the girls restraining him. The
blast completely engulfed Zoldeo's head and torso, until the attack eventually dissipates,
revealing that Zoldeo's head and torso was now completely destroyed, leaving only his limbs
behind, though the girls made sure to quickly destroy them to ensure Zoldeo couldn't
regenerate from them.
"Finally. That bastard is gone and Elentear is saved." Brandish says in an exhausted
tone. 'Mother, I did it. I finally avenged you and saved my friends in the process.'
"Indeed you did." A familiar voice catches all their attention, causing them to turn and see a
flying Asmodeus and Wanda Zatara approaching and landing before them.
"Asmodeus-sama!" Brandish says before jumping and hugging him in her typical manner.
"I'm glad you're okay, and I successfully avenged my mother!"

"I saw, you did well. And congrats Brandish, I'm sure your mother can rest easy knowing you
have avenged her. I'm proud of you." The clone says, causing tears to trail from Brandish's
face before pulling him into a passionate kiss.
"Did you think we did well too, Asmodeus-sama?!" Belial eagerly asks while grabbing his
right arm and pressing her massive boobs against it, with Mammon and Sariel doing the same
to his left arm and back, respectively, with all of them looking at him with hopeful and
expectant expressions.
The clone sweat drops. "Yeah, you girls did well and the training paid off, I'm proud of you
all too."
The three [Isekaijin] each respond by pulling him in for a kiss before they and Brandish let
go of him.
"So, you're more popular with the ladies than you led on? These girls are your lovers, I
presume?" Wanda purrs as she nudges his side with her elbow. "You naughty dog, you!"
"Dimaria, 18, and 21 aren't." The clone says. 'Or at least not yet, anyways.' He thinks before
continuing. "But Brandish, Avalon, Sariel, Belial, and Mammon are some of my wives."
"Guess I shouldn't be surprised, given the demonic and draconic energies I sense within you,
since it's common for powerful male demons and dragons with human appearances to take
multiple lovers." Wanda says before winking at him. "Hope you got room for one more,
handsome~"
"Oh don't you worry. I always have room for more." The clone says with a smirk.
"Ugh." Xeno Vegeta rolls his eyes as he returns to normal.
"Well, well! Looks like everything turned out well in the end." Everyone turns to see Lady
Avalon appearing from literally nowhere.
"Where the hell have you been?" The clone asks the succubus.
"Oh you know, after the witch girl sent me to the edge of the [Mirror Dimension, I decided
to take the scenic route and watched everyone's battles while drinking hot cocoa. Spoilers,
everybody wins." Lady Avalon explains.
Everyone is just taken aback and flabbergasted by the woman's casual explanation and
laziness.
"You cannot be serious." Belial says in disbelief.
"Well, I'm pretty useless in battle and support, so don't be surprised if I decide to run away."
Lady Avalon gives everyone a beaming smile. "Okay?"
"..." No one knew how to respond to that. Absolutely no one.

"Wow, I don't think I've ever met anyone who's THIS useless. And I know Yamcha." Xeno
Vegeta said.
"Hee!" Lady Avalon just keeps on smiling.
"Brandish, remind me to discipline Lady Avalon when this whole ordeal with Rusty and
Towa is over." The clone says to the former Spriggan, causing the succubus to freeze in the
spot.
"Understood, Asmodeus-sama." Brandish nods.
"What, why?!" Lady Avalon cries.
"You insisted on coming along to help, yet you only served as a spectator by choice
apparently. Even after training for 2 YEARS for this grand battle against Rusty's forces." The
clone retorts. "I originally summoned you and the other [Isekaijin] to help me save both this
universe and the rest of the multiverse from Rusty's twisted scheme, remember? Or do you
want yourself and the other girls to be among his brainwashed sex dolls?"
"W-Well-" Lady Avalon tries to respond but is overwhelmed by the clone's oppressive
presence.
"King Arthur may have tolerated your bullshit, but I won't. When I ask you to fight,
you WILL fight even if it's not on the front lines, understand?" The clone said, his
demonic voice coming out.
Lady Avalon flinches while looking down ashamed. "I'm sorry, Master-kun."
The clone sighs and speaks in his normal voice. "You can make it up by actually being
supportive and participating in this battle, and maybe I'll reconsider your punishment. I know
you're stronger than you let on." He turns to the others. "Come on, let's check to make sure
there are no more remaining surprises in Elentear before heading back to the [Aincrad]."
Everyone, including Wanda, nodded before flying to check for any other threats.
Edolas
Juri suddenly swoops down towards the opponent foot-first, but Chun-Li immediately
counters it with her Tenshokyaku, delivering four consecutive kicks in mid-air, sending Juri
straight through several pillars before crashing into the concrete floor.
Just then, Chun-Li suddenly hears a scream and turns to see Konomi on the floor,
her [Aura] fading completely from taking too much damage.
"Konomi!" Chun-Li quickly rushes to the young detective. "Are you okay!?"
Konomi grunts and looks at her with one eye open. "I'm fine senpai…" She then glances
forward. "You weren't kidding when you said she wasn't a push over…"

The perspective shifts to the brainwashed Cammy walking menacingly towards them. She
bumps both of her fists together.
'They're stronger. Much stronger than I remember.' Chun-Li grimaced, not liking the idea of
fighting her friends. "I'll deal with her. You need to find someplace to hide."
Before Konomi could object, her eyes suddenly widened. "Behind you!"
"!?" Chun-Li only had a microsecond to raise her forearms and block a diagonal kick that
sends her flying across the room courtesy of Juri Han.
"Senpai!" Konomi screams out as she notices a shadow looming over her and quickly leaps
away, just as Cammy delivers a powerful axe kick that causes a majority of the room to cave
in.
She dodge rolls and takes out her [Ace of Spades] unclipping all twenty rounds on Cammy
who simply catches them all mid-flight, much to her chagrin.
"Right. Why did I think that would work?" Konomi mutters before pulling out her tonfas and
charges at Cammy.
Meanwhile, Chun-Li blocks another kick from Juri before performing a pinwheel kick that
Juri effortlessly predicts and moves out of the way.
"Dammit, Juri! Snap out of it!" Chun-Li rushes in and performs a half-circle backward
motion and pressing kick. She then lunges forward and grapples Juri's shoulders and flips
over her.
She then throws her arms back, quickly gathering large quantities of ki with both of her
palms. "Kikosho!" She slams both hands at Juri's back, firing a large ki blast at point blank
with a horizontal rippling effect that knocks her forward.
Chun-Li walks towards the downed Juri to check and see if she's okay but as soon as she gets
close, Juri suddenly pushes herself forward and delivers a drill kick straight into Chun-Li's
stomach sending her staggering backwards.
"Shit! Should have known she was playing possum." But when she looks up, she sees Juri
nowhere in sight. "Where is she!?" But that's when she feels a familiar sensation creeping
from behind her. "!" She turns but is too late.
Juri whips one of her arms backwards as her left eye glows before proceeding to deliver a
barrage of vertical spinning kicks while rising into the air.
Chun-Li is defenseless as she gets knocked vertically into the air, higher with each hit of the
sweep kick barrage before Juri performs an axe kick that knocks her back down hard, enough
to leave a human-sized hole on the floor.
Juri lands just as Chun-Li pulls herself out of the hole, her right hair bun is undone and half
of her long brown hair cascades over her face.

"That's it…" Chun-Li pulls her hair aside and stares at Juri with her silver eyes. "No more
holding back."
Juri rushes at Chun-Li with a barrage of lightning-fast kicks, but the
transcended [Isekaijin] dodges them easily before charging a ki blast and fires it right at her
face. She staggers back but Chun-Li doesn't waste time and uses Sou Hakkei and finishes it
with the Soten Ranka, burying her deep into the ground.
Juri Han's wounds are healed with [Negative Chaos Energy] but stops as she sees a glowing
Chun-Li standing over her.
"Come on Juri, I know you. You're not the type to follow orders, you're too proud for that!"
Chun-Li pleads with her rival. "If you defeat me like this then it will never be your victory. Is
that what you want? For someone else to steal your kill?"
For a moment, a look of apprehension appears on Juri's face and freezes on the spot. She
staggers back as she grabs her and begins to scream loudly while Chun-Li looks at her sadly
before using her confusion to quickly subduing and knocking her out.
"I'm sorry, Juri, but don't worry. I know Asmodeus can help you and Cammy, just like he did
with the others." Chun-Li says to her unconscious rival.
"You rang?" Chun-Li turns to see Asmodeus walking out a tear along with Layla and Anna.
"Asmodeus!" Chun-Li beams at the appearance of her husband and gives him a hug and a
quick kiss.
"Technically, I'm a clone of him, but that doesn't mean I don't appreciate the affection." The
clone clarifies in a charming tone before pulling the woman back. "How's the situation here
in Edolas?"
Chun-Li straightens herself and acts in a more professional manner.
"The dragon legion is attacking the royal capital as we speak. Our group decided to assist
King Jellal and the royal army by pushing them back." Chun-Li states. "At first, things were
going well and we dealt with the initial dragon invasion rather easily, but things got a bit
tougher when we crossed paths with some of Rustyrose's brainwashed victims."
"That bastard just loves to exploit women as his mindless followers and sex slaves. I'm gonna
enjoy tearing him limb from limb." Anna says with a scowl, with Layla nodding in
agreement.
"Who were the people Rustyrose sent, out of curiosity?" The clone inquires.
"That's the worst part: he had kidnapped people that have close ties to Diana and I." Chun-Li
reveals as she turns to the knockout Juri. "I was fighting Juri and Konomi is fighting my
friend Cammy, while everyone else is fighting an enhanced version of a friend of Diana she
referred to as 'Power Girl.'"

The clone's eyes widened in shock. 'How the hell did Rusty get his hands on a Kryptonian?! I
know he was seeking the best females across the Multiverse to 'recruit', but I didn't think he
would get her of all women. This won't be easy.'
He glances at the downed Juri.
Name: Juri Han
Title: Widowmaker, Sadistic Thrill-seeker
Affiliation: S.I.N. (Former), Illuminati (Former), Shadaloo (Former), Grimoire Heart
Level: 478
HP: 778,800
MP: 0
SP: 113,210
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Current Status: Brainwashed, unconscious
The clone processes this before something else comes to mind. 'Wait, Rustyrose has Cammy,
Juri, and Power Girl? That sounds a little too convenient to be a coincidence given that
Chun-Li and Diana are with me, not to mention Goryu in regards to Konomi and the Sagiri
sisters. I have a feeling there is more to this, and that I won't like the answer.'
"Where's Konomi and Diana?" Layla asks the martial artist.
"Konomi is likely still fighting Cammy on the other side of this rubble." Chun-Li points to
the collapsed area. "Diana and the others should be fighting Power Girl high in the skies as
we speak."
"Then let's get to work." The clone replies before using his [Silver Rinne-Sharingan] to
summon the [King of Hell].
"What is that, Asmodeus?" Chun-Li asks before flinching when the [King of Hell] looks at
her.
"This is the [King of Hell, a unique entity I can summon and control to perform a variety of
purposes, including in storage and all forms of healing." The clone explains as the [King of
Hell] grabs Juri with its tongue and swallows her. "By keeping the girls we rescued from
Rustyrose within it, we can ensure that he can't use them again while we work to stop him for
good. And its healing capabilities will not only heal their injuries but also purge the
brainwashing from their minds. It's what I used on Layla, Anna, Ultear, and the others when I
first rescued them from Rustyrose."

Thankful for the support from her husband, Chun-Li brought the clone to the rubble of the
cave-in.
"Let me handle this." The clone says and uses [Psionic Manipulation] to move all the rubble
away to see Konomi struggling against Cammy and was gradually losing ground, but her
eyes lit up upon seeing the rubble clear away to reveal not only Chun-Li but also their
husband.
"Asmodeus-kun! Oh thank goodness you're here!" Konomi says in relief while blocking a
strike from Cammy.
"Hang on, Konomi!" Chun-Li shouts while jumping towards them and uses her Aerial
Hundred Lightning Kicks, unleashing a barrage of super-fast kicks against her brainwashed
friend, sending her away from Konomi.
"[Summoning Jutsu]!" He slams both of his hands on the ground and summons the Giant
Crustacean from under Cammy's feet, pinning her down with its super-strong limbs.
He quickly rushes to Cammy and uses the Preta Path to drain all of the [Negative Chaos
Energy] from her body knocking her out.
"Thank goodness she's knocked out." The clone says before getting a good look at Cammy.
Name: Cammy White
Title: Killer Bee
Affiliation: Shadaloo (Former), Delta Red (Former), Grimoire Heart
Level: 477
HP: 667,555
MP: 0
SP: 99,321
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Current Status: Brainwashed, unconscious
'Good lord, Rustyrose clearly has a fetish if EVERY girl he brainwashes and alters has an
hourglass figure and gigantic breasts.'
Shaking his head, Asmodeus promptly summons the [King of Hell, drawing a yelp from
Konomi as it grabs Cammy with its tongue and swallows her.
"What is that?" Konomi asks in shock.

"Let's just say it will keep Cammy safe and out of our hair for now." The clone says,
preferring not to explain again given the situation.
*BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!*
The room shakes violently at the sound of massive shockwaves from outside.
"I'm gonna make an educated guess and say that it's Diana fighting Power Girl." The clone
notes.
"Come on, let's go help Diana and the others defeat this 'Power Girl'." Chun-Li says, earning
nods from the other girls but Asmodeus shakes his head.
"Actually, you girls should focus on stopping the remaining dragon legion while I help the
others take on Power Girl." The clone says to their surprise, so he elaborates. "We came here
to stop Rusty's forces and save the people of Edolas, so you guys should prioritize protecting
the people."
"You sure you don't want our help with supporting the others?" Konomi asks, more than
willing to help innocent civilians but asks in concern of her husband.
"I'm sure, you guys just focus on helping the people and stopping the dragon army." The
clone reassures her.
The four women nod in understanding and fly off to the royal capital.
"Thank goodness they listened, because even with all the training they had, fighting an
enhanced Kryptonian may be a bit too much for them." The clone says. 'Good thing I had the
foresight to send Xeno Goku with them to Edolas, given all the popular debates of a
hypothetical match-up between Goku and Superman. Not exactly the same, but close enough.'
Taking a breath in preparation for the inevitable fight, the clone blasts the roof and then flies
through the hole to quickly see Diana and Xeno Goku fighting Power Girl in the sky, with Ur
supporting a heavily injured Ultear on the sidelines of the roof.
Ur turned when she sensed a familiar energy signature.
"Asmodeus-kun!" Ur says, overjoyed and relieved that her husband had shown up to help
them.
"Glad that you girls are okay, or at least mostly okay." The clone says upon noting Ultear's
injuries, before using [Salvation] to heal them, much to her and Ur's relief.
"Thank you." Ultear says and tries to straighten herself. "That woman… she's a monster!"
"You two fought Power Girl?" The clone says in slight surprise.
"Yes," Ur grimaced. "We got too cocky, I'm afraid. The woman was able to bulldoze through
all of our attacks. She would have snapped Ultear's neck if Goku-san and Diana-san hadn't
stopped her."

"And you?"
"I got off lucky with a dislocated leg, but I was quickly able to pop it back into place." Ur
gives the clone a strained smile.
The clone looks at the mother-daughter duo before coming to a decision.
"... head back to ground level and regroup with everyone. I'll handle Power Girl." The clone
tells them.
"But we can help, Asmodeus-sama! Especially now that you've healed me!" Ultear argues.
"I know, but if the other girls face any sort of surprises while fighting off the dragon legion,
they could use the additional support. Your improved [Arc of Time] is a game-changer for
situations like this." The clone reasons and smiles. "Show Rusty that he isn't the only one
who can pack surprises."
Ultear wants to object but realizes what he meant and smiles. "I won't let you down." With
that, Ultear flies off to where the others are.
Ur watches her daughter leave before turning to her husband. "That isn't the only reason you
want us to leave, is it?"
"No. This woman is quite dangerous, especially when she isn't holding back. She can easily
rip you both apart, something all of us want to avoid." The clone warned.
"Is she really that powerful?" Ur asks, trying to wrap around his words.
"She gets her power directly from rays of the yellow sun. Her power literally has NO
LIMIT." The clone exclaims.
"But she has to have some kind of weakness!" Ur yells while the clone smirks.
"Oh, she does. But Rusty likely knows too and had them removed. That's why I'm not taking
any chances." He stands up. "You need to go. Even though I can revive you, I don't want you
to die here. None of you."
Ur's eyes widened at his words before standing up. "The same goes for you, too. If something
ever happened to you, none of us would be able to cope." She then gives the clone a quick
kiss. "Be careful, okay?"
The clone nods and Ur flies off to follow her daughter
The clone then turns to the skies as loud thunderclaps can be heard from beyond the sea of
clouds accompanied by blasts of intense light.
'This fight might require using my ULTRA form. Better late than never to test it out.' The
clone thinks before transforming into said form.

The form itself is a mixture of his [Perfected Ultra Instinct] and [Ultra Ego] forms, with
the front and back of his hair being the dark purple color of [Ultra Ego, and the sides being
the silver color of [Perfected Ultra Instinct].
The clone looks at himself, feeling the impossible and endless rush of energy flowing through
his body like a dam that has just been open.
Creation and Destruction.
The power, the potential, that exceeds all beings.
No one would ever THINK that such power would be in the hands of a mere otaku, a mere
mortal.
And yet… here he stands.
'This is… just unreal! All the benefits of both forms merged into one, but without any of the
downsides. If this isn't enough to beat her, not sure much else will.' The clone puts two
fingers on his forehead. 'Don't worry, Karen, I'm going to save you.' He uses Instant
Transmission and disappears on the spot.
Meanwhile
Diana was fighting her close friend and part-time teammate Karen Starr, AKA Power Girl.
Fighting a Kryptonian was always a challenge, but a challenge she accepted wholeheartedly.
But right now, she can't enjoy it. Karen's mind is trapped, her body turned into a science
experiment and an object of decrepit sexual pleasure.
Despite all of the battles she's experienced, all of the adventures and villains she's
encountered and fought, a Kryptonian was still quite a tricky challenge for even the strongest
and most skilled individuals including herself despite being a highly trained and experienced
immortal Amazonian Demigoddess who was blessed by the Olympian Gods.
And while her two years of extensive training under the supervision of her leader and later
husband had done wonders in helping her become stronger than ever before and acquiring all
manner of additional skills, abilities, and benefits, it ultimately wasn't enough to prepare her
to fight an ENHANCED Kryptonian.
The thought of that scumbag Rustyrose made her blood boil. To strip such a determined and
fierce warrior of their free will and turn them into a doll for his entertainment made her sick.
Thankfully, her outward appearance wasn't modified unlike the other women (though she was
a slight bit jealous of the woman's curves and breast size) but she was altered in other ways.
Her weakness to magic and other forms of mystical power were non-existent now, as evident
by her divine sword not leaving a scratch on her, and the same likely extended to her
vulnerability to kryptonite even if she had access to it.
All her powers, physical or otherwise, were amplified to a point there seemed to be no upper
limit, and trying to get her to burn through her solar energy reserves seemed useless since it

seemed she didn't run OUT of solar energy, as evident by her continuous usage of her Heat
Vision at a high output without issue.
Diana had no choice but to enter [Ultra Instinct] just to keep up with her, while her partner
Goku assumed a magenta version of Asmodeus' [Super Saiyan 4] after being hit by Karen's
powerful Heat Vision.
But even still, these tools weren't enough to gain the critical edge they needed.
"Lady Hera, please. If you are listening even across different universes, I plead for your
assistance in stopping and saving my friend. And even if you cannot directly aid me, please
bring my husband here. We need him now more than ever." Diana prayed, unwilling to give
up but was starting to grow tired and even a little desperate.
"Well, I guess Hera has answered your prayers, Diana." A familiar voice joked, causing
Diana to turn around with wide eyes, and to her joy-filled relief, her husband was behind her
in a form she hadn't seen before.
"Asmodeus! Oh thank Hera you are here!" Diana says, extremely tempted to kiss him, but the
dire situation and Xeno Goku's actions in occupying Karen's attention kept her from doing so.
"We need your help if we are to stop and save Power Girl!"
"I can tell. You guys did well to last this long, but now it's time for me to step in." The clone
says before pulling a bag of [Senzu Beans] from his [Inventory] and gives one of the green
beans to Diana. "Here. It'll restore you to full strength."
Diana quickly takes the bean and eats it and she immediately feels way better than before.
"Incredible…" Diana mutters.
"Now. Let's find Goku and Power Girl." The clone says and Diana nods.
At the same time, Xeno Goku lets out a grunt as he is punched away by Power Girl.
"Heh, you're really something else." He wipes off the blood on his lower lip with his arm. "I
wonder if everyone in your universe is this strong."
Power Girl rockets towards the Time Patroller at impossible speeds.
"Kaioken times 12!" Xeno Goku's body is enveloped in an intense crimson aura and rushes
for her.
The two quickly collide, sending an enormous shockwave that tears the clouds and
surrounding land apart. The two quickly break into a brawl, sending a barrage of lightning
fast punches at each other.
However, this doesn't last long and the Saiyan is blindsided by a punch that he couldn't block
or dodge in time, rocketing him towards one of the surviving floating islands.

Xeno Goku gets up only to be lifted by the neck by Power Girl. He struggles to break free
from her grip as she charges her Heat Vision.
"[Dragon Breath]!" Power Girl looks left to see a light blue beam of energy rocketing
towards her, forcing to let go of Xeno Goku to avoid it.
"Ah…!" Xeno Goku takes a knee as he massages his throat and catches his breath. He turns
and sees Asmodeus and Diana flying towards him.
The clone lands first and kneels next to Xeno Goku. "You okay?" He takes out a [Senzu
Bean] from his bag. "Here, eat this."
Xeno Goku looks at the bean in surprise but he quickly eats it and his health is completely
restored.
"Thanks. Now I see why Diana called her 'Power Girl'. She really lives up to the name." He
comments with a chuckle.
The two get up and Xeno Goku gets a good look at him, or more accurately, the pressure he is
currently exuding. "You're… not him, are you?"
"I'm a clone of Asmodeus. He can use a duplication technique just like Piccolo or Tien, but
his is more complex and independent." The clone explains. "In any case, I'm just as good and
effective as the original, so no need to worry."
"I can feel the [God Ki] you are exuding. Judging by your appearance, you must have
mastered [Ultra Instinct] but that still doesn't explain why I also feel Beerus' power too."
Xeno Goku said.
"That is because the boss was able to fuse his [Perfected Utra Instinct] with [Ultra
Ego, creating a new transformation that has all of the benefits but none of the drawbacks."
The clone reveals.
"That sounds awesome! We should really fight sometime!" Xeno Goku excitedly exclaims.
He chuckles. "Sorry, but the boss already promised someone to fight them after all this is
over. Maybe later?"
"Sure!"
Diana lands next to her husband. "What's the plan, Asmodeus?"
The clone turns to the Amazon. "I will fight Power Girl. If you guys wanna support, try not to
get caught in the crossfire of my attacks, as the potency of my attacks in this form are more
dangerous." The clone warns, noting the potency of the [Power of Destruction].
Just then, Power Girl returns and makes her descend towards us.
The clone turns to her direction.

Name: Kara Zor-L
Title: Last Female Kryptonian, Solar Maiden, Astronema, Power Girl, Supergirl,
Karen Starr, Nightwing
Affiliation: House of El (Former), Justice League, Superman Family, Infinity Inc.,
Sovereign Seven (Expand)
Level: 555
HP: 12,921,911
MP: 0
SP: 11,788,455
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Current Status: Brainwashed
"Oh, hello! You must be Power Girl!" He gives her a big smile. "It's so very nice to finally
meet you in the flesh!"
The altered Kryptonian rockets forward, her right fist cocked back and thrusting it at her
enemy.
… only for the blow to be caught with ease, the sudden stop sending a powerful wind gust
that blew the surrounding rock away.
"Welp, I tried." He throws lightning-fast punches at Power Girl's stomach and then finishes it
with a full-powered Masenko that blows her to a significant distance.
He uses Instant Transmission to appear behind her and fires another [Dragon Breath] point
blank. The intense heat at such a close range is enough to burn off large parts of her outfit and
cause third-degree burns instantly.
The clone just stares at the seemingly defeated Kryptonian and angrily scoffs.
"I was expecting something more out of Kryptonians, given how overpowered Superman is
in the comics. But once again, I have been led astray." He spat with a clear edge of anger in
his tone. "What a joke!"
The injuries regenerate and heal almost instantly, but her damaged suit still exposes much of
her body, mainly her breasts.
'Damn. You'd think after being surrounded by a harem of women with bodies of goddesses,
one would be used to nudity. But I guess not.' The clone can't help but think as he sees Power
Girl's L-cup breasts and beyond-divine curves. 'Diana may surpass her in inherent beauty

and is pretty close in terms of figure, but Power Girl is in a league of her own when it comes
to assets and curves.'
Power Girl's body suddenly begins to glow yellow before exploding with yellow energy.
'This is… solar radiation!' The clone covers his eyes from the intense light.
When the light fades and the clone opens his eyes, he is surprised by what he sees.
Power Girl now glows a firefly yellow, her outfit and skin are completely gone. Her short
hair dances like a cascade of flames and her face now bears no features apart from two white
eyes.
"It's like I'm staring directly at the sun… you're beautiful." The clone murmured, mesmerized
by the transformation.
However, this quickly changes as she starts to spasm and the [Negative Chaos
Energy] overtakes her, changing her body to a sickly dark purple.
"This is gonna be great!" A wide hungry smile appears on the clone's face as he gets into a
fighting stance. "Don't disappoint me!"
The two combatants vanish and soon multiple thunderclaps follow across the sky before
reappearing physically, arms in a deadlock.
"Wow! You are definitely not a pushover. I may have to actually take this seriously!" The
clone exclaims before firing an Eraser Cannon from his mouth point blank, but Power Girl
manages to escape his grip and get away in time.
Meanwhile, Xeno Goku and Diana watch the battle unfold from the island.
"Incredible. I could tell that Asmodeus was incredibly powerful when we first met, but I
didn't think he was THIS strong." Xeno Goku says in amazement as he and Diana try to keep
track of their movements on the sidelines.
"My husband is full of surprises. In the time that I've known him, he's shown to be incredibly
powerful and skilled with amazing abilities, extremely smart and perceptive, resourceful, and
in many ways a peer without equal, ESPECIALLY when it comes to doing the impossible."
Diana says, her faith in her husband having grown absolute as she spent more time with him.
It made her all the more glad to not only fight by his side, but even become one of his lovers
and later one of his wives.
Back to the fight, Power Girl tries to punch the clone but he merely side steps. He then
grapples Karen's shoulders and flips over her before lands multiple consecutive blows against
her back, sending her flying forwards before she stops herself and tries to charge him again,
leading to another round of the two individuals striking and blocking each other.
Power Girl tries to unleash a powerful surge of supercharged heat vision, but Asmodeus
casually raises his hand and absorbs the attack with his [Energy Manipulation, before using
said power and his own to unleash a powerful blast of [Ki] against her.

"... is that all you got? You have the power of a literal star in your fingertips. USE IT!" The
clone angrily demands.
As if taking his advice, Power Girl leaps back and raises her hands up at the sky. Within a
few seconds, she starts collecting energy until she has a literal sun over her head!
"She collected the residual traces of solar radiation that hit the planet and used them to create
a miniature sun." The clone notes. "Still, to create something like that without [Energy
Manipulation] is impressive. Though this must put an enormous strain on her energy
reserves."
Power Girl then infuses the sun with [Negative Chaos Energy] turning it dark purple before
throwing the attack at the clone, releasing a massive surge of power and fire that seemingly
ignites the sky of Edolas and draws attention from everyone at the massive, world-shattering
level of power coming from the attack.
Diana and Xeno Goku become extremely worried as they see the clone being swallowed by
the sun and prepare to step in and fight Power Girl again.
That's when they hear laughter coming from within the sun as they watch it turn into violet
particles.
"Now THAT'S what I'm talking about! I am impressed!" The clone says, completely
unscathed as he floats towards her. "As much as I would like to keep testing my capabilities
against you, I need to wrap this up to help take care of any remaining surprises here in Edolas
before going back to the [Aincrad]."
Power Girl lunges at the clone with another strike but he merely moves his head to the side,
easily evading the incoming punch before grabbing the outstretched arm and twisting it
behind her back. He then uses a low-powered [Hakai] to destroy all of her stored solar
energy and the [Negative Chaos Energy, reverting her back to her normal form, naked and
now unconscious.
The clone catches her falling form with great care. "I got you."
"Asmodeus, you did it!"
The clone turns around and is suddenly pulled in by Diana into a passionate kiss before
pulling back and looking at him with an overjoyed expression.
"You saved my friend's life! Thank you so much!" Diana exclaims in overwhelming joy.
"It was nothing, Diana. She was a victim of Rusty's, and I would do anything for you." The
clone smiles.
The two make their descent to the island where Xeno Goku is. He uses the Naraka Path and
places Karen in the [King of Hell's] mouth along with the others.
"What is that?" Xeno Goku points to the sinking summon.

"Just something that'll keep them safe while we can take care of some loose ends here." The
clone turns to the two. "Now let's rendezvous with everyone. The sooner we get this done, the
sooner we can go home."
"Right." The two nod and fly away.
The trio teleport into the control room and see the fighting play out across all three worlds in
real time.
"Well, I suppose they really had everything handled in the end. Or at least, some of them
did." Cell remarks.
"Fairy Tail's victory was all but certain, the Sagiri sisters managed to subdue the kunoichi
without problems." Athena states. "We knew Rustyrose had modified and altered his female
warriors and though their transformed states were a challenge, the clones effortlessly defeated
every one of them."
"Not surprising, really. All of those girls were half-assing their fights. They weren't even a
real challenge to them." Cell said.
"Still, it's concerning how Rusty is able to bring out so much latent power from his victims.
His [Alchemy] has transcended in ways I didn't know were possible. Maybe Towa is
responsible for that." Athena said.
"Right. Let's bridge everyone back." I type the recall command but only get a strange
message.
GROUNDBRIDGE OFFLINE
"Offline? Handles, what's going on?" But all I got was a garbled noise. "Handles?"
"What's wrong?" Athena asks.
"Handles isn't responding. I don't know why." I attempt to reset the Groundbridge control
system.
ERROR!
"What!?" Thinking quickly, I take a more manual route and reset the system entirely.
ERROR!
"Dammit!" I yell as more error messages now appear on every screen.
"It must have been Towa. She mentioned her role here being 'finished' before running away."
Cell points out.
"The only way for her to actively interfere with Handles is if she breaks into Cerebro where
his AI core is housed. But she was in the engine room the whole time." I said.

Cell thinks for a moment. "Maybe Towa and Obito were not the only intruders. Perhaps they
were others."
"... shit!" I activate [Duplicate] and summon five clones.
"Get Lamy down to Cerebro and check the housing unit." I turn to the other four.
"Meanwhile, I want three of you to pick up everyone and one of you to tell the Heartfillias to
meet me on the bridge." ""Roger."" The five clones obey and teleport away.
I turn back to the windows as the sun sets on the horizon.
"I don't like this one bit."
Cerebro
Cerebro is a chamber that is split into two layers. The outer layer takes the appearance of a
giant circuit board, with energy traveling through the crystal-like circuits and into the entire
base. Holographic screens float around keeping track of everything that is happening inside
the base as well as what's happening on the outside in real time.
The innermost layer is where the actual core of the AI is housed: a giant energy crystal held
in place within six metal rings that revolve in a perpetual motion like a compass of sorts. It
was created when Asmodeus merged Handles' head with the magic [Super Archive] then
used the Master Emerald to empower it with [Chaos Energy, boosting its processing
capabilities to the point that it can observe infinite timelines in an infinite universe. With this,
Handles will have access to all of that universe's data, having it analyzed and archived within
the first nanosecond of entry.
When Lamy and the fifth clone arrive to investigate, however, they find the inner chamber
covered in a pinkish-like substance that has made its way to every corner of the room and the
core dead.
"Whatever this stuff is, it is blocking Handles' connection to the rest of the base and draining
it of power." Lamy reports.
"It's definitely organic, that much is obvious." The clone pokes one of the tendrils and licks it.
"An artificial construct designed to target and drain away at anything that uses [Chaos
Energy]. Nasty." He thinks for a moment. "For some reason, I'm getting the weirdest sense of
déjà vu."
"Can you remove it?" Lamy asks and the clone shakes its head.
"Towa's too clever, I'm afraid. She knew what she was doing." The clone morbidly admits. "If
I try to tamper with it, the energy already absorbed will become unstable and create a massive
explosion, taking us and half the planet with it."
"So there's nothing you can do?!" Lamy desperately asks.
"I never said THAT. It's just that it'll take longer to think of a solution." The clone defended.

Back in the Control Room
I can't help but remain on edge at the news regarding Handles.
"I see… keep me posted for further updates." I ended the call and let out an annoyed sigh.
"What a drag. Towa was five steps ahead of us all along. She took out our network and left
everyone stranded, thinning our strength and leaving the castle vulnerable for an invasion." I
lower my head. "Her plan was so simple, I should have seen it coming."
"If it was so obvious to you, then you shouldn't have sent everyone away." Cell nonchalantly
points out. "You fools and your sentimentality."
"I'm not gonna abandon innocent people to suffer and die just to keep the emeralds safe. I
would never forgive myself if I did." I told him with an annoyed glare. "And even if I did
lockdown the place, do you really think Fairy Tail and the others would have just let them
die? No, they would protect them, like heroes."
"Hmph." Cell just scoffs.
"What if…" The two turn to Athena. "What if Rustyrose and Towa are not trying to keep
everyone out, but instead keeping us in?"
Our eyes widen in morbid realization but thought grinds to a halt as the entire castle begins to
rumble violently and we all lose balance.
I firmly grab the controls and see what's happening. "The engines are activating by
themselves!"
"Can you stop them?" Athena asks.
I frantically pressed buttons across the console, but nothing happened. "No good, I'm
completely locked out. The castle's completely out of control!"
Back at Cerebro
The chamber rumbles as Lamy and the clone watch in concern as the AI core comes back to
life, but now it is glowing an ominous pink instead of blue.
"The core has reactivated. But I haven't done anything." The clone says in surprise.
Lamy sees something in the background. "What's that?" She walks towards the pink web.
However, as she got a closer look at the substance that had surrounded the core, she saw what
looks like an eye.
The eye opens revealing them to be red with black sclera as it stares at Lamy. "Hm!?"
"Eek!" Lamy screams causing the clone to rush to her side.

"What's wrong!?" He then turns to the substance and sees the slime mold into a face, one that
he quickly recognizes."Majin Buu!?"
"Haha!" Buu screams and the entire room lights up with [Negative Chaos Energy].
Back in the Control Room
"We're dematerializing, but I don't know where we're going!" I shout.
The [Aincrad] begins to phase in an out before disappearing completely from sight. It
traverses through a kaleidoscope-like vortex into parts unknown.
"Asmodeus stop this thing NOW!" Cell screamed, his body unable to move because of how
fast they're traveling.
"I can't!" I yelled.
"Of course not. I can't have you interfere at this delicate stage." An annoyingly familiar voice
says through the communicators.
"Rusty!" A hologram of Rustyrose's head appears over our heads.
"I will congratulate you all on making it this far, you have all been true adversaries. But in
the end, your efforts were completely meaningless when up against a god." Rusty arrogantly
states.
The [Aincrad] exits the vortex and appears in an Earth-like environment.
"Where did you take us?" I demanded.
"To the center of the universe, where I will forge it anew with my ring of creation." Rusty
states.
The perspective then zooms out to reveal that the landmass is actually the inner part of a
massive ring-shaped installation that is as big as a planet!
[Is that a fuckin Halo Ring?!]
"But there's no point in just having you as my only witness and I'm not nothing without an
audience." He opens five screens to show each group getting sucked in by large portals while
the clones are seemingly destroyed by some unknown entity.
No!" I yelled in horror.
You have defeated Ignia! You have gained 12,311,432 EXP! You have earned 10,109,101
Credits!
You have defeated Dogramag! You have gained 12,100,771 EXP! You have earned
10,005,881 Credits!

You have defeated Goryu! You have gained 13,551,322 EXP! You have earned
12,001,012 Credits!
You have defeated Kushina Uzumaki! You have gained 13,778,677 EXP! You have
earned 12,110,455 Credits!
You have defeated Hinata Hyūga! You have gained 13,778,677 EXP! You have earned
12,110,455 Credits!
You have defeated Wanda Zatara! You have gained 10,771,000 EXP! You have earned
9,774,433 Credits!
You have defeated Power Girl! You have gained 16,566,709 EXP! You have earned
15,000,488 Credits!
Level Up(x544)!
Skill Level Up(x2)!
[Roar of Time LVL. 2/10]
[Dragon Breath LVL. 3/10]
"Now that the final piece has been gathered, you have outlived your existence. You and your
Peerage can watch in the depths as I make my ascension before you are promptly
erased!" Rusty exclaims as he sends us a dark smile. "You Asmodeus, however, will become
dear Towa's personal lab rat."
Six large tow cables start to shoot out from the habitats and smash into the [Aincrad] locking
in place and moving it towards the middle.
"This has been fun, and I have learned so much from it. Thank you all for your
collaboration."
A portal opens and tentacles shoot out and drag us in before we're completely swallowed
whole.
Authors Notes
And here's part 2! Man, over 30,000 words is just incredible.
Friendly fact: Wanda Zatara isn't an OC fusion of Scarlet Witch and Zatanna I made up. She's
an ACTUAL character who was created during one of the rare comic crossovers between
Marvel and DC. Would personally recommend the depiction by the famous Commission
Artist "Phil Cho" if you look up "Wanda Zatara" on Google.
I was originally gonna have Broly turn into an LSSJ4 but decided not to because I thought
that was too much.

If you like this chapter, great! If you don't, then I can't help you.
I mean, yeah, people can hate me all they want, but I like it so I'm gonna keep going!
The next chapter is the longest so it will take me longer to edit, so just be a little more patient.
Peace~

Chapter 30: Fairy Tail Finale: Ragnarök Part 1
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
"Ugh…" A soft groan is heard as green eyes open to a dark ceiling. "So dark…"
"Oh Faris! You're finally awake!"
Faris turns to the voice of her Exceed companion. "Touka?" She tries to lift herself but hisses
at the painful throb emanating from the side of her head. When she touches the spot, she feels
the bandages wrapped around her head. "What the?"
"Don't move so much! You took a pretty nasty fall and hit your head with the coffee table. I
just finished patching you up." Touka explained.
"What happened?" Faris asks.
Touka shakes her head. "I wish I knew. One moment everything was fine, then the next
everything turned for the worse. Then you slipped and hit your head and the lights went out.
Afterwards, I tried finding something to stop the bleeding and found this small box full of
medical supplies."
"I see…" Faris nods, her memories are a bit hazy but she can vaguely recall what happened.
"There was also something else… a swift in space like we traveled through the [Aqua
Aera]."
"Yeah. We were likely taken to another dimension, but I'm not sure where." Touka confirmed.
Faris slowly pushes herself up and treads towards the door, but quickly stops. There's
something… dark beyond that door. Corrupting. Evil.
"You sensed it, right? Something's gone horribly wrong…" An anxious Touka said.

Faris clenches her fists and takes a step forward.
"Wait!? What are you doing!? Why are you still approaching the door? We don't know what
is out there!" Touka exclaims. "Let's just stay here and wait until someone rescues us."
For a moment, Faris considered it. That is until she senses a presence and turns to see
something slowly creeping up behind Touka.
"Behind you!"
Touka turns and sees a pink monster rising from behind her. "Eek!"
Without thinking, Faris rushes to Touka and grabs her before leaping back just as the monster
slams its whip-like arms hard on the floor, smashing them.
"We gotta get out of here!" Faris rushes to the door and quickly begins to pull but it won't
budge.
"Hurry Faris!" Touka yells before turning back to see the monster staring at them with its
round, unblinking red eyes.
"Aaargh!" Faris uses all of her magic to boost her strength and manages to open the door
halfway.
The two jump out just as the monster lunges at them before the door closes again and a loud
bang is heard as they see the doors frame bends forwards.
Faris quickly checks on Touka. "Are you okay!?"
Touka smiles and nods.
The two look to see the hallway festered with the same pink slime that had just attacked
them, but this seems inactive.
"What happened?" Touka murmurs as she looks around.
Faris looks at the slime sliding down a hole in the wall and gags.
The two Elentearians thread carefully as they walk through the infected path.
"Whatever this stuff is, it shouldn't exist." Touka feels her fur standing on its ends as she
keeps walking. "It's evil. Pure evil."
"I know… the magic here is making me dizzy." Faris comments.
They then soon run into a giant spike protruding from the wall with the pink stuff
encroaching on it.
"Is that where the pink stuff is coming from?" Faris wonders.

"I don't know, and I don't want to find out." A scared Touka says and the two quickly move
on.
As the two continue down their path down the hallway, their discomfort only grows until they
catch a glimpse of something truly disturbing.
Patrolling the corridors are a hoard of those pink-like monsters they saw in their room earlier.
The two immediately move out of sight so as to avoid getting caught.
"This place is crawling with those things." Touka whispered in terror. "They all emanate the
same energy as the stuff on the walls."
"Let's just stay out of sight from them as we try to find a way out of here." Faris suggests and
they hide in a small gap between the walls.
They watch the monsters march towards the right corridor and when they are out of sight, the
duo quickly run the opposite direction.
However, one of the monsters freezes in place as it turns its neck a full 360 degrees, and it
sees their shadows!
The monster lets out an inhuman scream and that catches the attention of the rest of the
group.
Faris and Touka feel shivers running down their spines as the sound enters their eardrums.
"W-What was that!?" Touka stammered.
They both turn around in horror to see the creatures are now actively pursuing them.
"RUN!" Faris screams and the two run away from the pursuing hoard.
The duo keep running across the corridors, but their luck eventually runs out when they reach
a dead end and are surrounded by the approaching hoard of pink creatures.
"Please, no! I don't wanna die like this!" Touka cries while holding onto an equally scared
and trembling Faris.
"Please, anyone! If you can hear me, please help us!" Faris screams, praying for a miracle as
the pink creatures get closer.
The monsters raise their club-like arms, ready to strike down the duo, only for it and the
surrounding creatures to be consumed by an inferno of blue and black flames.
The two are shocked by the sight before the fire disperses and two unfamiliar women step
forward wearing horn-like accessories.
"See sis? I told you there were others here!" Luso happily exclaims to her sister. "And look!
They're so cute!"

"Whatever. I'm just happy we're out of that cell." Ennie says in disdain.
"Oh don't be such a grouch. Besides, I wasn't the one hogging the TV all the time." Luso
teased.
"S-Shut up!" Ennie yelled, clearly flustered.
"Who… who are you!?" The sisters turn their attention to the white-haired girl.
"Oh! Well, I'm Luso!" She then points to her sister. "And this prude is my twin sister Ennie!"
"I am NOT prude!" Ennie yelled.
"Yeah, yeah." Luso gives her a dismissive wave. "This is why you don't have a boyfriend."
"Shut up!"
"U-Um…" Touka stammers.
"Hey, hey, it's okay." Luso gently pats the Exceed. "Everything's gonna be okay."
"Not for long if we stay here." Ennie points out and extends her hand at the duo. "Come with
us if you want to live."
Faris slowly reaches out and grabs Ennie's hand. "Thank you…"
"Yes. Thank you so much for saving us from those monsters!" Touka says out of gratitude.
Ennie rolls her eyes "Whatever."
*ROAR!*
"C'mon let's go!" Ennie pulls Faris' hand and the four run as fast as they can.
Meanwhile
"Ngh…" I slowly open my eyes only to quickly shut them from the blinding light. "Too
bright." I try to raise my arms but find that I can't. "Huh?" I try raising all four of my limbs
but they're stuck. "What the fuck!?"
"Oh good you're awake." A refined female voice enters my ears.
The lights turn off and I open my eyes only to see the visage of a familiar woman walking
towards me.
"Hello, darling. It is so good to finally meet you face to face." Towa smiles.
Name: Towa
Title: Demon Goddess, Sister of the Demon King, Enemy of Time, Demon Sorceress,
Stalker

Affiliation: Time Breakers, Dark Empire, Grimoire Heart
Level: 798
HP: 12,778,431
MP: 14,005,322
SP: 10,099,411
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to have hardcore wild sex with you 24/7
"You're… Towa." I try to break my binds but find that I can't. "I feel so weak… what did you
do to me!?"
"Don't worry handsome, it's a simple concoction I made to keep you inhibited while also
disrupting your powers. It is the same that we used to kidnap our dolls, though I made some
modifications just for you~" Towa coos as she caresses my face. "Though I'm surprised you
can still speak coherently like this. You are a far better specimen of a man than I thought."
[She's right, I'm having a hard time detoxifying you. Whatever formula she used, it's
bypassing all your natural defenses]
"What is this? Your torture room?" I spat.
"Hm, more like my laboratory. Although I like to call it 'Our Love Nest'~." Towa purrs.
Suddenly, the lights turn on revealing a wide area with large tile floors and metallic walls,
chemistry tables with unknown fluids in them, computer systems all around, and what look
like empty stasis pods to hold Towa's test subjects.
[Satan's Soul beats this place by a million miles]
"Where are my friends?" I demanded.
Towa snaps her fingers and multiple screens light up showing everyone lined up and bound to
the walls, each of them wearing collars around their necks.
The only exceptions are Cell, Diana, Chun-Li, Xeno Goku and Vegeta, and Androids 18 and
21, who are being kept inside metal coffins suspended in the air.
"Your pets are safe… for now." Towa said, putting emphasis on the word. "Rustyrose wants
them alive for the reconstruction procedure, though in my opinion, they're too troublesome to
keep alive. But as always, that fool thinks with his dick instead of his brain."
Something doesn't add up. "Why are you working for a degenerate like Rustyrose? You
realize that the second this is over, he'll turn on you."

"Ara? Are you worried that he'll defile me, darling? You are truly kind." She gives me a
quick peck on the lips. "But don't worry. I have everything under control."
"Eh?"
Towa's smirk is full of mischief. "Come now, do you really think I would lower myself to
work under such a disgusting mongrel? He is just a means to an end, that's all."
"How did you two even meet?" I asked.
"Oh that? It was by chance, or perhaps fate would be more accurate." Towa states.
Flashback
A rift appears and Towa is seen hurling out of it and finds herself in a vast forest. Injured and
exhausted, but very full of life.
"After escaping my imprisonment, I was stuck in the dimensional gap for who knows how
long. Normally, traversing through it is child's play, but in my weakened state at the time, I
couldn't muster any protection and so was swept in by the tides of entropy. Eventually, I was
spat out to this uncharted universe where that midget and her Time patrollers haven't been to
so I was safe, but also trapped."
Towa stands up and begins to walk through the empty path.
"However, it didn't take me long to run into him."
As Towa traverses the path, she bumps into someone wearing a ragged cloak. Irritated, she
sharply turns and points her staff at the person only to see the old bandages riddling his body,
his missing right arm while his left gripped tightly on something, and his burned face.
"He was in a sorry state. It was a miracle that he was even standing, let alone walking. But
that's when I sensed a powerful source of energy and saw the rock that he was clutching so
tightly." Towa states. "With that stone in my possession, I could not only return to my full
strength but get my revenge on the gods. The only thing I had to do was pry from his cold
dead hands. Unfortunately, I could not do that at the time, so instead I decided to earn his
trust." Towa explains. "For a human, he was bright. His research on the gem proved to be a
great foundation to my own plan, and shortly after I healed him, we struck a deal and began
working on making our ambitions a reality while also getting revenge on those who wronged
us."
A fully healed Rustyrose raises the Chaos Emerald and it shines creating a portal which the
two of them walk into, starting their journey.
Flashback end
"The story from there is how you likely already surmised. Traveling the multiverse,
kidnapping women and turning them into super-powered mindless soldiers." Towa says with
a dismissive tone as she tends to her other work.

[There's something odd about her story. Her meeting with Rusty seemed a little too…
convenient. Don't you think?]
'Yeah, but that's not all.' I thought. 'Several of the enemies they've thrown at us have had some
connection to the [Isekaijin, almost like they knew who they were beforehand and who would
be the best counter for them.'
[But Kushina, Hinata, and Wanda aren't connected to any of them, but they were still
enough to give them a challenge. We can't cross them out as mere coincidences either.
No, something is going on behind the scenes, something foul]
'You think Rusty and Towa are being manipulated?' I asked.
[Or being subtly persuaded to target specific individuals that you and the others have a
connection to without being aware of it, kind of like sleeper agents. After all, we don't
know what exactly happened whilst they traveled the multiverse. They may have run
into something or someone and had their memories erased. All we got was Cell's
account of events after he partnered with them]
"You said Rusty's a means to an end, what did you mean by that?" I ask and Towa turns
around.
"Exactly what it means. Our desires, for now, are one and the same." Towa said.
I just give her a skeptical look. "Seriously? We both know that's bullshit. You wouldn't team
up with a human unless you-" But I was interrupted by a blue finger in my lips.
"Shush now. You shouldn't ruin the surprise so soon. But I am happy you saw through my
deception so easily. Now I know that you're perfect for me, darling~" Towa purrs with visible
lust in her eyes.
[Looks like this isn't the harmonious partnership Rusty thinks it is, assuming he didn't
somehow foresee it and have something prepared for Towa as well]
"Still, I'm surprised you would entertain Rusty's twisted preferences by altering females into
super-soldier sex dolls, as you seem more practical than that. I thought you preferred the
company of your own creations." I asked.
"After what that bastard Mira did to me, he can burn in hell. And while it would be easier to
create my own warriors, I will humor that human fool for the time being." Towa admitted in a
venomous tone before returning to her prior demeanor. "Besides, it's not like I haven't
achieved impressive results with the altered females. If you thought the ones your friends
fought were tough, you'll be surprised when you see the best ones." Towa says with pride.
She then presses a button on the computer bank and the floor next to me splits as two large
vats rise from below; one green and one blue.
"Meet my two masterpieces, the likes of which the multiverse has ever seen, far surpassing
my Mira!" Towa's grin widens. "Of course, I can't take all of the credit. It's thanks to your

group's combat data that this was even possible."
I squint my eyes at the silhouettes floating inside. "Who's in there?"
"Spoilers~" Towa smiles.
[You are not River Song]
"They're almost ready, all they need now is energy."
"[Chaos Energy, right?" I surmised.
"Indeed." She places a hand on one of the vats. "However, I found that using its negative
variant yields better results. Still, I needed the remaining six to bring them to their full
potential, so I orchestrated events in order to make that a reality."
"So you attacked all three worlds to split us up, to isolate us?" I said.
"Because I had to. I realize that together, you and your group humans are a force to be
reckoned with as much as I hate to admit it. But separately, you are all manageable enough to
predict." A scowl then appears on her beautiful face. "The arrival of the Saiyans was an
unexpected variable. Thanks to them, I had to modify my plan, and I hate doing that."
"But how does Kid Buu fit into all of this?" I asked. "Not only was he reincarnated as a
human, but absorbing that much [Chaos Energy] would run the risk of him running amok.
How are you keeping him under control?"
"Oh, he is not the same Majin that was controlled by that fool Babidi." Towa began. "As for
your question, I merely cultivated a single cell I found on Earth and extrapolated it until it
was fully matured. Then it was a simple matter of programming that single nucleus to obey
my commands."
Flashback
Towa stabs her staff into the floors of the engine room. From the buried tip, a familiar pink
begins to pour out of it and starts digging its way downwards.
The roof of Cerebro broke off and Buu jumped into the center of the apparatus. Immediately,
it started assimilating the core, absorbing its power and quickly spreading its "limbs" all over
the room before spreading throughout the entire base.
When Towa arrives in her lab, she sees what her creation had found through the microscopic
cameras in its cells and can't help but smile with dark glee at the discovery.
"My Buu took full control of your ship. It was only a matter of commanding it to bring it here,
with you all along for the ride."
Flashback end

I can't help but grit my teeth in frustration at hearing that answer. Despite all the training we
did and all the precautions I tried to take, these assholes STILL somehow came out on top.
And now everyone, especially my girls, are likely slated to become Rusty's next victims.
All of them put their trust in me, my friends, my girls, and I let them all down.
'I really fucked up bad.'
"I hate seeing you so sad, darling. Luckily, I know just the thing to cheer you up~" Towa
walks up to me with a sway before doing something unexpected.
She grabs my clothes*RIP~*
And completely rips them off!
"The fuck!?"
[Well, this escalated quickly]
"Ara, to think you had such a monster hidden from me. I can't wait for it to break me~"
Lemon Start
Towa hops on the table and caresses my chiseled abs before lovingly moving her hands
towards my crotch and grabs my dick. She starts jerking me off with one hand while playing
with my nipples with the other.
"How do my fingers feel darling? Amazing? No surprise really since female demons are built
for lust in mind." She whispers huskily before biting on my other nipple.
"Ugh… stop!" I moaned out.
Towa giggles, a thin line of saliva drips from her mouth and onto my nipple.
"Why would I? Your little friend seems to be enjoying himself." She uses her finger to dig in
and peel the foreskin revealing the glans that it was hiding. "Now let's get the party started~"
She starts massaging the glans with her soft and small fingers as she kisses my neck and
makes her way downwards.
I bite back a moan at the incredible softness I'm feeling from below. God, it was like there
were tiny mouths sucking the shaft without stopping.
Towa finally reaches her goal and starts licking the shaft with her hot tongue while massaging
my balls with her hands. The sweaty taste of his cock mixed in with his pre-cum made even
her head spin as she bobbed her head up and down. It was addicting, it was exhilarating. She
wanted more, but while the leaky faucet of pre-cum was tasty, it still wasn't enough, so she
had to change tactics.

Deeming her dress/catsuit useless, she snaps her fingers and it vanishes from her body,
revealing an exotic hourglass figure, tender yet supple hips, toned stomach and an impressive
I-cup breasts.
"Um…" Even I couldn't deny the fact that Towa was incredibly sexy.
Towa licks her lips as she wedges my cock between her impressive melons. "Oooh, I can feel
it pulsing, so warm…" she squeezes her tits together and starts moving them up and down,
effectively trapping my long shaft in a prison of softness.
I held back a gasp when I felt the impossible softness surrounding my cock, it was better than
her fingers.
More pre-cum leaks heavily as Towa wraps her lips around the head before taking the whole
of his cock into her mouth without issue. She bobs her head up and down, the tip easily
reaching down her throat before pulling back and then pushing it in again in a perpetual loop.
The tightening sensation surrounding his length was addicting.
I bit my lower lip as the arousal was too much. I was close, so very close from release but I
didn't want to give the bitch her satisfaction. So, I tried to hold the urge to cum for as long as
possible.
Towa can see him fighting the urge not to cum and soon smiles. 'How cute, but there are
more ways to make a man cum.' Her hand sliders through his pants and puts two fingers in his
asshole.
"AAAHHH!" I scream as I feel the sudden intrusion below. "What the fuck are you doing!?"
Towa ignores him and continues playing with his ass, causing him to spasm as he tries to
break free.
However, the stimulation was enough to lose focus, giving Towa a thick dose of cum,
shooting straight down her throat.
Towa happily drinks it, it is so rich, creamy and warm. She could drink it for hours. 'He really
is the one…'
I look down as Towa pulls her back, showing off her cum-filled mouth to me before giving it
a thick swallow.
She smirks, her face covered with stains of cum and lust. "Thank you for the meal~"
My face, however, showed the polar opposite: hatred for what she just did to me. "You
bitch!"
"You were denying me my meal, so like any starving animal, I fought for it. And besides,"
she leans closer to my face. "I know you loved it."
"Fuck you."

"That's what I'm counting on~" She purrs as she grabs my hardened length and guides it to
her wet entrance. "Uhh…" She moans as she slowly pushes my cock into her tight entrance
until she pushes herself up and slams down completely on my cock. "Oh fuck!" She bites
down on her lip as her body buzzes with sensations she hasn't felt in centuries, almost
overwhelming her more logical side.
"Shit!" I gasp at how tight and warm Towa's tunnel is. I can feel her walls choking my length
as it gripped me in a hot, wet vice. 'I don't know how long I can stand it!'
[I'm working as fast as I can!]
Towa keeps her hands on my stomach as she moves her hips, slamming herself up and down
on my cock. Her large blue breasts jiggle with every motion, giving me a front-row of her
alluring hard nipples, alluring me to just bite on them as she rides me like a horse.
I can see a bulge forming in her stomach every time her hips move, our bodies coming
together with loud slapping of wet flesh on flesh echoes the lab.
She pants through her mouth, tongue hanging out loosely like a dog in heat as her honeypot
swallows my cocks again and again. "Ahh! Oh fuck! Your dick is so good!" Towa moans
with each slam of her hips, sweat pouring down on her body from the intense workout before
grabbing my face and quickly kisses me.
The kiss was passionate and lewd, her tongue fighting against mine for dominance, sucking
on my lips with vacuum-like force as her hands wandered, grabbing onto both of mine as she
began to really ride me and pick up speed.
The [Sex God] perk grants me infinite stamina and unparalleled sexual prowess, along with
amplifying pleasure into the ultimate sexual experience. It's why Towa is so wild and
ferocious, because she is experiencing the greatest pleasure she's ever felt in her life.
Towa growls into my mouth, her grip on my hands tightening as slams harder onto my
length. She can feel my cock growing bigger as she goes even faster.
"Ahh! Your dick is digging in so deep! It feels so GOOD! Ah! I knew you were the one for
me! I'm so… Ah…looking forward to our future together, darling~" Towa managed to say in
between moans while increasing the pace, having trouble even forming coherent thoughts due
to the overwhelming pleasure she's experiencing.
Even incubi weren't THIS good!
'Damn it, I shouldn't be enjoying this! I need to get away from this bitch now!' I thought,
trying to muster the strength to break free from my restraints even while dealing with the
pleasure of the female demon riding me, but to no avail.
Soon, Towa was reaching her limit.
"Darling, I'm cumming!" Towa breathed out, hugging her captive tight as she climaxed.
"Shit!" I was also climaxing, filling her demon womb white with spunk.

+100 Affection from Towa (100/100)
Lemon end
Towa rises up, her mouth panting like a wild animal. "That… was wonderful. I haven't had
that much stimulation in centuries." She lovingly touches my cheek. "You certainly reignited
something within me."
"Can't say the feeling's mutual." I sneered with bated anger.
Towa mewls as she slowly pushes herself off my still hard cock and gets off the metal bed, a
stream of cum falls on the metal floor.
"Oh darling, you really filled me up. Don't worry, once this is all over and my plans come to
fruition, I'll make sure to make you a very happy man in our future together~" Towa purrs as
she walks towards a nearby table and grabs a black fluorescent vial. "But first, we
must evolve you into something more fitting of your new status."
"My new status?"
"Why yes. You're new status as [Dark King]. After all, every queen needs a king. And
I absolutely refuse for my husband to be weaker than me!" She takes an injector and places
the vial inside, locking it into place. "But considering your potential, you may even exceed
the likes of a god and become something beyond all. Beyond anything the multiverse has
ever known!"
"You're making a mistake here. Giving me more power will only be your undoing!" I warned
her.
"Perhaps, but I'm sure you'll see things my way soon." Towa walks towards him with the
injector in hand and watches her future husband/test subject struggle to free himself. "Be still
now. I do not want to hit something vital by mistake." She grabs my head and turns it to the
side then takes the injector against my neck and pulls the trigger.
"No!" I feel something enter as she pushes the dark substance into my body. My pupils
contract and the sclera turns red. It's hot, my veins are on fire as they bulge and become
visible across my body.
Towa watches with a wide smile as his body starts to exude a black aura, an evil and
oppressive presence that can destroy any and all forms of life the moment they are in contact
with him. "Yes…"
"Ugh." Lamy moans as she slowly opens her eyes. "What happened?"
"Looks like you're awake." A familiar voice registers in her mind and the rabbit demon eyes
snap open.
Lamy turns and sees Seilah bound to the wall in energy cuffs, and it isn't just her either as all
of the Etherious and humans are all bound as well.

"As for your question, we have been tricked. Led into a false sense of victory." Seliah calmly
responds with a bit of an edge.
"We all were. I'm ashamed that I didn't even see it coming." Torafuzar adds.
"You're not the only one." Gajeel growls.
"It was all part of Rustyrose's plan: to spread our forces thin and fight his dolls, exhausting us
so that we couldn't offer any resistance." Larcade states.
"He played us for fools." Fried said.
"And now we're doomed to be that human's pets." Tempester hissed.
"I don't see Chisato, Shizuka, or Lady Avalon anywhere. I hope they're okay." Laki prayed.
"For now, we should think of a way to escape." Kyôka suggested.
"That will not be easy, our host made sure of that." Bloodman notes, trying to turn into his
mist form but fails.
"Our bindings are suppressing our powers. We can't break free unless someone shuts them
down." August states.
"We'll find a way, and even if we don't, I have faith in Asmodeus-sama that he will come to
rescue us!" Lamy says, only for Tempester to scoff.
"That fool is likely dead, seeing as he isn't bound like the rest of us. This is what we get for
relying upon that pathetic abomination." Tempester spat, only to be cut off by the dark aura
emanating from everyone. Seilah, Lamy, and even Kyôka release their KI while Torafuzar,
Larcade, and even Bloodman scowl at him.
"What the hell is wrong with you, Tempester?! Asmodeus-sama has been nothing but
generous and supportive to all of us!" Lamy yelled. "He revived you, he rebuilt our old guild
building into a mighty palace, helped us acquire strength and forms of power beyond our
wildest dreams that we didn't even know about, and gave us a chance to pursue a higher
purpose and our own dreams instead of blindly seeking out Zeref-sama to kill him." Lamy
rants, fed up with his attitude towards their master despite everything he has done for them.
"Lamy is correct, Tempester. You have always had issues, but this is not the time or place for
it, especially after everything Asmodeus-sama has done for us." Torafuzar glares at the
former Demon Gate.
"And you would be wise not to speak ill of Asmodeus-sama in my presence, Tempester. He is
not just our master, but in my case my husband as well." Seilah darkly replies, not permitting
anyone to speak badly of her master/husband.
"Yeah!" The rest of the harem agreed.

"Fools! You're all nothing but fools!" Tempester yelled. "He's not a human, dragon or even a
demon! He is an abomination, a creature that should not exist!"
"So!? Why should that matter!? He helped us! He brought you back from the dead!" Mirajane
argued.
"I refuse to be damned to eternal subordination towards that THING!" Tempester screamed.
"Hey! Asmodeus is not a thing! Take that back right now!" Natsu yelled.
"Or what boy? You may have Curse Power, but you are not one of us. You are nothing but a
pretender who thinks that he is a true demon." Tempester leans in with an angry scowl on his
face. "I will kill him, then I'll kill you all and show this universe the power of a true demon."
"You're insane." Erza spat out. "Is destruction all you can think of?"
"Destruction is the role of a demon, it is our reason for everything." Tempester began.
"Asmodeus may have corrupted the Etherious with his power but I will not fall. I see him for
what he is and will do whatever it takes to see him destroyed!"
"This is ridiculous, Tempester! Has your memory degraded so much that you forgot where
your strength comes from!?" Torafuzar yelled, uncharacteristically annoyed by the constant
denial.
"Yeah! What the fuck is your problem, man!?" Gray demands.
"Asmodeus has given us so much. He breathed new life into us, trained us, and I even got to
finally experience what it meant to have a family." Larcade says while scowling. "I refuse to
let anyone take that away from me, especially you."
"While I may not have necessarily chosen Asmodeus-sama as my master, he has ultimately
earned my respect and loyalty through his strength, resourcefulness, and determination even
in the face of grim odds that could spell death. And even if that wasn't the case, as Torafuzar
said, this is not the time or place for this." Bloodman said, annoyed at his fellow Etherious.
"Clearly I need to ask Asmodeus-sama for permission to discipline you after this is over, you
fool." Kyôka growled.
"Forget discipline. Let's just kill him!" An angry Lamy chimes in.
"I second that." Seilah adds.
"I triple that." Ur chimed.
"We can save that for when this is over. As Kyôka said, we should focus on finding a way to
escape." Laxus says, causing everyone to reluctantly drop their annoyance at Tempester. "If
we can't do this on our own, we should try coordinating with the others in our escape attempt.
Given all the individuals we were working with, I'm sure we can come up with a way to
escape."

"Too bad none of you will get the chance." A familiar voice arrogantly states. "You all are my
guests, and should behave with dignity or else."
Rustyrose then appears, grabbing the attention of everyone, or at least a hologram of him did.
Immediately, the atmosphere becomes oppressive as everyone glares at the man with deepseated disgust and anger.
"Rustyrose, you bastard! You won't get away with this! Where the hell is Asmodeus-kun?"
Mirajane roared as she glared hatefully at him.
Rusty, however, merely smiles. "Now, now, Mira-san, you shouldn't talk that way to your
future lord and master, I'll need to work on removing that defiance out of you and the other
girls later." Rustyrose replies, causing every female present to glare at him even harder. "As
for your question, my partner Towa is undoubtedly dissecting him as we speak. She wanted to
study him due to being interested in replicating his capabilities, and I obliged."
Everyone's eyes widened at the proclamation.
"Y-You… YOUUUUU!" Cana roars as she exerts her magic only to suddenly feel nauseated
and drained.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you, my dear. That apparatus is made to drain you of your life
force if you get too rowdy. So I would suggest you conserve as much as possible, it would be
a hassle to revive you." Rusty said. "As for the rest of you, I haven't really decided yet. Maybe
I'll turn you all into mindless drones, guinea pigs for new experiments, or just recycle you all
for spare parts."
"You fiend! Does morality mean nothing to you!? To go around playing with human lives is
sickening!" Makarov yelled.
"You call it sickening, I call it breathtaking." Rusty counters. "I am on the verge of reaching
heights no human in our universe has ever seen. I will transcend all limitations and reshape
this universe and the multiverse into one Master Hades will be proud of!"
"At the cost of everyone's souls!?" Erza yelled.
"Everyone will still have their souls, lovely Erza. My will would simply be ingrained in all of
them to ensure they recognize their God." Rustyrose smugly replies. "All of you will soon
adhere to my will and will obey without question and never even realize it. I could do
something like order you and your mother Irene to join my bed and both of you will obey
without a second thought, thinking it's of your own volition."
Irene and Erza looked enraged, horrified, and even nauseous simultaneously at hearing his
proclamation.
"Just when I think you can't get any worse, you find new ways to prove me wrong every time
you open your mouth! I don't think I've ever hated anyone as much as you in my entire life!"
Irene growled.

"You are an embarrassment to all men!" Elfman yells.
"I will rip your fucking nuts off." Lisanna growled.
"I will make sure you beg me to rip them off." Laki sneers.
"I will bury you in a tsunami of sand." Max adds.
"I will petrify you and shatter you to a million pieces." Evergreen swore.
"I'll turn you into swiss cheese." Bisca said.
"Juvia will drown you until your lungs explode." Juvia said.
"I will age you to dust, you son of a bitch!" Ultear swears.
"I'll make sure to freeze your dick off and make you eat it before using Zeref's [Black
Arts] to make you experience hell!" Ur yells.
"I'll shrink you down to an ant and crush you with my bare hands!" Brandish says.
"You will experience the true wrath of demons when I get my hands on you." Seilah growls.
"I'll be sure to make you beg as I try out the various skills and abilities I got from Asmodeuskun." Mirajane says.
"I will throw you into a black hole!" Lucy said.
"I will rip out your vocal cords so that you can't terrorize anyone with your annoying voice."
Levy darkly adds.
'Damn…' Gajeel blushes at his fiancee's darker side. 'And there's the boner.'
"Don't come near us." Wendy glares at him.
"Go die in a ditch freak." Carla hissed.
"I will turn you inside out and make you vomit your own skin." Brandish said.
"I will poison you and make you impotent." Kinana sneers.
Rusty listens to their threats and lets out a mirthless chuckle. "Cute. I will certainly miss that
Fairy Tail spirit." He then vanishes and reappears before the
bound [Isekaijin] beauties. "Now you ladies… you ladies got my interest."
"Fuck you." Yoko spat out while she and Yuko glared at him.
"Soon, darling, there is no rush." Rusty smirks.
"Gross." Konomi gags.

He then turns to the Demon Lords and the Heavenly Virtue. "The embodiments of humanity's
greatest sins and virtues." He licks his lips as he stares at their inhuman curves. "Hm… if I
wasn't a projection, I would take you three right now."
"Dream on, you lecherous pig!" Mammon hissed.
"A pathetic tick like you can never hope to compare to a Demon Lord." Belial spat.
"Divine punishment awaits those who indulge in such despicable behavior." Sariel warns.
The projection chuckles and now stands before the floating coffins containing the strongest
fighters of the group.
"I take it you are all comfortable in your new abodes?" Rusty snidely asks.
"Oh, you bet I am, little man. And I'll show you my gratitude by SMASHING MY FISTS
INTO YOUR FACE AND BREAK YOUR SKULL!" Xeno Vegeta raged.
"You know, I can see why Asmodeus and his group hate you so much. You're just rotten to
the core." Xeno Goku said with a clear edge in his tone.
"We all have something we want. I'm just one of the few that's willing to go the extra mile to
get it." Rusty states.
"You're a monster." Chun-Li said in disgust, finding him even WORSE than M. Bison.
"Current circumstances aside, I'm glad that Asmodeus summoned all of us. Not just because
we got to meet an amazing man who would become our husband in the process, but also
because it likely kept us out of your reach and gave us a chance to punish you for your
atrocities. The fact that you took several of our friends only strengthens my belief that you
would have gone after all of us if Asmodeus hadn't summoned us." Diana says in a resolute
tone while glaring at Rustyrose.
"It's convenient that you mention that. While I was searching the multiverse for the greatest
beauties of all time to become my tools, I did manage to find a few. But for some reason, the
best of them all were missing across various timelines and universes. And despite the fact that
there should have been countless versions of Wonder Woman throughout the multiverse, I
couldn't find even a SINGLE one and now I see why. Asmodeus had unintentionally kept you
and your comrades out of my reach. Thankfully, that annoying thorn isn't here to protect you
and the other girls this time." Rustyrose reveals to the surprise of Diana and the others,
realizing that Asmodeus had unknowingly saved all of them from becoming Rustyrose's
victims.
"Yes, at this point, we're ALL familiar with your disgusting interests and fetishes alongside
your madness and thirst for power. But if you think we will allow you to succeed after
everything you've done, then you're a bigger fool than I gave you credit for." Cell spat.
"Don't bet on it, Cell. I've come too far to fail now, especially since Asmodeus isn't here to
stop me." Rusty boasts before looking at Xeno Goku and Vegeta. "I've heard much about you

two from Towa and how you're supposed to be great and powerful warriors. I would prefer to
make you my pawns, but Towa informed me that you two have demonstrated some history of
resisting mind control through sheer will and pride alone. Perhaps your wives, Chi-Chi and
Bulma, will suffice?" Rusty mockingly said, causing the demeanor of the two Saiyans to
darken considerably.
"I take it back, you're BEYOND rotten to the core! To think you would do such horrible
things without hesitation is disgusting!" Xeno Goku says in an enraged voice.
"Like hell you are gonna touch our wives, you wretched bastard!" Xeno Vegeta yells.
"Then maybe I'll go after your daughter and Goku's granddaughter. I believe their names
were Bulla and Pan, yes?" Rusty smirks.
Xeno Vegeta's rage boils over and turns [Super Saiyan 4]. "YOU SICK FUCK!" But
immediately, the coffin lights and quickly siphons Vegeta's energy, reverting him back to
normal. "Shit…!"
Xeno Goku glares at Rusty. "Stay the hell away from them!"
Rusty mockingly laughs in response before looking at 18 and 21. "You two are looking as
beautiful as ever, though it disappoints me that you would choose to side with Asmodeus over
your master."
"You're NOT our master, you son of a bitch! You're just a power-hungry monster and a sexual
predator who tortured and brainwashed us and countless other women to be your precious
'dolls'!" 18 roars.
"Even if we had tried to run away, you likely would have pursued us anyway. At least with
Asmodeus, we got a chance to become strong enough to stop your mad plan, save the other
females who are your victims, and ultimately punish you for all that you did!" 21 says in
anger.
"You can try, but even if you could escape, you'll have to go through my improved
dolls." Rusty declares before a hologram of Meredy and four other cloaked females suddenly
appear in front of everyone.
"Meredy!" Ultear and Jellal yell simultaneously in horror.
"Why don't you four ladies remove your cloaks? I imagine Fairy Tail in particular will be
shocked." Rusty tauntingly informs them, causing them to comply and remove their cloaks,
causing a collection of gasps to erupt from the Fairy Tail mages.
It was Yukino, Kagura, Minerva, and Jenny. But just by looking at them you can see that they
have been heavily altered and brainwashed based on their blank faces and their feminine
assets are curvier and sexier than before, not to mention bigger, with Yukino and Kagura now
having J-cup breasts while Minerva and Jenny now have K-cup breasts.

"Yukino!" Lucy cries in horror at the state of her fellow Celestial Spirit Mage and close
friend.
"Kagura! Minerva!" Erza yells in a similar manner, being horrified at what that bastard had
done to her friends.
"Jenny!" Mira says in shock, surprised to see her fellow model and friend here.
"They are the latest batch. Using all of the data I obtained from all of your battles, I was able
to perfect the Bodily and Magic Core modification process. Now my dolls are true goddesses
in physical form." Rusty states.
"I already was unable to ever forgive you for what you did to me and the innocent children in
my class, but I think Irene-san said it best in stating that just when we think you can't get any
worse, you keep finding new ways to prove us wrong." Anna angrily says while glaring at the
projection.
"Every time I see a new innocent woman become another one of your victims, it only makes
me more determined to punish you. The fact that you went after close friends of my daughter
and her guildmates only makes this more personal." Layla states with a burning hatred
present in her eyes.
"If you hate me now, then you'll certainly hate me for this." He snaps his fingers and one
more person makes their appearance.
"No…" Layla whispers in horror.
"No, no, no, no. You bastard… YOU SICK BASTARD!" Brandish screams as tears roll off
her face.
"Ladies and gentlemen. I would like to present to you all the new and improved Grammi
μ." Rusty gestures in a curtsy yet snide manner.
"Grammi… μ? That's Brandish's mother!" Lucy exclaims.
"You revived Brandi's mother just to spite her?! Is there truly no line you won't cross or any
act of spite you won't commit?!" Dimaria says in disgust.
"No. And I am just getting started." Rusty says with a straight face.
Brandish was freaking out. "I'll kill you… I SWEAR I'LL FIND YOU AND FUCKING
KILL YOU, RUSTYROSE!"
"I am truly ashamed at how far you have fallen or the fact that I made the mistake of taking
you on as my disciple." August said while shaking his head. "I see now why Irene was so
angry at me when we reunited. I too am outraged at what you have become."
"What's there to be ashamed or outraged about? I was your greatest success, considering I
will reshape this entire multiverse as I see fit, August-sama." Rusty refutes.

"You won't get away with this, Rustyrose. We WILL stop you." Mercphobia warns, though it
only draws a scoff from him.
"I doubt it. Now, as much as I would love to continue this banter, I'm afraid I have a tight
schedule to keep. Ascending to godhood is no small feat, after all." Rusty says before the
hologram disappears and the brainwashed girls all vanish.
"That bastard! I think I speak for all of us when I say he is the worst person any of us have
EVER encountered." Natsu exclaims, a sentiment drawing agreement from everyone.
"What will we do?" Happy asks in fear, the implications of the universal reset causing fear to
replace the deep rage and disgust they felt towards Rustyrose.
"I REFUSE to believe Asmodeus-sama won't come to save us!" Brandish proclaims.
"Me neither, but he wouldn't want us to wait too long with such limited time either. So we
either need a plan or a miracle to get out of here." Cana replies.
"Then it's a good thing fucking miracles exist then." Everyone hears a voice and they all see a
projection of a man wearing a set of blue armor and helmet with a big orange visor.
"Sup, dipshits. The name's Leonard L. Church, and I'm here to raise Hell." The hologram,
Church said.
Earlier – Aincrad
*BANG!* *BANG!*
*ROOOOAAAAAR!*
Loud bangs and beast-like roars can be heard coming from the other side of a door.
The view then changes perspective to Chisato and Shizuka, with Shizuka's hand over a lever.
They look banged up, their clothes are ripped in places, showing bits of their bras and
panties.
"You know the plan, yes? You flip the lever and I'll blast the monsters." Chisato said.
"B-But, Chisato-san-" A scared Shizuka mutters before stopping herself and nods. "Okay…"
Chisato smiles. "Remember. When I say run, run. Ready?"
Shizuka flips the lever and the doors open, and the zombie-like monstrosities quickly flood
the room.
"Haa!" Chisato fires a beam of magic and [Ki] at the monsters, eviscerating them. However,
this is short-lived as their bodies quickly start to reform.
"RUN!" Chisato and Shizuka immediately make a run for it.

A pink appendage grabs the corner of the door and a pink head peeks out, watching the two
females running away.
Pink tentacles spread throughout the walls, floor and roof like parasites as they travel towards
their intended target.
Chisato senses something and turns back to see the entire hall seemingly coming to life and
lunges at them like a predator.
"Duck!"
The two ladies quickly duck and black flames suddenly burst from thin air and burn the pink
sludge.
"EeeAaaaahhhhh!" The pink monster screams as it is engulfed in black flames and turns
into ashes.
The two nurses look up to see Asmodeus standing in front of them. At first, they're overjoyed
to see him, but then notice his labored breathing, his wounds, and the fact that he is tightly
gripping his chest.
Name: Shizuka Marikawa
Title: Nurse of the Dead, Busty Blonde Nurse, Isekaijin
Affiliation: Asmodeus
Level: 602
HP: 5,667,433
MP: 5,443,211
SP: 4,900,209
AP: 4,772,554
Thoughts about you: Happy to see you
Current status: Servant (Permanent), Wife
Name: Chisato Hasegawa
Title: Afureia, Strongest Goddess of the Ten Gods, Isekaijin
Affiliations: Ten Gods (Former), Hijirigasaka Academy (Nurse), Asmodeus
Level: 777
HP: 9,901,723

MP: 9,978,554
SP: 9,055,151
AP: 10,004,332
Thoughts about you: Happy to see you
Current status: Servant (Permanent), Wife
"Hey guys. You're not hurt, are you-Hugh!" Asmodeus takes a knee and coughs black blood.
"Asmodeus-kun!" The two ladies quickly rush to his side.
"Hang on, Asmodeus-kun! I'll fix you right up!" Shizuka activates [Salvation] to heal his
wounds.
"Don't bother, I'm just a clone. Besides," He lets go of his chest, revealing the large hole
growing right in the center. "I'm already too far gone to be saved."
"!?" The two gasp in horror at the sight.
"How… what happened to you?" Shizuka asks in horror.
Flashback
"It was shortly after I found out what the pink slime really was that things went down the
shitter." The clone began.
Majin Buu screams at them and the pink slime around them spring to life and quickly snares
them. The clone tries to get Lamy out but he is too slow and she is taken away with the clone
barely escaping.
"I tried to rescue Lamy but I wasn't quick enough. I fought my way out of Cerebro and made
my way upwards. On my way to the control room, I realized that the entire place had been
transported to outer space and had to fight more of those pink blob monsters." The clone
explains. "As for the hole in my chest…"
The clone fights several of the monsters but is shot from behind by a beam of black energy,
punching straight through his chest and screams in pain.
He grits his teeth and activates his [Amaterasu, engulfing everything around him in a sea of
black flames to make sure there's nothing left of these freaks of nature.
"... it's the price I paid for underestimating them." He said.
Flashback end
"[Negative Chaos Energy] is something else. It can empower the user but also corrupt them
completely. It can also negate other forms of energy that aren't Chaos in origin. And since I'm

made of [Dark Matter] and [Aura]..." The clone cuts off, but the ladies understand what he
means.
"You're dying." Chisato said.
"Well not dying, more like decay or degradation." The clone clarifies but sees the worried
looks on their faces with Shizuka's eyes even tearing up. "Hey, stop that. Even when I
disappear, I won't really be gone. My memories and experiences will just transfer back to the
boss. So don't cry."
"But still-"
"No more crying, got it?" The clone said earnestly.
Shizuka holds back a sob and nods. "Alright, Asmodeus-kun, but the thought of you being
gone isn't easy for us. Clone or not, you're still our husband." She gives him a kiss.
"Here's one from me, too~" Chisato also gives him a kiss.
The clone smiles at this, appreciating the genuine love and devotion from the girls. "Look,
let's just take advantage of the time I have left to reunite with others as soon as possible.
There is strength in numbers, after all, and if we're lucky, we'll find the boss and/or most of
the others."
"Alright, Asmodeus-kun. We'll support you as best we can. We're not powerless or helpless in
a fight, either." Chisato replies, confident in her strength. She was already a powerful goddess
even before becoming an [Isekaijin] and the training she did in the Hyperbolic Time
Chamber merely reaffirmed this fact.
Shizuka was no slouch either in martial arts or using [Ki] and [Aura, even if she largely still
preferred being a nurse/healer. Asmodeus had invested more time in her because unlike
everyone, Shizuka was a civilian. A strong and incredibly intelligent civilian, but a civilian
nonetheless. He saw potential in her to get stronger. He wanted her to serve as his
organization's doctor alongside Chisato and Yuko moving forward, so she would need to at
least be able to defend herself.
Chisato helps the clone stand up and the three make their way down the path and straight to
an elevator.
"We need to get to [Satan's Soul]. There is something there that will help us." The clone
opens his [Inventory] and pulls out his [Sonic Screwdriver]. "I never got to use this since I
got it. Better late than never." He points the screwdriver at the panel and turns it on, causing it
to make a buzzing-like noise.
*Rooaar!*
Chisato and Shizuka whip their heads back at the distant but very familiar bellow behind
them.

"Um, Asmodeus-kun? I don't want to rush you but could you please hurry up!?" Chisato
squeaked.
The clone's brows furrowed. "Give me a break. This is my first time using a screwdriver."
Shadows can be seen getting bigger.
"Asmodeus-kun!" Both girls yell at the same time.
A second later a familiar sound is heard and the elevator doors open.
The trio quickly move into the elevator as the doors close behind them.
Asmodeus presses the specific floor button and the elevator starts moving towards its
destination.
"We should be able to take a breather for a bit." The clone sighs and leans on the wall. "Man,
I'm glad that the elevators still work. I did not want to take the stairs."
"Yeah. Elevators are much better than stairs." Shizuka adds.
"Elevators are much sexier than stairs." Chisato chimed.
"That they are." The clone said with a light chuckle.
*CLANG!*
The elevator stops abruptly with a loud thud, causing everyone to jump in surprise.
"W-What was that!?" Shizuka yelled.
"Me and my big mouth." The clone murmurs and straightens himself.
The elevator starts to rumble ominously, drawing concerns from the three of them. And to
their horror, traces of pink goo can be seen coming through the edges.
"Dammit, those bastards are consuming the elevator!" The clone curses, knowing he had to
conserve his strength as much as he reasonably can if he wanted to prolong his existence long
enough to get Chisato and Shizuka to safety.
"Not if I have anything to say about it! I refuse to be a victim of another mindless horde of
monsters!" Shizuka proclaims, the situation causing memories of her experiences of the
undead hordes that started to plague her world before her summoning to resurface.
Acting quickly, Shizuka fires a Ki blast at the floor of the elevator, allowing for a decent
sized hole to form without completely collapsing the floor.
"Let's jump!" Shizuka says before jumping through the hole, with Chisato and Asmodeus
briefly glancing at each other before following Shizuka.

The three descend downwards as the elevator is completely consumed. The clone quickly
comes up with a plan and summons the [Claws of Hades]. "Grab onto me! Hurry!"
Without hesitation, Chisato grabs onto the clone's forearm while Shizuka grabs onto Chisato's
right ankle.
"Gotta time this right." He stares at all the elevator doors passing by in quick succession.
"1… 2… 3!"
The clone stabs the [Claws of Hades] to the wall slowing down his descent until it comes to
a halt next to a door.
"Quickly! Open the doors! I don't know how long I can keep this up!" The clone yells with
worry, his strength starting to fade.
Chisato raises her hand and uses her magic to rip the elevator doors open. She leaps towards
the exit and manages to grab on the edge and climb in.
Shizuka follows suit, reaching forward and grabbing the edge of the door.
"I got you." Chisato grabs Shizuka's arm and pulls her in.
The clone pulls out one of the sickles and throws it inside, its sharp blade stabs itself on the
metal floor.
He pulls on the chain to make sure it's secure. "Alright." He pulls out the other blade and he
proceeds to swing down stopping right above the entrance.
The clone uses the chain and quickly climbs his way up. Shizuka extends her arm out and the
clone grabs it, pulling him up.
"Thank you." The clone smiles before turning his attention to the pink-infested path
beyond. "[Satan's Soul] is right down this hall."
"You said there was something in Lamy-senpai's lab that'll help us. But what is it?" Chisato
asks.
"It's something that Lamy and the boss have been working on after the whole Viernes fiasco."
The clone explains before abruptly stopping confusing the women.
"Asmodeus-kun?" Shizuka says before getting shushed.
"Do you hear that?" The clone asks the women.
The two are confused at first but then they hear the sounds of familiar groaning and see a
group of Majin monsters walking in the distance.
However, what attracts the clone's attention is the gray Chaos Emerald in one of their hands.

'If I can get my hands on that emerald… I can stop all of this once and for all!' He raises his
hand as he activates his [Psionic Manipulation] to bring the gem to him.
*BA-BUMP!*
"Ugh!" The clone bites back a scream as his body is racked in agonizing pain, the hole in his
chest becoming much bigger.
"?" One of the pink monsters senses a disturbance and turns to the side, but finds nothing. It
turns its attention back to the rest of the group and marches onward.
The nurses stand rooted in place and sweating profusely as they watch the horde of monsters
walking past them, ignoring their presence as they head towards the unknown.
"That was too close." Shizuka whispers.
"Yeah. And did you see that gem one of them was carrying? I believe it is one of the Chaos
Emeralds." Chisato states.
*THUD!*
However, their attention soon switches to sight of the clone collapsing on the floor
"Asmodeus-kun!" Shizuka and Chisato kneel before the clone to check his condition. They
gently turn his body and gasp in horror as they see the hole in his chest now the size of a
basketball.
"Oh my god…" Shizuka whispers in horror.
"He's going into cardiac arrest! We need to heal him now!" Chisato said.
"No! There's no time! The lab is just ahead!" The clone objects.
"But Asmodeus-" "You can't heal me, not with this kind of injury. It's already taking all of my
willpower just to stay alive. If you use your magic now, the opposite energy will cause an
explosion and kill you." The clone explains.
"Then what do we do!?" An anxious Shizuka cries.
The clone looks at the two with emotion. "... help me up. I can't seem to muster any strength
on my legs."
Chisato and Shizuka look at each other before they both slings his arms around their
shoulders and help him up.
"Are you sure there isn't anything we can do to heal your wounds, or at least soothe the
pain?" Shizuka asks in worry.
The trio continues to head to their destination when they hear footsteps approaching.

"Girls… leave me behind and save yourselves." The clone says, but to his surprise, they both
shake their heads in refusal and even glare at him.
"No. You helped us make it this far, Asmodeus-kun, so now it's our turn to help you."
Shizuka says, with Chisato nodding in agreement.
The clone blinks and smiles, touched by their resolve. 'Guess the boss was worried for
nothing after all.'
However, to their surprise, the footsteps aren't from the Majin. Instead, they're from three
familiar girls and their cat.
"YOU!?" Faris, Luso, Ennie, and Touka exclaim in surprise.
"Huh, I have to admit, I wasn't expecting to see you girls here, though for what it's worth, I'm
glad you're all okay." The clone says, though Ennie Signario glares at him.
"Like you ACTUALLY care after you locked us up, you bastard!" Ennie yells.
"Okay first off, stop yelling or you'll draw attention to ourselves. Second, I didn't lock you up
out of malice. You guys might have been brainwashed by Viernes, but you were willing
subordinates of Ignia and too much was at stake with this fight with Rusty, especially when I
noticed your piqued interest when I mentioned the Chaos Emeralds. Last thing Earthland
needed was another egotistic sociopath getting their hands on a Chaos Emerald. Besides, my
intervention saved you guys from the same fate as your guild and even Ignia." The clone
defends, before looking at Faris and Touka. "And I took you guys to prevent you from
becoming collateral damage in Guiltina."
"What are you talking about?" A mad Ennie demands and the clone sighs.
"They're all dead. Fire and Flame has been wiped out by the same bastards who hijacked my
castle." The clone reveals, shocking the sisters.
"Wait… What about Ignia-sama?" A worried Luso asks.
"He was captured and brainwashed, and was set loose on Ishgar. However, Natsu and the
other Dragon Slayers manage to break their hold on him." The clone then sighs.
"Unfortunately, with Ignia being Ignia, he opted to fight us instead of joining us and paid the
ultimate price."
"No…" A horrified Ennie whispered.
Luso falls to her knees in distraught. "Ignia-sama…"
"For what it's worth, Ignia didn't have any regrets. Despite the circumstances, Ignia was
content that it was Natsu and I who delivered the final blow. Heck, he even christened Natsu
as the new Fire Dragon God in the end. That guy is so unpredictable." The clone chuckles.
The clone eyes the sisters, still in a state of shock, and sighs.

"Look, I know this is a lot to take in, but I'm not gonna apologize for what happened. So, I
will give you a choice." The sisters look intensely at the clone like some kind of prophet.
"You can join us in our fight to take back this castle. Rustyrose is after my Chaos Emeralds
and if he gets his hands on them, then not just Earthland but the entire multiverse will be in
danger. He will reshape all of reality to fit his twisted vision with himself as its center and
ultimate god. He will turn you both into mindless drones that will either fight for him or
warm his bed, many of the women in my group can attest to that." He gives the girls a softer
look. "I'm asking you two, not as an enemy or a friend, but as a good man, help me save your
world."
Luso looks at this powerful man with slight admiration. How can he ask that to a pair of
strangers, especially when at some point they were enemies? She can't really remember the
last time anyone was this kind to her, her other guild members were very weird and annoying
but she didn't hate them.
"What a load of bull." Luso looks up at her sister sporting a very profound scowl on her face.
"Nee-san…" Luso whispers as Ennie reaches her boiling point.
"You have a lot of nerve to say such things to us. You think your honeyed words will be
enough to convince us to join you!? We were the disciples of a GOD! He saw in us
something that made us different from all humans! He was going to make us become
something more and you took that chance away from us like it didn't even matter." She rants
on the verge of crying. "Just what gives you the right to judge us!? What gives you the right
to kill our master, to stop our mission!? Just who the hell do you think you are!?"
The clone silently stares at a wheezing Ennia before he finds his voice.
"When we fought Ignia, he did admit frustration to the destruction of his guild and his
enslavement, but even after learning that you two were alive when I told him, he said that his
guild was ultimately still dead and that he would have proceeded with his plans on his own.
To him, Fire & Flame was little more than expendable. It was only a means to an end." He
explained.
"You lie! Ignia took us in when no one else batted an eye our way! Just what makes you think
that you have any moral high ground here, huh!?" Ennie yelled.
"You're right, I don't. And while I don't know what kind of past you two went through, that
doesn't mean I'm not willing to listen." The clone said. "Also, despite what you think, I never
wanted Ignia dead, neither did Natsu since they were both sons of the Fire Dragon King, but
he left us no choice. He'd rather die as a dragon than work alongside humans."
Luso then stands up. "If we help you… if we join you… will you make us something more
than human?"
Ennie's neck turns sharply at her sister, shocked by her words. "Luso!?"
The clone nods. "Yes I can. I have given Fairy Tail access to new powers and abilities,
making them stronger than they were when the Alvarez War broke out. Some of the members

can even transform into dragons." He states, surprising the sisters.
"D-Dragons!?" Luso stammers in surprise.
The clone gestures to Chisato. "The woman holding up my right arm is Chisato, and she's a
LITERAL Goddess from another world, so she can verify my words."
The four girls turn to Chisato who let out a sheepish chuckle.
"Is it true? Are you really a goddess?" Touka asks the nurse.
"Well, yes. Although technically I am an ex-goddess now." Chisato shyly admits. "But he IS
telling the truth, as he possesses power FAR exceeding any god I know and has helped me
become stronger than ever as well."
The sisters then turn to Shizuka and whimper at their intense stares.
"W-Well, I am not as physically gifted as everyone. B-but I can heal all sorts of injuries no
matter how grave they are! I'm also very durable, so I can take all so-sorts of damage."
Shizuka states, her face beat red in embarrassment.
"Again, I am not going to apologize for what I've done, Ignia knew the consequences of his
choice and chose to stick with them until the very end; feeling sorry for him would just
tarnish his memory." The clone bluntly states. "However, know that if you refuse, then you
are dooming an incalculable number of people to the whims of a madman who wants to make
all women his sex slaves and whatever gross experiments he wants to indulge in."
Ennie now has a concerned look. "He can't be that depraved, right?"
"Oh, you have no idea the lengths that mongrel is willing to go just to have some ass." The
clone said cheekily before his tone turned darker. "He'll beat you, experiment on you, alter
you, brainwash you, and then finally fuck you. He will make you into a slave, an obedient
little puppet for him to play with whenever he wants. He will defile you, turn you inside and
out, and you won't be able to do a thing about it. Is that really the life you two want?"
The Signario sisters process this, before Luso turns to her twin.
"I think we should join him, nee-san." She says to Ennie's shock, but Luso raises her hand
and continues before she can interrupt. "With Fire & Flame gone and Ignia-sama dead, we're
on our own with no support or protection, and we both would rather die than be the sex
slaves of some mad power-hungry pervert. This could be our chance for a new and better life,
and even if the universe is saved without us helping this guy, we'll likely spend the rest of our
lives on the run as dark mages. I won't do this without you, Ennie, but this could be our one
and only chance."
Ennie looks down, her hair obscuring her eyes as she grits her teeth in anger. Immediately,
her body explodes with magical power with blue flames dancing freely as black markings
manifest on her face.

Everyone takes a step back from the intense heat as Ennie's flames melt the walls and floor
around her with only Luso being the only one unaffected by the outburst.
Finally, the flames subside and Ennie takes a deep breath.
"Fine, Luso. But that doesn't mean I like it." Ennie gives the clone a sharp and intimidating
glare.
The clone, however, is unaffected and gives her a friendly smile. "Awesome. Welcome
aboard!"
Ennie just scoffs.
"Um," they all turn to Faris. "I don't mean to interrupt, but where are we? I get the feeling
that we didn't run into you three out of coincidence."
"Very perceptive. And you'd be right." The clone pulls out my [Sonic Screwdriver] and
points it at the door.
He activates it and the door quickly opens with everyone rushing inside only to find absolute
darkness.
"It's so dark." Touka complained.
"Hold on." He points the screwdriver upwards and all of the main lights turn on. He then
points back to the door and it closes which is followed by a clicking noise.
"That should keep them out for a while." He said.
The girls look around, marveling at the hyper-advanced technology around them.
"This place is so COOL!" Luso squeals.
"... I guess." Even Ennie admits, albeit reluctantly.
The clone taps on Chisato's shoulder. "It's down there."
The group walks deeper into the lab. As they did, they heard some weird noises.
*munch* *munch* *munch*
"Hey. Do you guys hear that?" Touka asks.
"Hear what?" Luso asks.
*MUNCH* *MUNCH* *MUNCH*
"THAT! Do you hear that?"
"Oh yeah!"

"I hear it, too." Ennie said.
"It sounds like someone's eating something." Shizuka points out.
"But who would be here? Is it Lamy-senpai?" Chisato asks.
"No, someone else is here. Stay on your guard." The clone warned them.
The group thread carefully as they follow the noise, slowly getting louder the closer they get.
Eventually they spot a shadow behind one of the tables.
"Okay. On my mark…" He whispered. "NOW!"
The group leaps to the other side ready to fight only to freeze at what they found.
It was Lady Avalon on the floor surrounded by empty boxes… eating fish and chips?
"!?" Lady Avalon looks surprised.
"Lady Avalon? What are you doing here?" Chisato asks the white mage.
"Yeah…" The clone's tone is eerily devoid of any emotion. "What are you doing here?"
"Is no one gonna point out that she was eating in the dark?" Ennie chimes.
Lady Avalon starts sweating profusely as she quickly swallows the food in her mouth.
"H-Hi, Master! What brings you to the mess hall?" Lady Avalon nervously asks.
"This is the lab. The Mess Hall is like two floors down." The clone dryly points out.
"Anyways, what the hell are you doing here? Matter of fact, how DID you get here?"
Lady Avalon gives the clone a sheepish look.
Flashback
Lady Avalon sneaks away silently and teleports to Earthland to buy something to eat.
"Well, after everything was settled in Elentear, I decided to slip away for a quick
snack." Lady Avalon said. "I found this shop where they sold Fish and Chips and I just HAD
to try them."
Lady Avalon gets twelve servings of Fish and Chips and then teleports back to the [Aincrad].
"I wanted to find somewhere to eat in peace but I knew my room was a no-go. So I went to the
one place no one will likely look for me in."
Lady Avalon goes into the lab and locks the door. She sits down and joyfully gobbles down
her meal.

As she finishes her fourth box, the power goes out, but it doesn't deter her and she opens her
fifth box.
Flashback ends
"Do… Do you even know what's going on out there? Do you realize how dire the situation
is?" A flabbergasted Shizuka asks the mage.
"Of course I do. I can see everything that is happening at this moment." Lady Avalon states.
"So then…" Ennie clenches fists in rising fury. "You saw everything that's been happening.
Everything that we had to go through just to get here… AND YOU DID NOTHING?!"
Lady Avalon finishes the last box. "Pretty much."
Ennie's body ignites with blue flames and a crimson tattoo appears on her chest.
"Wait, nee-!" But Luso is quickly swept away by her sister's speed.
"DIE!" Ennie cocks her flaming fist back and goes straight for the kill.
Only for Lady Avalon to nonchalantly raise her wand and let it collide with Ennie's fist,
stopping the fire mage in her tracks.
"What!?" Ennie exclaims in shock.
"She stopped nee-san's attack so easily!?" Even Luso was just as shocked.
"Wow…" Faris and Touka are in awe.
Avalon looks at her dead in the eyes like she isn't even a threat.
"Do not underestimate the power and talent of the great Lady Avalon!" She swats Ennie
away.
Her smug moment, however, is cut off by the dark aura coming from the clone, whose face is
expressionless. Chisato and Shizuka weren't much better, if the harsh glares they gave Lady
Avalon were any indication.
"Lady Avalon, need I remind you that the boss originally summoned you and the
other [Isekaijin] to help us defeat Rustyrose and save the multiverse? And yet here you are,
hiding and being lazy at a time when you are needed most?" The clone coldly reminds her.
"Indeed. And isn't it important for a spouse to support their partner when they are most
vulnerable or need help the most?" Chisato adds, the glint in her glaring eyes cold enough to
freeze hell.
"This is very unbecoming of you." Shizuka said with the tone of a teacher.

"Now, now. There's no need for animosity." Lady Avalon stands up. "Besides, my purpose
here is two-fold: to avoid the Majin's senses." She gestures to the structure behind her. "...
and to keep the package secure."
Behind her is a coffin identical to the one Athena was in, with the only difference being this
one is white.
"You kept watch over it?" The clone asked.
"Yup! I knew you'd come here for it. So I raised a Bounded Field around the lab that would
hide it from the parasite." Avalon eats the last chip. "Besides, it's not like there was much to
do in a dark room aside from eating Fish and Chips."
The clone lets go of his nurses and slowly makes his way towards the coffin.
"Good. It doesn't seem to have suffered any damage." He presses a button and activates the
terminal on its side. "I should be able to wake her up."
The group picks up on what he just said.
"Wait, her? You mean there's a person in there?" Luso asks.
"Sort of. The boss rescued the remains from the ruins of the Gold Owl." The clone replies.
"Using Athena's designs, the boss and Lamy were able to rebuild her into a more powerful
body. But unlike her previous self though, she has a soul and is able to feel things like any
human being."
"So then… it's alive. Like actually alive." Faris surmised.
"Yes."
"Then why didn't you wake her up before? Why did you just leave her locked up in that
coffin?" Luso asks.
"Because she wasn't ready." He said. "Her mental state wasn't fully matured enough to handle
the complexity of the real world. And without a parental figure to guide her, she would have
likely gone berserk and destroyed the base." He then sighs. "They couldn't risk waking her up
without jeopardizing everyone's safety, she is practically a newborn baby. So, the boss opted
to put her in a simulated world that's fully automated where she can learn and develop
without interference."
"So you've been having the computer perform EQ and IQ tests on her this whole time?"
Shizuka said.
"Essentially, yes." The clone said before banging his fist on the computer. "C'mon!" But then
sees something on the screen that stops the clone in his tracks. "Oh no."
"What is it?" Touka asks.

"There's not enough power to activate her. And the backup power cells aren't functioning!"
He kneels and pulls out a metal panel under the computer. "I'll need to divert power manually
from an external power source and start a forced activation."
"Any idea what he's talking about, nee-san?" Luso whispers to her sister.
"Nope." Ennie whispers back.
*BANG!* *BANG!* *BANG!*
Everyone turns to the front as something loudly hits the doors before they fly off and Majin
zombies flood the lab.
"Shit! Talk about terrible timing." The clone kneels and opens the panel on the coffin where
he begins to disentangle a group of wires. "Keep them busy while I get to work on rerouting
the power."
"You heard him, ladies! Let's take care of these annoying creatures! Faris and Touka, if you
cannot fight effectively, then stand behind Shizuka and myself! The rest of us will face these
pink creatures!" Chisato declares, taking charge while her husband was occupied, before
glancing at Lady Avalon. "That includes YOU as well, Lady Avalon!"
"Aw, do I have to?" Lady Avalon whines, before quickly becoming silent at the death glares
she was getting from everyone, including the side glares from her master/husband. "Okay,
okay!"
"Let's show these people what we mistresses of fire are capable of, sis!" Luso says, charging
her black flames of [Fire God Slayer Magic] before unleashing them at the Majin.
"Way ahead of you!" Ennie says before launching a barrage of blue fire bullets at the
incoming horde.
"Shizuka-san, charge up your Ki and unleash a volley of blasts alongside me!" Chisato says
while channeling her divine magic alongside her Ki before unleashing a barrage of energy
beams. Shizuka did as asked and launched continuous Ki blasts at the horde.
Avalon spins her wand and summons golden energy swords. "Ha!" She sends at the zombies
like seeker missiles, impaling all of them simultaneously.
Touka watches in awe from her hiding place along with Faris. "They're so cool!"
"We've been preparing for this fight for some time, even if we were ultimately still caught off
guard by how much Rustyrose had under his control." The clone explains while rerouting the
power for the coffin. "These guys are no joke, being responsible for attacking Elentear and
kidnapping Selene."
Faris and Touka were horrified at the revelation that Selene was kidnapped, but before they
could say anything, they were cut off by the series of explosions caused by the other girls.
"Did we get all of them?" Shizuka asks in worry.

"Yeah, for the time being, we're good." Lady Avalon confirms.
"Alright," he turns to everyone. "I got some good news and bad news. The good news is I
was able to divert power to the coffin. The bad news is there's not enough to draw from."
"And I'm guessing you have an alternative." Ennie said.
"Yup." The clone nods. "I use my own energy to fuel the coffin and activate its emergency
release system."
Chisato looks worried. "But if you use up your remaining energy… the degradation-"
"Will run rampant and utterly destroy what remains of this body, I know." The clone finishes.
"However, I don't plan on leaving you all completely alone." He summons his [Isekai
Summoning Staff] and grabs it.
"Set summoning to multi-random. Total number of summons: 4."
Command accepted. Beginning randomized summoning sequence.
Four magic circles and people appear.
Name: Dlanor A. Knox
Title: Death Sentence Dlanor, Dlanor of the Ten Wedges, Inquisitor of Heresy, Isekaijin
Affiliation: Great Court of Heaven, Asmodeus
Level: 707
HP: 10,466,800
MP: 10,231,112
SP: 10,558,909
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: New master, wants to eat tea and omurice with you
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Kaguya Nanbu
Title: Princess of Kagura Amahara, Big-Breasted Swordmistress, Mythical Lily,
Isekaijin
Affiliation: House of Nanbu, Asmodeus
Level: 698

HP: 9,332,680
MP: 9,771,099
SP: 9,566,433
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Cute
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Kisuke Urahara
Title: Hat 'n Clogs, Captain of the 12th Division, Weird Candy Shop Owner, Founder of
the S.R.D.I., Isekaijin
Affiliation: Gotei 13 (Former), Shinigami Research and Development Institute
(Former), Urahara Shop, Asmodeus
Level: 888
HP: 15,442,566
MP: 18,019,432
SP: 16,099,421
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Interested in the lab and what kind of research you do
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
Name: Church
Title: Private Leonard L. Church, Blue "Leader", Alpha, The Stupid Mean One,
Isekaijin
Affiliation: Project Freelancer (Former), The Blues (Former), Reds and Blues,
Asmodeus
Level: 420
HP: 5,566,100
MP: 0
SP: 5,100,344
AP: 0

Thoughts about you: Wants to know whether to hug you for taking him away from
those idiots or kill you for kidnapping him
Current status: Servant (Permanent)
"Where the fuck am I!?" Church yells, his body transparent like a ghost.
"Language." Dlanor says in a monotone but cute voice. She tries kicking Church but her foot
just phases through him. "Tch!"
"Haha! You can't kick a ghost brat!" Church laughs.
"Well, this is quite the development. I was in my shop one minute and transported someplace
else the next." Kisuke fans himself. "Oh well, I'm sure everything's fine!"
Kaguya looks around the room with one finger just below her lip. "Wow, this place is all
science and stuff."
'Alright, not a bad batch. Though the fact that Church showed up did take me by
surprise.' The clone thought.
"Okay guys, I know you have a lot of questions, but sadly we don't have a lot of time so I'm
just gonna give you the rundown." The clone then explains everything that's happening to the
new group of [Isekaijin].
Needless to say, they were all surprised.
"Shit. So we're like in a zombie flick or something?" Church said.
"Pretty much." The clone confirms.
Dlanor and Kaguya have dark expressions of disgust and anger.
"I'm more interested in these Chaos Emeralds you were talking about." Kisuke said, using his
fan to hide his serious expression. 'If these emeralds are anything like the [Hōgyoku]… I may
have to seal them away to make sure they never fall into the wrong hands.'
"So what would you have us do, master?" Dlanor asks her new lord.
"Well, I'll have you all split into three groups. One group will go up to the control room, one
group will take back the engine room, and another will destroy the clamps that bind the
base." The clone states.
"Shouldn't we rescue everyone first? They will want to be a part of this." Shizuka points out.
"Good point." The clone acknowledges before looking at Church. "Church, since you're a
ghost, you're technically the most qualified for this. I need you to go outside the palace and
find my friends in the outside structure. You might be able to recognize them if they bear
either of these symbols." The clone says before illustrating both the guild symbol of Fairy
Tail and his [Mate Mark] with [Illusion Magic]. "If not, look for people with unique

appearances like horns, fan service or talking cats. They are most likely held captive together.
Also, If you cross paths with a woman with long silver hair named Mirajane Strauss, tell her
to try and bring as many people as possible to this room with Chaos Control. She'll know
what to do."
"Holy shit, man! What kind of anime fever dream-like shit did you get me into!? Bet either
Tucker or Simmons would love it here." Church said. "Fine, I'll look for your stupid weeb
friends, but they better not smell like ass!"
With that, Church runs off to who knows where.
"... he knows he's not a ghost, right?" Kisuke said. "I know ghosts and he isn't a ghost."
"He… has his reasons. But that's a story for another time." The Clone begins to sense that he
is fading soon. "I take it you already formulated countermeasures based on what I told you in
that little head of yours?"
"Pretty much." Kisuke said.
"Here." He throws his [Sonic Screwdriver] at Kisuke and catches it. "You'll need that to
access the computer systems here, among other things."
Kisuke looks at the screwdriver and turns it on, marveling at the small but highly advanced
piece of equipment. "Awesome."
"I'm counting on you, Hat 'n Clogs." The clone picks up two wires. "Oh, and a quick heads
up, Rusty has been traveling the multiverse for a while, so don't be surprised if you end up
fighting someone you know because chances are they're likely modified and under his
complete control."
"And you decided to tell us this now because?" Ennie asks.
"Hey, things slip your mind when you're slowly dying. So give me a break." The clone told
her before collapsing.
"Asmodeus-kun/Master!" His wives quickly rush to his side.
"My time is running out. I need to use whatever power I have left to activate the coffin." The
clone says.
"We'll do whatever it takes to stop Rusty and save everyone, Asmodeus-kun." Chisato says
before she, Avalon, and Shizuka kiss him on the lips.
"Make me proud, girls." The clone smiles and connects the two wires, causing his body to be
surrounded in light.
The clone's body quickly dissolves into nothing while his energy travels through the cables
and into the coffin itself.
"..." Everyone stares in silence for any changes.

"I don't get it. Was something supposed to happen?" Kaguya asks.
Suddenly, the coffin begins to glow and the lid suddenly flies off its hinges.
The others quickly move away just as the lid crashes onto a couple of empty vats behind
them.
The group turns as a figure jumps off the coffin. She is a beautiful young woman with a
toned, muscular body with G-cup breasts. She has dark skin, long silver-white hair and
aquamarine blue eyes. She wears a black battle leotard, an armored gauntlet on her left arm,
and black high heeled boots. She wears a black visor around her head with a red gem in the
center giving it the appearance of a third, much more menacing red eye. (AN: It's T-elos
from Xenosaga 3)
"Hey, it's T-elos-chan!" Kaguya chirped.
The woman looks around the lab. "Where… am I?" She then eyes the group and glares at
them with clear hostility. "Who are you?"
Kisuke quickly tries to diffuse the situation and steps in. "It's alright, it's alright. There's no
need for hostility. There's nobody here except friends."
The newly-awakened Bio-Android tilts her head. "Friends? Is that supposed to mean
something?"
"It means that you can trust us and that we have your best interests at heart, along with
valuing and caring about you." Chisato adds.
"..." The android says nothing before her attention turns to the Signario sisters. "You two…
are familiar. I just woke up but I remember you two. How… strange."
"!?" The twins are surprised by her words.
"Um," She sharply turns to Faris who flinches at the sight.
"D-Do you have a name!?" Faris quickly asks.
This actually makes the artificial woman freeze as if pondering the idea. "... a name."
Just then, a group of zombies flood the lab and rush towards the group.
The android kicks one of the empty vats off its hinges and throws them at the zombies
knocking them back.
The visor on her head lowers and glows red. From her perspective, the HUD shows her the
number of enemies in front of her as well as their composition and power level.
Immediately, the android rushes at the monsters and systematically tears them to pieces with
precise blows that would kill an ordinary opponent.

The group's jaws hang wide open at the massacre playing right before their eyes.
"Shit…" An awestruck Ennie began. "That was…"
"Awesome?" Luso asks.
"Brutal?" Kagura asks.
"Unnecessary?" Shizuka asks.
"Yes." Ennie said.
The android straightens herself and disengages her battle mode. "I think I remember my
name now…"
Faris' eyes widened. "You… you do?"
The android turns to the group. "It's Métis."
Back with Fairy Tail
"And that brings us to now. Any questions?" Church asks everyone.
"Yeah. How did you know things you weren't there for?" Carla asks.
"I… don't know…" Church admits before shaking his head. "Anyways, I'm here to break you
guys out. Isn't that good enough?"
"I mean, your tone gives me the impression that you're a major asshole." Gray said
Church just looks at Gray through his soulless visor. "Wow. Just for that, I'm not gonna free
you. Have fun, losers." He then walks away.
"What the hell, you bastard!? You just ruined our one shot out of here!" Natsu yelled at Gray.
"Oh c'mon! That guy's an asshole! You all can see it!" Gray defended.
"Even so, we cannot turn on a helping hand. That would make us look bad." Erza said.
"Gray-sama is so cold." A monotone Juvia comment.
Everyone glares at Gray who at least has the dignity to look guilty.
"Wait! Please don't go!" Church turns to the sound of the cute voice and sees a little girl.
"What did you say?" Church asks the little bluenette.
"U-Um," A nervous Wendy stammers from the intense stare she's getting. "P-P-Please don't
go…?"

"And why shouldn't I? Your friend made it clear you don't appreciate my efforts to free you
all." Church replies with clear hostility in his voice.
"Please sir, we need to get out of here. If we don't escape soon, that monster Rustyrose will
turn all us girls into his obedient sex slaves, and he'll ultimately force his vision of a perfect
world and his sick desires on our whole universe before moving on to others. Please, we need
your help." Wendy begs.
Church stares at Wendy's sad puppy eyes, before finally responding. "Okay, sure."
"Wait, just like that?!" Gray shouts, only to wince when everyone was glaring at him again,
nonverbally warning him to keep his mouth shut. Even Ur and Juvia were no exception.
"Look I'm not completely heartless, and that Rustyrose guy sounds like a real sick bastard
who needs an ass-kicking. Also, who names their kid Rustyrose? It's like his parents knew he
was gonna grow up to be an obnoxious asshole." Church remarks. "Plus, even I can't say no
to such an adorable child (curse you anime for making cuteness a lethal weapon)."
Everyone watches Church's hand phases through a panel.
"Okay, that should do it." With a click, everyone's energy cuffs power down and everyone
jumps off the walls.
"Alright! Let's go take down that Rustscum!" Natsu shouts as he was about to run off but was
stopped by Church as he appeared right in front of him.
"Whoa there, pinky! Are you asking for a death wish or something?" Church questions as he
placed his hands on his hips as he gave the Dragon Slayer a questionable look. Not that
anyone can see through his helmet.
"It's salmon, dammit! And why not?!" Natsu questions in growing annoyance.
"Yeesh, not much smarts he has in there, does he? Bet Sarge would love to recruit him." The
self proclaimed ghost commented.
"So what is our next course of action? I am sure the clone briefed you on a plan." Larcade
asks.
"Yeah no. He just told me to look for you guys, and to find someone named Mirajane
Strauss." Church said.
Mira steps forward with her adorable smile. "I'm Mirajane Strauss. Nice to meet you."
Church stares at Mira's gravity-defying giant boobs jiggle without her doing anything.
"God, he was not kidding about the fanservice. I may as well be in a porno." He murmurs
under his breath.
"?" Mira cutely tilts her head.

"Stop it." Church said.
"Stop what?" Mira cutely asks.
"Stop being cute and sexy. How is someone cute and sexy at the same time!? That is not
physically possible!" Church yells.
"Hey, stop yelling at nee-san!" Lisanna said, her face angered but it just makes her cuter and
tits bounce.
"... is this like a rule for you guys where all the women have to be cute and sexy? Because if
it is… you may have a problem." Church states.
"Hey! There's nothing wrong with our bodies, thank you! You just don't have good taste in
women!" Cana grabs her tits and makes them bounce.
"A.) I'm a ghost. So that doesn't appeal to me. And B.) I'll let you know I'm already in a
relationship!"
Much to the shock of few of the idea of this asshole having a girlfriend.
"Someone wants to be in a relationship with you? I find that hard to believe." Seilah bluntly
said.
"Yeah sorry, but I'm having a hard time seeing a ghost tinman with a living woman." Gajeel
chimes.
"If she was here, she'd kick all of your asses." Church proudly states.
"Oh really? Where is she then?" Cana mockingly asks.
Church looks down as his demeanor suddenly changes.
"She's… not around anymore…" Church reveals in a low voice.
Cana hisses at the emotional landmine she just stepped on. "I… I'm sorry."
"Hey, it's not like she's dead or anything. She's just… unreachable right now." Church then
takes a deep breath. "Look, can we get back to the bad guy asskicking? All this emotional
shit just makes me wanna fuck the bad guys up!"
"Y-Yeah." Cana quickly recovers. "So, why did you want Mira for?"
"Right. Well, that Asmodeus guy asked me to tell Mirajane Strauss to bring everyone back to
the base with something called 'Chaos Control' and that she would know what to do." Church
says.
"He wants us to return to the [Aincrad]? But shouldn't we explore this place to find that
bastard Rustyrose and stop him?" Natsu asked.

"No. There's no telling what kinds of forces or hidden traps Rustyrose has here. Asmodeus
likely wanted us all in the [Aincrad] where it's safer and more familiar to us and to regroup,
along with what I'm guessing is protecting the Chaos Emeralds that are still inside. It's easier
to defend familiar territory over invading unknown territory." Diana deduces.
"The American sex symbol is right, pinky." Church said.
"It's salmon dammit!"
"And I am NOT a sex symbol!" Diana yelled.
"Enough, guys. It's a good plan and I can take all of us back to the [Aincrad]. Though
shouldn't some of us try to find Asmodeus-kun?" Mirajane asks before looking at Church.
"Church-san, if you were able to get here without issue and what I'm guessing was
completely undetected, can you search this place to find Asmodeus-kun? We can't stop
Rustyrose and whatever traps or forces he has without him."
"Oh yeah I can do that. Shouldn't be too hard. I mean, do you know how fucking MASSIVE
a Halo Ring is? Yeah, I'll find him lickidy-split." Church said with clear sarcasm.
"Ugh. Must you be such a brute?" Carla cringed.
"It's all part of my charm, kitty-kat." Church said.
"Moving along, once we get back to base, we should discuss a plan for a counterattack. We
shouldn't stay here for too long or else the risk of that bastard Rustyrose discovering our
freedom will grow too high. And as much as I want to immediately search for Asmodeus, he
wanted us to escape and we best not waste his efforts." Chun-Li states.
Irene nods. "That would be the best course of action."
"Alright. Everyone grab onto me." Mira said.
"You guys go on ahead. I'll use Instant Transmission and follow your energy." Xeno Goku
said.
"Wait, you have Instant Transmission too? Awesome." Cana said.
Several of the fairies grabbed onto Mira, others grabbed onto Cana, and everyone else
grabbed Xeno Goku.
"Hey! You're not leaving me behind!" Church grabs onto Wendy's shoulder (AN: How he's
able to grab her as a ghost is a mystery).
"Here goes! Chaos Control!" Mirajane says while focusing on the mental image of
the [Aincrad].
Instantly, Mira's group vanishes, while Cana's group and Xeno Goku's group quickly follow
via Instant Transmission.

In a flash, Mira and the others appear in [Satan's Soul] with Cana and Xeno Goku's group
appearing soon after.
"Hey. We're in my lab!" Lamy points out.
Mira looks around and is quite impressed by how clean the lab looks, unlike its original
iteration.
"It's a lot cleaner than I thought… more lighting too." Mira then looks down. "But, this isn't
the place I had in mind. I wanted to go straight to the control room, not here."
Everyone then notices a massive array of equations spread around the floors, vats and tables.
Lamy then reads one of the equations. "Wow, whoever made this is a genius. They seem to
have solved the problem of dimensional transference I was having."
"Why thank you. It's so good to have someone appreciate one's work without getting jealous
about it." Everyone jumps at the voice and sees a man with messy blonde hair wearing a dark
green samue over a black haori with a white diamond pattern along with a pair of wooden
sandals and a striped dark green and white bucket hat which shadows his eyes.
"Who are you?" Xeno Vegeta demands.
"Why, your new super genius best friend, of course!" He says, fanning himself as he smiles.
"The name's Kisuke Urahara, the handsome owner of Karakura Town's own Urahara Shop.
It's nice to meet you all!"
Lamy gestures to the equation on the ground. "You made this?"
"Yup! Quite the brain teaser, too! Took 2 minutes to figure it out." Kisuke said.
Lamy blinks at his words. "2 MINUTES!? I'VE BEEN TRYING TO SOLVE IT FOR 3
WEEKS!"
"Oh. Well, I guess I was just better at it. Haha." Kisuke laughs, causing Lamy to grow
annoyed.
Just then, a familiar trio walk towards the commotion.
"Chisato-san! Shizuka-san! Lady Avalon! You're okay!" Konomi rushes to them and traps the
trio in a hug.
"Oof! Konomi-san… can't breathe…" Shizuka gets out.
Konomi quickly lets them go. "Oops. Sorry."
"Anyways, why don't we take this to my office?" Kisuke gestures further into the lab. "I have
a plan for how we can take back the castle."

The group walk a little further in and find that his "office" is just the terminal and the empty
coffin where Métis was housed.
Said android is standing next to the terminal, its visor down with multiple cables hooked up
to the headpiece on her head.
Lamy's eyes widen at the sight of the android. "You woke her up!?"
Athena stares at Métis with clear curiosity.
"What are THEY doing here!?" Jellal angrily points to Faris and Touka.
Fairy Tail glares with visible anger at the two for hypnotizing them and forcing them to
nearly kill their fellow guildmates, their own family.
Faris flinches at the palpable rage radiating from their gazes, scared that they may attack her.
"L-Look, I'm truly sorry for controlling you guys and forcing you to fight one another, but the
truth is I had no choice!" Faris nervously admits, drawing disbelief and skepticism from the
angry members of Fairy Tail. "I was forced to come to Earthland by the Moon Dragon God to
erase its magic power. The plan was to first whiting out Aldoron while he was building
strength. That way, we could manipulate Aldoron into fighting the other Dragon Gods." She
looks down, crestfallen. "But that didn't work, as you know, and it awakened Aldoron
instead."
"You seem… different from before." Lucy points out, her overall demeanor and personality
was different from when she was leading Rebellious.
"It's because when I took over Rebellious, I took in massive amounts of the White Creed
from the believers and spun out of control, giving birth to a pseudo-personality known as
the [White Wizard]." Faris states.
"So it's a case of Dissociative Identity Disorder." Shizuka surmises.
"Seems that way." Chisato said.
"In the end, I failed my mission… and now Elentear is likely destroyed." Faris says with a
quiet sob.
The fairies and Etherious look at each other clearly confused.
"Wait, what are you talking about? Elentear isn't destroyed." Brandish reveals.
Faris and Touka look at the Nation Destroyer with clear shock on their faces.
"W-What did you say?" Touka stammers.
"Yeah, we saved Elentear from Rusty's mind-controlled goons and saved everyone there." 21
said.

Tears began to build up in Faris and Touka's eyes before they embraced Brandish in a hug.
"Thank you so much for saving our home!" The duo cried.
"It was no problem, though the real credit goes to Asmodeus-sama for sending us there in the
first place and facing Wanda here when she was brainwashed!" Brandish spoke with pride
being evident upon mentioning her husband.
However, Touka notices Brandish is putting more strength into the hug. "Um, Brandish-san?"
"Ah! You're so fluffy! I just wanna hug ya forevah~" Brandish squealed.
Cell just laughs. "Ha! I doubt that Selene could have destroyed Elentear even if she wanted
to, considering how easily I was able to destroy it while kidnapping her!" Earning gasps of
horror from the duo.
"Dude… what the fuck-" Gajeel began.
"-is wrong with you!?" Church finished.
"What? I'm an evil, god slaying, perfectly handsome, and single biological android. It's what I
do." Cell defends.
"Oh we know. You made that quite clear during our two years of training." Wakaba said.
"It's just that you don't have to sound so damn proud about it!" Laxus yelled.
"Wait, wait, wait. You trained with this thing!? Seriously!?" Church then chuckles. "He
probably used you guys as punching bags."
"Yeah, he did." Jet said.
"For TWO years." Droy adds as he begins having a Vietnam flashback as Cell's laughter
echoes in his mind.
"Well, it still shows that I am stronger than all of you put together." Cell smugly smirks.
"But you still lost to Asmodeus, right? You Kamen Rider reject." Church said.
Cell eye twitched. "What did you say, you little-"
"That is enough, Cell. Stop antagonizing these two and the members of Fairy Tail, or else
I will let Asmodeus-sama know about this." Irene warns sternly, causing Cell to grumble
while the other [Transcendent] girls and the [Isekaijin] also harshly glare at him for his
cruel remarks.
"Whipped." Church said, making Cell's eye twitch harder.
"Make no mistake, ghost. I will destroy you." Cell swears.

"Meh. I've died a lot back in Blood Gulch. This shit doesn't phase me one bit." Church
shrugs.
Brandish then hugs the two more gently, surprising them. "Don't listen to the mean bug-man.
Asmodeus-sama made sure to restore Elentear and revive everyone after Cell's attack."
"R-Really?" Faris asks in a hopeful tone, to which Brandish nods much to their relief.
"Bug man?! Insolent girl, you-!" Cell starts, before being cut off by Xeno Goku and Vegeta.
"That's enough, Cell. Considering what you did, that's the least of what you deserve." Xeno
Goku harshly states in a serious manner.
"Besides, whether you want to admit it or not, you DO resemble a bug." Xeno Vegeta smugly
adds.
"And you have a receding hairline. How no one notices that I'll never know." Cell retorts.
Xeno Vegeta grits his teeth in anger.
Xeno Goku looks at his fellow Saiyan, more specifically his head. "Huh. I never did notice
you were going bald, Vegeta."
"I AM NOT GOING BALD KAKAROT! MY HAIR HAS ALWAYS LOOKED LIKE THIS
SINCE I WAS BORN!" Xeno Vegeta yells.
"So you've been balding since you were a baby? I feel sorry for you." Church snickers.
"I hate you all." Xeno Vegeta grumbles.
"Okay, okay, that's enough banter from all of you, yeah? We don't wanna kill each other."
Kisuke said, trying to defuse the tension.
"Hmph." Vegeta huffs and crosses his arms together.
"Whatever." Cell grumbles.
Natsu notices the Signario twins in the corner and waves at them.
Luso waves back while Ennie sharply turns her head to the side.
"What are they doing here?" Athena asks.
"Asmodeus-kun offered them sanctuary and a fresh start by joining him, so they are helping
us in our fight against Rustyrose." Shizuka explains.
"I see. Well, for what it's worth, it's good to be working with you two again." Athena
remarks.
"No kidding, I was worried I would have to fight you guys like with Ignia." Natsu states,
causing the Signario sisters to flinch as they remembered how Asmodeus told them that he

and Natsu killed Ignia.
"We're getting off-track. Let's get back to the task at hand." Diana says before looking at
Kisuke. "I believe you said you had a plan to help us beat Rustyrose?"
"More or less." Kisuke admits. "My plan is to cripple dear ol' Rusty's plan." He shows a
snapshot of two metal doors. "Thanks to Métis-chan, I narrowed down Rustyrose's location,
however, his chamber is protected by a protective barrier." Multiple snapshots are shown of
the towing cables as well as other specific locations. "In order to destroy the barrier, we need
to destroy the runes in these specific locations, take down their guardians and release his
control over them."
"So just do what we usually do, right?" Natsu smirks as he slams his fists together. "That
doesn't sound so hard."
"What do we do about the cables then?" Levy points out, knowing that they couldn't leave
with those things binding them in place.
"Athena and I will take care of that." Everyone turns to Métis. "Our bodies are capable of
surviving in the vacuum of space. We will disarm the tow cables and free the castle."
"Disarm? Are you saying that the cables are boobytrapped?" Konomi asks.
"Correct." Métis confirms. "The cables have been outfitted with thermonuclear explosives. If
we tamper with them in any way, they will detonate and destroy everything within a 100,000mile radius."
"Damn, talk about overkill." Wanda said.
"Thermonuclear?" Wendy asks.
"It's the process of fusing light atomic nuclei at very high temperatures to release energy. It's
a common occurrence in stars. It's also what powers hydrogen bombs." Kisuke explains. "It is
an uncontrolled self-sustaining chain reaction in which isotopes of hydrogen combine under
extremely high temperatures to form helium in a process known as nuclear fusion. And he
has hundreds of these bastards inside on those tow cables. We would be atomized in an
instant before we can muster any form of defense."
"So he's willing to risk his own life just to keep us on a literal leash? Man, I knew the bastard
was crazy but this just tops it." Max said.
"How did you come upon this information?" Makarov asks the important question.
"Méti-tan is such a helpful assistant." Kisuke pats the android's head. "She hacked into the
ring's main computer systems. Rusty-boy may be a pretty good magician, but his computer
skills are clear garbage."
"Yeah, speaking of. Why is his base a Halo Array? I mean, not that it's bad or anything (it's
actually the coolest idea ever), it's just… weird." Church said.

Everyone turns to the phantom Spartan clearly confused. "Halo Array?"
"Wait, you guys don't know what a fucking Halo Array is?! What are you, stupid!?" Church
exclaims in shock.
"Hey! Just because we don't know what a Harlem Shake is doesn't mean we're stupid!" Natsu
defended.
"That's not even close to what he said!" Lucy points out.
"And you know what? I'm not even gonna tell you what it is." Church said.
"Why!?"
"I just don't feel like it." Church shrugs.
"Anyways," Kisuke brings everyone back on track. "It seems that originally his plan was to
use a single Chaos Emerald to trigger a 'universal reset' by accelerating the flow of time until
the current universe is destroyed and a new one takes its place, with the design of this
installation meant to act as both a catalyst and an amplifier for the reaction." He explains.
"But now it seems his plans have changed. He now wants to use all seven emeralds to launch
something he has dubbed the 'Genesis Wave' using this installation as a conduit that will
reshape reality of both this universe and the rest of the multiverse to fit his desired image."
"Are you saying that this madman is already planning on reshaping the multiverse as we
speak?!" Diana asks in shock. Her husband might have repeatedly stated that Rusty planned
on expanding his reach across the multiverse, but they all operated under the belief that he
would start with Fairy Tail's Universe BEFORE expanding further. Now it appeared that it
was coming much sooner than any of them anticipated.
"I'm afraid so. I can see why Asmodeus deemed it necessary to summon people from other
universes like myself, and not just because of Rusty's brainwashed followers." Kisuke sighs.
"The fate of ALL universes and everything we have ever known is now at stake. If we fail,
EVERYTHING we know and love will be altered to suit Rustyrose's liking, with all of us
either being dead, erased from existence, or forced into eternal servitude."
Everyone processes the serious implications, but the silence was broken by Wanda.
"Like hell we are gonna let this bastard get his way!" Wanda yelled.
"YEAH!"
"We also need to find Asmodeus-sama! If anyone knows more about the Chaos Emeralds
and [Chaos Energy] it's him!" Brandish exclaims, drawing nods of agreement from virtually
everyone, including reluctant ones from even Cell and Tempester.
"I hate to burst your hopeful bubble, but your dear master may also have fallen to their
control." Kisuke suddenly chimes in with realism.

Seilah uncharacteristically scoffs at the notion. "There is no way my master would fall under
their primitive tricks."
"Yeah! You dumb or something!?" Ur yells at the humble shop owner.
Kisuke sweat drops as he feels the wave of KI coming from the majority of women. 'Damn.
This guy really has all of these girls wrapped around his thumb. I can't tell whether I should
be either impressed or scared.'
"Well, in the case that he DID end up going rogue, he gave me the means to neutralize him."
Kisuke pulls out the [Sonic Screwdriver]. "Inside this is the biodata of every single one of
you, including magic power, Semblances, aura levels, personalities, etc. He also left detailed
contingency plans on how to deal with everyone, himself included."
"Contingency plans. I bet Bruce would love to get his hands on those." Diana mutters to
herself, a bit hurt that her summoner/husband doesn't trust her.
While everyone was hurt by this breach of trust, a few actually understood his reasons for
putting them in place.
"Asmodeus-sama likely only did that as a precautionary measure of last resort against
Rustyrose's mind control since it could potentially force us to fight each other, as Faris did
with Fairy Tail. But just because he's thorough and is humble enough to acknowledge he isn't
infallible, that doesn't mean he doesn't trust us or that he is under their control!" Lamy says in
defense of their master.
"Yeah! Azzy has ALWAYS had faith in us, and we do in him as well! He likely just wanted to
be prepared since that bastard Rustyrose fights dirty! And I remember him saying he's
immune to all forms of mind control, which he proved when this girl tried to control him with
her magic but ultimately failed!" Natsu adds while pointing at Faris, his words clearing any
temporary doubts of Asmodeus' trust in them.
"You know, I'm glad you have so much faith in him, because guess who's HIS contingency
plan?" Kisuke grinned.
Kyôka's eyes widened as she put the pieces together. "... it's us, isn't it?"
Kisuke nods in confirmation.
"No way. You sayin' WE'RE Asmodeus' contingency plan?!" A shocked Romeo exclaims.
"Yup! He trusts you all so much that he made you his nuclear deterrent. Isn't that sweet!?"
Kisuke chirped.
The monster places the gray Chaos Emerald on top of the pillar and watches it glow along
with the other six.
The monsters all cry in glee before darkness begins to seep out of their pink bodies and
promptly turn into dust.

The emeralds absorb the dark energy, turning them black as they form a black energy ring
and start pumping negative energy to the base, spreading its corruption with nothing to stop
it.
Majin Buu cackles as it devours the [Negative Chaos Energy] changing its body from pink
to gray.
Alarms suddenly burst to life grabbing everyone's attention.
"What's going on!?" Ennie exclaims.
Lamy goes up to the terminal and runs a quick scan. "Engines are going into meltdown. We
only have 30 minutes to shut them down or they'll blow us all to oblivion."
"Well, no time like the present!" Kisuke points the screwdriver at Church and his projection
begins to sizzle until he is suddenly split into ten different bodies, each of varying colors.
"What the fuck!?" Church exclaims in shock and horror.
Kisuke picks up an injector from the desk and turns to the group.
"So, who's ready for their shot?" Kisuke asks with an "innocent" smile.
"Urgh… ngh…"
Towa watches on as her beloved resisted the "gift" she oh so painstakingly made for him.
Right now, his body has grown taller and more muscular. His canines have grown in length
and sharpened, his hair has grown extensively long and has turned white with a pair of
obsidian horns growing out of his head taking the form of a crown, along with his forearms
turning black that fade into red around his hands.
"Your act of defiance is a waste of time, darling. The more you resist, the longer and more
painful the metamorphosis will be. You should just give in and let the [Dark Factor] take
hold. Then we can be together as the dark gods of the Demon Realm~" Towa reassures me in
a soothing manner.
"N-Not… in your life…!" I struggle to say, my voice constantly changing pitches as I resist
its corruption.
"Hehe. I'm surprised you can be so defiant. Just give in to your dark urges and become your
true self." Towa takes a breathy tone as she leans close to my earl. "I know you want to~"
I growl at the temptation before it is cut off by the sound of a familiar voice coming from the
computer.
"Towa, the final stage of the plan is underway. Are you still dissecting that pathetic fool or
are you gonna come in preparation of the Genesis Wave?" Rustyrose states.

'Genesis… Wave? Oh fuck!' I thought in distress.
[So that's why he brought the Aincrad here. He wants to rewrite all of reality in one fell
swoop]
Towa only clicked her teeth in anger, annoyed at being disturbed and how her 'partner' had
the audacity to insult her beloved.
"I'll be there soon." Towa sighs in annoyance, before softening and approaching me. "I'm so
sorry, darling, but once this is all over, you and I will have all the time in universe~"
"Fuck… you." I growled.
"Already? You truly are insatiable, darling. And we'll definitely be doing it a lot in the
future~" Towa giggled before pulling me into a passionate kiss. "But for now, I must go."
With that, Towa teleports out of the lab, leaving me bound and annoyed.
"Damn her… gah!" I grunt as my body continues changing. "I gotta… get out of here…!"
[This Dark Factor stuff is no joke. It's currently corrupting your SOUL, mutating it as
we speak. It's somehow even bypassing Gamer's Body and actually affecting you for
real]
He wasn't joking. I can… feel myself changing. And unlike my other transformations, this
one is actually making me feel sick.
'I gotta think of something quick. If Rusty is planning what I think he's planning, I need to get
back to the [Aincrad] and use the Master Emerald.' I thought as I tried to come up with
something. 'I might be able to use [Psionic Manipulation] on the restraints. It's my only
hope.'
I activate [Psionic Manipulation] and quickly realize just how hard it is to muster any form
of focus in this state. It feels like my mind is gonna explode the more I focus on the
restraints. They begin to creak at first but there isn't enough force to break them.
'Come on, Asmodeus! You can do this! Fairy Tail is depending on you, your FAMILY is
depending on you! The entire MULTIVERSE IS DEPENDING ON YOU!' I internally rant as I
try overcoming the pain and muster my focus with [Psionic Manipulation] to remove my
restraints.
*POP!* *POP!* *POP!* *POP!*
The restraints all creak before popping off my limbs akin to a burst of built-up pressure.
I groan as I slowly get up from the metal bed but slip and fall on the hard metal floor.
"Come on, come on… I can control this… I am in control here! AAAHHHHH!" I force
my body to regress. The horns on my head retract, my body shrinks and the skin of my arms
returns to its normal color though my long hair remains white.

"Gah… I did it." I breathe in and out.
[You may have successfully forced the Dark Factor back with your Determination, but
it's only a matter of time before it comes back. Meanwhile, I'm still detoxifying your
body of the drugs Towa administered into our system. I suggest you find a safe place to
recover before doing something strenuous]
I grab the edge of the table and push myself up. "We don't have time, Tobi! You heard what
that bastard said, they're preparing to charge up a Genesis Wave!" I managed to regain my
balance. "We need to get back to [Aincrad] and shut the emeralds down."
[So that you can turn into a monster and kill everyone there!? No way! You need to save
your strength. That Dark Factor crap is affecting your powers and your mind. If you
fight then it may really be game over for us]
The [UMF Suit] quickly reforms around me but instead of the usual black gi it is a simple
pair of black pants held in place by a black belt, combat boots, and brown-and-red robe.
I turn to the one point of interest in the lab: the two pods. Towa has been unintentionally
flaunting them at me like trophies.
"Whoever's inside these, they must be pretty strong." I put my hands on both pods and tried
to sense the ki inside them, but it was inert; dormant.
Just then, I sense a familiar ki signature heading here. It's Towa.
"Shit! I gotta get out of here…!" I quickly make a beeline for the exit.
On my way to the exit, however, I ran into a destroyed section of the lab that either Towa or
Rusty tried to seal but couldn't. I could see the melted steel, large scorch marks, and some
kind of glowing waste on the floors. There are rows among rows of destroyed metal pods,
almost like they were being thrown at something… or someone.
'Holy hell! Just what the fuck were those two doing in there!?' I thought anxiously.
Just what have I walked into?
Sensing Towa's energy getting closer, I quickly rush through the exit and traverse the empty
alien halls.
I made sure to activate [Perfect Unknowable] to ensure I would remain invisible and
undetected, though it was a struggle treading through the corridors in my condition.
'Dammit, I'm in no condition to teleport, or even fight in general. And of course Rusty had to
overcompensate with an unnecessarily large-ass base. At least the size of
the [Aincrad] serves a legit purpose beyond an ego boost.' I thought in frustration as I kept
moving forward.
Meanwhile, Towa teleports into her lab and finds the lab table empty and the restraints
destroyed. However, rather than being angry, the Demon Goddess was intrigued.

"Huh. I didn't expect him to be up and about so soon. Did he actually manage to resist the
corruption?" Towa ponders for a moment. "Even if he did, I doubt he will last much longer,
holding back the transformation will eat away at his lifeforce, until he is nothing but a dried
husk." She sighs. "And he was such an ideal candidate, too. I doubt those other humans even
come close to Asmodeus' evolutionary potential."
She then walks towards her main terminal. "Still, letting those human fools hack our systems
was so unlike me. It's a good thing Rusty doesn't have a clue on how computers work. By
now, they should have all the information they need to start a counterattack."
She then takes a seat and watches her scenario play in motion. "Now, who will make the first
move? Rusty, or the fairies and their false demons. This is so exciting, I can't wait!"
Seed Vault
A futuristic chamber of metal and glass with glass-covered pathways leading to tubes and
capsules filled with varying liquids and had names next to each, along with giant tubes of
light and energy that powered the whole room.
Suddenly, a beaming flash appears on one of the platforms and Erza, Mirajane, Ultear, and
Brandish appear.
The group of four look around and can't help but be amazed by the sheer size of the area.
"What is this place? It's huge." Erza said.
"This is the seed vault. It's where the DNA samples are kept."
In front of the group, a hologram of a humanoid wearing cyan armor appears.
"It's probably the most boring part of the installation. Because I am sooooooo bored!" The
hologram groans.
"We're not here for fun, Iota. We're here to stop that bastard Rustyrose once and for all."
Mirajane reminded him.
"Hmph. You're so serious. C'mon, why not give me that cute smile of yours." Iota said.
"We need to find the rune but stay on guard. Rustyrose likely has individuals protecting this
place." Erza says.
Suddenly, Iota's projection changed color, from cyan to gold.
"H-Hey, this place is giving me the creeps. M-Maybe we should call Kisuke and s-send us
back." The gold AI stammers, clearly in fear.
"I doubt we could even if we want to. Knowing that evil scumbag, I wouldn't be surprised if
he somehow blocked our way out. He likely has several brainwashed women here to fight
anyone protecting it. If my mother is one of them, I'll personally stop her so that Asmodeus-

sama can free her later." Brandish says in an uncharacteristically dark and serious manner
that makes the other girls sympathetic.
"We'll save your mother, Brandish, along with our friends and loved ones. That son of a bitch
won't get away with this." Ultear reassures her.
The hologram's color changed back to cyan.
"Yeah! Don't let Eta get you down! You guys are the strongest there is!" Iota exclaims.
Four women smiled but just then they sensed foul energy heading towards them and
immediately Minerva, Kagura, and Grammi appeared. Their bodies are completely enveloped
in an aura of [Negative Chaos Energy] and their glowing a menacing red.
"Mother…" Brandish murmurs, her expression a mix of both joy and sadness.
"..." Grammi said.
"I'll free you both from this. I promise." Erza told them.
Minerva and Kagura merely stare.
"Man, those ladies are all kinds of wrong. I can feel it in my coding matrix." Iota says before
switching with Eta. "I wanna go home! I wanna go home right now!"
"Let's make this quick and thorough, girls. I know personally the horror of being
experimented on and controlled by that bastard, and it's something I wouldn't wish even on
my worst enemies. And we need to stop that bastard for good." Ultear says to her friends.
"Agreed. The sooner we subdue them, the sooner we can save them and stop Rusty and
Towa." Mirajane says as she turns into her [Satan Soul: Mard Geer Tartaros] form.
"Don't worry, mother! I will save you, and Asmodeus-sama will free you! Then we can be
together again!" Brandish declares while charging her various forms of power.
Blood Gulch
Laxus, Makarov, Natsu, Happy, Carla, and Wendy can be seen walking through a box
canyon.
"To think such a large structure was capable of housing this." Makarov kneels and pips up a
fistful of dirt with bits of grass. "It smells real, it feels real, yet it doesn't feel fully natural."
"Yeah, there's something in the air that I just can't make out." Laxus said.
"My nose is telling me that we're on Earthland, but I know we're not." Natsu comments as he
scratches his nose.
"I wonder if there are any fishies here." Happy said.

Carla sighs. "Is filling your stomach all you think about?"
"No. I also think about you." Happy bluntly said, surprising Carla.
"Idiot…" Carla murmurs as she tries to hide the blush on her face.
"That's not surprising. The interior band of the ring is designed to be habitable, and support a
wide range of environments, habitats, ecosystems, and climates." A small cobalt hologram of
Church appears next to them.
"Why?" Wendy asks.
"I don't know. But then again, I didn't go to orientation and I didn't care either." Church looks
on at the landscape. "But you know, being back here in the Blood Gulch, reminds me of the
shittiest time of my life." He sighs. "Everything was so simple."
"Sure does, Church."
"Not now Caboose- WAIT, CABOOSE!?" Church exclaims before double taking at seeing
the one person he never thought he'd see again.
"Hello!" Caboose cheerfully said as he waved his hand.
"How the-! Caboose! How are you-? You can't-! You're not even a ghost!"
"Yeah… I'm Caboose and not Caboose. I'm Epsilon and Epsilon is kinda like the memories of
your Freelancer A.I. buddies and he pretty much remembers everyone like and all the
others!" Caboose or rather Epsilon explains getting the Alpha A.I. to stare at him in utter
disbelief.
"Aww man! I can't believe-, wait. What others?"
And the Reds and Blues all appear along with Tex, Carolina and Wash, even Sister is there.
"Well, well, well. You look lost there, blue." Sarge remarks as he cocks his shotgun.
"Sarge. That has to be the creepiest thing you've ever had." Grif told his fellow red.
"What? I'm just pointing out how lonely and pathetic he is because he has imaginary friends."
Sarge defended.
Simmons looks at the wizards and turns back to Sarge. "You do know you can see them,
right? They aren't imaginary."
"Of course they're imaginary! No one in their right mind would wear that ugly scarf outside!
Or have pink hair." Sarge exclaims.
A tick mark appears on Natsu's forehead. "What did you say about my scarf, you little shit!?
And my hair's not pink, it's salmon!"

"Yeah! Just like my armor isn't pink, light-ish red!" Donut chimed.
"Dude! Your armor is PINK! Accept it already!" Grif yelled.
"Yeah, it's pink man!" Natsu adds.
Wash sighs. "And there go the idiots again. Talking shit like usual."
"Okay, that's enough guys. Donut can wear whatever she wants." Tucker chimes in.
"Thanks, Tuck–Wait…"
"Pink is a good color on you." Tucker said.
"Tucker, I am a man." Donut said.
"Oh really? Are you sure about that?" Tucker teased.
"We've known each other for years, Tucker." Donut groaned.
"And I think it's about time to take our relationship to the next level, Bow Chika Bow Wow."
Tucker compliments before he is punched in the face by Donut.
"Moron." Doc murmurs before turning to Lopez. "So Lopez, how are you feeling today?"
"¡Dios mío, soy un fantasma, y lo peor es que todavía estoy con ustedes! ¿Por qué Dios me
castiga? ¿Por qué no puedo descansar en paz? Los fuegos del infierno son mejores que estar
en el mismo espacio que todos ustedes." Lopez dijo.
(Translation: My God, I'm a ghost. And the worst thing is that I'm still together with
you guys! Why is God punishing me? Why can't I rest in peace!? The fires of Hell are
better than being in the same space as you all.)
"Hahaha! You're a riot, Lopez." Doc laughs, earning a groan from Lopez.
"Wow! Look at me. I'm all ghost-like! Bet I can do a lot of sexy stuff like this!" Sister
exclaims with a perverted giggle.
"These guys sure are colorful. Both figuratively and literally." Laxus remarks and notices the
yellow hologram staring at him.
"Wow! You're huge! And hot! You're huge and hot! Do you wanna go out with me!?" Sister
frantically asks.
Laxus sweat drops.
"Hey, knock it off Kai." Grif then turns to Laxus. "And you. Stay the fuck away from my
sister."
"You know, despite Grif being a lazy fatass, he is a very protective brother." Simmons
whispers to Sarge.

"Yeah. I think that's the only time he ever puts effort in moving." Sarge said. "Makes me
almost not wanna kill him. Keyword 'almost'."
"Okay, that's enough! This is one big happy reunion and what-not but let's not forget that
were in a mission here, so help me God, let's stop standing around and talk and get the job
done so I can see the opportunity of that perverted scum of the universe's dick ripped out of
him!" Carolina growled.
All of the men, both living and digital, hold their crotches at the morbid imagery.
Except Natsu, who's too stupid to get it.
"Still the same bundle of anger I see." Tex comments, earning a glare from Carolina.
Church freaks out at seeing his ex-girlfriend. "T-Tex!?"
"Yeah, it's me. Don't be surprised, Epsilon has a memory of everybody. And no, we're not
getting back together." Tex told him.
"Yeah… that's fair. After everything we've been through, it's the right thing to do. After all…
I did choose to forget you." Church says in defeat.
"Right…" Tex sighed. "But I agree with Carol. I want to see that pervert's dick ripped off and
I wanna hear him squeal like the mentally disabled pig he is."
"I hate to break this emotional moment, but we have a job to do." Makarov said.
"We do?" Simmons asks Grif.
"Yeah. And I'm taking a nap. Later." Grif walks away.
"So? How do you like my gift?" Caboose-Epsilon asks his friend(?).
Church looks at the Reds and Blues doing their thing. "... They're all so real, just like I
remember them… from the obnoxious right down to the stupid." He then turns to the memory
AI. "But I can't live like this… I can't live in a fantasy. I have to move on, Caboose. Let them
go."
Epsilon stares at Church for a minute and one by one, each member of the Reds and Blues
begin to disappear.
"Por fin puedo descansar en paz. Y no tengo que verlos hamas." Lopez murmuró que las
había disparado.
(Translation: Finally, I can rest in peace. And I never have to see you all again.)
"You said it, Lopez. You said it." Donut says and he disappears.
"Bye everyone! Bye hot guy!" Sister waves everyone goodbye.

Grif lets out a tired sigh. "What a drag."
"CALL MEEEEEEE!" Grif and his sister then disappear.
"Well, I guess I should say a few parting words, but the truth is I hated every one of you and
you all sucked." Sarge said. "I pray to God we don't end up in the same afterlife."
Simmons watches everyone disappear and comes to a crucial realization.
"Wait, so Caboose was God all along. Huh, that explains a lot now that I think about it."
Simmons says before he disappears.
Church looks at Tex in silence as she disappears and sighs.
"We'll be here for you, Church! Best friends 4EVER!" Caboose tells him before he logs off.
Natsu leans towards the tiny Church. "You okay, dude?"
The Alpha turns and looks at the dragon slayer. "Yeah, I'm just… tired. I wanna go to sleep."
Just then, the group senses a familiar magic power heading towards them.
"I don't think you'll have time for that." Laxus comments as they see Ivan Dreyar and Georg
Reizen descending upon them.
"Well, well, look who decided to visit me. Long time no see, Laxus-chan." Ivan said with his
usual smile.
"So these are Fairy Tail's famous dragon slayers. Ha! They're nothing but weaklings!" Georg
laughs.
The group notices that there's something different about them. Georg's body is more muscular
with colorful scales replacing his skin, and sharp fangs in place of normal teeth. Ivan's
features remain the same except for his sharp canines and the black sclera in his eyes. They
both also have black metal chokers around their necks.
"Ivan! I see that Asmodeus was unfortunately correct in saying you were involved in this
madness!" Makarov roars, disgusted and angered to see his estranged son being involved in
something this horrible.
"Damn you, old man! What the hell are you thinking?!" Laxus yells, equally disgusted and
angry at seeing his father here looking so smug.
"Why, I'm just here for all the rewards. Power, women, and ruling the multiverse. What more
could I ask for?" Ivan arrogantly replies, further infuriating his family members.
Natsu catches a familiar scent and looks at Georg. "Hey. Your scent reminds me of those
Dragon Eaters. Are you a member of their guild?

"Indeed, but I'm not just any member! I am Georg Reizen, the founder and leader of
Diabolos, composed exclusively of 5th generation Dragon Slayers who kill and eat dragons!
Rustyrose promised me ultimate power and a never-ending supply of dragons from across the
multiverse, all in exchange for test subjects for his experiments!" Georg cackled.
"Test subjects?" Wendy asked in confusion, before her eyes widened in horror as a dark
thought came to mind. "You monster! Did you sacrifice the members of your own guild to
Rustyrose?!"
"A small price to pay for this power and all the dragons I can eat. I wouldn't expect a stupid
brat like you to understand." Georg scoffs to their shock and disgust.
Natsu's body slowly ignites with red-hot flames as he glares at the two. "Monsters… all of
you…!"
"That's a good look on you, Natsu-chan. The face of a true demon. It's the perfect opportunity
to test Rusty's new troops." Ivan says and snaps his fingers.
Suddenly, something shoots out of the ground and nine dragon-like humanoids land in front
of them, each of them of varying size and appearance.
Wendy's eyes widen as she recognizes some of their scents. "No way… are they…?"
"Meet the new and improved Diabolos! The ultimate Dragon-Eating guild in the entire
universe!" Georg proclaims.
"A feat of combining science and magic. They were all spliced with the DNA of your two
alien friends, and when you combine that with [Dragon Slaying Magic, the possibilities are
just endless!" Ivan cackles while showing off the mutated Dragon/Saiyan hybrids.
"And the greatest part is that they are completely obedient to me! Hahahahaha!" Georg
laughs.
The fairies look at the mutated dragon slayers with righteous fury and pity. Just looking at
them was disturbing enough, but knowing that their guildmaster was responsible for what
looks to be a painful transformation made them feel worse.
"To think you would sink so low, Ivan. You do not deserve to call yourself a guildmaster!
None of you do!" Makarov roars at them. "Guilds are supposed to be places where people can
come together to forge bonds, to help and support each other in growth of strength and the
pursuit of dreams!" He lectures Georg, before looking at Ivan. "I don't know where I went
wrong in raising you, Ivan, but this is too far even for you! It appears you are now a true
monster in both body and spirit, and you are certainly not my son after all of this!"
"Same here! I already stopped thinking of you as my father a long time ago, but after this, it
appears you truly were a monster this whole time!" Laxus roars with lightning surging off his
body.

Ivan just laughs. "That's right, that's right! We are no longer family! As far as I am concerned
we are nothing but strangers. Enemies destined to fight to the death!" Ivan proclaims. "And
you were all fools to come to our den of monsters because now there is no escape for you!"
"You want to play the role of a monster that badly, Ivan? Fine, be one. But that just means I
get to play my role." Makarov enlarges himself, increasing his height and muscles.
"As the man that stops the monsters." He declares as he pops his neck and knuckles.
They all charge at each other.
Treasury
"What is this place?" Gajeel asks in wonder as he, Chun-Li, Seilah, Pantherlily and Diana
explore a room filled with gold, jewels, and all manner of unique trinkets and relics.
"I sense dread in this place." Panther Lily said.
"If I had to guess, some sort of treasure room or vault." Chun-Li notes, having seen similar
rooms when pursuing particularly wealthy criminals and crime syndicates while at Interpol.
"Given Rustyrose's clear megalomania and lust, we shouldn't be too surprised he's also overly
materialistic."
"That vermin truly is scum. Irene was right in saying that just when we think he can't get any
worse, he always finds new ways to prove us wrong." Seilah says darkly.
"Rustyrose is definitely the worst male I have ever met, which isn't easy given how many
awful male individuals I have crossed paths with." Diana says in disgust. "The fact that he
revived, experimented, and brainwashed poor Brandish's mother just to spite her and for his
own gratification is beyond despicable."
The five of them continue moving through the treasure-filled room, before Gajeel suddenly
halts the girls.
"I can smell multiple unusual scents coming this way, and the power I sense from them is
definitely unusual. Get ready for a fight, everybody." He says to the three females and his
Exceed partner.
All of them get into fighting stances while charging their power, before 6 females appear
before them.
All of them had distinct beautiful appearances, though each of them possessed extremely
curvy bodies and large feminine assets such as K-cup breasts, a clear sign of Rustyrose's
experiments.
The first one had a dark complexion with stunning silver hair and wore a black leotard with
gold edges and a red gem in front of her large cleavage, along with a black headdress and a
black cape attached to golden bracelets attached to her wrist.

The second female is a brunette with white bangs in the front similar to Wanda who wears a
yellow and green bodysuit that clings to her body and a brown jacket on top of it.
The third wears an outfit akin to a fusion of a ninja and an S dominatrix based on her black
leotard alongside her long black gloves and boots with a red sash around her waist who
carried a katana in one hand and generated a blade of pink energy from the other.
The fourth one had black hair, green eyes, and a skin tight set of black pants and sports bra
that clung to her body, though the most distinct part of her appearance is the two metal claws
on each hand that appeared to pop out of her knuckles.
The fifth one is a tall woman with green skin and an hourglass figure that also had lean yet
toned muscles that blended surprisingly well with her curves and feminine assets, wearing a
white and purple leotard along with purple gloves and white shoes.
The last woman is a stunning blonde wearing a black leotard with a golden thunderbolt
across it, black gloves and thigh-high boots, a red sash on her waist, and a domino mask on
her face.
"I don't believe this! Storm! Rogue! Psylocke! Laura! She-Hulk! Ms. Marvel!" Chun-Li says
in surprise and horror.
"You know them, Chun-Li?" Seilah asks in curiosity.
Chun-Li reluctantly nods. "They are friends of mine from my universe, and also heroes like
Diana."
"Are all female heroes in your universe so drop-dead sexy?" Gajeel asks before getting
smacked in the head. "Ow!"
"Shut up, Gajeel, or I will let Levy know you said that." Seilah scolds him, having bonded
with the blunette over their love of reading books.
The brainwashed superheroines all rush towards the five.
"Here they come!" Chun-Li says as she activates [Ultra Instinct].
Xeno Goku and Vegeta, along with Super 18 and Perfect Cell, fly through the clouds of the
interior band of the ring before stopping at who's before them.
The first is a very muscular man of towering height. He has long spiky black hair reaching
down to his thighs with a single shorter bang hanging over his face. He wears a red sleeveless
shirt with blue baggy pants and white boots. He has a small scar from the left side of his
jawline and the iconic Saiyan tail wiggling behind him.
To his left is a large, humanoid, white, black and blue Dragon. Two large, fleshy horns
emerge from the top of his head, and a pair of tiny feelers emerge from his upper lip, giving
the appearance of a mustache. Long black spikes protrude from his shoulders, elbows, back,
and knees. Two more fleshy spikes protrude from the sides of his chest, and his abdomen and

the back of his head are dark blue. On its chest are a set of Dragon Balls, but they were all
cracked and blue instead of a brilliant orange.
To his right is a tall muscular man, sporting an athletic build with prominent facial features
and a broad jawline, giving the fusion a more mature appearance. He has long flowing black
hair extending under his shoulders, which he keeps tucked behind his ears, leaving his shorter
bangs hanging above his face. His outfit features blue jeans with a rip over the left thigh,
bronze earrings and an orange scarf. He sports a bronze wide belt-buckle with the Red
Ribbon logo and a cross over it, dark blue boots with bronze tips, a form-fitting dark blue
shirt with missing shoulders and matching gloves and bronze wrist-guards. He also wears
brown suspenders and a small brown vest with bronze trimming.
"Wow. Omega Shenron, Super 17, and Cumber. Talk about a blast from the past." Xeno Goku
remarks.
Xeno Vegeta scoffs. "Does this Rustyrose expect us to fight against this ragtag bunch of
hasbeens? If that's the case, he is severely underestimating us."
"Oh, this is just perfect!" The Saiyans turn to a laughing Cell. "I never thought I would get
the chance to fight you. Of all of Gero's creations I've seen, you stood out among them." He
slowly levitates forward. "After all, how could such an antiquated, useless,
and disgusting piece of scrap like you dare take my place as the Ultimate Android? Frankly, I
can't help but feel insulted."
"Don't let your guard down, you two. There's no telling what Rustyrose has done to them." 18
warns the others.
"She's right, Vegeta. We can't treat them like common enemies. We need a plan." Xeno Goku
adds.
"I got a plan." Xeno Vegeta powers up to [Super Saiyan 4]. "Attack!"
"Vegeta wait!" Xeno Goku calls out but the Saiyan Prince is already gone.
"Ha! I like this plan!" Cell remarks before charging in as well.
Xeno Goku and 18 both groan before joining the fray.
Halo Control Room
Lamy, Ur, and Lucy teleport in a large, dome-shaped room featuring a massive hologram of
Halo and a hologram of Earthland at the center. Suspended in the air is a large circular
catwalk around the planet.
"So this is the control room." Ur says as she looks around.
"This is incredible." Lucy marveled.
"Less amazement, more focus. We got a job to do." Lamy steps forward. "Ready, Delta?"

A small green hologram appears next to Lamy. "Affirmative."
Holographic screens appear as Lamy accesses the facility's systems. She takes a chip of sorts
from her coat pocket and places it on a holographic slot causing the projection of the planet to
change into Delta's head.
"I am in. But the primary controls for the installation are heavily protected." Delta said.
"As expected. How long will it take you to gain access?" Lamy asks.
"If I use all of my functions, I should have enough power to break through the firewalls.
However, during this time all of my other faculties will be disabled. I will not be able to
speak with you nor can I be removed from the system until my task is complete." Delta
explains.
Lamy nods. "That's fine, Delta. Do what you have to."
"Very well. Good luck to you all." The head of Delta then turns back into Earthland.
"We need to be ready for whatever surprises that cockroach Rustyrose may have for us. This
is his base and it may have all sorts of nasty surprises, so stay on guard." Lamy warns her two
companions.
"You don't need to tell me twice. That son of a bitch is crafty and despicable. Though
hopefully we can rescue all the poor women that the bastard is using in the process." Ur said.
"No kidding. It was bad enough that Rusty not only kidnapped and brainwashed my ancestor
Anna, but even revived my mother for the sake of becoming his sex doll! And now he does
the same to poor Brandish's mother, not to mention kidnap and brainwash my friend
Yukino?!" Lucy exclaims in fury.
"We'll free all of them, Lucy-san. Just like we did with your mother and my daughter." Ur
reassures her. "I'm actually looking forward to meeting Meredy."
"Really? I thought you would be a little nervous. Considering she's Ultear's foster daughter,
that essentially makes Meredy your granddaughter in a way." Lucy comments.
"Yeah, I definitely have a little mixed feelings about essentially being a grandma, but given
that I was dead for years and I'm essentially immortal now, I'll just have to adapt and get used
to it." Ur comments with a shrug.
Just then, they felt an ominous energy and they saw Jenny, Yukino, and Meredy appear
behind them.
"Whores of Asmodeus, I have come to claim you as my latest slaves." Meredy boasted, or
rather, Rusty boasted through the [Sensory Link]. His blank stare transformed into a
malicious grin. "Is this a bad time?"
"Oh crap." Lamy pulls out a pair of twin guns from under her coat, one black and one white.

(AN: Yeah, they're Alucard's guns. I already made Lamy look like his loli form, so you
knew this was coming)
"I'm not one of Asmodeus' lovers. But even if I was, hell would freeze over before I became
your slave, you sick bastard!" Lucy yells, a deep sense of rage and disgust being displayed
that was shared with her two companions.
"Quite frankly, I think the only reason why you kidnap and brainwash women is because no
female would ever WILLINGLY enter into a relationship with you. You're so horrible and
pathetic with an inability to accept reality that you need to resort to the most extreme and
despicable measures like this." Lamy insults.
"Indeed, you truly are the most pathetic piece of shit in all of Earthland that every woman
would be disgusted with! Your time of reckoning is coming, you son of a bitch! For
everything you did to my daughter and all those innocent women!" Ur roars as she activates
her [Fairy Heart] form while charging her various other forms of power, with Lucy and
Lamy doing the same with their power.
Rusty just looks amused. "Are you sure you want to fight your friends? Your own
granddaughter?" He makes Meredy sensually trace her hands across her figure. "Are you
sure you have it in you to hurt ME, grandma?"
"Don't you dare speak in her voice, you monster!" Ur angrily yelled. "Meredy, if you can
hear me, don't worry, we will free you soon so just sit tight, okay?"
Rusty giggles. "That's adorable. But do you think you can defeat me without your
precious Master?"
"We don't think. We know. And when we're done, you will wish you were never born." Lucy
says as her body is enveloped in a golden aura.
Lamy points her guns at Rusty.
"Well then, ladies." Rusty summons a multitude of light swords to her side. "Show me
what you got!"
In the empty halls, a large shadow can be seen slowly making itself large with weighted steps
until a familiar figure appears.
"Where is that damn teleporter? There's gotta be one here somewhere." I growled.
[I would advise you not to get agitated. It will only accelerate the Dark Factor virus]
"How the hell is Towa able to do this!? She shouldn't be able to breach my defenses!" I said.
[Normally, you'd be correct. But Towa is a genius and adept Demon Sorceress, she likely
created a concoction that can bypass your natural defenses and attack your very being
directly]

"Now you tell me…" I murmured before jolting from the burning pain in my chest. "Gah!"
Horns begin to protrude from my head, the body grows slightly and my arms become darker.
God… it was getting worse. The transformations are becoming stronger and aggressive by
the second, and I can feel myself getting weaker each time.
"How much… time… do I have left…?" I wheezed out.
[Impossible to know at this point. Could be a few minutes… or a few seconds]
"Then I better… make it worth it…!" I force the [Dark Factor] back and return to normal. I
keep moving until I see a light coming just ahead and find that it's from an open elevator.
"Finally… progress." I mutter as I pull myself into the elevator.
However, no sooner than he did, the doors clam shut and the elevator began to move without
my input.
"Wha…?" I turn to the elevator controls which are going crazy. "That's not right."
[Maybe the elevator's h-h-h-h-hunted!]
"It's probably just a malfunction. Should be easy enough to fix." I reach towards the color
panel and pull the metal lid revealing its wiring. "Wish I had my screwdriver right about
now." I reach for one of the circuit boards only to be attacked by a jolt of electricity.
"Keep your squishy meat sausages away from my circuits or else I will fry your fingers…
AND THEN FORCE THEM DOWN YOUR FUCKING THROAT SO YOU CAN CHOKE
ON THEM! HAHAHAHA!" A low, beast-like voice booms through the elevator's intercom.
[That's not Towa… or Rusty for that matter]
A hologram appears of a humanoid wearing black armor.
After getting the clone's memories, I knew he summoned the Alpha A.I. aka Church, along
with Kisuke, Kaguya, and Dlanor.
But, this isn't Church. He is too… angry. I mean yeah, Church also gets angry, but he's more
"you're getting on my nerves" angry. This one radiates "you touch my shit I'm gonna kill you
in the worst way imaginable" kind of angry.
Name: Omega
Title: Alpha's Rage, O'Malley
Affiliation: Project Freelancer (Former), Asmodeus
Level: 10
HP: 800

MP: 0
SP: 0
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: TASTE OBLIVION!
Current Status: Servant (Permanent)
"Omega, what the hell are you doing? How are you even here?" I ask in annoyance. "I'm
trying to escape, in case you haven't noticed."
"Talk about ungrateful, you little dipshit! I'll get you where you need to go, so keep your
fucking hands to yourself!" Omega barks. "As for your other question, that asshole in clogs
fucking split us from the Alpha… AND THAT FUCKING HURT!" He raged. "HE BETTER
HOPE I DON'T SEE HIM AGAIN BECAUSE I WILL MAIN HIM! I WILL MAIN HIM
AND ALL OF HIS FAMILY!"
I only sigh in response at the AI's ranting.
'Out of all the AI I could cross paths with first, I had to get Omega.' I thought.
Suddenly the elevator stops and the doors open.
"We have arrived at your destination. I hope you're ready… for OBLIVION!
HUHUHUHUAHAHAHAHA!" Omega cackles.
"Yeah, yeah." I step out of the elevator and see no teleporters anywhere. "Hey! This is the
wrong floor, asshole!"
"Fuck you, motherfucker, I said I was gonna take you where you needed to go! I never said it
was where you wanted to go." Omega reveals and laughs.
I rush to the elevator but Omega closes the doors. "Ah, ah. No free rides."
I bang at the doors. "Let me in, you psychotic piece of shit!"
"Oooh, I'm so scared of a dead man. Have fun in oblivion, shitface! Huhuhuhuhuhuhoho!"
Omega cackles as I hear the elevator go down.
"Fuck!" I kick at the door. "Fucking asshole. Who does he think he is?"
[Was that rhetorical or are you seriously asking me?]
"Ugh, I hope there's another way outta here." I groaned before turning away from the
elevator.
[Huh, now that's odd. Sparda is acting unusual in your inventory]
"Wait, what?" I quickly pull the [Sparda] from my [Inventory] and see that it is… pulsing?

"Okay, what the fuck?"
[You got me. This has never happened before]
I raise the sword forward and feel the pulse getting stronger.
"Guess it wants me to go somewhere. Eh, stranger things have happened, but hopefully it's
something good." I said as I followed the sword.
I walk through a series of turns and corridors, with the [Sparda] to guide me. Eventually, I
went down a path and found myself standing before a locked door. I place my hand on the
door and the [Dark Matter] dissolves it in an instant before I get blasted by frigid air.
I walk inside and find an unusual freezer-like room filled with pods similar to the ones Towa
had in her lab.
"More test subjects? Good lord, how many people did they experiment on, and why keep
some here instead of in Towa's lab?" I questioned.
[Who knows on both counts. Based on the nature of the pods and the cold, these people
are likely in stasis because they are considered the more "troublesome" subjects. The
people that Rustyrose and Towa couldn't bend to their control]
I walk towards one of the pods but I can't see inside because of the thick sheet of frost in the
glass.
"How long have they been here?" I murmur as I break the sheet of ice and see who's inside.
Inside the pod is a beautiful woman with long vibrant red hair. She wears a white jumpsuit
with golden boots and gloves that hugs her hourglass figure nicely with some kind of bird
symbol in the middle, making her large K-cup breasts and hips stand out, along with a gold
sash around her waist.
Name: Jean Grey
Title: Marvel Girl, Phoenix, The One True Phoenix, White Phoenix
Affiliation: X-Men, Quiet Council of Krakoa, X-Force, The Hive, Clan Rebellion
(Expand)
Level: E̶̡̜̤͓̫̦͔͌͜R̶̨̰̠̘͈̙̃̌̈́̐̒͝͠Ŗ̵̖̞̙̜̬̼̫̝̭̗͖̤̈́͒̕Õ̶̢̢̜̗͈̞̠̤͕͈͕̒̀̇̂͗ Ṛ̴̛́
HP: E̶̡̜̤͓̫̦͔͌͜R̶̨̰̠̘͈̙̃̌̈́̐̒͝͠Ŗ̵̖̞̙̜̬̼̫̝̭̗͖̤̈́͒̕Õ̶̢̢̜̗͈̞̠̤͕͈͕̒̀̇̂͗ Ṛ̴̛́
MP: E̶̡̜̤͓̫̦͔͌͜R̶̨̰̠̘͈̙̃̌̈́̐̒͝͠Ŗ̵̖̞̙̜̬̼̫̝̭̗͖̤̈́͒̕Õ̶̢̢̜̗͈̞̠̤͕͈͕̒̀̇̂͗ Ṛ̴̛́
SP: E̶̡̜̤͓̫̦͔͌͜R̶̨̰̠̘͈̙̃̌̈́̐̒͝͠Ŗ̵̖̞̙̜̬̼̫̝̭̗͖̤̈́͒̕Õ̶̢̢̜̗͈̞̠̤͕͈͕̒̀̇̂͗ Ṛ̴̛́
AP: E̶̡̜̤͓̫̦͔͌͜ R̶̨̰̠̘͈̙̃̌̈́̐̒͝͠Ŗ̵̖̞̙̜̬̼̫̝̭̗͖̤̈́͒̕Õ̶̢̢̜̗͈̞̠̤͕͈͕̒̀̇̂͗ Ṛ̴̛́

E̶̡̜̤͓̫̦͔͌͜ Ŗ̵̖̞̙̜̬̼̫̝̭̗͖̤̈́͒̕ Õ̶̢̢̜̗͈̞̠̤͕͈͕̒̀̇̂͗
Thoughts about you: n/a
"Holy shit. It's Jean Grey! Those idiots actually kidnapped Jean Grey, the vessel of
the [Phoenix Force] herself! I don't know if I should be amazed at their boldness or be
frightened at the risk they are taking!" I exclaimed.
[They are arrogant and power-hungry with grand ambitions, so it could be both. But
the fact that she has her white suit means she's the White Phoenix, meaning she's at her
strongest and with full mastery of the Phoenix Force]
"That's awesome! The last thing the multiverse needs is an enhanced [Dark
Phoenix] running around the multiverse fucking it all up." I grimaced at the thought,
remembering some of the comics where Jean Grey was psychotic and sadistic in that state,
nearly killing the X-Men on multiple occasions and eating stars.
Yeah, you heard that right. She ate stars! Fucking STARS!
"Her stats are glitched. But I guess that's what happens when you have full control over a
cosmic entity with limitless power." I remarked.
[Modifications aside, you can't deny she's hot as hell! No wonder Scott and Logan
fought over her and is regarded as one of Marvel's hottest females! She is the OG waifu
before waifus were even a thing!]
"Yeah, she is pretty hot." I nodded.
[You thinking about hooking up with her when all of this stuff is over?]
"Don't tempt me, man." I said. "Plus, she's likely married to Scott, and I'm not really into that
NTR crap."
[Smart answer, but she's definitely fair game if she isn't married. Most versions of Scott
are assholes with some being cheating bastards, after all]
*BA~BUMP!* *BA~BUMP!* *BA~BUMP!* *BA~BUMP!* *BA~BUMP!*
I look down and feel the sword's pulsing growing stronger. I raise it and move through the
dozens of pods, most are empty while a few are occupied.
Eventually, I found something that got my attention. A single, large pod tucked away in the
furthest part of the freezer, almost forgotten.
I look at [Sparda] and it reacts strongly to the pod. "Is this what you've guiding toward?"
Obviously, the sword couldn't answer my question, but if it could, I think it would nod.
I stab the sword on the floor and walk closer to the pod. "What are you?" I touch the glass
and the surface lights up, revealing a complex magic formula. "Some kind of seal… and an
extremely complex one at that." I read some of the symbols in the outer layer. "Looks like

this thing's purpose is to contain and absorb the energy from the occupant. It's keeping them
in a comatose-like state, the mind's completely shut off."
[But that can't be why the Sparda brought us here]
"No…" I narrow my eyes and notice a barely visible silhouette. "There's something else
inside the pod. It's probably the anchor to the seal."
[You think this could be the same person that destroyed a portion of Towa's lab?]
"Possibly. Although Jean over there could pull it off, too…" I said.
*BA-BUMP!*
"Aah!" I collapse as the [Dark Factor] sets in again, changing me back into the [Dark
King].
"Grr… STOP IT!" I ordered. "I WILL NOT… CHANGE! DO YOU HEAR ME!? I
REFUSE!" The transformation regresses and I return to normal.
I grab on the edge of the pod and pull myself up. "... fighting it for so long. I can't hold back
the changes anymore…!"
[The corruption is spreading faster than I can stop it! I'm sorry…]
I look at the sheet of ice. "Maybe there's another way…" I slowly slide my way to the middle.
"If I can use the anchor… the source of the seal, I may be able to halt the corruption. Restore
me back to normal."
[But we'd also be releasing whoever's inside the pod. They could kill us!]
"And if we don't, then everything we've worked towards would have been for naught." I
argued.
[I have a bad feeling about this]
"The feeling is mutual…" I use [Almighty Magic] to grab the magic formula and destroy it
instantly.
Immediately, the pod begins to glow purple before it explodes, sending me crashing into one
of the empty pods.
"Ow…" I moan before quickly tilting my head right as the [Sparda] stabs itself to said area.
*CLICK*
And then I heard it… the sound of heels clicking as a figure walks out of them. No, that's not
right. The smoke itself seemed to part ways because of their presence.
And then… I see it.

In front of me is a beautiful young girl with long white hair, wearing what appears to be a
short but form-fitting black dress over a white armored corset with magenta accents with
black fur around her neck connected to the dress with a golden brooch. She wears long black
boots with gold heels and long black leggings. She wears a white glove with an orange palm
on her right hand while her left arm is largely encompassed with a black glove with glowing
magenta lines. But what draws my attention is the longsword plunged right where her heart is
and just how unfazed she is by it.
She has beautiful yet menacing golden cross-shaped eyes. They were cold, calculating, and
promised no mercy. A gaze I am all too well familiar with.
Name: Sirin
Title: Herrscher of the Void, K-423, Kiana Kaslana, The Devil, Supreme Queen, Will of
the Doom, Apostle of God (Expand)
Affiliation: Will of Honkai
Level: ?
HP: ?
MP: ?
SP: ?
AP: ?
Thoughts about you: E̶̡̜̤͓̫̦͔͌͜R̶̨̰̠̘͈̙̃̌̈́̐̒͝͠Ŗ̵̖̞̙̜̬̼̫̝̭̗͖̤̈́͒̕Õ̶̢̢̜̗͈̞̠̤͕͈͕̒̀̇̂͗ Ṛ̴̛́
'What the hell!?' I thought.
[We are in deep shit, man]
Silver eyes stare back at gold for a few minutes until she does something unexpectedly.
She… chuckled?
"You do not fear me. Even though you are in such close proximity, I do not sense any fear at
all from you. Amusing." Sirin's smile quickly transforms into a blank stare. "Who are you,
vermin? Answer me."
I can feel the insane pressure she is sending me through her gaze alone, like someone had
increased the gravity in the room by a million.
But despite this, I manage to stand tall before this monster.
"My name is Asmodeus. I am not here to fight. I just wanna talk." I said with passion.
Sirin stares at me with bated silence before opening her mouth. "... why are you here?"

"My friends and I were brought here by Rustyrose and Towa. They want to turn this
multiverse into their playhouse." I replied.
A menacing dark aura surrounds Sirin at the mention of the name.
"Rustyrose… that human and the demon bitch froze me after having their way with me. They
experimented on me, thinking that I could be controlled, but they were wrong. Herrscher
does not yield, we conquer and destroy." Sirin's expression turns into a cruel and twisted
smile. "The witch may have evaded me, but the same cannot be said for his human pet as I
made him a fool, made his power nothing but a simple light show. Then, I had my fun." A
dark purple aura surrounds her. "I tore him to pieces. I plucked out his eyes, charred his skin,
tore off his limbs and removed his lungs and larynx. I showered him with [Honkai
Energy] and I watched him wry in slow and painful agony as my power ate away at his
living remains like cancer." She then sneers as her anger flares. "But before I could finish him
off, that old hag stabbed me with this cursed sword, and used that moment of confusion to
seal me away."
[That would explain why there are so many empty pods. Rusty and Towa must have
thrown them at her to buy time. They must have been vaporized instantly from the
exposure]
Sirin glares at the sword in her chest. "But now it's no longer a factor."
Sirin grabs the blade, and with a simple tug, pulls the sword out of her chest with ease.
Dark violet energy begins to surge within her body, bathing her body with a power I've never
felt before.
It was as if I was staring at the universe itself.
"Haa, my strength returns." The hole in her chest closes immediately. "Still, I should thank
you for freeing me." Sirin smiles. "It is the least I can do."
"Um, I don't think that's necessary." I said.
"Oh." Her smile turns dark. "I insist."
*SQUELCH!*
Before I can even sense or detect it, the longsword that was in her hand is now plunged
through my chest, the speed and force of it sending crashing straight into an empty pod.
"Gck!" I vomit blood with a look of shock in my face at what just happened.
[I… she bypassed our Radar. Just what the hell is she?!]
Sirin then opens a portal behind her. "I believe this is where we must part ways. I have spent
enough time in this wretched place, it merely proves that you humans are as vile, greedy, and
worthless no matter where in space and time you choose to fester. Your very concept is a sin

that has to be wiped out." She enters the vortex before sending her "savior" one last, spiteful
look.
"I hereby declare Judgment on the multiverse. I will eradicate every single one of you
pathetic and vile humans out of this plane of existence! Even if that takes me to the end of
time itself!" With her declaration made, Sirin enters the portal and disappears.
"Agh… fuck." I groan as I grab the blade of the sword.
[That crazy bitch apparently didn't realize that if Rusty succeeds in remaking the
Multiverse, she'll be affected regardless. Not even she could resist the combined might
of all 7 Chaos Emeralds. Talk about lack of hindsight]
I grit my teeth as I pull the sword out of my chest. Unknown to me though, the blood from
my chest and hands travels down from the blade to the skull-shaped guard, drenching it in
blood.
*CLICK!*
Suddenly the crossguard unfolds into two, the dormant skulls on the guard transform into
screaming skulls and the pommel splits into several spikes.
I pull the blade out and throw it across the room, stabbing itself into the floor.
I push myself out of the pod and look down as my body is surrounded by a dark energy,
different from my [Aura].
"Ha!" I scream as I transform into my [Dark King] form, but unlike before I am not
wracked in pain. In fact, I feel pretty good. Completely energized!
New Trait unlocked!
[Dark King]
The ultimate pinnacle of all demonic beings and demonic power, the God of Demons.
Your power and dominion will inspire fear and respect from even the strongest gods
and cosmic beings, along with a near-universal level of absolute loyalty from demonic
beings, recognizing you as the Alpha Demon.
Raises all stats by 10,000,000
[The anchor worked! It stopped the virus! No, it merged with your biology and
enhanced you!]
I turn my attention to the sword stabbed on the floor and walk towards it. I pull it out and
take a good look at it.
[Rebellion] - Rank: EX

Dante's signature sword, almost never seen without it (and his guns). A remarkably
powerful magical sword, it is sharp enough to pierce the surface of the Savior's body
while it is powered by the Sparda. It is also one of the most durable objects in the series,
capable of withstanding hits from the space-cutting blade Yamato, as well as a direct
punch from the Savior.
It is the opposite of the Yamato, as while the Yamato embodies "Separation", the
Rebellion embodies "Unification". It has the ability to fuse a person's different
attributes into one, creating an entirely new entity with unmatched power, though the
user must willingly impale themselves with an awakened Rebellion to do it.
"Dante's [Rebellion]. So Rusty even went to the Devil May Cry universe." I surmised.
[They must have been using it as some sort of amplifier for the sealing spell. Stabbing it
directly into the source of her being for maximum effect]
I smile as I twirl [Rebellion] around my fingers, swifting between my Saiyan, angel, and
demon forms.
"Oh yeah!" I cackle with glee as I return to normal. "We're back in business baby!"
[Man, it's been a long time since I've seen you this excited. I assume you have something
up your sleeve?]
"Hehehe… you know it! Those idiots don't even realize that I already won!" I gesture to the
line of pods before me. "Rusty and Towa have all these girls locked up and frozen because
they couldn't control them. Imagine just how much they're itching for some payback."
[So you want to set these girls loose on the Halo Ring? I can definitely see the kind of
destruction they can make if their notoriety is anything to go by]
"And while they cause mayhem, we'll sneak in and cut off Rusty and Towa's head and then
afterwards, we'll all sail through time and space on my castle and have an orgy! Hahaha!" I
cackled.
[Are you okay? You seem a little… I don't know… off]
"I-I don't know, but I feel so light! Complete even!" I then remembered something. "Hey, I
just remembered I still have those [Max-Level Skill Tokens]. I think I have five of them or
something."
I browse my inventory and quickly find the tokens. I immediately use them on five skills.
Following skills have been maxed out!
[Unlimited Blade Works LVL. 10/10]
[Roar of Time LVL. 10/10]
[Spatial Rend LVL. 10/10]

[Shadow Force LVL. 10/10]
[Perfect Unknowable LVL. 10/10]
"Brilliant! Isn't this just brilliant!?" I laughed. "And here comes the best part!" I use
my [Psionic Manipulation] and unlock all of the pods in the room. Each one of them
releases hiss of compressed air as the glass lids unfold.
"And now," I transform into my [Super Saiyan 4]. "For my next trick!" The massive head of
the King of Hell rises from a ring of purple flames behind me.
I turn around as the summon opens its mouth and six figures emerge.
"Welcome back ladies. Time to get this party started!" I yelled as I instantly received a
barrage of max affection notifications for every female in front of me.
Back in the Aincrad
Pink monsters fall as they are engulfed in magic fire as multiple shadows are running
forward.
"We're close. The engine room is just ahead." Irene says to her group.
With Irene are Cana, Mammon, Belial, Sariel, Mercphobia, the Heartfilias, Wanda Zatara,
Kaguya, Tempester, Larcade, Shizuka, Luso and Torafuzar.
"We need to hurry, there's no telling how much time we have left before the engine
explodes!" Cana says as she and the others wipe out another incoming horde of monsters.
Merchphobia summons a tidal wave and washes the rest of the monsters.
The view switches to Kisuke monitoring everyone's progress from [Satan's Soul] with Faris,
Touka, and Lady Avalon.
"You're 60 meters from the Engine Room. Just keep going forward." Kisuke told them.
The group keeps their pace until they stop at the sounds of metal cracking.
"What was that?" An anxious Mammon asks.
Kisuke checks the schematics. "You're right on top of the primary fuel cell."
"S-s-so, what?" Layla asks.
"S-s-so… all of the fuel's been drained." Kisuke mutters. "Meaning the rods are exposed, and
if they're exposed then they'll start to cool down and wrap. Maybe even…"
"... break apart." Shizuka realizes in horror.
*BANG!*

A steel beam suddenly bursts out from the wall narrowly missing Anna's head.
"Run!" Everyone quickly makes a run for it as more rods shoot from all over the place.
"Keep running! The engine room entrance is just ahead!" Kisuke told them before letting out
a tired sigh.
"You okay, Kisuke-kun?" Avalon asks.
Kisuke takes a deep breath. "I'm fine. I'm just a bit out of practice when it comes to leading a
unit. A hundred-year exile can do that to you." He then flips to any screen. "How's the
progress on your end?"
Dlanor slices a group of monsters to bits with her red and blue energy swords.
"Progress is slow but steady." Dlanor slashes another monster. "These creatures have proven
to be incredibly stubborn."
"While they are much weaker, they have an advantage in sheer numbers. They can be birthed
from all of that gray stuff around you." Kisuke said.
Kyôka freezes the Majin in place with [Macro] and then elegantly slices them to pieces with
her [Tenga Goken].
Meanwhile, the Sagiri twins slash through the monsters while Konomi finishes them off with
precise shots to their supposed vital areas.
Chisato kicks a few monsters aside and uses her magic to flash freeze them.
Jellal and Dimaria right hooked the monsters in the face before firing ki blasts at point-blank,
vaporizing them in an instant. Gildarts rushes through the horde and taps on them causing
their bodies to break down to nothing in an instant.
"I've got a question for you, top hat. If these can just respawn," he grabs a monster's head and
lets it turn into dust "then why aren't we going after the source of it all!?"
"Because one, there's already another group heading there right now. And two, retaking the
main control room is just as vital. We'll need it if we really want to escape this place." Kisuke
told him. "Besides, attacking the source won't stop the monsters from coming. The only way
to do that is to cut off the [Chaos Energy] directly which also means stopping the engines
from exploding."
A small hologram of a Blue/Magenta humanoid in armor appears sitting on Gildarts'
shoulder.
"You know, you should have more trust in Mr. Kisuke. His plan is straightforward and easy to
understand." The A.I. says in a child-like voice.
Gildarts sighs. "I know he means well, Theta. I just wanna get this done so that we can get
out of here."

Theta puts his hands on the back of his head. "Yeah, I hear ya. This place gives me the
creeps."
"Unfortunately, we will need to put up with this until we can secure the base and destroy all
of them." 21 replies as she blasts a pink barrier and clears a path. "C'mon, hurry!"
Kisuke watches everyone head further to their destination and sighs. "It won't be long
now…"
"Indeed." A gold/orange hologram appears next to Kisuke. "This Rustyrose has gone through
a lot of lengths to keep us contained. But he should have realized by now we cannot be
stopped." The hologram's smile widened. "Nothing can stop us."
Faris and Touka share a look of worry as they watch everyone move onwards while Lady
Avalon smiles.
The group stops at a large space and a door just ahead.
"The control room is just ahead. Let's go." Chisato steps forward but quickly jumps back as
four flying kunai nearly impale her.
From the shadows, two figures reveal themselves. The first is an extremely beautiful woman
with long black hair with a small blue tint and charcoal black eyes. Her outfit consisted of a
midnight blue long-sleeved shirt and skirt that were further covered by a purple and a white
sash that clings to her extremely curvy hourglass figure, heart-shaped ass, and large K-cup
breasts, with a bandaged right thigh that also has a ninja kunai holster tied to it, and ninja
sandals.
Next to her is a slightly tall, lean built woman, who has lightly tanned skin, with long blue
hair and violet eyes. Her style of clothing mostly consists of punk fashion such as fishnet
stockings, a raggedy tank top, a purple mini skirt, and a long black jacket, along with a
matching set of black combat boots and gauntlets. She also dons a demonic-looking red mask
with two white tusks under the mouth that covers her entire face, giving her a menacing and
murderous presence.
That said, her outfit does nothing to hide her extremely curvy hourglass figure, apple-shaped
ass, and large K-cup breasts.
"Sayo, no…" Yuko whispers in horror.
"Focus, Yuko. Here they come." Yoko told her.
The two brainwashed women lunged at them, ready to kill without mercy.
At the same time, Irene and her group manage to get inside the engine room. There, they see
the altar and the seven emeralds inside a ring of negative energy and send it downwards to
the entire structure as stray black lighting rains down.
"How are we supposed to stop this?" Anna asks.

Just then, a figure lands in between them and the altar. She is a beautiful dark-skinned woman
with long purple hair tied into a long ponytail and stunning golden eyes wearing a black
leotard that exposed much of her back that clung to her voluptuous hourglass figure and
emphasized her large K-cup breasts and shapely ass, long black fingerless gloves, and thighhigh black boots. She was giving off a lightning-based surge of power that seemed spiritual in
nature, not unlike their [Aura].
Kisuke's eyes widened in shock and horror. "Crap. So, Rustyrose even got to you, Yoruichi?"
"Do you know her, Kisuke-san?" Faris asked nervously.
"Yeah. She's a lifelong friend of mine named Yoruichi Shihoin." Kisuke told her.
"Do you remember Master's warning, Kisuke-san? That there was a chance that someone you
knew might be under their control? Master has noticed that many of Rustyrose and Towa's
brainwashed victims are connected to our friends and allies." Lady Avalon notes.
"That's not what I'm worried about, Avalon. I'm worried about whether they can beat
her [Shunryū Kokubyō Senki]." Kisuke nervously chuckles. "She's already a fickle person
normally. Imagine her having the moodiness of a cat."
Yoruichi zig-zags around the room with lightning-fast speeds before she rockets towards the
group.
At the same time, August and the remaining members of Fairy Tail reach the inner sanctum
of Cerebro where the source of the infection is.
"What is this stuff anyway? It's all over my pants." Wakaba shakes his right leg, attempting to
get gum-like substance off.
"This stuff is gross!" Romeo gagged.
Just then, the slime around the A.I. core takes the form of a face as it stares down at them
with malice.
"?" Majin Buu was curious and perplexed by their appearance.
"Disgusting creature." Juvia hissed.
"Get ready everyone." August told them.
Majin Buu smiles as multiple copies of Kid Buu rise from every corner of the room, each of
them sporting large inhuman grins on their faces.
Meanwhile
*CLANG!*
*CLANG!*

Iron clashes against iron, sparks fly as their respective wielders stare at each other with
different expressions: one pleading and the other blank.
"Kagura, you must fight this!" Erza screams out. "You are not Rustyrose's slave, you are
Kagura Mikazuchi, proud member of Mermaid Heel! The little sister of Simon, my best
friend!"
Kagura replied with a kick to her abdomen, sending the Titania backwards and her [Aura] to
flicker.
"I suppose I have no choice. [Requip: Thousand Arms Armor]!" She transforms and
quickly rushes towards her opponent.
"HAAA!" Mira and Ultear launch a fury of punches at Minerva, but the punches never reach
their target.
"Knock, knock." A robot voice catches their attention.
"Not now, Gamma. I'm trying to win here." Ultear yelled.
Ultear goes for a downward swipe but immediately finds herself free falling and crashing into
one of the large incubators. She uses [Arc of Time] to heal herself, but quickly finds that she
has been taken to an entirely different location.
"Dammit!" Ultear snapped.
"So, are you winning yet?" Gamma asks.
Mira raises her arms and summons a ring to black energy orbs behind her before firing them
at unmatched speeds.
Minerva, however, doesn't move as the attack draws closer and slams into an invisible wall
before detonating on impact.
Mira cups her hands to the side and begins charging up her magic and [Ki] and converges it
in a single point.
"Soul… Kamehameha!" Mira fires a fusion of her [Soul Extinctor] and the [Black
Kamehameha] at Minerva, only for the beam to slip into two the moment it gets close to
Minerva, destroying everything that was behind her.
"What!?" Mira sees the space around her getting smaller before it suddenly bursts in a
brilliant explosion that engulfs the platform they're standing on.
Brandish sees the explosion and quickly teleports while her mother leaps off just as the
explosion reaches where they stood.
"She's going to die." Gamma comments as he and Ultear watch the explosion unfold.

"No. In fact, you could say this is where the real fight starts." Ultear responds in a cool tone,
clearly not worried in the slightest.
Minerva stares at the large plume of smoke and burning ash but quickly sees a silhouette
inside.
"There's no question. Rustyrose did make you stronger. If I didn't have this form I would be
dead." The smoke disperses, revealing Mira unharmed but looking different. She's taller now,
and her figure is more filled out. Her hair's longer and gains blue highlights at the tips. She
has two black horns on both sides of her head connected by a crown of black feathers and her
eyes turn amethyst purple.
She wears a skimpy outfit consisting of purple and black robes with gold edges that exposed
her abdomen and much of her breasts much like her base [Satan Soul] form with two
shoulder pauldrons covering her shoulders.
"[Satan Soul: Lilith]. My magic has transcended beyond human limits." Mira states, her
voice firm and regal. "I developed this form using the power I possess as
a [Transcendent] in conjunction with the other forms of power I acquired thanks to
Asmodeus-kun. The best part is that it grants me access to the abilities of all my prior forms
and so much more! The culmination of a [Transcendent]'s full power!"
Minerva waves her hands as she distorts space around her.
"[You are not allowed to use your Magic Power]." Mira commands.
In an instant, space returns to normal as Minerva's magic is completely halted.
"This is one of Lilith's powers: [Command Mantra]. It compels absolute control to anyone
who hears my voice." Mira states.
Minerva's dark aura suddenly flares and grows bigger. She lets out an ear-piercing roar as she
is seemingly consumed by a pillar of dark-blue [Negative Chaos Energy, which intensifies
the power she already has.
"!?" Mira watches on in shock as Minerva's body turns jet black to the point that the only
thing visible are her eyes. Her sclera glows white while lacking any irises.
'What's this? Her power suddenly skyrocketed. Could the [Negative Chaos Energy] have
given her some kind of transformation?' Mira wondered with slight interest. "[Prostrate
before me]."
Immediately, Minerva finds herself prostrating before the She-Demon.
However, to Mirajane's surprise, she sees the brainwashed mage slowly pushing herself
upwards.
"Her current form is strong enough to resist my [Command Mantra]? That's concerning."
Mira remarked.

Minerva launches herself at Mira and goes for a swipe at her neck, but the transcendent Take
Over mage catches the attack and blasts with chaos-infused ki at point-blank creating an
explosion that sends her crashing through several pillars before stopping.
Mira uses Chaos Control to appear in front of Minerva and finds her buried in a pile of ruined
metal and glass.
"Sorry. It's a little hard holding myself back when I'm in this form." Mira said with a nervous
chuckle. "Last time, I almost destroyed the Hyperbolic Time Chamber just from a blast like
that. Good to see that the training came through in the end."
She grabs Minerva's hand and starts siphoning her [Negative Chaos Energy]. "Asmodeuskun taught us how to sense, harness, and even strip someone of [Chaos Energy] and add it to
our own. Don't worry, once I'm done, you'll be back to normal."
Minerva's body turns to normal as more power is drained from her and quickly loses
consciousness.
"There you go. You'll be alright now." Mira's body jolts as dark-blue sparks shoot out of her.
"Whoa! This [Negative Chaos Energy] is no joke. I would have been in serious trouble if I
hadn't mastered control of it beforehand."
"I know what you mean." Brandish's voice calls out, causing Mirajane to then turns towards
the voice to see Brandish carrying her unconscious mother.
"Brandish?" Mirajane glances at the unconscious woman in her arms. "Are… are you okay?"
Brandish sighs. "Honestly I don't know. Half of me is overjoyed to see my mother alive,
while the other half is enraged that she had been desecrated to fulfill a twisted desire." She
looks at her mother. "I didn't want my mother to suffer anymore, so I quickly used the chains
of my [Semblance] and augmented them with [Chaos Energy] before knocking her out."
She explains. "I hope Asmodeus-sama finds Rusty and puts an end to this nightmare forever."
"Me too, but for now, we need to find Erza and Kagura." Mirajane says before the duo leave
to help their comrade.
Meanwhile, Erza spams ki blasts at Kagura who simply slices them in half as she makes her
way towards her at insane speeds.
Deciding to take it a step further, Erza activates her [Semblance] and summons her [Scarlet
Legion] as an army of energy clones wearing her various armors appear beside her.
"Hang on, Kagura! This will all be over soon!" Erza and her army charge at Kagura countless
flurries of slashes and stabs through their weapons that were gradually overwhelming her,
with Erza launching a myriad of Ki blades that engulfed her in an explosion.
Kagura then suddenly explodes in an influx of [Negative Chaos Energy], destroying all of
the copies as her body takes on a dark-blue hue with her skin taking on a darker tanned color,
and her eyes become sharper.

"... so that's how it's going to be. So be it." With that, Erza transforms into another armor, one
that no one has seen before.
She wears an illustrious armor that is both silver and a shade of red similar to her hair that
exposes much of her thighs and hips as well as a small, revealing breastplate that exposes the
top part of her breasts. She wears a pair of armored boots that reach up to her knees and a pair
of gauntlets with spiked knuckles. She has rectangular double-piece pauldrons and a fused
collar with a cape made up of eight feather-like sections attached. Floating above her head is
a red double layered halo that seems to be missing a few pieces.
"[Chaos Titania Armor]. Asmodeus-kun forged this during our two years of training while
Irene empowered it with [Chaos Energy] and [Dragon Slayer Magic]." Erza's expression is
one brimming with determination. "I swear I will use this power to pull you from the
darkness!"
Kagura stands still before suddenly appearing in front of Erza, sword held up high and ready
to cut through her.
*CLANG!*
Erza caught the chaos-infused blade with her armored hand. The brainwashed magic
swordswoman tries to pull away but her weapon won't budge.
She then pulls Kagura and bombards her with a barrage of super-fast heavy blows all over
her body before finishing it with an axe kick, sending Kagura crashing through dozens of
platforms until reaching the bottom.
"..." Erza glances at Kagura's katana, [Archenemy, on the floor and picks it up. However, it
isn't long before Kagura flies back to her, her injuries nonexistent.
"... you never used your magic since we started fighting, or even your [Style of the Undrawn
Long Sword]. You've just been using your physical strength." Erza said. "Even though you
can't speak, I can sense the conflict inside you. You're fighting Rustyrose's control, but it's
taking too much out of you. It won't be long before the [Negative Chaos Energy] takes you
over completely."
Kagura's blank expression doesn't change but there is a slight twitch in her right hand.
Erza throws [Archenemy] at Kagura and she catches it before summoning a weapon of her
own. It is a greatsword with a tear-drop shaped pommel set with a ruby the size of a small
egg. The hilt was wrapped with silver wire. The blade itself was blood red with a strangelooking black symbol etched on it.
The sword's name is [Ithring]. It was forged by Asmodeus and enchanted by both him and
Irene, multiplying her attack power ten-thousand fold and allows her to better harness [Chaos
Energy].
It is a beautiful sword, there's no questioning it. However, it radiated with so much pain and
bloodlust that it would drive most people away.

Erza, however, was not like most people.
"Come, Kagura." She raises her sword and takes a stance. "It's time to end this. I will set you
free right now!"
With her declaration, Erza charges forward, her armor empowering her with both
Asmodeus' [Chaos Energy] and Irene's [Sage Dragon Slayer Magic], enhancing her to a
level never before seen in this or any world.
Kagura lunges at her opponent, her blade raised as it is enveloped in a dark-blue aura, ready
to deliver a lethal blow.
*SHING!*
In an instant, the two warriors end on opposite ends of where they both used to stand, with
neither of them moving a muscle.
*CLANG!*
Erza's blade falls from her grasp as she takes a knee. She gasps in pain as
her [Aura] completely dissipates and clutches onto her side tightly.
Erza glances back at the standing Kagura. "You've gotten stronger but…"
*Craaaaaack~*
Erza smiles. "I'm afraid this is my win."
*CRACK!*
The upper half of [Archenemy] falls loudly to the metal floor before Kagura falls on all
fours, defeated.
Erza dismisses her armor and slowly stands up. She doesn't let the immense pain on her side
stop her as she approaches her friend.
"I'm so sorry you had to go through this, Kagura. Just wait and Asmodeus-kun will free you
from that monster's control."
"AAAAAAHHHHHHHH!" Kagura suddenly lets out an ear-piercing scream as she tightly
clutches her head before promptly collapsing on the floor, her transformation undone.
"KAGURA!" Erza quickly kneels next to Kagura and checks for a pulse and sighs in relief.
"She's alive, just out cold."
"Whoa." Titania looks up as Ultear and Gamma descend next to her. "Looks like I missed
quite a lot."
"And it was completely worth it." Gamma adds.

Erza turns her attention back to Kagura. "She screamed. I don't know what caused it, Ultear,
but I can tell she was in pain."
"Yeah. I heard them all on my way back." Ultear said.
Just then, Mirajane and Brandish fly towards them carrying both of their respective
opponents.
"Okay, does anyone have any idea what just happened? Why did mom and Minerva suddenly
scream their lungs out like that?" Brandish asks in concern, worried about her mother.
"I think..." Ultear tries to find the words. "I think they're free from his mind control."
"Not that I want to doubt you, Ultear, but are you sure?" Mirajane asks for confirmation.
"You must have sensed the change in their energy by now, Mirajane-san. The oppressive
energy that was smothering their minds is all but gone now." Ultear states. "But the question
right now is what caused it?"
"Maybe it was Asmodeus-sama? This seems like something he'd do." Brandish suggests.
Erza nods. "It's possible, but Asmodeus never displayed such an ability before. And if he did
have it, then why wait until now to use it?"
"She's got a point there." Mira adds.
Brandish rolls her eyes. "Okay fine. But if it wasn't Asmodeus-sama, then who? Because it
can't be Rusty."
"I have detected a powerful pulse of tele-psionic energy originating 59 miles below us and it
is spreading at an accelerated rate." Gamma reveals to the girls.
Ultear gives the AI a look. "And you're only telling us this now because…?"
"You didn't ask." Gamma shrugs. "Hey, knock knock."
"Oh god, not this again." Ultear mutters in exasperation.
Erza arches a red brow. "Who's there?"
"Don't encourage him!" Ultear shrieked.
"You are."
"You are who?"
"You are a dirty dirty Shisno. Ha ha ha." Gamma laughs.
Brandish looks confused. "What the hell is a Shisno? It sounded like an insult."
"That's because it was an insult. He's been telling that joke nonstop." Ultear groaned.

"But really, what does it mean?" Brandish asks again.
"What is the most foul-smelling creature on your planet?" Gamma asks.
"A skunk, I think." Mira replies. "So wait, Shisno means skunk?"
"Not exactly." Gamma said. "Does a skunk defecate?"
"Yes?" Brandish said.
"And does the skunk's defecation in turn produce its own excrement?"
"EW, NO! GOD NO!" Brandish screamed while the other girls looked at the AI with disgust.
"Then there is no equivalent for Shisno in your language." Gamma states.
"Great. Now I can't get the image out of my head." Mira groans as she massages her temples.
"Hey, you asked. And as the saying goes, curiosity killed the cat." Gamma said.
Ultear just lets a tired sigh. "Just go, Gamma."
"Finally. Now I don't have to look at your ugly Shisno faces anymore." Gamma logs off.
Mirajane groaned. "Everyone else Asmodeus-kun has summoned has been incredible. At
least one was bound to be a dud sooner or later."
Gamma then resurfaces. "Hey, I take offense to that. I have been an integral member on this
team."
"Gamma." The AI looks at the glare Ultear is giving him and shuts down.
"Let's just destroy everything here and then return to the [Aincrad]." Erza reminds them,
causing them to nod in understanding.
"I hope you don't mind an extra pair of hands then." The group of four jolt and turn to find
Kushina, Hinata, and Goryu suddenly standing behind them.
"Hi ladies, my name's Kushina Uzumaki." She cracks her fists. "Now let's break some shit!"
Blood Gulch
The box canyon was completely destroyed. The entire ecosystem has changed from rocky
walls and natural cover to a barren wasteland, the smell of ash and brimstone is palpable, for
anyone this would be uninhabitable.
"[Fire Dragon's Brilliant Flame]!" Natsu yells before unleashing it on the overwhelmed
Kiria.
"[Lightning Dragon's Iron Fist]!" Laxus launches the devastating lightning attack at an
unprepared Suzaku.

"[Sky Dragon's Wave Wind]!" Wendy unleashes a massive tornado against a resisting
Misaki who was consumed by the attack.
Once the smoke had dissipated, the three mutated Diabolos mages are seen injured and
unconscious, joining their comrades.
After Georg and Ivan sent the brainwashed and horribly experimented members of Diabolos
after them, the group of Fairy Tail mages worked tirelessly to defeat them. The more unusual
ones, like Haku and Nebaru, proved to be the trickiest, but they were the first to fall. Laxus
took a personal interest in Kirin due to him also using [Lightning Dragon Slayer
Magic, and thanks to the benefits of his [Aura] and [Ki] in conjunction with his magic,
managed to overwhelm him.
Makarov was surprised that one bore a resemblance to and even shared the same name as his
late guild mate, Wraith, but decided to ponder it later, and with some help from Wendy,
managed to defeat him.
Madmole and Skullion Raider proved to be more tenacious given that the former's power
specialized in defense and the latter could become ashes, but Laxus and Makarov managed to
overwhelm Madmole's [Armor Dragon Slayer Magic] eventually while Natsu and Wendy
unleashed a blazing whirlwind that overwhelmed Skullion Raider.
"Hmph, all those enhancements and modifications that made them stronger than ever, and yet
they still lost to these weaklings. As your guildmaster, I couldn't be more ashamed." Georg
coldly says.
"Oh don't give me that, you despicable bastard! Neither of you deserve to be guild masters
after what you've done!" Natsu roared as flames surrounded him.
"Those people may not have been perfect, but they did not deserve this! They trusted you,
followed you regardless of whether it was right or wrong, and this is how you repay them?!"
Wendy cries in anger and horror as tears streamed her face, having realized just how horrific
the experience was if their mutated appearances were any indication.
"Even most dark guilds show more camaraderie to their members than this. Which speaks of
how disgusting you two bastards really are!" Laxus yelled.
Ivan laughs. "You children still don't understand. A guild isn't a family, it's a competition. It is
a place where one can stump everyone and everything in their way until they become the
strongest around. And when you are at the top, you get to command the weaklings below into
doing anything you want."
"Is THAT what you truly believe, Ivan? That might makes right regardless of the
consequences?!"" Makarov replies, becoming more disgusted with his ex-son's words and
actions.
"Wow, he's really a piece of shit isn't he?" Church remarks.

"I really don't know where I went wrong with you, boy. But this ends now!" Makarov's body
bursts with power.
"Guess it time to show you little fairies and those miserable failures how REAL wizards
fight!" Ivan proclaims as his visage became more demonic and dark power began radiating
off of him.
"Yes! In order to become the ultimate Dragon Eater, I had to discard my weak human heart
and become something more, and now I too have become the Four Beasts Dragon God!"
Georg proclaims as he slowly begins to grow in size and become even more draconic in
appearance.
His main body has yellow scales with four different heads: one is a dragon with blue scales,
the other a black tortoise, a fire bird, and finally a white tiger.
Ivan's transformation is more seamless. His body has bulked up, his muscles tearing through
his outfit easily, leaving him with a shredded dress shirt and ripped pants. His skin has
become darker, borderline pitch-black, with spikes growing out of his shoulders, knees and
elbows as well as violet bat-like wings sprouting from his back. His hands and feet turned
into claws with extremely sharp nails. But by far his most profound change is his head, with
his hair becoming an afterthought as the horns on both his forehead and chin take precedence,
leaving him bald. He has violet lines and wrinkles running across both his face and body. His
teeth are pointed and black, and his irises become slitted.
"And I thought he was an ugly fucker before." Church mumbles and vanishes.
"Hey Church, where did ya go!?" Natsu calls out but gets no answer.
"Natsu, you and Wendy handle that Dragon bastard. Gramps and I will take care of this
monster once and for all." Laxus says.
"You got it! We got a score to settle with that bastard anyways!" Natsu says as he, Wendy,
and Laxus enter their Dragon forms while Makarov returns to his Titan size.
"To think you dragon slayers actually underwent [Dragonization]. I'm gonna enjoy
killing and eating your flesh." All four of Georg's heads smirked evilly before eyeing
Wendy. "Though this puny runt barely counts as a morsel."
"I! AM! NOT! PUNY! I'm just petite due to not being fully grown!" Wendy roars in
outrage, before turning to Natsu. "Natsu, let's make quick work of him! I wanna help
others as soon as we can!"
"Fine with me, I'm all fired up!" Natsu says while flaring his wings.
"Yes! Yes! Make this fun for me! It'll make eating you both all that much more
satisfying!" Georg exclaims as he takes to the skies.
Wendy and Natsu quickly fly after him.

"My, I didn't think Laxus-chan would discard his humanity as well to become a dragon!
Yet he complains about me doing it?" Ivan mocks in his new demon form.
"Shut up, you son of a bitch! My [Dragonization] was unintentional unlike you
becoming a LITERAL demon, and only so that I could be strong enough to stop this
madness and protect my friends, as opposed to your selfish lust for power!" Laxus
growled.
"Well, why don't we put our power and ideologies to the test then?" Ivan challenged
before looking at his father. "Though I doubt certain outdated and obsolete fools would
last very long in the face of real monsters!"
Makarov growled. "I may be old, but I am far from obsolete, Ivan. And this old man has
more than a few tricks left up his sleeve to defeat monsters like you!"
Ivan smirks and reappears behind Makarov.
"!?" Makarov jumps just as Ivan is about to impale him, instead his arm plunges into the
ground he was standing on, leveling it from the strength he put into it.
Laxus smacks Ivan with his tail like a baseball, sending him upwards into the sky. He fires a
beam of dark-red lightning at Ivan and it hits, causing a large red explosion that eclipses all
other sources of light.
Everything is silent until a deranged laugh is heard.
"Hahaha! That was great! You really are trying to kill me, Laxus-chan! Daddy is so
proud!" The smoke dissipates to reveal a burned Ivan only for his injuries to instantly heal.
"Tch. So it's gonna be like that, huh? What a drag." Laxus spat.
Ivan raises his hand and charges a familiar spell. "[Soul Extinctor]!" He fires a GIGANTIC
beam of black magic straight at his dragon son.
However, Makarov jumps in between and uses his massive body to shield his grandson from
the blast.
"Gramps!" Laxus screams out.
"I'm fine, Laxus." Makarov said, his body shimmering as his [Aura] took the whole blast.
Ivan just cackles at the sight. "Look at you, the great Makarov Dreyar, the strongest
mage in Ishgar, reduced to this state. Talk about pathetic."
Makarov glares at his ex-son. "Says the man who's willing to kill his own flesh and blood out
of some petty jealousy. Even now, all you've proven is just how far you've fallen Ivan."
Ivan's boastful smile quickly transforms into a sneer. "There you go again with your holier
than thou bullshit. It pisses me off." His nostrils flare as his voice gains a dangerous
edge. "You preach all about family and bonds, thinking about what's best for everyone

and supporting each other. Yet it makes you weak and prevents you from reaching your
full potential, with many failing to truly achieve their dreams and potential, either from
a lack of strength or a 'selfless duty to family'. I had the insight and vision to see what
you could not, the ambition to strive for the best no matter the cost!"
"And look at what has become of you. A rabid animal." Makarov spat out.
"Look what I have risen above. I am one step closer to achieving power that would
make the [Lumen Historia] look like a simple trinket. Soon nothing and no one will stop
me." Ivan boasted.
"If you define yourself by your power to take life. A desire to dominate, to possess, then you
have nothing." Makarov told him.
Ivan sneers at his father. "I'LL SHOW YOU NOTHING!" He dives at incredible speeds,
his sights set on Makarov.
Laxus prepares to intercept when he sees a hand stopping him.
"No, Laxus. I shall end this right now." Makarov solemnly tells him.
Laxus nods as Makarov takes a step forward. He reels his right arm back as he channels all of
his [Max Power] into said limb, becoming a gigantic lump of power and muscle.
"THIS IS WHERE YOU DIE, YOU SENILE MIDGET!" Ivan roars as he dives faster.
"Farewell… my son." Makarov clenches his giant fist tight as his eyes turn sharp. "[Fairy's
Requiem]!" He thrust his fist forward, unleashing a massive compressed beam of light
straight at the sky.
"!" Ivan has no time to dodge or even scream as he is immediately swallowed by the beam
and absolutely torn apart at a molecular level!
Makarov lets out a tired sigh as he reverts back to normal. "I'm sorry, but you left me no
choice, Ivan. Your sins were too great, your actions too unforgivable, even for your own
family. If there was truly any good left in you, then may you hopefully find peace and
atonement in the afterlife."
Laxus stares at the sky, not saying a word. There was nothing left of his father, not even a
scent.
'It really is over, isn't it?' An air of melancholy surrounded Laxus. Despite everything Ivan
has done, he didn't understand why he felt sad. Maybe there was still a part of him that still
loved the man Ivan used to be, before he became this thing that wore his face.
"Laxus?" The dragon looks down at his grandfather, his only family. "You alright, my boy?"
"Yeah, yeah." Laxus said absently. "I should go and check on Natsu and Wendy.
Hopefully they left me some action."

Makarov watches his grandson fly to the heavens in silence.
"It's hard, isn't it? Even though he was a piece of shit, he was still family. I should know."
Epsilon, in the form of Agent Carolina, said. "His actions shouldn't define who you are. Just
gives you the starting point on who you're going to be."
Makarov looks at his partner AI briefly before his attention turns to the sounds of explosions
and flashes of light in the sky.
"I may have failed to save you from your dark path, Ivan, but I will not fail the rest of our
family." Makarov says solemnly as he heads in the direction of the dragon fight.
Meanwhile
We see Church's "ghost" wandering around the wasteland. Unbeknownst to him, two familiar
flying cats can be seen in the distance following him.
"Hey. Why are we following him again?" Happy asks Carla.
"We aren't really." Carla corrected him. "The battle flung us off somewhere far and we
crashed. When we came to, we didn't know where we were and then we saw Church and
decided to follow."
"Oh. Right." Happy agrees.
"You know. If you're trying to sneak up on someone, you should do it without making so
much noise." Church's voice caught the two cats off guard.
"Wait, you knew we were following you?!" Carla said. "Then why didn't you say anything?!"
"I dunno. I'm still trying to wrap my head around the fact there are flying talking cats here.
But I'm a ghost, so who am I to judge?" Church shrugs.
Carla's brows furrowed. "For the last time, you're not a ghost. You're an AI, a computer."
"Yeah, and you're just a figment of my imagination. Now shut the fuck up and get over here."
Church grumbles.
"Such a potty mouth. Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?" Carla said.
"I'm an orphan, so no." Church said.
The trio continue their tread through the canyon until they find something.
"Hey, what's that?" Happy points to a structure in the distance.
"No way." He runs towards and finds what looks to be an army outpost, a very familiar one.
"It's the Blue base! I can't believe it's still here."
"You know this place?" Carla asks.

"Yeah. Me and my team were stationed here to fight the Reds, until we found out that we
were all used in simulated battles without our knowledge. We weren't even real soldiers, just
test dummies." Church sighs. "C'mon, let's head inside."
Church and the cats go inside and the "ghost" can't help but feel nostalgic as he takes in his
surroundings.
"It's exactly the same, to a T, except cleaner. I wonder if Caboose's old peeing spot is still
there." Church then turns a corner and finds nothing. "Guess not."
"Hey! I think I found something." He turns and sees Happy floating above an opening on the
floor.
"Huh. Never seen that before." He descends downwards and finds a dark room.
"Shit, it's too dark. Where the hell are the lights?" As if answering his question, the room's
lights turn on.
"Hey! There's the rune right there!" Happy points his paw to the glowing archaic rune
graffitied on the wall.
Church moves deeper into the chamber and finds himself frozen in place by what he sees.
"Oh. My. God." Church said.
"[Unison Raid: Scorching Inferno]!" Natsu and Wendy proclaimed together as they
unleashed a combination of fire and wind that even Georg in his Dragon form couldn't
withstand and was subsequently blasted away.
"You little brats! All you're doing is getting on my nerves! It'll take more than that to
beat me, the devourer of all dragons!" Georg roars.
However, before he can retaliate, he is struck in the back by a powerful bolt of red lightning.
"Try eating that, you gluttonous cannibal!" Laxus mocked as he flew next to Natsu and
Wendy.
"Laxus!" The two dragon slayers exclaim happily at the sight of their comrade.
Georg's four heads click their tongues.
"So, Ivan's dead. Oh well, more meat for me!" Georg charges at the three dragons.
Wendy enchants Natsu and Laxus as they quickly intercept the mad dragon slayer and grab
him by his four heads.
"Let me go, you brats!" Georg's dragon head demands.

"Oh? What do you think, Natsu? Should we let him go?" Laxus asks Natsu with an evil
smirk.
Natsu sports a similar smirk. "Sure. Why not?"
Laxus and Natsu simultaneously let Georg go while he was resisting, causing him to fly
backwards and leave him unprepared as the duo dragons punch all 4 heads, causing him to
rocket towards the ground.
Wendy quickly flew to Natsu and Laxus' side.
"Let's finish this creep off! Together!" Natsu tells the others, who nodded in agreement as
they charged their magic, [Aura, and [Ki] simultaneously of their respective elements.
"[Triple Unison Raid: Dragon's Firestorm]!" Natsu, Wendy, and Laxus roar
simultaneously as they unleash a devastating blast of their three elements together at their
disoriented foe. By the time Georg got his bearings together to look at the upcoming attack, it
was already far too late.
The attack collides and Georg screams in agony. The momentum from the blast sends him
spiraling down and crashing to the surface like a meteor.
"Ahahaha! Impressive power! It even broke through my impenetrable scales!" Georg's
grin widens. "More. SHOW ME MORE OF YOUR POWER!"
The three dragons descend on the crater and watch as Georg slowly gets up, his wounds
already healing.
"Dammit! Why won't this prick just die already!?" Natsu screams in frustration.
"If he's anything like Ivan, we need to destroy his body without leaving a trace. That's
how gramps did it anyway." Laxus states.
Just then, a rainbow-colored beam of pure energy blasts Georg back, causing him to fall on
his feet.
"Hope I'm not too late for the party." The three dragons turn to see a familiar large bearded
dragon descending.
"Gramps!/Elefseria-san!" Natsu and Wendy said.
"Where have you been!?" Laxus yelled.
"Can't an old man arrive fashionably late? It's what the youngsters do
nowadays." Elefseria said.
Laxus sweat drops. "You're joking, right?"
"He does have a point." Natsu adds.

"Don't encourage him." Laxus groaned.
"Hahaha!" The four dragons turn to the rising Georg. "You fools cannot kill me! I AM
IMMORTAL!"
"Trust me when I say this boy, there is no such thing as an immortal. Only a man who's
too afraid to die." Elefseria states.
Just then, Georg stops his boast as he hears something.
"Hey, do you guys hear that?" Natsu asks.
"It kind of sounds like… a vehicle."
"Is that music?" Wendy said.
"YYEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!" Everyone turns to see Church
driving in a futuristic military jeep while blasting Mexican music with Happy and Carla
sitting in the backseats. "MISSED ME ASSHOLES!?"
"CHURCH!?" Natsu screams in surprise. "Where have you been!?"
"Oh you know, getting lost in the road of life and shit." Church says, driving donuts around
Georg.
"This music is awful!" Carla yells.
"I love it!" Happy said.
"How are you driving? You're a ghost!" Wendy said.
"I found this body in an abandoned outpost along with tons of cool crap. Including this
Warthog!" Church chirped happily.
"Foolish weakling! DIE!" Georg tries to stump on the jeep with his massive foot.
"Whoa!" Church turns the wheel left and right, making the Warthog take sharp turns as it
evades the massive foot.
"P-Please stop moving around s-o much!" A dizzy Carla manages to blur out.
"Whee!" Happy cheers as he is having the time of his life.
Suddenly, everyone feels a massive burst of energy coming from close by followed by violent
tremors.
"What the heck was that!?" Natsu screams, clearly freaking out.
"I don't know, but I feel that this energy is familiar…" Laxus mused.

"Yeah. I just hope they're friendly." A scared Wendy said, feeling the cold and dark energy
washing over her.
"Grr! Stay still, bug!" Georg stumps the ground faster in order to flatten them, unaware of
what just happened.
He manages to stumble close to the vehicle and the resulting shockwave causes Church to
lose control and crash on a nearby rock in a fiery explosion.
Georg laughs but notices something and looks up to find not only that annoying blue human
and those cats alive, but flying and holding some kind of weapon in his hands.
"Say hello to my little friend!" He fires his Type-25 Grenade Launcher, or better known as
the [Brute Shot] at one of the heads, blinding it before doing the same to two more.
"GUAAAHHH!" Georg screams in pain.
The [Brute Shot] vanishes from Church's hands and is replaced with a double-barreled
rocket launcher.
"Have some of this!" He fires rockets after rockets. "And this! And maybe this too!"
"Enough!" Georg fires a torrent of blue flames from his dragon head at the trio, but they
avoid it with relative ease.
"Haha! You missed us, lizard breath!" Church taunts.
"You think a mere armored human and two cats with wings can defeat the devourer of
all Dragons?!" Georg growled in annoyance.
"We don't need to defeat you, you turd blossom! We just needed to distract you!" Happy
proclaims.
His eyes widening in realization, he turns his attention back to the four Dragon Slayers, and
to his horror, they were charging another [Unison Raid] that possessed FAR greater Magic
Power, [Aura, and [Ki] than the last one.
"[Four-Way Unison Raid: Annihilation Blast]!" The four Dragon Slayers yelled
simultaneously before unleashing a combined blast of their respective elements resembling
the focused power of a Sun traveling at lightning speed.
Georg knew the moment they unleashed their attack, it was too late for him, and was
subsequently fully engulfed in the blast.
*KA-BOOM!*
A massive explosion follows, engulfing everything and everyone; it can be seen from space.
When the explosion settles, Church, Carla, and Happy find themselves in Wendy's protective
embrace.

"W-Wendy?" Carla calls out her friend.
Wendy looks at the three and gives them a motherly smile, similar to the one her mother
expressed.
"I'm glad to see you all alright." Wendy says with tenderness and love.
Happy, Carla, and Church blush (AN: Can an AI even blush?) at the sincerity in the
dragoness' words. It was the kind a mother would say to a child, which is ironic considering
she is one of the youngest in the guild.
But it felt right when they came from her.
"Is this what it's like to have motherly affection? Just glad the others aren't here to see this!"
Church wonders outloud.
"Guess again!" Epsilon Tucker says.
"Fuck!" Church swears.
Laxus, Elefseria and Natsu watch the massive crater of artificial rock and molten metal, their
combined attack having melted through the earth and buried itself into the metal beneath,
thus creating a gigantic scorch mark that can be seen from the other end of the ring.
However, their attention is purely focused on Georg Reizen, still alive and back in his human
form, before leaping from the bottom and landing right in front of the three dragons.
"Ahahaha… you impress me. Your power has such synergy it's almost like they're one in the
same. It broke through my scales. You called it a [Unison Raid] right? Very fitting." Georg
remarks.
The dragons stare as Georg's psychotic smirk returns full throttle.
"But that just makes you all the more delectable! I can't wait to eat all of your meat! I'll even
eat the bones if it means I'll become stronger!" Georg screams out.
*Beep*
A loud beeping noise freezes Georg in his tracks before he looks down at the collar around
his neck beginning to glow.
"No… No, I can still do this! I just need more time!" Georg yelled.
*Beep* *Beep*
The Dragon Eater starts sweating profusely. "Please sir! I almost defeated them! Please give
me more time!"
*Beep* *Beep* *Beep* Beep*

"NO! NO-GAAAAAAH!" Georg screams as his body starts to deform and swell, growing
bigger and bigger by the second.
*BEEEEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPP~* *BOOM!*
Georg explodes into a gory mess of blood and skin, bits of his organs and blood rain down
dying the ground he was standing on.
The trio were shocked, to say the least.
Well, Laxus and Elefseria are at least. Natsu was mostly annoyed.
"He tanked all of our attacks, yet it was a damn collar that did him in?! I'm split
between being horrified and frustrated." An annoyed Natsu manages to say.
"My monster of an old man wore a similar collar. They likely got them from that
bastard Rusty. Even if Georg deserved to die the worst kind of death, Rusty is no better
given that he does things like this." Laxus says in disgust.
"All the more reason to stop him once and for all." Makarov's voice draws their attention as
they see him approaching. "Let's grab the members of Diabolos and regroup with the others."

Chapter 31: Fairy Tail Finale: Ragnarök Part 2
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
Chun-Li and her allies fight with everything they have against the brainwashed heroes they
are currently facing.
Each of them were exceptional heroes even under normal circumstances, but their
enhancements only made them more dangerous.
Laura was the first to go down, mostly because Chun-Li warned how she was typically the
most tenacious due to her healing factor and the fact that her Adamantium Claws could cut
through essentially anything with ease in conjunction with her exceptional melee skills.
Gajeel seemed eager to test this with his [Iron Dragon Scales, but luckily Diana recognized
the real danger from Chun-Li's voice, and using a combination of her [Bracelets of
Submission] to block the claws and her own combat prowess, Laura was ultimately knocked
out.
Panther Lily eagerly engaged in a swordfight with Psylocke, though it was made all the more
trickier due to her precognitive and telekinetic capabilities, as evident by how she seemed to
predict his moves and throwing debris at him, but thankfully she couldn't use her incredible
telepathic capabilities to mess with everyone's minds due to Rusty's brainwashing stripping
her free will and undermining its effectiveness. With some help from Gajeel and occasional
intervention by Seilah with her [Macro] to lock her movements, Psylocke was ultimately
knocked unconscious as well.
But the real challenge lay ahead, given the four remaining heroes were arguably the most
dangerous of them all.
"Hey Diana, are all heroes THIS challenging?!" Gajeel asked as he dodged a massive
lightning bolt shot at him by Storm who was flying in the air and managed to conjure a giant
storm in the treasury room for reasons no one understood.

"Only the really good ones, and if what Chun-Li said is true, this is only the tip of the
Iceberg!" Diana says as she and Chun-Li were fighting back-to-back against both She-Hulk
and Ms. Marvel simultaneously. She quickly reflected an energy blast from Ms. Marvel with
her bracelets before using her [Lasso of Truth] to restrain the disoriented hero.
"Believe me, you haven't seen anything yet, especially since She-Hulk is here!" Chun-Li
yells, having activated both [Ultra Instinct] and [Kaio-Ken] to fight the female Gamma
Mutate to evade and counter her endless strength.
"Considering this 'Rogue' girl here has access to all of their abilities, I'm debating if She-Hulk
is truly the most dangerous!" Seilah says in her Etherious Form, facing off the Mutant who
had used her power to gain the abilities of her comrades without weakening them. Rogue was
flying in the air, her hands charged with Ms. Marvel's energy abilities and bone versions of
Laura's claws protruding from her knuckles, while being surrounded by an aura of lightning
and psionic energy.
"We should consider it lucky that Seilah was able to boost all of us
with [Enchantments] and [Chaos Energy, or else we would be overwhelmed too easily."
Panther Lily while he and Gajeel were charging their various forms of power while staring
off against Storm, who surrounded herself in a vortex of lightning, wind, and [Negative
Chaos Energy].
"Hero or not, they're pawns of Rustyrose and we will stop them." Gajeel says while
entering [Iron Shadow Dragon Mode]. "Lily, I need a distraction!"
"Got it!" The warrior Exceed raises his greatsword and charges at Storm.
The Omega-level Mutant waves her hand and launches thunderbolts at Panther Lily, who
dodges them with ease thanks to [Mind's Eye].
He then uses Tien's [Multi-Form] technique and splits himself into four copies and leaps
high above to reach her.
"Haaaa!" The clones all let out a cry and swing their swords down at Storm's head.
*Clang!*
Only for the Exceed's eyes to widen as his blade is caught by a CLOUD just before the attack
can connect.
The cloud then begins to shift and change until it becomes a gray version of Storm with eyes
surging with tremendous power.
The cloud clone delivers a thunder punch at Panther Lily's face and blasts him away with the
power of thunder.
*BOOM!*
Everyone watches Lily crash into the wall, leaving a massive crater and burying him in place.

Behind her, a pair of eyes can be seen coming from her shadow as a familiar figure leaps out
with an iron blade coated in shadows.
"[Iron Shadow Dragon's Iron Slash]!" Gajeel thrusts his sword arm hoping to impale her
but is stopped by a whirlwind and flown back.
The whirlwind transforms into a large clone of Storm as it changes into a tornado with Gajeel
still inside.
"!" Gajeel grabs his throat as his lungs collapse from the vacuum, leaving him to suffocate
and unable to escape.
"Gah!" Diana groans as She-Hulk bashes her head to the metal floor as he pins her down,
unable to move. Her [Lasso of Truth] wrapped tightly around She-Hulk's jaw as she tried to
bite it through.
"She-Hulk… tell me how to stop this." Diana asks as she feels her head getting crushed.
"Please…!"
Suddenly, the brainwashed Gamma mutate's grip loosens and Diana glances up to see light
returning in her opponent's eyes.
"You… you need to kill us all." She-Hulk mutters in a distorted voice. "We have to die…
to save the multiverse."
Diana narrows her eyes. "No, I refuse to believe that! My husband has already freed seven
other victims, he can do the same for all of you. There has to be another way, you must
know!"
"No… other way… multiverse… important." She-Hulk struggles to say. "Our universe…
all gone…because of them. Don't…condemn others… their madness."
Diana's eyes widened in horror at She-Hulk's words. The universe they came from is now
gone? The same one Chun-Li and her other friends came from?!
'Irene was right. Just when we think he can't get any worse, Rustyrose finds new ways to
prove us wrong! But now he destroys entire universes?!' Diana bites her lower lip in anger
and frustration.
"I am truly sorry for what happened to your universe, but right now you need to fight this,
She-Hulk!" Diana pleads, before remembering something her husband told her. "She-Hulk,
the modifications you were forced to endure have given you access to [Chaos Energy, which
responds to the thoughts and desires of the user! Use whatever willpower you have left with
it to free yourself from Rustyrose's spell!"
She-Hulk grits her teeth and concentrates, red lightning dances around her body as she tries
to fight the metal conditioning.
"It hurts… it hurts so much…!" She-Hulk yelled.

"Don't give up! Keep going!" Diana encouraged as the lasso glows brightly.
She-Hulk begins to glow as green and it glows brighter.
"Nobody… COMMANDS SHE-HULK!" She roars as her body lets out a green wave of
energy before taking a knee in exhaustion.
Diana slowly gets up from the crater and makes her way towards the Gamma mutate.
"Are… you okay?" Diana slowly asks.
She-Hulk slowly raises her head and through the ocean of thick green hair, the Amazon sees
a pair of emerald green eyes and a smile.
"Yeah… just tired. And a bit hungry." She-Hulk says with a smile. "And my name's Jennifer
Walters."
Diana smiles back.
*CRASH!*
Diana and She-Hulk turn to see Seilah being pinned against the wall by a transformed Rogue.
"Holy shit. Since when can she do that?" A bewildered She-Hulk asks before turning to the
readers. "Can I do that? That'd actually be pretty cool..."
Diana looks as sees Ms. Marvel charging towards them like a rocket.
The Princess of Themyscira readies herself when a green arm stops her.
"Go. Help your friends, I got the girl scout." She-Hulk said.
"But," Diana was about to interject before Chun-Li flying in and hits Ms. Marvel in with a
divine-powered flying kick.
"GO NOW!" She-Hulk screams at Diana and the Amazon quickly rushes away.
"Sorry about that," the female Gamma mutate cracks her knuckles as Chun-Li lands next to
her. "Now, where were we?"
Ms. Marvel glares at the two fighters before her body erupts with more [Negative Chaos
Energy].
Diana flies towards Storm as she charges an electrical storm and fires it at the Amazon,
resulting in a powerful explosion.
However, this doesn't deter Diana as she flies through the smoke, her [Aura] having taken
the full-force of the blast.
The brainwashed X-Woman prepares another attack only for Diana to fly past her as she
moves towards her true target: Gajeel.

The dragon slayer ran out of breath long ago and, by all accounts, should be dead, but his
willpower allowed him to stay conscious long enough to reach out as Diana enters the vortex
and pulls Gajeel and herself out before colliding with the pile of gold ahead of them, their
bodies sliding down in a wave of treasure as they regain their breath.
"Gah! Hah! What… took you so long!?" An air-deprived Gajeel yells at Diana.
"I was busy fighting Jennifer and Ms. Marvel." Diana says, also trying to regain her breath.
"Speaking of, I freed her with my lasso, so maybe the same is possible for the others."
"Great, cool. You think you can do the same for her?" Gajeel and Diana look to see Storm
menacingly looking down at the duo.
She extends her hand out and coats them with lighting, the lightning then extending until they
touch the ground, effectively turning her arms into a pair of whips.
"... oh fuck." Diana cursed.
Storm slashes her electrical whips at them.
"Oh shit!" Gajeel grabs Diana and the two jump off the pile of gold just as the whips collide,
causing the mountain to light up like a christmas tree.
"That was too close." Gajeel remarks. "Another second and we would have been deep fried.
And not the tasty kind."
Storm dismisses her whips before clapping her hands together, surprising the two.
"What is she-?" But Gajeel's question is quickly answered by what he saw next.
Blue, dense energy begins to surge out of Storm and rises above her like a cloud.
"Is that… plasma?" Diana said, recognizing the fourth state of matter.
The plasma that Storm had generated had mixed with the clouds to create a supercharged
thunderstorm that was becoming increasingly more dangerous with every passing moment.
"This is not good. The lightning bolts she can unleash with plasma will be far more
devastating than anything she has used before. She might actually destroy this entire Halo
Ring with everyone on it." Diana says grimly.
"Wouldn't she die too if that were the case?!" Gajeel incredulously asks.
"Knowing Rustyrose and his blatant disregard for others, it wouldn't be surprising if he
programmed his victims to defeat their enemies by any means, even if they have to sacrifice
themselves to do it." Diana says as copies of Storm emerged from the clouds, to their
surprise.
"She can create copies now?! Just great, this is like Aldoron and his damn God Seeds all over
again!" Gajeel growls in annoyance.

The plasma copies all charges at the duo at the speed of, well, light.
"[Iron Dragon Reaver]!" Gajeel takes a deep breath and releases it as a powerful airflow at
a group of copies, causing them to dissolve in an instant.
Diana raises both arms up high and conjures two large razor-sharp discs of golden ki. "
[Double Destructo Discs]!" She throws them both at the clones and slices through them, the
clash of energies causes the clones to explode.
The Storm clones all fire beams of plasma at the two, but they're able to dodge them as they
press on towards the original as she creates more plasma clones.
"We have to stop her. Or else this'll never end." Gajeel said. "Use that lasso thing on her!"
Diana takes out her lasso and throws it at Storm, hitting true. However, before the lasso can
do its job, the brainwashed Mutant sends a powerful electrical charge through the lasso and
directly at Diana.
"AAAAAHHHHHH!" Diana screams as she is electrocuted.
"DIANA!" Gajeel tries to help her but is pinned by Storm's plasma clones before they all
detonate in a powerful explosion.
From the smoke, a metal hand stabs into the floor as Gajeel pulls himself out of the smoke,
his scales protecting from the blast but left him burned. He sees something green fly in and
crash into Wonder Woman, causing her to let go of her lasso as the figure is revealed to be
none other than She-Hulk.
He then glances to the far end of the room where he sees Seilah back to her human form,
barely holding on to life as Rogue drains her remaining lifeforce.
*THUD!*
Gajeel turns to see Chun-Li on the ground, her body strained to the point of exhaustion and
near death due to using two powerful, but draining techniques at the same time. Ms. Marvel
flying above them like some sort of angel of death.
'Damn it, this can't be how it ends!' Gajeel thought in frustration. 'Please… it can't end like
this!'
"And it won't. I promise you that."
"W-What..!?" Gajeel mutters at hearing the female voice coming from nowhere. "Wh-who-"
"GAAAAAHHHHHH!"
Gajeel turns to see Ms. Marvel clutching her head and screaming in pain. It wasn't just her as
Storm, Rogue, Laura, and Psylocke were all screaming in agony.
"Wh-what's going on!?" Gajeel asks nobody.

"That's Jean Grey's psychic wave. She is transmitting it throughout the facility."
Gajeel turns to see Power Girl descending along with what looks like a group of armored
angels by her side.
"Who… are you?" Gajeel struggles to say.
"My name's Karen Starr. But you call me Power Girl if you like." Karen says with a beautiful
smile.
Gajeel, however, was staring at the open hole in her white leotard, showing off her ample
cleavage.
Karen sees this and covers the hole with her arms. "My eyes are up here, mister." Her eyes
glow bright red. She was usually proud of her looks and was accustomed to stares even if it
was a little annoying at times, but after her experiences with Rustyrose, she was currently
feeling a bit more defensive than usual.
"Ah c'mon, don't be such a prude, girl scout." She looks up to Juri-Han slowly being brought
down by a group of reapers, who hold her by her arms and feet as well as Cammy White who
is helped down by another angel knight.
"While there's no denying that Rusty is the king of all scum, there's also no denying we're all
far more gorgeous and sexy than ever before~" Juri says while flaunting her impressive
curves and J-cup breasts
"Knock it off, Juri. We have work to do." Cammy told her.
"Tch. Yeah, yeah. You never let me have fun." Juri waved at her dismissively.
"Because when you have fun, it always ends with someone dead."
"Aw, but that's the best part!" Juri pouts.
The two land and Cammy quickly makes her way to Chun-Li's side while Juri lets out a
whistle as she looks around.
"Goddamn, that's a lot of gold. I could buy myself all of China a thousand times over with
this amount." Juri remarks before turning to Power Girl. "Although, I am a bit envious that
you, Hinata, and Kushina got the best figures."
"My appearance hasn't actually changed at all. I looked like this even before Rustyrose
kidnapped me." Power Girl admitted.
This causes Juri's eye to twitch in annoyance. "Fuckin' girl scout."
Cammy pulls out the bag she had strapped on and takes out a [Senzu Bean]. "Here. Eat this."
Chun-Li slowly opens her mouth and eats the magic bean. Her eyes shoot wide open as she
feels her stamina returning and her wounds healed.

Chun-Li stands up, surprising the newcomers by how effective the bean was.
"Damn, he was not joking when he said they were magic." Juri murmurs.
"Cammy, Juri! Thank goodness you're all okay!" Chun-Li hugs her old friend before
separating. "But how are you here?"
"Asmodeus sent us and all the other girls he rescued from that scumbag to help you guys and
cause havoc for Rusty and Towa." Cammy explains.
"Asmodeus?! My husband sent you guys?! Is he okay?!" Chun-Li asked out of concern,
shocking the trio.
"Hold up, husband?! You got married!?" Juri exclaims. "And to that powerful and sexy stud
no less?! Damn it, you are one lucky bitch." She grumbled.
"I have to say, I'm surprised to hear you got married, Chun-Li. Considering most guys were
only interested in our looks or were intimidated by our skills and success, I thought we would
all be single forever. But congrats." Cammy says, though there was a tone of jealousy even
she couldn't fully keep out of her voice, which Chun-Li noticed.
"It's not just me. There are other girls, like Diana and Seilah over there, who are also his
wives." Chun-Li says while gesturing to her recovering comrades who also received [Senzu
Beans] thanks to Power Girl.
"Really?! He's got an actual harem?!"
"Yeah. And it's fine if you girls are interested in him, none of us mind sharing as he is
undeniably an amazing guy like no other who always makes time for each of us and goes out
of his way to treat us well."
"Good then, I was looking forward to some competition." Juri says with a smirk.
"I was honestly planning on pursuing him as well, so that's reassuring to hear." Power Girl
admits before looking at Diana. "It's great to see you again, Diana. And congrats, by the way,
on being married. Honestly, if Asmodeus wasn't open to multiple partners, I'd be incredibly
jealous of you."
"I honestly wouldn't blame you. Asmodeus has that sort of effect on women." Diana replies
in understanding.
"So," Everyone turns to a healed Gajeel. "What now?"
Just then, everyone feels an explosion of energy coming from seemingly above them as the
entire room shakes violently.
The quakes then soon stop, leaving everyone frozen by what just happened.
"What the hell!?" Juri yells in shock.

Gajeel turns to Chun-Li. "You felt that?"
Chun-Li nods. "I did. That was Cell's power, without a doubt."
"Yes, but it felt different. It was darker, more oppressive." Diana adds.
"Cell?" Power Girl, along with the other newcomers, were confused.
"Seriously? Who names themselves after a cell? That's kind of stupid." Juri remarks.
"I'll be sure to let him know when we run into him." Gajeel stands up and stretches his limbs.
"So now what?"
"Now," Juri cracks her neck, her left eye glowing a menacing purple. "We make some
chaos!"
"Gah!" Xeno Vegeta grunts after he and Xeno Goku are blown away by Cumber, his [Evil
Ki] radiating off him in waves.
"How is Cumber this much stronger than last time?! We've only gotten stronger since then,
yet he's toying with us even at [Super Saiyan 4]?!" Xeno Vegeta screams in frustration.
"Remember what Asmodeus and his friends warned us about? Towa and Rustyrose must
have done all sorts of experiments on them and that we should expect all sorts of surprises."
Xeno Goku reminds him.
"And I'm guessing this is the 'surprise' they were talking about?" Xeno Vegeta grumbled.
"Guess so." Xeno Goku glances at his partner. "Ready?"
"Hmph." Xeno Vegeta smirks before the two let out a battle cry and charge towards Cumber.
Meanwhile, Cell was engaging in intense aerial combat with Super 17, making sure to avoid
using [Ki] based techniques due to Super 17's energy absorption capabilities. Super 18 was
left to deal with Omega Shenron.
"Tch, I don't know how much of this is your actual power and how much is from
modifications from those two rats." Cell scoffed.
"Less complaining and more fighting, Cell!" 18 says, having gotten close to him after putting
some distance from Omega Shenron. "Or would you prefer to face Omega Shenron while I
deal with 17?"
"Oh hell no. 17 is mine!" Cell yells as he transforms into his platinum form.
Both Super 17 and Omega Shenron appeared together, facing off against their opponents and
charging simultaneously in clear coordination.

"Goddamnit, as much as I hate to say it, we need to work together to defeat both of them, or
we'll each be overwhelmed individually!" 18 growls.
"Ha! I don't need a team up, and why would you work with me? I thought you hated me."
Cell mocked.
"Believe me, I don't like this at all and I still hate your guts for everything you've done, but
unlike you, I can put aside my pride for the greater good. Not to mention I know for a fact
that Asmodeus explicitly prohibited you from abandoning or betraying any allies, including
me, so I know you can't backstab me. Unless you WANT to be Rusty and Towa's plaything,
or do I need to tell Asmodeus you rejected working together after all of this?" 18 questions,
causing Cell to grumble.
"Fine, let's just get this over with." Cell replied.
The two charge at their respective opponents. Super 17 places both of his hands forward and
fires a barrage of small yellow energy waves straight for Cell, but the Perfect Android simply
conjures two ki swords on hands and slashes through them, exploding behind him as he gets
closer.
Super 18 flickers behind Omega Shenron and delivers a Double Ax Handle to his back before
kneeing him in the stomach and finishes it with a spinning kick to the face, sending the dark
dragon flying.
Omega Shenron ends up crashing against Super 17, which Cell immediately takes advantage
of by using his Ki swords to unleash a flurry of energy slashes against the two, leaving them
with a lot of gaping wounds. Cell also makes sure to slash off one of 17's hands, not only
restricting his ability to fight but also depriving him of one of his two energy absorption
devices in his palms.
"Like I said, you are just a piece of scrap while I am the true Ultimate Android. Only reason
you are still alive is because of your remaining energy absorber and your enhancements."
Cell admonishes him.
Omega swats 17 aside and fires green beams from his eyes at Cell, freezing most of his body
in an instant.
"Why you little-" Cell doesn't finish as the Shadow Dragon rushes him while his body emits
extreme heat before bursting into supernova-like explosion that pushes Cell back before
trapping him in a whirlwind that launches him into the sky as he is bombarded with wind
blades before beams of electricity shoot from the sky and engulf Cell in an explosion.
The smoke dissipates revealing half of Cell's body gone but instead of being in pain, he just
smirks.
"Thanks for the pick-me-up. I got a real charge out of that one." Cell quickly regenerates as
his body starts emitting negative energy similar to Omega's. "Now let's see how you like the
taste of your own medicine!"

Cell then unleashes a flurry of Ki blasts all around Omega Shenron, who instinctively covers
his face to block, only to realize he hasn't been hit. When Omega Shenron looks around, he
sees he is surrounded by dozens of orbs of Ki.
"[Minus Hellzone Grenade]!" Cell says before all the orbs all strike Omega Shenron from
every angle, engulfing him in a massive explosion.
Unbeknownst to Cell, Super 17 regains his bearings and prepares to grab Cell and absorb his
energy, only for his hand to be cut off by a [Destructo Disc, courtesy of Super 18.
"I don't know if you're still in there, 17, but if you are, I promise I will save you from this."
18 said.
"Hmph, perhaps. But I have another idea."
"!" Super 17 turns only to Cell's stinger to expand and captures him before proceeding to
quickly suck him in and subsequently digested.
Immediately, Cell begins to breathe heavily, his pupils contract and his body starts to
unnaturally expand. His body starts to glow bright with [God Ki, pulsing uncontrollably as
the entire area begins to shake.
"HAAAAAAAAAA!" Cell's body explodes in a black pillar of energy, rising high to the
point it can be seen from space.
The pillar subsides and Cell is shown to not have changed much, except now his body's
sporting a metallic black instead of platinum.
"Meet [Black Cell]." Cell states with his trademark smirk. Power can be seen shooting off
his body as a dark purple aura envelops him. "Don't blink."
Cell suddenly disappears and reappears before the disoriented Omega Shenron before
suddenly sending him flying with a powerful kick that he intercepts via Instant Transmission
and launching a flurry of attacks from different teleported locations. After testing his power,
Cell decides to immediately finish off the Shadow Dragon with a close range Ki blast that
completely incinerates Omega Shenron.
"This power is incredible!" Cell cackles, before looking at Xeno Goku and Vegeta fighting
Super Saiyan Cumber. "And to think I'm just warming up, but might as well make this quick
so we can participate in the REAL fight soon."
Cell suddenly appears a few feet from Cumber before grabbing his head and incinerating it
with a point-blank Ultimate Masenko, surprising the time traveling Saiyan duo.
"What the hell, Cell?! We had it under control, you damn bug!" Xeno Vegeta snapped.
"And what's with your new look and your power?" Xeno Goku cautiously asks, feeling the
absurd pressure he's emitting.

"Just a new form I gained from absorbing that poser, Super 17. I'm calling it [Black
Cell, given the clear similarities to Frieza's own transformation." Cell proclaims.
"Cell, you bastard!" 18's angry voice draws the attention of the three. "I can't believe you
absorbed 17 like that, again! Even killing him would've been more merciful!"
"I'm supposed to be the Ultimate Android, and I have once again proven it. And we're on the
clock to save the multiverse, remember?" Cell reminds her, causing 18 to grit her teeth in
anger.
"This isn't over, Cell. Asmodeus will never let you get away with this!" 18 yells.
"Sure whatever. I'm still not apologizing." Cell dismisses.
The two Saiyans then power down.
"We can deal with this another time. For now, let's just complete our mission to help stop
Rustyrose and Towa." Xeno Goku reminds everyone, getting reluctant nods from everyone.
"Wait, the fight's over already?" Everyone turns to see two figures flying towards them. The
first is a very beautiful woman that exudes a presence that can only be described as "tough".
She is tall, about as tall as Cell, with a lean and muscular build yet it helped enhance her
womanly curves. She's fair-skinned and has a small mole below her bottom lip, centered to
the right, and sharp, intelligent eyes with long eyelashes. Her hair's dark and straight, kept
shoulder-length, with the exception of a clump of short bangs hanging above her forehead,
and was usually styled in a half-up-half-down bun.
Her outfit consists of a dark, sleeveless bodysuit with a high collar that tightly clings onto her
body, particularly around her wipe hips and large J-cup breasts, with yellow elbow-length
gloves, and white knee-high boots. Around her waist was a belt with an angular golden
buckle, a small cape attached around the back which hung down to her knees, and over her
shoulders was a longer cape, buttoned to the shoulders of her bodysuit.
The second is a fairly young girl, about 17 give or take, with orange hair and short light
brown hair fastened with a white headset with horn-like protrusions and orange ear
protectors. Her outfit consists of a tight orange battle leotard with an opening in her navel
with an armored orange miniskirt with white frills attached fastened with a black belt that
clung to her hourglass figure and J-cup breasts that were a clear sign of Rustyrose's
experiments given her young age, orange shorts and yellow/black metal horns poking from
her back. She wears a pair of large orange/white gauntlets that go up to her forearms as well
as a pair of orange/white jet boots, and a long white scarf that reaches her ankles.
"Aw, and I wanted to kick some serious ass after everything Rustyrose and Towa did!" The
2nd newcomer, Hibiki Tachibana, whined.
"Don't worry, Hibiki-chan. There will be plenty of ass-kicking to come!" The first woman
reassures her before looking at the others. "Hi, my name's Nana Shimura. Asmodeus sent us
to support you guys and cause havoc for Rustyrose!"

"And I'm Hibiki Tachibana! I am 17 years old! I am a Junior at Lydian Music Academy and
I've never been in a relationship before!" Hibiki chirps with unusual cheer.
Everyone just looks at the little girl like she's an oddity, which she is.
"... is this little girl serious right now? How is this information even relevant to the situation?"
Cell remarks, confusion clear in his tone and body language.
"Oh well, great! I'm Goku," He then gestures to his partner. "And this is Vegeta!"
"Hmph!" Vegeta huffs.
"He kind of reminds me of a grouchy dog." Hibiki whispers to Nana, but Xeno Vegeta hears
her.
"What was that!?" Xeno Vegeta glares at the two newcomers.
"Nothing!" Hibiki yelps in fear.
"I'm Android 18. You can just call me 18." 18 said enthusiastically.
"And I'm-"
"A pain in our ass." 18 interrupts the Bio-Android, causing him to send her a killer glare.
"… Cell. A pleasure to make your acquaintance." Cell finished, quickly receding his KI.
Nana and Hibiki are surprised by Cell, more specifically his appearance.
"Is that a cockroach?" Hibiki said.
"Is that a cockroach with a jawline?" Nana adds before shrugging. "Eh, Azzy's better."
Cell's right eye twitches in clear annoyance. "First bug, now they're comparing me to
roaches!? You humans just love demeaning me, don't you!?"
"Suck it up and deal with it. It's the least you deserve anyway." 18 says with an edge of anger
in her voice.
"Anyways, we're here to tell you that Azzy found Rustyrose's location. He said that you can
get there if you track his energy." Nana explains.
"Hey, yeah!" Xeno Goku closes his eyes and places his index and middle fingers on his
forehead, expanding his senses as he looks for the specific ki signature.
And he does.
"I got him! Everyone grab on, quick!" The group grabs onto Xeno Goku and they all vanish
in an instant.
Halo Control Room

Jenny sends a barrage of punches at Ur who is able to parry them easily thanks to her two
years of training.
Ur thrusts her right arm forward, firing a shockwave that blasts Jenny close to edge.
"[Fire God's Cruel Sun]!" Ur summons a black sun and launches it at Jenny, causing an
explosion on impact.
Suddenly, a four-prong metal claw rockets from the smoke but Ur is able to evade the
speeding mechanical limb from running through her. The claw retracts as the sounds of
metallic stomps quickly catches her attention as something rises from the smoke.
When the smoke is scattered, Ur sees Jenny now sporting four long mechanical arms, the
lower two planted firmly to the ground to keep her body from touching the ground. Each arm
features four sharp claws that glow yellow at the tips.
Jenny herself is wearing a skin-tight dark green catsuit that shows off her narrow waist and
wide hips. She has black metal padding at the shoulders, knees, and elbows. She wears a
sleek green breastplate with a heart shaped opening in the top area giving a good view of her
bare K-cup breasts while the collar and the lower part of the breastplate have a layered
design. She sports a headset with a visor attached that is currently lowered, covering her
eyes. (AN: Doctor Octopus–Spider-Man PS4)
"A [Take Over] mage. What a surprise." Ur comments as notices the way Jenny's claws seem
to move, as if they're alive. "Wow, those claws are really scary."
Jenny lunged one of the tentacle arms right at Ur, only for her to narrowly dodge the clawed
arm before quickly dodging another one at a much faster speed.
'They're fast!' Ur watches as Jenny leaps in the air and flies away just as she slams all four
arms right down where Ur stood.
"[Ice Make: Rain]!" A large magic circle appears above Ur and large ice shards rain down
on Jenny as she uses the arms to protect herself from the lethal rain, the excess weight
causing the platform to snap and fall straight to the bottom of the spherical room.
Ur stares down at the destroyed platform before something bursts from the smoke and rockets
towards her at highspeeds.
Ur raises her index finger and fires a [Barrage Death Beam] at the incoming blurr only for it
to suddenly vanish from her vision. She scans the area before sensing a spike of energy and
instinctively twists her body as a beam saber narrowly misses her head.
Ur quickly sends a spinning kick at her attacker only to be caught and then thrown back but
the ice mage is able to stop herself as she gets a good look at her opponent.
It's Jenny, now donning a white bikini armor with a black breastplate with a red glass piece
that shows her breasts and a yellow circular piece on her stomach. She wears a short armored
miniskirt with black shorts with two long fins attached to the sides with saber holsters stored

just above, white gauntlets with a red piece on her forearms, white shoulder pads with twin
exhausts underneath, and white boots with blue feet. She wears a white helmet with two
vents on both sides with two small turrets placed just above with four horns being held by a
red piece in the middle: two white horns pointing to the sides and two golden ones pointing
upwards. On her back are eight blue/black unfolded "wings" that seem to be using light to use
as thrust. (AN: Strike Freedom Gundam)
Ur's expression hardens as she feels the power radiating from this form. "I can't afford to hold
back like this." With a shout, Ur assumes her [Fairy Heart] form before conjuring a pair of
longswords made of ice.
Jenny pulls out her other beam saber and charges at Ur at highspeeds. The two trade strikes at
each other but Ur's swords were surprisingly durable, giving the brainwashed mage a hard
time. Ur kicks the model in the stomach before using her [Invisible Eye Blast] to blow her
back as she prepares another attack.
"[Ice Devil's Annihilation]!" Ur shouts while unleashing a devastating ice blast augmented
with [Aura, [Ki, and [Chaos Energy] that engulfs Jenny's body and renders her completely
frozen.
"Stay frosty until this is over, Jenny-san." Ur tells the frozen [Take-Over] Mage.
*Craaaaaaack!*
The ice shatters violently and Jenny fires energy beams from her eight wings, but Ur dodges
the high-frequency beams with ease. The flaps mounted on her skirt rise up and fire two
massive energy beams at Ur, forcing her to conjure an energy barrier to tank the blast.
The barrier shatters and Ur narrows her eyes at the stubborn mage.
"Fine then. I don't use Acnologia's power often, but Lucy and Lamy need my help and I can't
waste any minute with this dance. So I'll have to cut this short." Ur says before conjuring a
black blade and imbuing it with [Ki] and [Chaos Energy] while charging towards Jenny. "
[Void Dragon's Blade]!"
Ur then slashed her attack that engulfed Jenny in a massive explosion, and when the energy
and smoke cleared, Jenny was unconscious and in her normal appearance.
"Better to be safe than sorry. I'm glad I picked up this spell from Seilah during our first year
of training in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber." Ur says as she approaches Jenny and places her
hands on Jenny's neck. "[Ice Lock]!"
An ice collar forms along Jenny's neck, disrupting her ability to move her body and think. Ur
made sure to reinforce it with a large dose of [Chaos Energy] in case Rustyrose gave Jenny
any other surprises related to said power.
Ur descends and grabs Jenny by her face. "Sorry Jenny-san, I'll make this quick." She siphons
the [Negative Chaos Energy] and turns her back to normal.

"Whoa! What a rush!" Ur exclaims before an explosion quickly grabs her attention.
Lucy leaps back, donning her [Star Dress Mix: Leo x Virgo Form] as she dodges Yukino's
snake-like whip, who dons the [Star Dress: Ophiuchus].
Lucy throws her arms open as she gathers [Ki] and magic power before straightening her
arms to the front and pointing them at Yukino.
"Take this. [Regulus… Flash]!" She fires a massive golden beam of light straight at Yukino
and is swallowed whole.
"!" Lucy gasps as she senses Yukino's energy suddenly spiking as a black spot can be seen
growing from the energy stream before exploding with a powerful shockwave.
"Kya!" Lucy cries as she is blown back by the shockwave as falls butt-first on the floor. She
looks up to see Yukino now assuming a Dark Super form, obscuring her features in dark-blue
energy while her eyes are pearly white.
The Celestial Mage quickly stands up. "I'm not gonna… give up! Not until I save you!" She
powers up again, tapping into the Celestial Spirit Realm for more power.
Near the control center, Lamy shoots at the possessed Meredy with both armor-piercing and
explosive rounds, but the bullets are sliced to bits with her [Maguilty Sodom].
"Really?" Explosions overtake the background as Rusty walks forward. "Did you think
mere guns were gonna hurt this Meredy?"
"Tch!" Lamy uses her [Slippery Curse] to maneuver around at high speeds as she guns
Rusty with a rain of bullets, but they are countered by Meredy's swords of light.
"Not acting so smugly now, are you? Be grateful I am not there in person or else I would
have easily killed you all, even if all of your allies had been here together fighting
against me." Rusty mocks while speaking through Meredy.
"At least my power was largely gained through training and refinement rather than almost
entirely dependent on shortcuts. Your own supposed power is likely only a by-product of
your own modifications with the Chaos Emerald. It only further highlights how much of a
pathetic coward you are since you know you aren't powerful on your own and instead have to
resort to cheap methods and mindless drones to appear strong." Lamy counters, getting a
scowl from Rustyrose.
"And look at where your 'training and refinement' got you: exhausted and close to
defeat." Rusty then yanks one of Lamy's ears and lifts her up to meet his eye level. "It's a
shame your sugar daddy won't be here to see it, then I would have actually found some
enjoyment out of it."
Suddenly, a pink bullet of energy flies and hits Meredy in the back, causing her to stagger and
drop Lamy.
"What!?"

"[Photon Lancer]" Six energy spheres fly towards Rusty at lightning speeds. He slices
through two of them, but he couldn't keep up with their speed and he is overwhelmed.
"Dammit!" Rusty grits his teeth and looks up. "Of all people… it had to be you two
bitches!"
Lamy looks up and sees two beautiful women hovering in the sky. The first has long blond
hair that she keeps tied with a black ribbon at the bottom and has ruby-red eyes. Her outfit
consists of a black coat with white lining, a mini-skirt and a white cloak. She wears a black
glove with a gold plate on her right hand and a steel gauntlet on her left. She wears a pair of
metal shoes with gold plating over laced black leggings. On her right hand is a staff with its
head resembling a black bearded ax with an angular blade connected by a yellow gem and a
revolver-like magazine at the base of the neck.
The second has long brown hair styled in pigtails held by two thick white ribbons and lilac
eyes. She wears a white short dress with blue lining and a red gem, a waist cape of the same
color that's attached to a metal belt, a long jacket that's tied to a red bow on her chest, black
fingerless gloves on both hands, laced white leggings, and white shoes with blue soles and
blue gems in the middle. On her left hand is a white-and-pink staff capped by a red crystal
suspended within a partial gold ring with two exhaust valves and a rifle magazine at the base.
The duo of newcomers both possessed extremely curvy hourglass figures and large feminine
assets like J-cup breasts, which Lamy concluded was a sign of Rusty's experiments.
"What's the matter, you bastard? Not happy to see us? Not even after you went through the
effort of kidnapping us, experimenting on our [Linker Cores] and then finally throwing us
away into your fridge without even blinking an eye?!" Fate barked, her tone dripping with
clear anger and frustration.
Nanoha didn't respond or try to hold back her partner's anger since it would be hypocritical of
her to do so.
Rusty narrows his eyes, clearly confused by the sudden development.
"How did you two idiots even escape? Towa and I made sure that all of the pods were
restrained and secured with high-level draining and sealing magic! You shouldn't have
been aware, let alone be able to move!" Rusty growls in confusion and frustration.
"It's all thanks to Asmodeus-kun! He found your room and set us all free!" Nanoha exclaims,
shocking Rusty.
"Asmodeus!? But Towa assured me that he-" He stops as he realizes something. "Wait,
did you say all? As in he freed EVERYONE?! Including HER?!" He then starts
trembling. "(That monster… I can't believe that monster is free… what was that brat
thinking!?)"
"Something isn't right here…" Nanoha whispers as she observes Rusty seemingly on the
verge of having a breakdown.

"[It seems whoever this person is has disturbed him greatly, master]." Raising Heart
points out.
But then suddenly, Rusty starts laughing, confusing the girls.
"What's so damn funny?" An annoyed Fate asks. "Explain yourself. What are you laughing
about?"
Rusty smirks at the two women. "Oh, pray that you never meet her. But considering our
luck it may happen sooner or later."
"What are you talking about? You're not making any sense." Nanoha said.
"[He is acting erratically. I advise caution, sir]" Bardiche said.
"I wasn't trying to. This is Asmodeus' problem now. And he better be ready because the
multiverse sure isn't!" Rusty cackles.
The two magical girls are unnerved by Rusty's cacophonous laughter but it eventually dies
down.
"Haa…" Rusty let out a deep exhale. "You know, when I first took you both, I thought I
could experiment on your [Linker Cores] in order to further develop my [Magic
Container]. I even created my own catalyst based off yours. And yet in the end, it
proved to be a massive failure and a waste of my precious time and resources." Immense
magic power surges from Meredy's body as her expression turns fully manic. "But it's a
good thing that you are awake because now I can get back on my investment… BY
KILLING YOU BOTH!"
Fate and Nanoha ready themselves.
Lamy looks at the scene and can't help but smile.
"Goes to show you really aren't as remarkable as you claim to be." Lamy taunted as she took
a distance from the possessed Meredy and approached her newfound allies.
"I may not remember much after this scumbag captured me and Fate-chan, but I do recall that
he couldn't bypass our [Barrier Jackets]." Nanoha comments.
"[I was active the entire time, no matter what attempts were made, I protected my
master with ease.]" Rising Heart added.
"We've had our fair share of egomaniac criminals from where we came from, but at least
none of them were stupid." Fate jabbed.
[Agreed, sir. This criminal may have potent magic of unknown origin, but it's clear he is
not well versed in utilizing its power.] Bardiche adds with its own jab.
"Let's go, Fate-chan!" Nanoha rockets forward with Fate following soon after.

Suddenly, the duo find themselves crashing straight to the ground, their bodies seemingly
pinned by a powerful force.
"[Warning! Massive increase in gravitational force!]" Bardiche cries out.
"Gh… ah!" Nanoha let out a muted moan of pain.
"[The Barrier Jackets can't handle the strain much longer!]" Raising Heart yells in
concern.
"D-Dammit!" Lamy yells, her body also affected.
Rusty chuckles. "You idiots couldn't be more bullheaded. Especially when you know
nothing about my Meredy." He said. "I have gifted her with all of the magic of Grimoire
Heart. She is the amalgamation of our master's ambition. A true child of the dark."
Fate and Nanoha watch as Meredy's body bursts in dark flames and her glow a menacing red.
They watch the flames condensed and converge on her right arm.
"For your insolence against the God of the Underworld, you shall all be exercised by the
flames of Hell." Rusty reels back his arm before launching a ball of dark flames. "[Fire
God's Explosive Flame]!"
Fate, Lamy and Nanoha look on in horror as a fireball rockets towards them, unable to move.
*BOOM!*
The fireball hits its target, quickly growing large before promptly exploding, swallowing in a
sea of black fire.
"And that's that." Rusty makes Meredy turn around and walk away.
However, before he takes a single step, he senses a spike in power and twists around, and
sees the flames being sucked in like a vacuum growing smaller and smaller.
Finally, scene zooms to reveal none other than Ur having completely devoured the flames.
"Blegh! That has to be the most disgusting thing I've ever eaten in my life!" Ur gags.
"You!" Rusty starts to conjure another attack before sensing something coming and leaps
away just as Lucy's fists hit the ground, creating large and massive cracks that spread all over
the platform.
"Don't even think of hurting them!" Lucy declares, her glare promising only pain.
"I don't think so. [Fall]!" Rusty roars as the pressure of [Gravity Magic] emanates from
Meredy.
Nanoha raises her intelligent weapon up high. "[Exelion Shield]!"

"[Shield]!" A large complex magic circle appears above them and blocks the incoming
gravity well.
Nanoha's feet start sinking into the metal floor as she uses her strength and willpower to
remain firm.
"Here! Have a taste of your own medicine! [Fire God's Explosive Flame]!" Ur fires a
familiar attack at Meredy.
"HA!" Lucy fires a yellow ki beam at the same time.
The two attacks hit their target, stopping the gravity spell in its tracks. However, they are
shocked to find what looks like a barrier made of thick tree bark before it turns to ashes.
"Nice try. An A for effort." Rusty taunts. "Unfortunately, you are just too predictable."
A massive fist made of trees suddenly rockets towards the group of women, but they manage
to dodge it just as it collides with the platform, destroying it.
"[Tree Fist]!" Rusty yells before generating a funnel of razor sharp leaves that he launches in
a powerful twister-like attack. "[Folium Sica]!"
"[Round Shield]!" Fate raises her device forward.
"[Yes sir!]" A yellow magic appears and protects the group from the incoming barrage.
"Keep that shield up. I got an idea." Lamy steps forward and takes aim.
Rusty sees this and laughs. "Are you joking? You're going to attack with those useless
things again? You must be insane." He says in between laughs. "But sure. Go ahead.
Maybe you'll actually succeed this time."
Lamy smirks and pulls the trigger. The frame of the silver gun cocks back as a silver-tipped
bullet flies out of the chamber and through a small hole in the shield.
Rusty smiles as he uses the magic leaves to intercept the incoming bullet and slice it to bits.
But instead of slicing, the bullet… slips through them all.
"Wha-!?" But is cut off as the bullet hits Meredy's stomach. "Aaaaaah!"
"Heh." Lamy ejects the empty magazine and replaces it with a new one. "Didn't expect that,
did ya? Turns out my [Slippery Curse] can do more than just make me dodge attacks."
An injured Meredy looks at Lamy as Rusty puts the pieces together.
"I see… you made the bullet slip through the space between my attacks." He said.
"Bingo!" Lamy chirped. "It's something that Asmodeus-sama trained me to do, since I was
created with absolutely no fighting ability."

Meredy uses the [Arc of Time] to reverse the bullet wound before switching to a different
magic.
"I am the King of the Underworld. This arm cuts through everything with a deep black
blade. Disappear to the edge of darkness!" Rusty chants and Meredy's right arm turns into
a claw-like sword.
"Here it comes." Lucy said.
"[Jet Black Sword]!" Meredy punches forward and the sword-arm extends at insane speeds.
Fate leaps forward and flies towards the incoming attack.
"[Piercing Lancer]!" Bardiche's ax head transforms into a spear as it fires mana from the
bottom for extra thrust.
The two attacks collide in a deadlock, seemingly evenly matched in power.
"More power!" Fate exclaims.
"[Yes sir!]" The device puts in more mana, allowing it to bypass and break through the
sword and leaving Rusty horrified.
"Impossible!" Rusty screams out as he watches Fate shortening the distance between them.
Without thinking, Rusty forces Meredy to cut off her own arm and fly away just as Fate was
about to reach her.
Meredy crashes into a nearby platform, she grips tightly onto the stump and stands up,
sending a heated glare at Fate.
"You damaged my Meredy… you will pay!" Rusty roars.
"I damaged her? She's not a thing, you self-righteous asshole! And you're the one who forced
her to cut off her arm!" Fate retorts.
"Don't you dare pass the blame to me, you stupid bitch." Meredy begins to use the [Arc
of Time] to restore her body. However, before Rusty can act, Meredy's body is suddenly
wrapped in multiple binding rings.
"W-What the hell!? I can't move!" Rusty exclaims.
"[Hoop Bind]" Raising Heart's red gem announces as Nanoha flies next to her partner.
"You left yourself open!" Nanoha shouts.
"[Chain Bind!]" Raising Heart announced.
Pink magical chains shoot out of the rings wrapping around Meredy then forcing her down
on her knees.

Rusty struggles to break free, but with Meredy now missing an arm it proved difficult.
"I refuse to lose to you whores!" Rusty screams. "YUKI-" But before he can finish, Ur
freezes him solid.
"Nice quick thinking, Ur-san!" Lucy praised.
"It was nothing. I was just sick and tired of hearing that whiny-ass voice." Ur said.
"We need to finish this soon." Nanoha says as she sees Rusty's prison already cracking. "The
ice won't last much longer."
Lamy raises her guns at the ice sculpture. "She's right. Let's not waste anymore time."
Everyone starts charging up just as the ice on Meredy's upper body shatters and Rusty regains
some mobility.
Raising Heart's head dematerialized and reforms into a golden spearhead set with a red
crystal.
Bardiche's head transforms into a trident shape which becomes the hilt of a mana saber,
giving it the appearance of a western sword.
Ur holds one of her hands in front of her with the other hand supporting it as a purplish-pink
energy sphere begins to appear and quickly grows to be as tall as her.
Lucy raises both of her arms up high as electricity is seen traveling upwards towards her
hands. Magic power and Ki begin to converge in the center blue orb begins to form and
grows bigger immediately as Lucy lowers her arms.
A set of six mana wings sprout from the sides of the spearhead near Raising Heart's gem as a
magic circle appears under her feet.
Rusty's face morphs into shock and horror as he can sense and even see the insane mana and
ki output the four girls are generating.
"[Buster mode. Drive ignition]" Raising Heart states.
"[Riot Blade]!" Bardiche announces.
"N-No! Y-You can't!" Rusty stammers.
"[Divine Buster: Full Power]!"
"[Blade Impulse: Full Power]!"
Multiple cartridge cases are ejected from the chamber as they boost the magical device's
power further.
"[Divine Buster]!" Nanoha fires a massive pink energy beam from the tip of her staff.

"[Blade Impulse]!" Fate swings her sword in an arc, sending a green energy wave.
"[Death Cannon]!" Ur fires a large purplish-pink energy wave.
"[Stardust Laser]!" Lucy launches a mighty energy blast.
The four attacks are fired simultaneously before they all fuse into a mighty energy stream that
could destroy entire star systems.
The group quickly find something to grab onto as the MASSIVE hole they made starts
sucking everything out of the room like a vacuum, before a barricade quickly seals the breach
shut.
"You fools! You could have destroyed the array's control system!" Everyone turns to see
Meredy alive but with light burns… before looking down to see a badly burned Yukino by
her side. "It was fortunate that this Celestial Mage was still functional enough to shield
me from your attacks. I would despair if something were to happen to my Meredy."
"Yukino…" Tears rolled down Lucy's face.
"Hmph, worthless goods." Rusty kicks Yukino away as he treads forward. "Now then, I
believe it's my turn to blast you to oblivion, yes?"
Just then, a hologram of a familiar head appears between them.
"Delta!" Lamy calls out as Nanoha and Fate land next to her.
The large hologram of Delta turns to the group. "Greetings Lamy. And you two must be 1st
Air Captain Nanoha Takamachi and Executive Officer Fate Testarossa of the Administrative
Bureau along with their artificial intelligent staffs Raising Heart Exelion and Bardiche
Assault."
The two mages are surprised by the AI's knowledge of them even though they just met.
"[He is quite knowledgeable.]" Raising Heart remarks.
"[And very robotic.]" Bardiche adds.
"While I was able to bypass the encryption, I am afraid that I was only able to access 26.66%
of the primary control nodes." Delta adds.
"What!? You're bluffing! You could not have breached our firewalls so easily." Rusty
screamed out.
Delta then turns his attention to Rusty. "You must be Rustyrose. I would say it is nice to meet
you, but there is nothing 'nice' about you. At least based on the data I compiled."
Just then, a much smaller hologram of Delta appears, surprising the group.

"Delta?" Ur looks at the large head talking to Rusty and looks down at the smaller one.
"How-"
"Shh, the one Rusty is talking to right now is a recording I programmed to activate at this
exact moment in time." Delta explains as he turns to the event happening before them. "Do
not worry. All will be explained soon."
"If you think this will ultimately thwart my plan, you are mistaken! Things have come
too far to be stopped even by something like this!" Rustyrose growled.
"That may be so, but you are severely underestimating our resourcefulness." Delta counters.
"You are just like the director, a broken shell of a once brilliant man attempting to revive
memories from the past. It would be pitiful, if it wasn't so goddamn annoying."
This sends Rusty over the edge. "And what would you know about loss!? I had a life, a
purpose! And it was all taken away from me by the fairies and Zeref!" He screams
out. "You are just an emotionless computer! You couldn't even begin to comprehend the
human heart!"
"... your argument is logical. As an AI Fragment, I only embody one aspect of the human
mind, and that is logic." Delta states. "Yet despite this, there is a query that I simply cannot
answer."
"And that is?" Rusty asks the giant hologram and he could almost feel the smugness coming
from that green helmet.
"How can you still possess that woman after being hit by Jean Grey's psychic wave?" Delta
asks.
Suddenly Rusty doubles forward as he starts screaming in pain, his head smashing against the
floor.
"AAAAHHHH! GET OUT! GET OUT!!" A mix of two voices screams out as Rusty rolls
back and forth.
Everyone watches Meredy scream her lungs out with clear shock and worry.
"What's going on!?" Fate asks.
"The [Sensory Link] is a spell that links two different people's senses by using strong
feelings. Since Meredy's consciousness was sealed along with her emotions, Rusty was able
to influence the link and take control of her body," Delta explains. "But now that Meredy's
consciousness has resurfaced…"
"She is rejecting him!" Nanoha finished.
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!" Meredy lets out one final, ear piercing scream
before going limp, the seal on her wrist disappearing.

"MEREDY!" Ur rushes to her side and casts [Salvation], healing her injuries and restoring
her arm. "Please wake up! Please!"
Meredy's eyes slowly open. "Ul… tear?" They quickly regain focus and she gets a good look
at the woman. "Who are you…?"
"O-Oh! I guess you wouldn't recognize me like this!" Ur gives the girl a heartwarming smile.
"My name's Ur. I'm Ultear's mother and I guess… your grandma now?"
Meredy's eyes jump out of their sockets before she promptly passes out.
"Ah! Please wake up!" Ur shakes Meredy trying to wake her.
"Please don't take it personally, but I'm honestly not that surprised Meredy fainted when you
revealed who you are." Lucy says. "In her defense, it's not every day you meet your longdead surrogate grandmother years after she supposedly died. The fact that you were a big part
of Ultear's life meant seeing you would be just as significantly shocking for Meredy as it was
for Ultear."
"And I thought my family was complicated." Fate mutters as Lucy walks past her and picks
up Yukino.
"While she may have expelled Rusty from her mind, there's no telling what sort of
psychological damage he has done. We need to take her to the lab so I can run a full check up
on her." Lamy states. "Heck, the only reason Ultear and the other girls didn't suffer PTSD
from the brutal nature of Rustyrose's experiments was due to Asmodeus-sama's healing
capabilities and [Chaos Energy] healing their potential mental trauma."
"That would be the logical approach, yes." Delta chimed.
"There's just something I don't understand." Lucy turns to Delta. "How could you have
predicted what Rusty would say?"
"While inside the system, I was able to discern what kind of personality Rustyrose has based
on his interactions with Towa, then I merely used logic to determine his responses and in
what order, then I left the appropriate responses." Delta states.
"How did you know about our rank or even our affiliation with the Bureau?" Fate asks.
Multiple projections appear around them showing the profiles of many people.
"Rustyrose keeps a list of all of the women that have taught his eyes, as well as a number of
other powerful individuals. He has extensive data on your backgrounds, your affiliations,
your equipment, your strengths, weaknesses, families, friends, medical records, likes and
dislikes, etc." Delta says. "He also has similar files on the original 11 [Isekaijin] girls that
Asmodeus had summoned, though he was aggravated when he could not find any of them,
until today that is."
"Wow." Nanoha says in shock as the screens change to show the fights occurring around the
facility.

"I have also simulated over millions of scenarios to predict all of the possible outcomes that
may happen, and then formulate the appropriate strategy based on the most probable ones.
Part of those scenarios was calculating the actions of every group inside of this facility as
well as which actions would affect the other's chances of victory."
"That's… that's amazing! You're amazing, Delta!" Lamy exclaims.
"[Indeed. Your processing power is well beyond any device we know.]" Raising Heart
said.
"It is nothing. I simply did my duty." Delta said.
"You are too humble, Delta." Fate giggles.
"Okay, let's get Jenny and take everyone back to [Aincrad]. We accomplished our mission,
and as Lamy said, these girls likely need a full check up just in case." Lucy feels a hand
touching her shoulder and looks down to see Yukino awake.
"Lu… cy…" Yukino manages to say.
"Shh, don't talk. Just save your strength." Lucy whispers.
"Hold on! I might just have something to help her." Nanoha pulls out a [Senzu Bean] from
her coat pocket and walks up to Yukino. "Please eat this. It will make you better."
Yukino opens her mouth and Nanoha gently places the bean on her mouth and starts chewing
it. After a second, the third-degree burns on Yukino's body vanish and she's back to full
health.
"!?" Yukino's eyes snap open before realizing her current position and her face turns beat red.
"EEP!" She jumps off Lucy's arms and lands on her feet.
"Yay! She's good as new!" Nanoha cheers.
"We really need to ask Asmodeus if we get a supply of these beans for the Bureau, they are a
medical wonder!" Fate says.
"Best be on our way now. The probability of the final battle upon us is high." Delta informs
everyone before the room starts to shake.
*BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!*
The sounds of explosions rattled the entire platform.
"What was that!?" Lucy yelled.
"That would be the women the master freed, now dismantling the remainder of the
installation." Delta states. "They have rendezvous with the assault teams and have destroyed
the other runes keeping Rustyrose safe."

[I am detecting a potent magic build up at a different location.] Raising Heart announced.
[Magic signature recognized as Asmodeus.] Bardiche added.
"He must be heading to Rustyrose." Lamy surmised. "Delta, can you send everyone the
coordinates to Rustyrose's location?"
"Of course." Delta nods. "I can send the data through my link with the other fragments so that
we communicate in real time."
"Then let's go!" Everyone quickly runs out of the chamber, ready for the endgame.
At the same time
I walk through the empty corridor as explosions rocket the structure, with roof and debris
falling everywhere.
"Are you sure this is the way, Asmodeus?" A female voice asks. She is an extremely
beautiful and sexy woman with long blonde hair, stunning blue eyes, an extremely
voluptuous and curvy hourglass figure, large KK-cup breasts, and an equally large yet firm
ass. Her attire consisted of a shoulderless top that also exposed her abdomen while providing
ample view of her generous cleavage with a white cape attached to it and an "X" symbol
attached between her breasts, long white gloves, slim white pants that clung to her legs and
ass like a second skin, and white heels. To put it simply, she personified the term 'sex on legs'
but on heavy steroids.
Name: Emma Grace Frost
Title: White Queen, Diamond Dust
Affiliation: Frost International, Hellfire Club (Former), Illuminati (Former), Phoenix
Five (Former), X-Men, (Expand)
Level: 833
HP: 79,345,100
MP: 0
SP: 77,544,322
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Man of her dreams, firmly determined to seduce you ASAP
"According to him, it would seem so." Jean said.
"How would you know? You can't read his mind." Emma points out.
"Neither can you."

"Please be quiet." Said another voice. She is a little girl, about 14 to 15 years old, with long,
honey blonde hair that she ties up with silver and black hair clips on each side of her head
which give her a cat-like appearance and ruby eyes. Her outfit consists of an all-black
Gothic-style signature leather outfit. It has a star-shaped gap at the chest of her clothing, two
waist belts, five-leg belts on both of her legs, and two sleeves that attach to her upper arm via
belt.
Name: Eve
Title: Golden Darkness, Yami-chan, Ecchi Hater
Affiliation: n/a
Level: 772
HP: 72,012,899
MP: 0
SP: 80,332,788
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Hopes you're not ecchi
"We're close. Rusty's sensors can't pick us up in this part of the Array; too remote. Especially
now considering the chaos everywhere else." I explained with a smile.
After freeing all of the women from stasis, I had Jean unleash a psychic wave across the Halo
Array. It would target anyone whose minds were repressed and "awaken them". To be
precise, Jean didn't break Rustyrose's control, but rather push the original consciousness to
resurface and that sudden resurgence would break the mental barriers and permanently cut off
his control over them. Then I send the girls to locate and help everyone spread across the
base to destroy it.
*PING!*
I suddenly grab the space in front of me before kneeing it and then firing a ki shot at pointblank.
The girls are surprised by his random actions but that's when they see the space shift,
revealing a person on the floor.
The attacker can only be described as the ultimate personification of the fictional trope
'femme fatale' cranked up to infinity. The person on the floor was an exceptionally beautiful
woman with long and vibrant red hair and piercing green eyes similar to those of Jean's,
though her eyes were sharper even with the emotionless expression that clearly indicated her
brainwashed status. She wore a skintight black catsuit that tightly clung to her perfectly
shaped and extremely voluptuous hourglass figure to the point it almost looked like her skin
was simply painted pitch black and emphasized her massive KK-cup breasts and her large

heart-shaped bubble butt with an extremely low-cut v-neck that revealed a large amount of
her cleavage, with a golden ring at the end of her v-neck in the valley of her cleavage, along
with a belt of golden discs with a red-and-black hourglass disc in the center that hugged her
waist and golden gauntlet-like bracers on both forearms.
And it turns out she wasn't alone. Accompanying her was an extremely voluptuous girl in her
late teens with long blond hair that had 4 unique black accessories on both sides of her head
and vibrant blue eyes. She wore a custom black shirt that completely exposed her abdomen
and had a large boob-window that showed off her large K-cup breasts, with the right sleeve
being short with a red X on her shoulder and a separate elbow sleeve and a black glove on her
right hand, while her left sleeve being long and had a spiky shoulder pauldron and a longer
glove on her left forearm with clawed fingertips. She also wore black booty shorts with a
black belt on it that clung to her large bubble-butt and aided in emphasizing her perfect
hourglass curves, along with thigh-high black boots. In her left hand was a massive
longsword that seemed to be made out of pure golden energy.
Name: Natalia Alianovna "Natasha" Romanova
Title: Natasha Romanoff, Black Widow, The Ebon Flame, The Enchantress, The Black
Pearl, (Expand)
Affiliation: The Thunderbolts (Former), The Avengers, S.H.I.E.L.D., Black Widow Ops
Program (Former), The Red Room (Former), (Expand)
Level: 786
HP: 72,710,904
MP: 0
SP: 85,441,096
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Name: Illyana Nikolievna Rasputina
Title: Magik, Darkchild, Darkchylde, Lightchylde, The Phoenix, "Little Snowflake",
Red Flag, Mutant Sorceress
Affiliation: X-Men, Strange Academy, New Mutants (Former), Phoenix Five (Former),
(Expand)
Level: 811
HP: 78,322,119
MP: 84,566,733

SP: 79,112,899
AP: 79,004,677
Thoughts about you: n/a
"Natasha, Illyana…" Jean says their names in horror.
"That wretch." Emma growls.
However, they stop when they see a hand raised in front of them.
"I'll take care of them. You three stay back." I told them, surprising the women.
"Are you sure?" A concerned Jean asks but quickly sees a confident grin on Asmodeus' face.
"Of course! You just leave everything to me!" I exclaimed before feeling something pulling
at my cloak and glance at Yami. "?"
"Be careful." Yami says in her usual monotone, but I can hear the emotions rising in her voice
before letting me go.
I smile at the girl before turning my attention to the two Marvel women and walk up to them.
Magik goes first, charging at me with the ferocity of a Berserker, but as she brings her sword
down, reality glitches and instead finds her [Soul Sword] plunged deep into the floor.
"Missed. Care to try again?" I quipped.
Unbeknownst to me though, Natasha was slowly creeping up on me from my blindspot only
for her face to suddenly cave in thanks to a golden punch to the face.
I chuckle and glance back at the spy. "Did you think that was gonna work? Sorry babe, but I
got eyes on the back of my head."
The golden fist becomes less transparent, revealing the golden arm and the rest of its body.
"[Payback Over Requiem]." I declared.
Time freezes as my Stand fully appears, before he unleashes a barrage of strikes on the
brainwashed Marvel superheroine duo.
"MUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDAMUDA!" [Payback Over
Requiem] screams out as he relentlessly attacks the two defenseless heroines before blowing
them away.
But before they can get far, however, I use my Stand's [Reality Manipulation] capabilities to
manifest two massive hands from the ground that each grab one of the girls, keeping them
firmly restrained.

"You…you just defeated them without even moving?" Jean says in amazement and
bafflement, caught off guard by his display of power. She knew he was powerful from the
moment she set eyes on him even without seeing him in SSJ4 (even if it left her blushing
tomato-red and drooling with pink hearts in her eyes at the time), but she still didn't
comprehend the full extent of my power even now.
"What is that?" Yami asks, referring to the Stand.
"This is called a Stand. It's the physical manifestation of one's soul, or 'fighting spirit' if you
want to sound tough." I said. "Depending on the user, each Stand will manifest an ability that
is unique to them alone. Not all Stands are equal as they are a reflection of both an
individual's personality and their inherent potential, though mine is on an entirely different
level than other Stands due to both my own logic-defying limitless potential and past
enhancements, and he has access to abilities far beyond what is normally possible for other
Stands, including [Life Creation & Empowerment], [Time Manipulation], [Causality
Manipulation], and even [Reality Manipulation]."
"Incredible. You're just full of surprises, Asmodeus. Even with all the people I've met in my
own universe, I've never seen or heard of anyone like you before." Jean says in awe, which
wasn't easy given everything she and her teammates had faced back in their universe or the
fact that she was the vessel of the [Phoenix Force] itself, which also gave her access to godlike abilities like [Time Manipulation] and [Reality Manipulation]. Though it only made
her mentally more determined to impress or seduce me to become her new lover no matter
what.
"Is it wrong that I want to fuck him nonstop even more now?" Emma bluntly asks her
teammate as she shamelessly stares at me with heavy lust and arousal while licking her lips,
being turned on by my power and dominating performance.
"E-EMMA!" Jean shrieked.
"What? It's not like you're any different. Your mind is full of nothing but lewd thoughts about
him fucking you into submission like a bitch in heat, especially in his monkey form. Your
dirty fantasies with him are even naughtier than mine that I'm actually tempted to take some
of your fantasies and do them myself." Emma shoots back making Jean even more flustered.
"Hush!"
"Perverts." Yami bluntly says while staring at the two Mutants.
"Dear Yami, we're simply mature and single women with a healthy appreciation for the
opposite gender and in sex, there's no shame in that." Emma teasingly tells the young girl
while emphasizing the word 'single' as she winked at me. "And don't think I didn't notice all
those times you blushed when you stared at his back."
"S-Shut it." Yami meekly said, letting her hair hide the obvious blush on her face.
"Anyways, that wasn't even a proper challenge." The trio soon turned their attention back to
Asmodeus cracking his neck. "You'd think that with Rusty and Towa pumping them

with [Chaos Energy] and altering their bodies, it would create something new but no. Just
empty dolls with absolutely no purpose."
[That's the problem with fighting mind-controlled enemies: they bring no joy in the
fight. For Saiyans, that's worse than having an office job]
"Let's just free these girls from Rustyrose's control before we continue onwards in stopping
his mad plan." I remove the [Shackles of Exodia] and transform into [Super Saiyan 4].
The trio accompanying me once again openly ogled me with heavy lust and arousal with
prominent blushes and pink hearts in their eyes. I sweatdropped at this but couldn't blame
them since it was my own fault. It might have been a little manipulative and underhanded to
exploit [Super Saiyan 4] without the [Shackles of Exodia] like this, but given how Sirin
responded as "thanks" for freeing her and the dire current circumstances regarding my
friends/allies and the multiverse itself, I ultimately REFUSED to take any chances and
deemed it necessary to ensure loyalty and support from any girls I saved in order to stop
Rusty and Towa once and for all.
[We can address the situation with all the lovestruck girls after this is all over]
'Agreed. Not like I didn't know my love life was gonna be unconventional anyways. I'm just
glad that Jean and the other girls are single, or else this would be a lot more
uncomfortable.' I thought as I approached the brainwashed duo and placed my hands on their
heads and focused my [Psionic Manipulation] to break the mind control, causing both of
them to wake up immediately.
"I'M GONNA KILL THEM! I'M GONNA DYE THIS ENTIRE PLACE IN THEIR
BLOOD!" Illyana madly screamed, her eyes glowing brightly with rage.
[Well, that's one way to wake up in the morning]
"I will make the blue witch suffer a hell that'll make Mephisto green with envy!" Natasha
roared.
[And good morning to you too]
However, their rage is quickly snuffed out when they see the embodiment of male sex appeal
standing in front of them.
"Um… h-hi." Illyana stutters out, her face burning red.
"Hello." Natasha greets without much emotion, years of training quickly kicking in to hide
her heavy arousal and attraction to the sexy stud in front of her, though I secretly noticed it
anyways.
"Hi. Nice to finally talk to you instead of fighting." I smiled. "My name's Asmodeus, it's nice
to meet you."
Illyana's eyes widened upon hearing his name before glaring daggers at him. "Asmodeus!?
How did you find us!?"

I was confused by the sudden hostility before I realized what she's talking about.
"Oh! Nonono! I'm not the person you're likely thinking of! I'm just one of the many
individuals who share the name. As members of the X-Men and Avengers, you both should
be more than familiar with the multiverse, right? So you know that the possibility exists."
The two didn't seem convinced. "Don't look at me like that, I'm not gonna bite you. I'm one
of the good ones."
Natasha arches an eyebrow. "The good ones?"
"Yeah, yeah. Hold on." I change back to normal with the shackles back in place. "Is this
better?"
"So, who are you anyway?" Illyana asks me.
"I'm the same as you: I'm a victim. Rustyrose kidnapped me and my friends, and Towa
attempted to experiment on me. Sound familiar?" I rhetorically asked. "Anyways, long story
short, we broke out, I found their freezer where their troublesome subjects were and I freed
them."
"Freed them?" Illyana looks up and sees two familiar faces. "Jean? Emma?"
Jean smiles. "It's good to see you, Illya. You too, Natasha."
"Same here, Jean." Natasha said.
The giant hands open and the two women jump off and stand mere inches from me.
"Has anyone ever told you just how beautiful you both are?" I asked.
"Yes." Natasha replies, while the mutant sorceress blushes harder.
"You guys look…even more amazing than before." Illyana bitterly says in envy at her
teammates being even MORE beautiful and sexy than ever.
"Maybe you two should look at yourselves as well. Jean and I aren't the only ones who got
the Rustyrose treatment." Emma says while gesturing to their bodies, causing their
expressions to morph into shock.
"Whoa! Even if it was only because of those wretched experiments, I look and feel
AMAZING!" Illyana says while admiring her improved looks and the [Chaos
Energy] flowing within her. It felt like she was akin to a goddess of magic and beauty now!
"Damn, and I thought I was sexy as hell before." Natasha says while grabbing her KK-cup
breasts and giving a casual squeeze, eliciting a moan. "Sensitive, too."
"Yeah, that's part of the modification process. Rusty makes you more desirable so he can
have you all to himself." I told them, making them gag at the prospect. "Also, it's permanent,
sorry."

"Oh, don't apologize. Besides, I'm not complaining." Illyana says as she cups a feel of her
new K-cup boobs. "The girls in school are gonna be super jealous."
Yami's eye twitches in annoyance at Illyana. "I hate ecchi."
"Right." I clap my hands together. "So, we are currently on our way to meet dear Rusty.
Wanna come? The more the merrier."
Magik smirks and picks up her [Soul Sword]. "Do you even have to ask?" The blade bursts
into blue flames.
Natasha powers up her [Widow Bites] and shows off a determined expression.
"Alright, let's do this!" I exclaimed.
Aincrad – Engine Room
"HAAAAAA!" Anna screams as she fires a blue beam from her mouth at her opponent, only
for Yoruichi to do a barrel roll and punch Anna in the stomach. "Ghk!"
"Damn it!" Wanda cursed as her attempt to trap their dangerous opponent by converting
ground underneath them akin to quicksand had failed.
"[Fairy Warp Kamehameha]!" Cana yelled while warping behind their opponent to launch
a pink Kamehameha wave enhanced with magic and [Chaos Energy], but their foe had once
again dodged to their frustration.
Irene activates her Semblance and summons an avatar of Acnologia's dragon form and sics it
at the werecat, but she simply evades its attempts to grab her with her insane speed before
delivering a powerful sweeping kick that shatters the avatar into pieces.
"POTS (STOP)!" Wanda chants and freezes Yoruichi midair and falls to the ground.
"NOW!"
"[Water Cage]!" Mercphobia summons a wave of water that quickly converges around the
Soul Reaper and transforms into a large floating orb of water.
Layla raises both of her hands and slams them together before pulling them apart, revealing a
yellow cable made of pure lightning.
"[Chain Lightning]!" Layla fires a whip of lightning that quickly wraps itself around the
water prison.
She then clenches her fist. "[Charge Spark]!" The whips suddenly burst with powerful
electricity, magnified further by the water before it ruptures and sends its prisoner back down.
When the group looks, they see Yoruichi's body burned, but very much alive.
Before the others could react, she releases a massive surge of power that sends them all
tumbling. As they all get back on their feet, they notice that the woman has changed. Her

entire body is now radiating a dark blue aura, losing her features and leaving only a pair of
white eyes with no pupils.
"Get ready, everyone!" Irene tells her team before looking at Cana. "Time to put our training
to the test!"
"Okay!" Cana smiles and transforms into her [Fairy Heart] form, except she now has a
crown of light levitating above her head and two more sets of wings.
An aura of power bursts from Irene as she transforms into a hybrid between her human and
dragon form. Her braids are undone as her hair becomes jagged, more wild. Two feathery
crimson wings sprout from her back as scales cover both of her arms and feet turning them
into powerful claws.
She opens her eyes, showing her pupils have become slitted and smiles, showing off her now
sharp white teeth.
Four large glowing wings unfold from Anna's back before they wrap around her body,
turning them into a makeshift dress for her. Glowing scales appear on her face as well as a
pair of horns protruding from her head. Her hair turns translucent, rippling and sparkling like
a nebula. The sclera on her eyes darkens, with multiple white dots appearing as her eyes
change color to a glowing crystal blue.
Layla's hair had changed to an ethereal shade of icy blue mixed with occasional pink
highlights. Two similarly ethereal icy blue wings that almost resembled a fusion of crystal
and pure magical energy emerged from her back, with her limbs featuring dragon claws and
patches of blue scales trailing up and down each limb.
"Let's set the stage. [World Reconstruction Magic: Universe One]!" Irene raises her staff
up and enchants the entire room, causing it to burst in a bright light.
When the light fades, everyone sees that they are no longer in the altar, but instead a vast
yellow sky with floating rocks as far as the eye can see.
"Let's do this." Irene casts a [Strength Enchantment] on everyone. "[Sage Dragon's
Roar]!" She launches a fire-like burst from her mouth at the enemy.
The chaos-infused werecat vanishes from the rock just as the attack hits its target before
reappearing in front of Irene ready to tear her face off with her claws only for a yellow ki
blast to hit her face and send her flying.
Irene turns and sees Shizuka holds both arms forward and a determined expression on her
face.
"I'm not gonna let you harm her!" Shizuka declares.
The werecat is able to reorient herself and land on a nearby rock, but not before she sees
Torafuzar rocketing towards her.

"You will not escape!" Torafuzar creates a drill using his [Curse] and stabs it into the
platform, causing it to change into dark water and drag her down in order to drown her.
A powerful bolt of thunder hits the dark water, electrocuting the werecat as she spasms from
the pain.
"Muwahahahaha! Yes. YES! At long last! True power! Fear me! For I control the very power
of Mother Nature!" A weirdly voiced Tempester laughs maniacally as holographic symbols
appear around him.
"What are those symbols?" Irene questions not recognising them.
"What?" Omega!Tempester blinks before looking at the said symbols. "Seriously? I still have
these childish drawings in my memory banks!? Ugh… I blame that quack of a Doctor."
Tempester lands next to Torafuzar, who gives his fellow demon a perplexed look. "The fuck
are you looking at, ugly?"
"Who are you? You are clearly not Tempester." Torafuzar said with a mix of seriousness and
curiosity.
"Well, if you must know, he was being an ass so I decided to take a more hands-on approach.
Huhuhahaha." Omega!Tempester cackles.
Torafuzar arches an eyebrow. "You're that AI, aren't you? I thought you vanished."
"I did, but then I came back. Don't think too much about it, the sooner we're done, the quicker
I can get out of this moron's head. Seriously, it's like dealing with Windows 95! Ugh!" He
gags.
Layla raises her arms and aims two magic circles at the water prison. "[Ice Flash]!" A white
mist comes out of the magic circle and instantly freezes it.
Irene raises her staff and charges a large red orb combining her [Aura, [Chaos
Energy, and [Ki].
"[Sage Dragon's Light]!" She points her staff at the prison and orb fires a beam of
devastating energy.
Cana pulls her right arm back as it gathers large magical power. "[Fairy Secret Art: Hand
of Fate]!" She throws her arm forward, launching a large white energy fist like a rocket.
The two attacks reach their target resulting in a massive explosion and something is seen
shooting out of the smoke.
The chaos were cat crashes with loud thud, mountains of rock and debris fly everywhere
indicating the strength of her fall.
However, the woman did not stay down for long and quickly got back up, and to their horror,
she was regenerating from her injuries.

"Goddamnit, why won't she stay down already!?" Cana yells in frustration.
"[Sleep]!" Larcade says, unleashing one of his three signature magics and augmenting it
with [Aura, [Ki, and even some of the [Chaos Energy] given by Irene. Their female
opponent immediately started struggling to remain standing, visibly shaking as she tried to
stay awake.
"Mammon, Sariel! Let's show this woman what we Demon Lords and Archangels are capable
of!" Belial shouts as she and her fellow [Isekaijin] begin charging powerful magical attacks
augmented with [Ki] and [Aura] before launching a combined blast at their foe, once again
engulfing her in a massive explosion.
"Is it over, is she finally out?" Shizuka asks hopefully, but those hopes were immediately
dashed as their female foe jumped out of the smoke at lightspeed towards Shizuka preparing
to strike her, but the woman was thankfully intercepted by a large blade.
"That's far enough!" Kaguya yelled.
The werecat tries to land but is suddenly intercepted by a current of crescent blades cutting
her body in various places before she sees the form of Kaguya fastly reaching her.
"[Nyorai no Hachi]!" She spins in the air and slashes her foe with deadly accuracy and grace
while the blades gather back into her sword before finishing it with a heavy midair chop.
"Keep up the pressure! She is almost done!" Torafuzar yells.
Anna opens seven black portals behind her as her blue glow brighter. "[Chains of
Cronus]!" Chains made of blue crystal shoot out from the portals and make their way
straight for the werecat.
"Anna, hold her! Layla, Cana, and Irene, loan me your [Chaos Energy, I will use it with my
magic to free her mind!" Wanda yells as she flies towards their chained foe, with the three
named women flying and landing right next to her and place their hands on her shoulders and
back, sharing their [Chaos Energy] for Wanda to use with her own and her magic as she
places her hands on the woman's head.
"Eerf eb dnim ruoy tel! (Let your mind be free!)" Wanda chants as her hands glow red and
their foe is engulfed in red [Chaos Energy, until eventually it dissipates and reveals a normal
Yoruichi.
"You can let her go now, Anna. The curse is broken." Wanda tells her teammate, who nods
and releases the woman from her chains, while Irene releases [Universe One] and returns
their surroundings back to normal.
Wanda kneels next to her. "You okay? I know from experience that this sort of thing can take
its toll."
The now free werecat takes a deep breath. "Just… give me a minute." She slowly gets up
from the floor and stumbles a bit, but Wanda catches her.

"Thanks…" Yoruichi lifts her arms up to stretch when she sees her new boobs. "Whoa. I don't
remember them being THIS BIG! This is gonna take some getting used to."
"It's pretty much Rustyrose's fetish: hourglass figures with large breasts and large asses.
Almost all of us have it, and it's permanent." Wanda states while glancing at her own body.
Literally NONE of Rusty's victims were smaller than J-cups after he got his hands on them
and practically all of them embodied "sex on legs", which spoke volumes of his perverted
nature given his intentions.
"I'll make due, though I'll definitely need to step up my training if I want to make this work."
Yoruichi examines herself. "I definitely beat Rangiku in the breasts department now." The
woman mutters as she inspects her new body before she starts fondling her new K-cup
breasts and lets out a moan. "Ooh, and sensitive too. I like it~"
"Um, excuse me?" She turns to Shizuka. "But could you please stop that, miss…?"
"Yoruichi. Yoruichi Shihoin, nice to meet ya~" The woman, Yoruichi, introduces herself with
a cheshire smile.
"Nice to meet you, Yoruichi. I'm Wanda Zatara." Wanda introduces herself. "Anyways, as
much as I would love to chat more, we're on a mission to stop that son of a bitch from
reshaping the multiverse to rule as an All-Powerful God and make all women his sex slaves.
You in?"
"Hell yeah I'm in!" Yoruichi growled, her smile instantly turning into a dark scowl. "I'm
gonna take that bastard's head off."
"You and me both, Yoruichi-san." Anna says, a fire appearing in her eyes and those of every
other woman present.
"This is gonna be a massacre. I can't wait! Hahaha!" Omega!Tempester laughed.
"Right. We should let Kisuke-san know that the engine room is ours." Sariel suggests and
Yoruichi perks up at the name.
"Kisuke!? He's here!?" A shocked Yoruichi said.
"If you are referring to Kisuke Urahara, then yes. Based on your reaction, I assume you know
him somehow?" Larcade inquires.
"Know him? He's a lifelong friend of mine! What's he doing here?" Yoruichi asks in surprise.
"Asmodeus-kun summoned him and other individuals from other universes to help stop
Rustyrose from reshaping the multiverse. Kaguya, Sariel, Mammon, Belial, and myself were
also summoned by Asmodeus-kun for that purpose as well." Shizuka answered. "I'm
surprised you and Kisuke-san are acquainted with each other given that Asmodeus-kun had
just summoned him today, but then again Asmodeus-kun did warn him that Rusty and Towa
might have friends of his under their control and it appears that was true in your case."

Suddenly a loud rumble catches everyone's attention and they all turn to the Emerald Altar
glowing intensely.
"Is that supposed to happen?" An anxious Kaguya asks.
"Take a guess." Belial said.
A dark wave of negative energy ripples from the altar and throws the group back, hitting the
wall and knocking them out.
Outside
In the vacuum of space, the [Aincrad] can be seen bound by six towing cables; three of them
have been disconnected.
The perspective switches to show Métis with her visor down, working on one of the cables.
Her view shows a cluster of wiring and circuitry before she cuts one of the cables.
BOMB DISARMED
"Athena. This one has been disarmed." Métis said.
Athena transforms her right hand into a sword. With a swing, she slices the cable from its
socket, letting it dangle freely in the vacuum of space.
"That makes four. Only five more to go." Athena comments.
"Right. Onto the next one." Métis flies towards the next cable.
But that's when Athena senses something, a large power. "Métis. You need to turn back,
something is coming."
"?" Métis stops before quickly moving left as something passes her by at astonishing speeds
before stopping.
She is a woman with a buxom yet muscular figure with short black hair, stunning blue eyes,
tanned complexion, and an outfit comprised of a black sports bra, skintight black spandex
plans that almost appeared to be painted on her legs, and black boots that did nothing to hide
her physically fit yet extremely voluptuous hourglass figure and showed off her massive Lcup breasts and equally massive heart-shaped ass.
'This woman… She shares physical features with the woman Asmodeus-kun fought in
Edolas.' Athena thought as she stared analytically at the newcomer. 'This may prove to be a
challenge.'
The woman in question suddenly disappears from Athena's sight in a black blur, before
Athena is suddenly blown away a considerable distance due to receiving a rather powerful
punch from her Kryptonian foe.

'I best take this seriously or this woman could cost me or Métis our lives.' Athena mentally
noted before utilizing [Kaioken] in conjunction with her [Chaos Energy]. 'I'll need to
subdue her fast before she can impede Metis!'
The black-haired Kryptonian charges at Athena with a punch but the bio-android simply
reappears behind her before the attack can connect. She stops before her body is bombarded
with hundreds of blows from seemingly nowhere as she is suddenly sent flying towards the
habitat in the inner ring and crashes.
'I need to step it up. That attack wouldn't keep her dazed for long.' Athena thought as she
increasingly channeled her [Aura] and [Ki] in conjunction with her [magic] and [Chaos
Energy] before sensing a massive surge of power coming from the direction of the female
Kryptonian, only to see her in the same solar transformation her blonde counterpart used in
Edolas, with solar energy and [Negative Chaos Energy] radiating off her. 'Dangerous,
indeed.'
Back in the habitat, the Kryptonian female gets up from the crater only to be suddenly
grabbed by the neck and lifted up by Athena before smashing her back down again, and
again, and again.
"Go to sleep. Go to sleep. Go to sleep. Go to sleep." Athena chants as she tries to knock her
out. However, she is stopped by a hand grabbing her face and throwing her a considerable
distance.
The Kryptonian lifts off and her body starts to flare before exploding like a supernova,
transforming into what can be described as a living black sun.
The transformed Kryptonian's eyes start to glow before she gets suddenly bombarded by
Métis' photon bombs.
"Métis! Keep her distracted!" Athena yells as her twin continues her assault before she is hit
with enhanced Heat Vision.
"Release [Babel Restriction Protocol: Level 2]." As soon as those words are uttered,
Athena's body suddenly turns crimson red as it radiates with massive [Chaos Energy].
"!?" The living sun stops her assault as she senses the absurd waves of power coming from
below before the red face of Athena appears mere inches away from her own, obscuring her
vision before suddenly bombarded with a barrage of strong hits at her while using [Chaos
Control] to appear from at different places, giving her opponent no time to counter.
Athena kicks her in the chest at an angle, sending her upwards before reappearing above, her
arm cannons fully charged.
"[Chaos Blast]!" She yells and fires a bright red beam that swallows the woman whole,
forcing everyone else to cover their eyes from the intense light.
When the light subsides, they see the Kryptonian on the ground, unconscious, her body back
to normal but with large patches for her skin completely burned.

Athena takes a knee as her body releases steam and it returns to its original color.
Just then Métis lands and walks over to her twin. "Are you alright, sister?"
"Yes, thank you." She raises her hand and clenches it as she smiles. "Incredible. So this is
what the [Babel Restriction] is like. What a rush!"
The [Babel Restriction Protocol] is a special feature within both Athena and Métis that
allows them to tap into the [Chaos Force: the source of all [Chaos Energy]. The lower the
level, the more power the androids can call upon.
However, the androids can't reach the lowest level of their own. As a fail safe, they require
another person to gain access, which can be either Asmodeus or Lamy herself.
"Wow. You sure left this place a mess." Athena's and Métis' eyes widened and they whip their
heads around to see me standing there with a smile.
"Asmodeus-kun! But what are you doing here!?" Athena exclaims.
"I was curious as to why I felt an energy signature near-identical to Power Girl's when she
was under Rusty's control, and now I see why." I look at the woman's still form on the ground
before turning back to Athena. "Defeating a Kryptonian is no easy task, Athena. You've come
a long way since getting that body and undergoing two years of training in the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber. Cell would be proud of you, and I certainly am now."
Athena blushes shyly at the praise before watching [The Gamer] walk towards the woman
and examine her.
Name: Divine
Title: Power Girl Clone
Affiliation: Maxwell Lord, Grimoire Heart
Level: 552
HP: 788,034
MP: 0
SP: 5,787,901
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
"A clone of Power Girl, huh? Well, it does explain the resemblance." I comment as I
use [Psionic Manipulation] and [Salvation] on her. 'Guess I shouldn't be surprised that
Rusty went after her as well. Whether because of the sheer might of Kryptonians or the fact

that she's the only character in DC besides Diana who can truly rival Power Girl in terms of
beauty and sex appeal due to being a black-haired clone of her.'
"Ugh… my head." Divine grumbles as she stirs awake. "When I get my hands on those two
scumbags, I'm gonna-!" She pauses as her eyes regain their focus and the first thing she sees
is a pair of beautiful silver eyes, accompanied by the most handsome man she has ever
seen. 'Oh fuck, he's hot!'
100 Affection from Divine (100/100)
[Well, that didn't take much effort. Another Kryptonian to add to the harem. And her
black hair is a plus]
"Hi, you might be a little out of it. I just broke the brainwashing." I told her.
"Who… are you?" Divine asks.
"My name's Asmodeus. Nice to meet ya!" I give her a charming smile that makes her blush
harder.
Before I knew it, Divine immediately pulled me in for a passionate and searing kiss, before
eventually pulling away.
"I don't really have a name, but you can call me Divine. And you have my eternal gratitude
and you can count on me for anything you want from me, and I do mean anything~" Divine
purred in a husky tone. 'I can already tell he'd be a way better boss than that arrogant
douchebag Maxwell Lord, and definitely a good lover from the looks of it. It even feels
natural to call him 'Master' because of those things, making him just my type!'
"Well… glad to see you're motivated." I said. "Anyways, my friends and I are on their way to
tearing down Rusty and Towa's plan. You in?"
"Am I in?" Divine's smile is full of teeth as her eyes glow red. "Hell yeah! I want nothing
more than to crush their skulls under my boots!"
"Awesome!" I said before continuing. "By the way, do you know someone called Power Girl?
Because aside from the hair, you look exactly like her."
"Yeah, I know who she is. I'm her clone after all." Divine reveals, but I already know that.
"And while I don't like her, I don't exactly hate her either. I do hate my 'creator' Maxwell
Lord, he can go to Hell." She then gives me a sultry smile as she lovingly wraps her arms
around my neck and firmly pressing her massive L-cup breasts against my chest. "So, would
you prefer if I call you by your name or simply just 'Master'? I'm perfectly fine with either~"
I couldn't help but sweatdrop. "You can call me whatever you want, though I greatly
appreciate the sudden loyalty for what it's worth."
Divine giggled before giving me another peck on the lips. "Don't mention it. And I'm more
than willing to prove my worth and loyalty in more ways than one when this is
over, Master~"

I then turn towards Athena. "I have to go, as I left some of my newfound allies rather
suddenly when I sensed Divine's power." I grab Divine's shoulder. "I trust you two will keep
free the [Aincrad] and protect from any other surprises?"
Athena nodded. "Of course, you can count on us, Asmodeus-kun."
"Good." I said before turning back to Divine. "Let's make those two bastards pay."
Divine eagerly nods before I teleport us away.
Métis walks forward. "Come. We need to disarm the other bombs."
"Right." However, before they can move, they sense an enormous energy surge above them
and when they look to see the [Aincrad] glowing dark blue.
"What-" A massive blast of [Negative Chaos Energy] surges from the base and hits the two
android hybrids, overloading their systems and promptly collapsing like stringless puppets.
Main Hall
*CLANG!*
*CLANG!*
*CLANG!*
The sounds of steel clashing against steel echo in the infested hall as the Sagiri twins' attacks
are easily blocked and thrown back.
*CLANG!*
*CLANG!*
"Damn, you weren't joking when you said she was strong, Yuko." Yoko admits with a
shortness of breath.
Sayo pants her right leg on the floor causing it to cave in before launching herself at
incredible speeds at Yoko as she attempts to mount a defense but she was overpowered and
pinned to the ground.
The brainwashed nurse lets out an animalistic roar at Yoko before proceeding to punch her
over and over, her metal gauntlets and inhuman strength draining her [Aura] rapidly as she
sinks further into the ground.
"Enough!" Yuko swings her blade, firing a blue crescent wave of energy.
Sayo turns just in time to be caught in the attack and gets blasts into the wall.
Yuko rushes to her twin. "Are you alright?" She offers Yoko her hand.
"I'll live…" Yoko takes her hand and Yuko pulls her up.

*CRASH!*
The twins turn back to watch Sayo dig herself out of the wall, staring intensely at them
through the black empty sockets of her mask.
"Do you have any suggestions on how to stop her?" Yoko asks as she takes a fighting stance.
"Yeah: don't stay still." Yuko told her. 'Irene really hit the nail on the head. Rustyrose just
keeps finding new ways to prove he's even worse than we thought.'
Sayo charges forward with animalistic ferocity.
"[Crushing Evil, Spreading the Truth: Absolute Heaven]!" Gildarts leaps forward and hits
the kunoichi with a Crush-infused punch, only to be stopped by the sudden appearance of a
ribcage.
"What!?" Screamed Gildarts before he is thrown away by a skeletal arm.
Muscle and skin begin to manifest around the ribcage, taking the form of a large magenta
avatar with a feminine build, its face framed by long flowing hair with an appendage that
takes the form of a blindfold around its eyes. Its primary weapon is a giant arm cannon that
replaces its right arm, its appearance is akin to a flower bud about to bloom.
Her empty black eyes were now purple with a ripple pattern encompassing the whole eye,
with 6 tomoes in each eye.
At the same time, the Sagiri twins struggle to keep up with Sayo.
'I need to stop Sayo soon, not just to save her, but to help the others with that woman. If her
eyes are anything like Asmodeus-kun's or Goryu's, she will be a tricky foe.' Yuko thought in
frustration.
Yuko raises her sword up. "Let's do this, nee-san."
"Right." Yoko slips her blade back in its scabbard.
"[Limit Break]!" In a burst of light, the two transform into their battle forms.
"Let's go!" The two vanish from sight and reappear close to Sayo attacking on both sides.
The brainwashed nurse parries all of their blows, however, as the fight ensues, Sayo starts to
make mistakes. Her blows aren't as precise as before and she's leaving small openings,
enough for the sisters to deliver deep slashes on her body.
Yet despite the injuries, Sayo is unaffected as she goes on the offensive again.
Yoko fires a barrage of ki blasts from her hand, but Sayo dodges them all at incredible speeds
before charging at Yoko for a haymaker.

However, Yuko steps in at the last second and blocks Sayo's fist with her sword, causing a
gust of wind to pick up behind her.
"Oh yes, you are definitely stronger than last time, and faster too." Yuko remarks before
pushing Sayo back.
Yoko converges her [Aura] and [Ki] into the blade before swinging it in an arc, unleashing a
green crescent wave.
Sayo blocks the energy attack with her metal gauntlets before she is engulfed in an explosion.
However, the Sagiri twins knew it wasn't over and sure enough, an unharmed Sayo walks out
of the smoke as pieces of her destroyed gauntlet fall on the floor.
Sayo puts a fist in her other hand and cracks her neck.
"Round 1's over, huh?" Yuko said.
The fight's just beginning.
Meanwhile, the others dodge a chakra-blast from the [Susanoo's] arm cannon, colliding with
the wall behind them resulting in a huge explosion.
"You know, I thought it was amazing when Asmodeus used this ability, but it's horrible to be
on the receiving end of it!" Gildarts complained.
"Focus, Gildarts! I don't wanna hurt this poor woman given that she's a fellow victim of that
bastard, but we need to stop her!" 21 reprimands in her Majin form as she, Konomi, and
Chisato unleash a barrage of energy blasts against their opponent, with Dimaria charging a
combination blast of [Time God Slayer Magic, [Aura], [Ki, and [Chaos Energy] in her
hybrid form.
"[Time God's Shift: Accelerate]!" Dimaria yells as she unleashes her attack against
the [Susanoo, causing it to degrade before it falls apart and its summoner also falls to her
knees.
"[Time God Slayer Magic] allows me to control the very foundations of time itself. I can
reverse it, accelerate it, and so much more." Dimaria states.
21 quickly puts it together. "I see! You send the [Susanoo] forward in time to a point where
all its energy was spent!"
Dimaria nods. "But I have to be careful. If you don't have a good grasp of time, then I can
unravel the space around us easily."
During the two years in the Hyperbolic Time Chamber, Asmodeus helped her train her new
magic and explained its potential, as well as the dangers of letting such a power go awry. He
said that time is very fickle and that it's easily abused. He also said that Rustyrose likely gave
her the Lacrima because of her ancestry and magic.

Flashback
"It's thanks to your [God Soul] that you're been able to use this magic so effectively. It's
made your body more resilient and more sensitive to anomalies in time." Asmodeus ponders
for a moment. "It may also be possible that you'll manifest other abilities from the soul inside
you.
"Does this mean I will become a god of time?" Dimaria asks.
"Maybe, I honestly don't know." Asmodeus admits. "With all the stuff Rusty put inside you
girls, it may have been his end goal to have goddesses in his harem."
"Bleg." Dimaria gagged.
"But hey. His loss, our gain. We'll use the power he abused against him, and give him a
beatdown he won't walk out of." He smiles and Dimaria smiles in turn.
Flashback ends
"Huh. I didn't think manipulating time could be so dangerous." Konomi comments.
"It's not when you use it on a smaller scale. But [Time God Slayer Magic] is on a league of
its own, so I have to keep any alterations at a minimum." Dimaria said.
Meanwhile, the brainwashed ninja starts to get up before she is suddenly bound by thorny
vines.
"Now, now. We can't have you resisting, now can we?" Kyôka walks towards her. "You
know, I always wondered just how durable you girls are while under his control. Let's find
out, shall we?"
However, before Kyôka can do anything, she is suddenly sent flying back by a sudden burst
of force coming from the woman.
She stands up and quickly destroys vines that restrained her.
"Tch. I knew this was too easy." Chisato said.
The woman clasps her hands together as energy spreads around them. "[Storm Release:
Laser Circus]!" A volley of laser beams shoots out from the energy field and rapidly
converges on the group.
Gildarts infused his arm with [Crush] swinging it, sending a wave of his [Aura]-infused
magic at the beams destroying it.
21 powers up and transforms and uses her [Telekinesis] to redirect the beams back to the
woman, which get absorbed into her the closer they get.
"Be careful! She has the same abilities that Asmodeus has!" 21 yelled.

*BOOM!*
Suddenly a large explosion grabs their attention and they see the Sagiri twins jumping away
from the berserk Sayo.
The wild nurse quickly grabs the two women by their shoulders and throws them far away
like baseballs.
Jellal dashes forward at Sayo. "[Jiu Leixing]!" He creates nine lightning-based swords
behind him, each infused with a combination of [Ki] and [Aura] and fires them at pointblank, pushing her back a bit.
"She was able to tank my [Jiu Leixing] at point-blank!?" A shocked Jellal said.
Sayo then charges at Jellal.
"[Meteor]!" Jellal's body glows gold and leaps back a great distance just as Sayo nearly
punches his face.
Seeing an opportunity, Gildarts hits the floor with a powerful strike. "[Mizuwari]!" His
magic quickly spreads, leveling the entire floor in front of him and trapping Sayo in a bed of
rubble.
Chisato then summons a magic circle under the rubble that turns it gray, freezing it in time.
However, it doesn't take long for the bed of rubble to explode outwards and Sayo climbs out
unharmed.
"No way. She can move even in frozen time!? Just what kind of monster did those two
make!?" An alarmed Chisato exclaims in horror.
"This woman is determined, I'll give her that. To stop at nothing to complete her goal. I can
respect that." Gildarts smirks.
"Yeah. But that mask of hers is really scary." A scared Theta on his shoulder says.
"Will you two quit complimenting her already!?" Chisato yells at them.
Thorns shout out from all angles and wrap Sayo tight, but it still wasn't enough to stop her
advance.
"Tch. She is fighting the [Thorn Curse]! I won't be able to keep her restrained like this!"
Kyôka slams her hands together and a large, monstrous flower covered with spikes and
chains bursts under Sayo's feet and traps her inside its bulb.
However, Kyôka notices the bulb shaking as her rattling grows louder before it bursts and
Sayo lunges towards the Etherious like a predator before being kicked away by Yoko.
"Hurry up and find a way to stop her!" Yoko tells the group as she and her sister run after her.

"I think we can help with that." Kyôka turns to see 21 and Dimaria approaches her. "We will
share our [Chaos Energy] with you, and you use it in conjunction with [Macro] to stop her
and free her from Rustyrose's control."
Kyôka nods as 21 and Dimaria each place a hand on Kyoka's shoulders and channel [Chaos
Energy] into her, making her stronger than ever before.
"Let's do this!" Kyôka unleashes the full power of her [Curse] and points it all at Sayo.
The [Chaos Energy] flowing into her resonates with her desire to stop and subdue her foe,
significantly augmenting the strength and potency of the [Curse] exponentially, which was
more evident as Sayo suddenly stops moving before gradually losing consciousness.
Yuko quickly rushes to her friend and catches her before she falls to the floor, the sudden stop
though does cause her red oni mask to slide off, revealing a beautiful sleeping face framed
with blue locks of hair underneath.
"Thank goodness." Yuko whispers she picks up Sayo and carries her bridal-style just as the
rest of the group walks in.
"So, she's finally down, huh?" Gildarts smiles lecherously as he gets a good look at Sayo.
"Damn, she's hot as hell!" And then gets smacked by 21. "Ow! What did I do!?"
"While I know you are a good man at heart, Gildarts-san, need i remind you that Sayo was
brainwashed and altered to suit the desires of a power-hungry degenerate like Rustyrose?
Take it from another one of his victims when I say that being the target of perverse
admiration is the last thing any of us want." 21 scolded, causing Gildarts to look down in
shame.
"Yay, we did it!" Theta cheers happily as tiny fireworks explode in the background.
"Now, there's only one last thing we need to do." Yoko turns to the doors beyond.
21 walks up to the doors and places her hands on it. "The doors sealed shut. We need the key
if we want to get inside."
"I think I can help with that." The group whips back to see Kisuke with Lady Avalon, along
with Ennie, Luso, Faris and Touka.
"Kisuke!? Avalon!?"
"That's right. The handsome owner of the famous Urahara Shop and his beautiful employees
have arrived to save the day~" Kisuke sang.
"You may bow~" Lady Avalon adds.
"H-Hi." Faris shyly waves at them.
"Hello!" Luso happily waves while Ennie rolls her eyes.
"What are you doing here!?" Yuko demands.

"Why else? To help. Speaking of…" Kisuke points the screwdriver at the door and activates
it. "Open Sesame~"
With a click, the doors open.
"Well come on." Kisuke walks in and quickly the others follow.
When they enter, the Control Room is completely untouched by the infection outside,
however, they are met by the sound of a bell tolling.
"Whoa, I didn't know Asmodeus was into gothic. This place gives me the creeps." Gildarts
comments as he feels a chill running down his spine.
"What is that?" Yuko asks, referring to the bell.
"A warning. The engines are going critical. We are out of time." Kisuke walks up to the
controls but sees that they're dead. "Crap."
"Perhaps the interface to your right may be the key." Sigma suggests.
"Huh?" Kisuke looks to his right and, sure enough, there's a convenient screwdriver-sized
hole in the console.
"Ah. Thanks, Sigma." He inserts the [Sonic Screwdriver] inside and immediately a soft
whirl is heard as the room powers up.
"Now let's shut Rusty's scheme down." Kisuke inputs the commands into the keyboard.
ERROR!
"What? That's not right."
21 walks towards Kisuke. "What's wrong?"
"I don't know. The system isn't accepting my commands." Kisuke says as he runs a quick
scan.
Low Power.
WARNING!
Main systems compromised.
Dimensional integrity corrupted.
Catastrophic system failure imminent.
"This is not good." Sigma said.
"Tch. Is this thing even reliable?" Dimaria comments in annoyance.

"The emeralds have been active for too long, they're generating far more power than
the [Aincrad] can contain. It's going to explode and take this dimension with it." Kisuke
reveals.
"Can you stop it?" 21 asks.
"Well-" The two jump back as a shower of sparks bursts followed by a small explosion from
the controls. "No!"
"It appears that the computer has a counterpoint." Sigma comments.
"What happened?" Gildarts asks the two scientists.
"Power surge. The console's completely fried, I can't shut the engines down." Kisuke pulls
out the sonic and sees that it's completely burnt. "Crap."
"Is there anything else you can do?" Chisato asks.
"No. Not from here at least." Kisuke says. "The only way to stop this now is to shut down the
emeralds directly, but that still won't stop the universe from tearing itself apart."
"Then how do we stop it!?" Yoko yells, clearly becoming frustrated and concerned at the
thought of that monster succeeding in his plan.
Lady Avalon turns to Yoko and smiles. "Don't worry, everyone. I'm sure the solution will
make itself known to us soon."
Just then, Mirajane Strauss suddenly appears between the group and she's holding a giant
green gem that's as big as a person.
"Special delivery." Mira happily quips.
*BOOM!*
A large explosion blows a pair of large ornate golden doors off their hinges as a figure steps
out of the smoke.
"So, this is where the magic happens." I look around and smile. "A bit tacky for my liking."
The room is spacious, enough for a transformer to move freely without issue. The walls and
floors are seemingly made out of gold with a line of red pillars and a carpet heading to the
center of the room and a glass roof above it.
At said center is a giant world tree with black bark with even darker leaves in its branches. It
is radiating immense power. Hanging on those branches are fruits that take the shape of
transparent orbs with yellow flames inside giving them the appearance of lanterns.
However, what draws my attention is what's in the center of the tree: a beautiful naked
woman seemingly growing out of its body, but I knew who it was just the face and the energy

she's exuding.
"Selene." I called out.
"Don't bother. In her current state she can't feel anything, she's locked in a perpetual dream
state."
I look down and see a throne at the end of the path and sitting on said throne a pale man with
blue skin and white hair styled in a mohawk, having a line on both cheeks that goes from the
eyes until his jaw. His outfit consists a black suit with red shoes, red coat, and a pair of
fingerless black gloves on both hands.
[Mira? What's he doing here?]
"I'm impressed. You managed to cause me a lot more trouble than I thought. Not only have
you taken my darling wives, but you had your fairy friends tear apart my base. Frankly, I am
very upset right now." Mira says in a familiar voice.
Rustyrose? But why is he in Mira's body?
[Didn't Sirin mention something about Rusty?]
Flashback
"I tore him to pieces. I plucked out his eyes, charred his skin, tore off his limbs and removed
his lungs and larynx. I showered him with [Honkai Energy] and I watched him wry in slow
and painful agony as my power ate away at his living remains like cancer." Sirin sneers as her
anger flares. "But before I could finish him off, that old hag stabbed me with this cursed
sword, and used that moment of confusion to seal me away."
Flashback ends
Oh right.
"So this is how you survived even after what Sirin did to you. She certainly didn't hold back,
not that I can blame her. A little surprised Towa apparently used Mira's DNA to restore your
body, definitely not the most attractive appearance. But that's karma for you." I replied
mockingly. "Also, 'darling wives'? Those girls were just toys; your playthings. And all of
them thoroughly hate you with a passion after what you did to them. And what did you
expect regarding your base? You're trying to trigger a fucking big bang and turn the
multiverse into your personal fantasy world."
Rusty scoffs. "As I thought, you fail to understand my motivation. I am creating a utopia
where the evils of humanity have never been touched, an ideal that Master Hades has worked
his entire life to achieve, with me as its god. However, even godhood can get lonely
eventually, so why not populate the multiverse with my perfect offspring, born from the most
powerful and exotic female specimens the multiverse has ever produced?!" He exclaims.
"Surely you, a fellow god, can understand."
[Yup it's official, he's gone coo coo for cocoa puffs]

I break out in laughter. "Seriously!? You–You think we're GODS!? HAHAHAHAHA! That
has to be the greatest joke I've ever heard!" The laughter comes to a sudden halt as my
expression hardens with visible hatred in my eyes. "I could give two shits about what your
motivations are. You crossed a line you should have never stepped on, and I am here to
remind you of your place."
"And what line, pray tell, did I cross?" Rusty asks.
"You went after what doesn't belong to you. My Chaos Emeralds, my friends, and above all
my FAMILY!" I spat as power surges through my body. "Did you think, FOR ONE
FUCKING SECOND, that I would allow you to run rampant like this!? No, you are going
to DIE here in the most painful way imaginable!"
*BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!*
The room shakes as the sounds of distant explosions can be heard in the background.
I let out a dark laugh. "Such a beautiful sound, wouldn't you say? Fairy Tail is hard at work,
demolishing your ambition brick by bloody brick." My tone was dripping with venom. "I also
took the liberty of sending them some eager volunteers to hasten the process." My smile was
full of teeth. "Hope you don't mind."
But Rusty doesn't respond to my taunt, instead looking at me like a disappointed parent.
"So this is how you want to spend your last breaths? A final attempt to get a rise out of me?"
He spat. "You could have conquered this entire universe, but instead you decide to play
wizard with a bunch of neanderthals? You are a disappointment. A waste of your true
potential."
[Wow. Is this guy for real? Does he really think his words have any meaning right now?]
"A waste of my potential? And what do you call this? Your full potential?" I gesture to the
golden throne room. "This is just you taking your vanity to the extreme. I mean, seriously,
gold? Who the hell would want a room made of shining metal? All of that polish is just
gonna make you go blind." More explosions erupt as I stare directly at Rusty's red eyes. "No,
you are a narcissistic asshole with a massive God Complex. This is you being petty that
there's someone out there who is much stronger than you, who has friends, who has women
who love him naturally and without resorting to some sick experiments."
Rusty's grip on the arms of his throne tightens as his enemy continues.
"To love someone is to not only trust, respect, and care for them, but to also CHOOSE to
have a certain degree of vulnerability with them." I shake my head. "And unlike you, I can
understand that all decisions have consequences and I can face the truth no matter how
uncomfortable it may be." I reminisce of my fight with my Shadow Self. "And thanks to my
experience, I know EXACTLY what your type of behavior is like and how it always ends."
*SMASH!*

Rusty crushes the arms of this throne.
"ENOUGH!" He yells, [Evil Ki] and [Negative Chaos Energy] bursts from his body as he
stands up. "I see now it was stupid to persuade you to see my views. I will kill you, then I
will destroy the fairies and take all of the women for myself!"
Epic Quest Unlocked!
Quest: Save the Multiverse
Rustyrose stands before you. Show him no mercy.
Objective 1: Kill Rustyrose
Objective 2: Stop the Genesis Wave
Objective 3: Destroy the Halo Ring
Rewards: 3,998,012 EXP, 2,655,121 Credits, Titles, Perks, Items, and Gacha Tokens
"HA! I was hoping you'd say that!" A toothy grin forms on my face as the shackles on my
feet and wrists vanish.
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons, Master Forger, Master of Death, Lord of Terror, Blade God
Race: Omniversal Chimera
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 1,709
HP: 363,470,520 (36347052 per minute)
MP: 273,628,290 (27362829 per minute)
SP: 181,803,620 (18180362 per minute)
AP: 530,849,880 (53084988 per minute)
VIT: 9,086,763
STR: 9,021,821
DEX: 9,090,181
END: 9,090,181
INT: 17,530,932

WIS: 17,694,996
MAG: 9,120,943
LUK: 9,086,763
CHA: 9,097,017
Credits: 5,112,307,690
"Let's dance motherfucker!" I turn [Dark King] and charge at Rusty.
The two jump at amazing speeds and their fists collide, creating a shockwave that destroys
the pillars and throne.
They struggle as they start a tug of war, wisps of electricity fly out and level the floor. They
then break the deadlock and quickly throw a fury of punches and kicks at each other, but
Rusty's blows could barely do any damage due to my resilient [Aura].
"C'mon Rusty, is that the best you got? Because I'm not even trying." I taunt and deliver
a powerful sweeping kick that sends the mage-turned-demon straight towards the wall.
As Rustyrose falls from the wall to the ground, he slowly gets back up and continues glaring
at me.
"Seriously, have you done ANY serious training since gaining that new body? On
second thought, don't say anything, I already know the answer." I said with mild
disappointment. Mira was a bio-Android just like Cell and 21, and while he was technically
considered below them in terms of potential, his genetic templates granted him great
untapped potential nonetheless. Mix that with magic, alchemy, and [Chaos Energy] then you
would have a pretty powerful and dangerous enemy. But it seems he didn't put as much effort
into actually training, and now it was coming back to bite him.
But hey, his loss is my gain.
Rusty flies upwards. "I have learned enough to beat you, Asmodeus! You have yet to see the
fruits of my research!" He waves his hands and from the sea of black leaves, a large perfectly
spherical fruit descends.
I feel a foreboding chill running down my spine as I stare at the fruit, and given the various
franchises I knew of where individuals could get stronger by eating certain food, I knew they
likely served a purpose. Though I was getting reminded of the God Tree from Naruto and the
Tree of Might from Dragon Ball, in particular.
"What, are you taking a snack break in the middle of the fight?" I asked in a dismissive
tone as Rusty flew towards the fruit.
"Hehehe." Rusty plucks the fruit from its branch. "Behold the culmination of my research
of [Alchemy] and [Chaos Energy: the Svartalfheim Fruit."

"Svartalfheim?" I mutter. That name sounds familiar.
[Svartalfheim is one of the nine realms in Norse mythology. It's the home of the Dark
Elves, who are opposite to the Light Elves of Alfheim. It is also the home of the dwarves,
who are incredibly skilled in smithing and mining]
"This tree was born from my experiments with the ordinary Tree of Might. I have enhanced
it, made it stronger, and capable of birthing powerful fruits." Ruty explains.
[But wait, from what we remember, the Tree of Might consumes the energy and life
force of PLANETS to nourish itself and grow fruits. If Rusty enhanced it…]
"Then it will need more energy, something beyond a planet." I finish before my eyes
widen in horror. "You didn't-"
"I used the energy of entire universes to nourish my tree, nurture it into what you see now."
Rusty reveals.
"So then… all of the women you kidnapped-"
"Are the last survivors of their native universes. Orphans with no place to call home." Rusty's
smile turns wicked. "But that won't last much longer, because soon they will have a new
home… with me as their god and husband."
[This guy…]
I clench my fists so tight that they start to bleed.
"Tell me something…" I mutter loud enough for him to hear. "How does Selene fit into all
of this?"
"Selene? Oh the dragon god." Rusty didn't even remember her name. "She had a role once, I
think, but when we discovered the true power of the emeralds, she was useless to us. I wanted
to make her a puppet but Towa suggested we use her to strengthen the Svartalfheim Tree so
that the fruits can grow faster and be ready for harvest."
"I always knew you were the lowest and vilest of scum, but I truly underestimated just
how low you can go." I grit my teeth as my rage reaches a boiling point, even [Gamer's
Mind] was having a hard time containing it. "It's bad enough you kidnapped Selene and
all of those other girls to fulfill your perverted fantasies, but now you destroy entire
universes in your thirst for power?!"
[Not gonna lie, this definitely puts Rustyrose on the top ten list of worst scumbags in the
multiverse]
"It was a necessary sacrifice in my ascension to godhood. Which you will now witness!"
Rustyrose proclaims as he eats the fruit in his hand. Immediately afterwards, a massive surge
of power and bright light engulfed him.

When the light fades, Rusty's appearance has changed. His skin color is a lighter shade of
blue, and his eyes are no purple. He gains white fur all over his body, and his hair grows out,
making him appear similar to a SSJ4 though tailless. He wears a black open leg cape, red
pants, and black boots with yellow lining. He gains a golden Grimoire Heart symbol on his
chest.
Name: Rustyrose
Title: Dark Alchemist, Lord of the Underworld, False Chaos God, False Demon God
Affiliation: Grimoire Heart, Demon Realm
Level: 1000
HP: 109,443,566
MP: 178,544,121
SP: 155,090,312
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: A thorn in his side
Special Perk: Fruit of Chaos
Allows anyone who eats the fruit of Svartalfheim to gain a permanent Super state.
Increases all stats x1000.
I simply stared before declaring, "Wow… what a rip-off." Before being suddenly slammed
in the stomach and sent flying.
-51,899,810 Damage (50%)
380,341,355/406,291,260 AP
278,185,840/278,185,840 HP
I stop myself and look up at Rusty who hasn't moved from his spot. "W-What the hell!?"
A second impact rang out as something slammed my back, before seeing that Rusty was gone
and blitzing me over and over, leaving behind white balls of light and detonating all at once,
slinging me to the ground.
-80,110,001 Damage (50%)
340,286,354/406,291,260 AP
278,185,840/278,185,840 HP

'This power… it isn't ki or even magic based.' I put one foot up and rise on my feet. 'No… this
is [Chaos Control] taken to a whole other level. Did eating that fruit allow Rusty to achieve
his own [Super Form]?"
"Do you see now? Do you see the power I now possess? The power of a god?" Rusty
descends down with his arms crossed. "I can destroy you in any way I choose, I can stop time
and bend space, create energy that can eclipse the stars themselves. THIS is the power you
could have had if you didn't waste your time with the plebeians, the potential you so eagerly
wasted!"
Wasted… I guess some would see it that way. I didn't do a lot of things most Gamer stories
do. I didn't just focus on obtaining power. I didn't conquer Remnant though I could have done
it easily, then it was only a matter of moving on to the next universe, and the next and next. I
could have easily taken the [Spring Maiden] from Raven and killed her, but instead I spared
her.
Why did I spare her again? It's not like she was that important to the overall story, but I still
did so.
"Hmph. You were just a waste of time after all. What a drag." Rusty raises his arm and
charges a large orb of [Chaos Energy]. "DIE!"
He fires the attack, vaporizing the floor underneath as it makes its way towards its target.
However, instead of a blinding energy attack, I see a woman wearing a white cloak with a
smile on her face.
"Oh…" A thin smile appears on my face. "I remember."
I raise my arm and the attack collides with my palm.
"What!?" Rusty yelled.
"Do you wanna know why I 'wasted my potential' as you put it?" I suddenly asked. "It's
because I don't fit the norm."
"?" Rusty was confused.
"I didn't choose to be reborn into this chaotic multiverse for power or conquest, I could
give less of a damn about it. Sure, being strong is useful, but it's just a tool at the end of
the day. It define me." I state. "No, I wanted freedom. Freedom to explore, to see
impossible things, meet impossible people, find bizarre adventures, and just be my true
self."
"What are you talking about!?" Rusty demands.
I chuckle. "What I'm saying, dear Rusty, is that we couldn't be so different. We couldn't
get along even if we knew each other our whole lives. Because you live in the past, and I
live in the moment. You are being controlled by a past that no longer matters while I
have no strings on me." My smile grows a bit. "Do you understand?"

Rusty grits his teeth the longer he listens.
"You sure said all the crap you wanted back there." I crack both knuckles. "Sadly for
you, I'm the type that takes such things to heart."
"GUAH!" Rusty doubles forward as he coughs blood before looking down to find his enemy
punching him in the gut. 'B-But… when did-' But before he can finish he is sent flying
upwards by the incredible punch.
I reappear above him with Instant Transmission and deliver a powerful kick that sends him to
the other side. I continue using the technique to send him back and forth across the room like
a football, building up high speeds before finishing it off with a Double Ax Handle sending
him crashing into the ground, leveling the place.
Rusty groans as he opens his eyes before they shoot wide open as he sees Asmodeus holding
a shining black energy orb.
"[Big Bang Kamehameha]!" I fire the attack at Rusty and is swallowed whole before
exploding.
When the dust cleared, Rustyrose had gaping wounds all over his body, but I see them
already regenerating and his power increasing due to the Saiyan DNA he likely got from
Mira.
"Time to stop playing fair." I said before performing a few hand signs. "[Hidden Mist
Jutsu]!"
Immediately, the entire chamber is shrouded in a thick veil of mist, and since it was artificial
mist generated with [Chakra] and boosted with my [Ki] and [Aura, Rustyrose wouldn't be
able to sense me through it.
When Rusty regains consciousness, he finds the entire room covered in a thick mist.
"Seriously? This petty parlor trick of yours won't stop me!" Rusty yells.
"Oh really? I rather think it works beautifully. It's so funny watching you tumble on
whatever rocks you come across." The infuriating voice of Asmodeus echoes all over the
mist.
As I say this, Rusty's foot hits a random rock and he stumbles causing me to rupture in
laughter.
"I will find you, boy. And rip that smile off your face along with the rest of your head!" Rusty
snarls.
"Really?" He hears him chuckle. "But we just got to the fun part."
*SQUELCH!*

"GAAAAH!" Rusty screams in pain as he sees a blade protruding from his chest, his purple
blood dripping on the ground. "W-What…?"
"Give them back."
Rusty's eyes regain their focus as he sees the person behind this attack. "Y-You…! Golden
Dark- GUUH!"
"Yuuki Rito, Lala-sama… Mikan." She looks up revealing her big magenta eyes and the tears
running down her face. "GIVE THEM BACK TO ME!"
*SQUELCH!* *SQUELCH!* *SQUELCH!* *SQUELCH!* *SQUELCH!*
*SQUELCH!* *SQUELCH!*
Multiple swords sprout from Rusty's body, effectively turning him into a pin cushion, before
he is thrown away like garbage.
As Rusty tries to get back up, Yami quickly approaches him and pins him down with her foot.
"I HATE you, Rustyrose! You've taken everything from me and so many others! My friends!
My home! My universe! And then you had the gall to try and make me your slave!" Yami
screams and slices off one of his arms.
"She's not the only one, Rustyrose. We lost so much and suffered horribly because of you." A
familiar feminine voice coldly states that sends shivers down his spine.
'No, please not her!' Rustyrose frantically thinks as he turns to the source of the voice, and
his heart stops.
Standing before him was the most dangerous female he and Towa had kidnapped and one of
the most powerful beings of all time: Jean Grey herself, the [White Phoenix]!
And she's PISSED!
"I've encountered numerous challenges, threats, and despicable beings on a near-constant
basis throughout the years as a member of the X-Men, but you easily are among the worst."
Jean says, moving closer to the now trembling Rustyrose. "If it wasn't for Asmodeus, you
would have kept us in your little freezer forever."
"I had to freeze you! Neither of you could be controlled!" Rusty screams out, only to feel a
crushing telekinetic pressure all over his body.
"And you wonder why? I'm one of my universe's most powerful telepaths, not to mention the
vessel for one of the oldest and strongest cosmic entities in the multiverse." Jean gestures to
the girl. "Yami here is essentially a living nanomachine colony, her brain can literally
overwrite your brainwashing no matter how strong it is."
"And we aren't yours to control! We're living beings with our own wills and desires, not your
property! But because you thought otherwise, we lost everything and suffered horribly!"
Yami cries, tears still streaming down her face.

Yami then stabs him again multiple times, with Jean watching silently as the little assassin
gets her fill, though she did have a fireball made of cosmic flames ready to be used at a
moment's notice.
"Gah! Where is that bastard, Asmodeus?! I can't believe he released you two and is now
hiding behind both of you like a coward!" Rusty spits out as he regenerates from his wounds.
"Who says I'm hiding? I just wanted to give the girls the chance to punish you before I
finish you off." I said as the mist cleared enough to reveal myself with Emma, Natasha, and
Divine by my side.
Rusty paled. "Oh no…"
"Remember me? Yeah, you do!" Divine cracks her knuckles.
Natasha's glares at him as electricity dances in her fingers.
"You want to do the honors, Emma?" Jean asks her teammate.
"With pleasure, Jean." Emma says as her entire body turns into diamond and approaches
Rustyrose before stomping HARD on his crotch, causing him to squeal in pain. "Won't be so
easy to use women like us to fulfill your depraved fantasies now, will it?"
Divine blows Rustyrose back with her Heat Vision as he is flung into a portal where Illyana is
waiting on the other side and attacks, leaving a large deep slash wound across his chest.
"Gah!" Rusty yelps in pain before he is kicked back into the portal by the Mutant Sorceress.
He tries to get up but is quickly shot in vital areas by Natasha's [Widow Bites] before she
charges in and restrains him in place.
"Y-You're dead… YOU ARE ALL SO FUCKING-" But suddenly Rusty's vocal cords are
crushed. "...!?"
"Shut. Up! Just stop talking for once in your goddamn life!" Jean growls, her body lightly
igniting in cosmic flames.
"I'd listen to the cosmic goddess if I were you, Rusty. And this is just the start, as these
five lovely ladies aren't the only ones who want their pound of flesh from you. And I'll
make sure you don't die until they are all satisfied." I said as Magik appeared behind
me. "Considering you subjected so many girls to a living hell and took everything from
them, it's only fair they get to do the same to you."
But just then, the room begins to rumble.
"What's going on?" Emma wonders.
My eyes widen as I feel the IMMENSE quantities of [Negative Chaos Energy] traveling to
every corner of this place.

"Huhuhuhuhu…" Everyone hears the sound of laughter and turns to Rustyrose as his wounds
regenerate. "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
"Disgusting." Yami cringed at the sight.
"What is so funny, you rat?" Emma demands.
"It's begun!" Rusty says with glee.
The Halo Array powers up, its structure pulsing as [Negative Chaos Energy] starts to wrap
around it.
In a certain lab, energy travels to two pods as its occupants start absorbing the energy, stirring
from their slumber.
Towa smiles before letting out an unhinged cackle.
Everyone looks around as the entire room pulses with power.
"What's going on here!?" Emma asks.
Jean hugs herself, terrified, from seemingly nothing. "The hatred… the despair… so much
darkness."
"Jean?" Emma turns to her friend with concern.
"Hehehehe…" The group turns to a chuckling Rustyrose.
"What's so funny?" Divine glares at the mad mage.
"You're too late… the Halo Array is now activated. The rebirth of the multiverse is about to
unfold!" Rusty cackles.
"What the hell are you talking about!?" Emma demanded.
"The Genesis Wave." The girls turn to Asmodeus. "It is a phenomenon created using the
energies of a Chaos Emerald to rewrite reality to the user's benefit. And with the power
of all seven, it can go further beyond and its effects are irreversible."
"Yes." Rusty's wounds close and stand up triumphant. "Now, you will witness the birth of
the [Ultimate Magic World] that we dreamed of!"
"Yeah… I don't think so." I said before glancing to my side. "Delta?"
Delta's life-size hologram appears, surprising everyone. "Executing system shutdown
sequence."

Outside, the Halo's power begins to weaken before it is shut off completely. [Chaos
Energy] seizes to travel from the [Aincrad] to the ring.
"What!? Delta!?" Rusty yells in shock.
"Indeed. It is nice to finally meet you face to face, and through a puppet." Delta says before
turning to me. "I have already sent a message to the other teams, they should be here 63.5
seconds."
"Cool. Thanks, Delta." I said and the AI disappeared.
Rusty blinks horror, trying to process it all. "What's going on? Delta shouldn't be able to have
full control. He said so himself!" But the horror only worsens when he hears that all-too
familiar chuckle.
"Well… you're not completely wrong." I said with a smug grin.
Flashback
Lamy and her group run through the walkways, carrying an unconscious Meredy, Jenny, and
Yukino as they make their way to their escape route.
"Is that…?" Lucy wonders and Ur nods.
"Yup. It's him alright. But who are those other three he's with?" Ur asks, sensing three
unfamiliar energy signatures.
But that's when Lamy realizes something. "But wait, if we can sense him, doesn't that mean-"
She's interrupted, however, when the man himself suddenly appears behind them along with
Yami, Divine, Natasha, Illyana, Emma, and Jean.
"I knew that energy was familiar." I smile at the group. "Hello girls!"
"DARLING/MASTER!" Lamy and Ur lunged at me and I caught them in a tight embrace.
"WE MISSED YOU!"
"I missed you, too. I missed you all." My voice brimming with pure emotion as I return their
affection.
"A-hem." Emma clears her throat, grabbing my attention. "Are you not going to introduce us,
Asmodeus?"
"Right." I gestured to the 6 girls. "Everyone. I would like you to meet Yami-chan, Divine,
Jean Grey, Natasha Romanoff, Illyana Rasputin, and Emma Frost. They are among the
various women I rescued after I escaped Towa's lab."
"Nice to meet you!" Jean says with a smile.
"Hello." Natasha said.

"Hi! My name's Lucy Heartfillia! I'm a mage from Fairy Tail!" Lucy bows.
"Hn." Yami nods in acknowledgement.
"I'm Illyana Rasputin. You can call me Magik." Illyana smiled. "Wow, you're so pretty."
"Thanks, I think you're pretty too!" Lucy smiles back.
"My name's Ur. I'm an Ice-Make mage, but I'm not affiliated with a Magic Guild. I'm one of
Asmodeus' wives." Ur says without hesitation.
"W–One of them!? You have MULTIPLE WIVES!?" Jean shrieks in surprise as she turns
back to me, her face as red as her hair.
"Can definitely see why." Divine smirked at the revelation, not put off since Kryptonian
culture permitted polygamy even if it was rather uncommon prior to Krypton's destruction,
which she knew thanks to the knowledge she gained from her genetic template.
"My, I didn't know you were such a lady killer." Emma's smile becomes mischievous. "Say,
you wouldn't happen to have room for another, hm?"
"Emma, that's not funny!" Jean chastises her fellow telepath.
"Don't pretend like you weren't thinking about it too, Jean. There's no shame in it, especially
since he's obviously a massive upgrade over your ex-husband." Emma coyly counters,
causing Jean's face to become even redder from embarrassment but she ultimately didn't deny
it.
[Thank goodness Jean revealed she is divorced from Scott. That means she's
DEFINITELY fair game!]
"Considering the demonic and draconic energies I can detect from you, I'm not surprised."
Magik noted in amusement before looking at Jean and Emma. "Don't treat it like it's
unnatural or wrong, you two. A lot of supernatural races and mystical communities practice
polygamy, including demons and dragons that possess human forms and aren't malevolent
assholes."
"And I'm Lamy! I'm my Master's #1 servant!" Lamy exclaims, her rabbit ears wiggle happily.
"Is she a Mutant?" Jean wonders and starts patting her head. "Aw, you're so cute!"
"Stop it! I am not cute, I am a demon!" Lamy yells, but Jean just gushes over how cute she is.
"Looks like I'm not the only one calling you 'Master'." Divine says in amusement while
looking at me.
"Asmodeus-san!" Nanoha skips towards her savior with a cheerful smile with Fate not far
behind.

"Hey Nanoha-chan, Fate-chan. It's good to see you." I turn to their intelligent staves. "Raising
Heart, Bardiche. I hope you're both doing well."
"[We are. Thank you for your concern]." Raising Heart said.
"[Certainly]." Bardiche adds.
"Jean and Emma here are powerful telepaths, they can read people's minds as well as
manipulate them. I had them generate a psychic wave that would wipe Rusty's mental hold on
the women he had sicced on us." I told them, shocking them.
"That was YOU!?" Lucy exclaims. "Thank you! Thank you for saving my friend!"
"You definitely have been busy, Asmodeus-kun." Ur turns to the two heroines. "Still, thank
you for saving my granddaughter."
"It was no problem." Emma says.
"Still, I can't believe Rustyrose didn't brainwash you. I thought he would be ecstatic to have
women as powerful and gorgeous as you in his ranks." Ur comments.
At the mention of his goal, all the new girls scowled.
"You aren't wrong in that regard, but there's more to it." I began. "Yami, Jean, and Emma,
along with Nanoha and Fate, are among the many girls he and Towa kidnapped, but were
unable to brainwash so instead they were frozen alive and pretty much forgotten. Divine,
Natasha, and Illyana were another three of Rusty's brainwashed victims before I freed them."
"Well, you girls have my sympathy, considering he not only targeted all of us, but my
daughter and Lucy's mother were also among his victims." Ur says while nodding to the other
girls.
"I promised them revenge for the hell he made them go through and in exchange I will help
them adjust to living with their new bodies." I revealed. All of the frozen women were
disheartened when I told them that the modifications done to their bodies were permanent
due to how extensive they were and the heavy usage of a Chaos Emerald involved in them,
with some of them feeling disgusted and even seeing themselves as freaks. I also explained
Divine's origin as a clone of Power Girl though Lucy and Lamy didn't know who that was
yet, but Ur did due to encountering her on Edolas.
"So THAT'S why she heavily resembles that blonde bombshell from Edolas." Ur notes as she
looks at Divine.
"But wait, what about her? She looks normal." Lucy gestures at Yami.
"Yami here is special. Her body is made up of nanomachines similar to Athena, which allows
to alter any part of her body at will. She can shape her body into any form she wants. She can
turn her hands into blades, sprout angel wings from her back, and turn her hair into giant
fists." Yami then grows into an adult form before quickly changing back into her original

state. "This also allows her body to adapt to nearly anything, including external influences
like brainwashing or reconstruction since she can also default back to her original state."
"I'm not the biggest expert on technology, but that sounds like a stupid waste of time by
Rustyrose, even by his delusional standards." A slightly confused Lucy comments.
"He and Towa definitely have more than a few screws loose. The fact that they went after
Jean, Emma, and Illyana here is proof of that." I said while gesturing at the three mutants.
"They're members of one of the all-time greatest team of heroes in the multiverse called the
X-Men. And only those with a death wish mess with the X-Men."
"You know about the X-Men, Asmodeus?" Jean says in surprise. She was caught a little offguard when he seemed to recognize all the girls who were frozen despite none of them ever
meeting him before, but they were initially too distracted by stopping Rustyrose to question it
till now.
"Yep. While the X-Men and Mutantkind have unfortunately endured hardship in your
universe and other similar universes, not all universes share such views. In fact, the X-Men
along with their kind receive admiration, respect, and sympathy from billions of different
universes for your capabilities, your various accomplishments against countless challenges,
and for teaching the importance of recognizing and stopping discrimination in all forms." I
revealed, which was the truth, and not just in my home universe. Any knowledgeable fan of
various fictional franchises knew that prejudice caused a lot of trouble in a lot of franchises,
like RWBY, Harry Potter, Naruto, One Piece, Rising of the Shield Hero, etc. "You and
Emma, along with Storm, Rogue, Psylocke, Wolverine, Colossus, Beast, Iceman,
Nightcrawler, and Charles Xavier are among the most well-known members of the X-Men
throughout the multiverse, though there are plenty who know of other members like Magik
here. Most individuals would consider it a deeply profound yet humbling honor to meet even
just one of you, let alone multiple members, with me being no exception."
Jean, Emma, and Magik definitely were surprised by the revelation and their apparent
profound impact on the multiverse, though they were ecstatic to know how highly I thought
of them.
"Question Lamy." The Rabbit Etherious looks at her Master. "Which AI fragment did you get
partnered with?"
"I believe I can answer that." A life-size hologram of Delta greets him. "Greetings,
summoner."
"Delta? It's good to finally meet you." I said with a smile, holding back a squeal as one of my
favorite characters from Red vs Blue is standing before me in the flesh (sort of but not
really).
"The pleasure is all mine, sir." Delta replied. "How may I be of assistance?"
"Can you take control of the Halo and prevent Rusty from activating the Genesis Wave?" I
asked.

"It is possible, however, I was only able to gain access to 26.66% of the ring's systems. It is
not enough for the magnitude you require to complete your request." Delta states.
"How much time would it take to gain enough control?" I ask.
"As you are aware, I am only a fragment of the Alpha and hold a mere 10th of a full AI's
processing power. It took shutting down my higher functions to access what I now have."
Delta explains. "In order to dive deeper and gain full control, I would require the processing
power of a full AI."
"How about the power of two AIs?" Everyone turns to Fate and Nanoha. "Our devices are
intelligent. They are our equivalent to a full AI. They should help Delta process the excess
data while he hacks the system."
Delta ponders at the magical girl's idea. "It is a feasible suggestion. However, there is a 46%
chance that their program may become corrupted. This installation is much more advanced
than what you may have experienced."
"[That is a chance we are willing to take, Mr. Delta.]" Raising Heart said.
"[You have done much for us, it is only… logical that we return the favor.
Hehehe.]" Bardiche chuckles at his little joke.
"Very well, then. I look forward to working with you." Delta said.
"Okay, now that it's settled, how do we jack you three in?" I asked.
"There is an electronic lock just six meters from our current potion. You merely need to get
us into range to gain access." Delta states.
"Alright, now let's get this started!" Ur exclaims.
Flashback end
"After that takeover, I told Lucy to go get everyone while Delta here acts as a beacon to lead
the other fragments here. And the rest is history." I finished.
"You… you TRICKED ME!" Rusty charges towards me at lightspeeds but he doesn't get far
as my [Susanoo] catches him without issue.
"No, you were just too arrogant to realize that you've been played. And now, it's time to
pay the piper." I said.
"How can this… I have the power of chaos!" Rusty snarls. "Yet… HOW ARE YOU
STRONGER THAN ME!?"
"It's elementary really." My [Susanoo's] starts to crush him. "You're weak."
"I couldn't agree with you more, darling."

"!" My group and I leap back as a ki purple ki saucer slices the avatar's arm off releasing
Rustyrose.
I turn to look and see Towa standing by the destroyed entrance, but what grabbed my
attention are the two clearly modified women standing side by side.
On her left is a young woman with spiky silver hair that sticks out with bangs framing both
sides of her face while the majority of her hair is held up by what seems to be a ponytail. She
has no eyebrows and instead has three thick red lines on her face, blue visors where her eyes
are supposed to be and her skin is almost gray. She wears a blue bodysuit that hugs her
extremely curvy body tightly with a white border on the chest with red and gold-colored
gloves, boots and shoulder pads.
On her right is a woman who can only be described as the ultimate fusion of the Goddess of
Beauty and the Queen of Succubi. She has long wavy pink hair, beautiful pink eyes that
accompany her already beautiful face, and two thick horns protruding from both sides of her
head. Her body is the epitome of sinfulness and curves, with her wide child-bearing hips,
massive LL-cup breasts, and a large heart-shaped ass that her outfit does nothing to hide. A
dark purple leotard which exposes her bare breasts, with dark purple hearts covering her
nipples, along with arm-length purple gloves with frills at the edges and thigh high purple
boots with silver flames at the edges.
Name: Baby Kefla
Title: Kinslayer, Scourge of Universe 6, Fallen Guardian
Affiliation: Universe 6, Demon Realm
Level: 1109
HP: 130,099,413
MP: 0
SP: 155,665,543
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Special Perk: Tuffleization
Changes a Saiyan's physical appearance by converting them into Tuffle hybrids,
increasing all base stats x1500.
Name: Sephie Michaela Deviluke
Title: Queen of Planet Deviluke, Charmian Goddess, Avatar of Beauty & Sexuality,
Transcendent

Affiliation: Deviluke, Demon Realm
Level: 1200
HP: 154,900,433
MP: 141,588,000
SP: 140,708,544
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
Special Trait: Chaotic End, Eye of Hypnosis, Charmain Goddess Physiology
[Charmian Goddess Physiology]
Sephie is the ultimate variant of a race known as Charmians, a humanoid race who are
endowed with the most beautiful voices and appearances of all time. Her very presence
induces a primal lust on anyone who is within close proximity regardless of gender and
species. Her cells never age or deteriorate, granting her eternal youth and super
strength, and her voice can even calm the flames of war. Almost no being, including
those normally immune to regular Charmians, can resist her.
[Eye of Hypnosis]
Allows the user to hypnotize any target just by looking, messing their perception so they
view the caster as someone they must obey no matter what.
[Chaotic End]
An mutated version of [The End] with [Chaos Energy]. Allows the user to acquire and
master all abilities and skills at 300% of their capabilities through the person's senses.
"... fuck." I cursed.
"Towa…?" Rusty looks and sees two women by her side, women that he has never seen
before. He DEFINITELY would have remembered if he ever met the pink-haired woman
before, considering she was easily the most beautiful female of all time. "Where did you get
them?"
"I got them during our excursions throughout the multiverse, you fool." Towa spat out with
clear annoyance. "I didn't tell you about them since I knew you would needlessly waste them
before they could be complete. Or you would waste your time acting like an even dumber
degenerate than usual the moment you saw Sephie here. Not that I could blame you, since she
now personifies beauty and sex appeal in its ultimate form, cranked up to infinity. My
greatest masterpiece, untainted by your foolishness." Towa condescendingly boasts while
acknowledging Sephie's effects on everyone, which made sense since she appeared like a
paradoxical fusion of divine beauty and sinful sexuality that everyone couldn't help but stare

at. "As for the other one, well, every god needs an enforcer. And who better for that job than
a fused [Legendary Super Saiyan] who has been corrupted by the last remnants of the
Tuffle race?"
"Towa…!" Rustyrose stands as his expression morphs into pure rage. "You would dare betray
me? Your GOD!?"
Towa rolls her eyes and scoffs. "Get over yourself. You are not and never will BE a god. You
are just a weak human who I came across by chance, so easy to manipulate. Granted, I did
not believe you would last this long, or be compatible with Mira's cells, but that is my fault
for underestimating your species' tenacity."
"RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!" Rusty snaps and explodes with unrestrained power,
pushing the girls and I back.
"TOOWWWWWAAAAAAA!" He launches himself at impossible speeds, ignoring the
group and going straight for Towa.
Towa, however, is unaffected by Rusty's show of power. In fact, she looks bored.
"Disgusting." She snaps her fingers and immediately Rusty crashes head-first into the floor.
He stands up and looks at his hands. "W-What's going on!?" He tries to summon his power
but nothing happens. "What have you done!?"
"I sealed off your power. You are no different from any other human now." Towa replies.
"WHAT!?" Rusty screams in horror.
"Yes, dear Rusty. You are no different from the 'lesser beings' you like to chastise?" Towa
says with a cruel grin. "Did you think I would just hand you a new body composed of the
DNA of some of the strongest fighters in my universe and NOT have a contingency
plan? Especially given my past with your predecessor?"
"Honestly, I can't say I didn't see this coming." I blur out loud. "Towa isn't known for
her loyalty. Even overlooking that, do you really think any self-respecting female would
WILLINGLY support a depraved and power-hungry degenerate like you reshape the
multiverse into your own personal fantasy world where all females are your obedient
sex slaves? Even I saw this coming the moment I learned Towa was working with
you." Even I couldn't help but scold Rustyrose, with the six girls next to me also scoffing at
Rustyrose's stupidity.
Rustyrose grits his teeth at the humiliation and turns his sights on me and charges forward.
I roll my eyes and deliver a weak sucker punch at Rusty's face, knocking him down to the
floor, very hard.
"Ahhhh!" He screams in pain as he holds his smashed face, teeth falling out of his mouth as
he sobs like a child.

[This is just sad. I can't even laugh because he is that pathetic]
"Dumbass, did you already forget that Towa JUST SAID!? You couldn't beat me even
WITH your power, what made you think you could now?" I sneered.
"Rustyrose is an even bigger fool than I gave him credit for. I would almost pity him if I
didn't hate him for what he did to us and our universes." Emma apathetically states while
glaring at him like he was vermin.
Rustyrose starts to get up, droplets of blood fall to the floor.
"How… how can this be…?" He mutters, his voice empty and broken. "Grimoire Heart was
supposed to create a perfect world. We were supposed to be the shepherds of a new era."
Tears fall, mixing with his blood. "I was so close… I almost had the answer!"
Towa shakes her head in disappointment.
"You still don't get it. There never was such a thing as a perfect world." Kefla and Sephie
grab both of his arms, keeping him in place. "In the end, all you've been doing is chasing
after a delusion of a bygone era." Towa slowly walks towards a broken Rustyrose.
[What is she doing?]
"But do not fret. Even though your ideals are shattered, you still have a role to play." She
grabs his chin and raises his head to meet her gaze. "Afterall, you are the final key to my
plan." She says with a devilish smirk.
"NO!" I realize what she's doing and quickly fire a Big Bang Attack at Towa causing an
explosion.
However, from the smoke a pillar of bluish light flies up, accompanied by a powerful
whirlwind that nearly blows Emma and Yami back but Jean quickly puts up a barrier,
shielding them.
When the light fades, Towa is now completely different. She has the same bluish skin as
Rusty, and her silver-white hair has grown significantly, now spiky and reaching down her
ass. Her breast size increases from an I-cup to a JJ-cup. Her outfit has also changed, now
wearing a form fitting black dress with two high-cut leg slits that show off her shapely, childbearing hips and long legs and black shoes. But what was bizarre is what's around her neck: a
large black hexagon ring. She's also holding an [Angel Attendant's Staff] on her right hand,
but the gem is gray and has the same black hexagon ring as Towa.
Name: Towa
Title: Dark Grand Priestess, Sister of the Demon King, Enemy of Time, Demon
Sorceress, Stalker
Affiliation: Time Breakers, Dark Empire, Demon Realm
Level: 1200

HP: 198,788,900
MP: 219,322,000
SP: 200,655,171
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants you to rule the multiverse by her side as the Supreme Being
Special Perks: Grand Priest, Dark Chaos Force
[Grand Priest]
Named after the Grand Priest himself. This gives the user the same immense power and
various abilities as the being himself, meant for the purpose to serve the highest
available authority. This also exempts the user from Angel Laws, allowing them to fight.
[Dark Chaos Force]
The opposite of Chaos Force, it draws power from the dark thoughts and emotions of
sentient beings. It grants the user total mastery and dominion over the primal cosmic
force, however, because it derives its power from intense negativity, it will corrupt the
user, turning them into monstrous beings.
"Ah, finally. The power I so rightly deserve. Truly fit for the future Queen of the Multiverse."
Towa boasts while examining herself before looking at me lustfully. "But of course, every
Queen needs a King."
"Oh get over yourself already. My answer is still no." I spat, but this only makes Towa
giggle in amusement.
"Such a stubborn man, but that's okay, I like men who are hard to get." She chuckles. "But
don't worry, I'll make sure you see things my way."
A pink aura surrounds Sephie as her eyes begin to shine, her [Eye of Hypnosis] working in
conjunction with her [Charmian Goddess Physiology] instantly affecting everyone in her
area of vision.
"What's… going on…? Why is my body feeling so…?" Illyana tries to say before falling to
her knees as she's overwhelmed with arousal.
Divine falls to the floor with a loud thud, unable to stay about ground due to a lack of focus.
"It's… Queen Sephie… her species can charm anyone…" Yami explains, just barely resisting
her effects before succumbing.
"Don't look at her eyes!" Jean yelled but even she and Emma were enthralled.
"Ugh." Natasha tries to fight off the urges but is overwhelmed.

Too bad Towas didn't account for [Gamer's Mind].
"Enough." I clap my hands together and the charm is canceled.
"Sorry, but I don't like people messing around with my women. Especially crazy fools
with delusions of grandeur." I glare at her. "You hunted me, destroyed countless
universes, kidnapped my family and tried to turn me into a monster. And yet… you still
have the audacity to think I'll join you after EVERYTHING YOU DID!?" I
yelled. "You are just an insane little woman who likes to play with human lives like a
goddamn game. And I refuse to let such a DISGUSTING, WORTHLESS, MANIAC
like you be at an arm's distance from me. So do me a favor and disappear."
"Damn." Divine whispers, shocked by the rant.
Towa grits her teeth, her angelic face smeared with ugly rage at the rejection.
"Fine then." She sneered, her hand gripping tightly to her staff. "Then I will simply rule
ALONE!"
She slams the staff to the floor and the gem at the top begins to grow brightly.
"LET'S WELCOME CHAOS!" She screams out and the room rumbles violently.
Outside, the Halo Ring powers up as dark blue energy seeps out from the structure and into
space.
Jean falls to her knees at the increased generation of [Negative Chaos Energy].
"That does not sound good." Emma says in concern.
"Danger!" Yami said.
"Delta!" I turn to the AI for answers.
"Halo Ring activation commencing!" Delta states.
"How!? We shut it down!" I said.
"It appears Towa has activated a separate system, one that was completely undetectable even
to my scanners." Delta explains.
"That's right! This has always been part of the plan. I would never let Rustyrose use this
magnificent piece of technology for something as stupid as creating a so-called [Ultimate
Magic World] or becoming a god. What a waste of time and resources." Towa scoffed.
Now I was just confused. "Dammit Towa, just what the hell are you after!?"
"Since there is no point in hiding it, I'll just tell you: I intend to use the Genesis Wave to swap
the Demon Realm with this universe, freeing the demon race from the Crack of Time." Towa
reveals.

"WHAT!?" I yell in clear surprise.
[Huh, was not expecting that]
"At first, I thought to simply break the seal, but seeing as this universe is so far out from the
reach of the Time Patrol, switching the two universes seemed like a far better idea. That way,
I can continue my plans of destroying time without interruption." Towa said.
Reality unwinds as it begins to switch with the Demon Realm.
Earthland
All across the planet, areas and locations can be seen shifting from one another, the skies turn
red, the atmosphere becoming toxic, and the Ethernano becomes darker, corrupted.
People can be seen running away as they're hunted by various demons. The magic guilds
across the world try to protect the civilians from the demon onslaught, but are having a hard
time due to the increasing number of demons and the Ethernano used to power their magic is
poisoning them from the inside out.
Edolas
Demons begin to sprout from every corner, flying in the sky as they destroy anything in sight.
Landmasses crash against one another and fall, bringing untold destruction.
The Royal City is being decimated by an army of demons, the soldiers can barely hold the
line due to their exhaustion after the last fight, and are being brutally devoured.
Elentear
Yoko wheezes as she grips on the large hole in her stomach. She watches Mimi hold back a
large demon while Hakune leads the survivors to safety.
She turns to the now red sky. "Asmodeus-sama… Selene-sama… we need you."
Halo Array – Throne Room
[The Demon Realm is composed of Dark Energy. If they switch, the resulting collision of
positive and negative energy will tear reality apart. Not to mention that impossible
output of Negative Chaos Energy she's forcing it to pump will destroy the Aincrad and
everything within its range]
"It's not going to work Towa, the two universes are too fundamentally different. You'd
be creating a catastrophe worse than the Big Bang." I yelled.
"That's what you think, but I have run the simulations my dear, so I know my plan will
work." Towa boasted. "It is a shame you refused to join me, Asmodeus, we could have
accomplished so much together."
I raise a finger. Ah, but there's one thing you didn't account for in your simulations."

"And what, pray tell, is that?" Towa mockingly asks.
*BOOM!*
The side bursts in a giant explosion, revealing Fairy Tail, the Marvel heroes, the Etherious,
the [Isekaijin, and my various other allies.
"My family." I retorted.
"You rang, bitch!?" Church yells as he readies his [Brute Shot]. "Because I'm dying to stick
this in you!"
Epsilon-Tucker appears. "Bow chicka bow-bow!"
"Shut it Tucker!" Church snapped before shooting the [Brute Shot] at Towa, which missed.
She then sends an energy saucer that splits Church's body into two and falls on the floor.
"Goddammit!" Church screamed.
"Glad to see some things never change." Epsilon-Simmons drily remarks.
Alert! Quest has been altered!
Quest: Ascending through the Chaos
Towa has become more powerful and plans to switch the Fairy Tail universe with her
own, effectively freeing the demons from their prison. Stop the switch by whatever
means necessary.
Objective 1: Stop the universal switch
Objective 2: Defeat Towa, Baby Kefla, and Sephie Michaela Deviluke
Rewards: 5,908,234 EXP, 3,877,512 Credits, Titles, Perks, Items, and Gacha Tokens
"Kill them." Towa commands and Baby Kefla and Sephie obey.
"LET'S GO!" Natsu screams and fighting breaks out.
Baby Kefla fights the Saiyans, Etherious and Androids while the fairies and [Isekaijin] fight
Sephie.
I turn to the six girls with me. "Help them."
They all nod and they run to help.
"Amodeus-kun!" I look and catch Mirajane who gives me a passionate kiss before separating.
"I missed you!"
"I missed you, too." I muttered.

Mira scans my new form and looks at me. "What happened?"
"Towa happened. It turns out she was the true mastermind all along, egging Rusty on
into becoming what he is until he was no longer useful. As for what happened to him,
Towa ate him to get stronger." I explained.
Mira blinks at the explanation, clearly confused. "... what?"
"Yeah. Don't worry, you'll get used to this sort of thing the longer you stick around." I
said.
Meanwhile, Towa glares at the slut getting physical with Asmodeus before a distinct power
grabs her attention.
"Hey Towa, I've been wanting to settle the score for a while." Carol Danvers says darkly,
wearing her Ms. Marvel attire much to my surprise.
"Is that Captain Marvel?" I asked, surprised by her appearance.
[I think she goes by Ms. Marvel, given her current outfit]
Laura pops her claws as she gives the woman a vicious grin. "I'm gonna enjoy tearing her
apart for what you did to us!"
"Towa, you bitch! She-Hulk and the X-Men told me what you and Rusty did! Because of
you, my universe and so many others are gone!" Chun-Li says with tears streaming down her
face, to my shock.
'She knows She-Hulk and the X-Men? But how?' I thought before my eyes widened. 'Unless
my Chun-Li is from the Marvel vs CAPCOM universe!'
Towa was unamused by their threats.
"I made you bitches far superior than you ever were before, but none of you are nowhere near
the level of power I now possess!" Towa boasted. "If you bow and beg for mercy, I may spare
your lives to serve your queen."
"You are not our queen! You do not deserve to be a queen!" Storm states in disgust.
"And if you think your power boost will keep us from defeating you, you are sorely
mistaken." Psylocke, or Betsy Braddock, adds in her sexy British accent that stood in contrast
to her super-sexy Japanese appearance, wielding a katana in one hand and conjuring a blade
of energy in the other.
"And I'm more than happy to show you what happens when you mess with a Hulk!" SheHulk says while pounding her fist in her palm.
Towa chuckles as her staff disappears from her hand. "I'm going to enjoy this." She takes a
fighting stance.

Laura goes first, charging forward ready to rip Towa to tiny pieces.
*CLANG!*
Only to be shocked as Towa blocks her adamantium claws easily with her staff.
"Worthless mortal." Towa raises her hand and fires a blast at the stupefied Mutant, blinding
everything with its light.
When it subsides, all the is a black scorch mark where Laura was standing.
"LAURA!" Carol cries in horror before gritting her teeth in rage as her body glows red. "I'LL
KILL YOU!"
She explodes with cosmic and chaos power, changing her appearance completely. Her eyes
became glowing white and her hair seemed to be on fire, with her outfit transitioning to a red
and white bodysuit hugging her figure and showing off her abs, with two star-like symbols on
her chest.
"Ah yes, your [Binary Form]. I remember Rustyrose had added Saiyan and other Mutant
traits to see how much your DNA could handle. The result was an augmentation to your
physical and energy capabilities, strengthening your already impressive healing factor to even
higher levels to the point that you are essentially immortal and gained Zenkai-like
capabilities. He then thought of showering you with [Chaos Energy] in order to make that
form stronger and more self-sustainable." Towa reminisces before sighing, not
acknowledging the killer intent aimed at her. "In the end, his ambition proved to be his
undoing and you nearly escaped. If I hadn't placed the countermeasures you would have
destroyed this entire facility in a drunk-infused rage."
"And you wonder why?! We are NOT your toys for you to use and dispose of as you both
saw fit! And now you're gonna regret using me as a guinea pig for your wretched
experiments!" Carol roars and fires a literal SUPERNOVA at Towa.
Storm raises her arms up and summons a cosmic storm and hurls it at Towa.
However, the ascended demon simply stares and both attacks are eradicated instantly!
"What!?" Ms. Marvel yelled before she was run through the heart by Towa's staff. "Damn…
you…"
"Carol!" Storm yells before an opened palm obscures her vision.
Towas grabs her head and rips it right out her body and tosses it to the side to be crushed on
the ground.
Towa watches the Mutant's body fall as a green fist rockets towards the back of her head only
for her to catch it with her staff.
"!?" She-Hulk blinks in shock and horror.

"You Hulks are undeniably impressive," Towa glances at the Gamma-Mutate. "If Rustyrose
wasn't such a idiotic pervert, he might have picked Hulkverine for his clear versatility rather
than the only female Hulk."
Towa atomizes She-Hulk, leaving nothing behind.
Illyana charges at Towa, but the newly christened Grand Priestess grabs her [Soul
Sword] before beheading her then throws said sword to the side where it runs through an
invisible Natasha, killing her and destroying her soul.
Mira and I watch as Towa single-handedly kills the heroes without much effort.
"She… she's a monster." Mira whispers with clear fear.
"Yeah. I may not even survive when I fight her." I admit making Mira gasp in shock.
"Asmo-" I put a finger between her lips and leaned closer to her.
"Listen to me because we may only have one shot at this." I whisper to her my plan.
Towa lifts Psylocke by her neck as she claws her arm for air as she steps on the head of a
dead Rogue.
"You were an Omega-level mutant whose psychic abilities easily rivaled Jean's normal levels
and a highly trained ninja, Betsy Braddock, yet you were the easiest to brainwash." She
mocks as she crushes Rogue's skull with her foot. "You should have stayed brainwashed so as
to serve a purpose for a higher being like myself."
"S-S-Screw…y-you…" Psylocke manages to say before she is eviscerated.
Towa chuckles before turning her attention to the fairies fighting Sephie. "Now, who should
be my next victim?"
*BANG!*
Something hits Towa's head and turns to see Asmodeus holding up [Ace of Spades] with a
smoking barrel.
"A gun? Really?" Towa chuckles darkly. "Of all the attacks you could have used, you thought
a GUN would be enough to defeat ME!?" The laugh soon dies down. "I give you props for
originality, but it'll take more than mortal weapons to stop a goddess."
"I know." I smirked. "But it did make for a good distraction."
"Huh!?" Towa whips her head and sees Mira holding a familiar gem. "NO!"
"Chaos Control!" Mira chants and vanishes on the spot with the [Master Emerald].
"You will not escape!" Towa begins to teleport.

"[Payback Over Requiem]!" The ascended Stand rises from my being and punches the
floor.
Towa feels a change in the world as she tries to follow the She-Demon but finds that she
can't.
"Why can't I teleport!?" She screams before turning her attention to Asmodeus and his
familiar.
"You've noticed it, haven't you?" I said. "Spatial Severance. This entire room is now cut
off from the main universe, we effectively don't exist." I can't help but chuckle a
bit. "Brilliant, isn't it. I can't believe I never thought of doing it before."
"But that's… that's impossible!" Towa yells.
"Not really." I tap the side of my head in a Cell-like manner. "You're just too slow."
Towa grits her teeth and roars in rage and punches me right through the chest.
But rather than grimacing in pain, I laugh.
"Good! I can see that you're still the same Towa even in your ascended state." I laughed.
"And how are you going to defeat me? I killed most of your posse and my puppets will finish
off your fairies. And your [Dark King] form is no match for me now." Towa mockingly
smiles. "So tell me, darling, what are you going to do?"
"Easy, I'm calling reinforcements." I said.
Towa was confused, what reinforcements? All of his allies are fighting her dolls, but that's
when she realizes who he meant.
The Moon Dragon God!
I quickly use [Instant Transmission] and appear next to one of the branches and grab a
random fruit just as Towa appears.
"I won't let you!" Towa goes to take the fruit but is suddenly punched away by
my [Susanoo].
"Time to test the fruits of your labor, Rusty." I eat the fruit whole and swallow it. "Guah!
This shit's disgusting!" But suddenly a sensation rises within me and my body explodes
with unrestrained power.
Everyone stops as they sense the near limitless power coming from the center of the room,
even the brainwashed women were frozen by the unrestricted power.
Towa shields herself from being blown away but the shockwaves still drive her back. When it
stops, she sees what happens and couldn't help but be awestruck by what she sees.

His white hair was still long and in a messy state, but now reaches all the way to his feet. He's
no longer muscular and instead has a leaner build like an athlete. His arms and legs are
replaced with claws covered in obsidian scales with blades protruding from his elbows. He
has four black wings on his back and red tribal marks on his face with a white haze coming
out of his eyes.
[Dark King] has Evolved!
[Void God]
You ate the fruit of Dark Chaos and because of that, have unlocked the power of the
primordial origin: the Void. The God of the Void who rules all who originate from it
and is beyond the realm of demons and other dark beings.
Raises all stats by 40,000,000.
New Title acquired!
[Chaos Bringer]
He who brings chaos on those who oppose him. Heightened success against opponents
and increases likelihood of beneficial opportunities.
"Wow." I notice the change in my voice, becoming much deeper and gravely. "This power
is incredible!"
[It seems you grabbed one of the matured fruits without noticing. If you had eaten an
unripe fruit, the effects wouldn't have been this significant]
Towa looks at the god, no, the SUPREME BEING as his limitless power washes over her,
making her hot with arousal and feeling moist between her dress.
'I was right! He is the one who will reign supreme over the multiverse, with me as his
attendant and lover! I must make him see the truth!' Towa thought in joy.
"Darling, you have truly exceeded my expectations~" Towa says, drawing my attention to
her. "Your potential is without limits and unlike any other! Please, embrace your destiny and
join me, and we will take our rightful place in the reshaped multiverse as its supreme rulers!"
[Good lord, now she's trying to butter you up. Can't she take a hint!?]
"How many times must I tell you until it gets beaten into your brain!? I don't want to
rule the multiverse, I just wanna go on adventures with my friends!" I argued.
Towa shakes her head. "You are still being naive. It is the destiny of those who have power to
control those who do not. That is an inescapable rule."
"Destiny…?" After hearing that word, a sharp headache overtakes my senses.
Flashback

"Ah!" A familiar voice screams out as he crashes into a large tree. He looks exactly like
Asmodeus except for his black hair and wearing a different but ruined outfit with multiple
tears and large stains of blood.
He tries to get up but he is overwhelmed by intense pain as his legs are now broken.
"It's no use. Your [Aura] has long since crumbled away and I have broken your legs." A low,
grumbly voice speaks as footsteps can be heard. "Your teammates fought valiantly and your
drive to protect them is equally admirable. You are worthy of your title as Huntsman, Azule
Rose, it is a shame you fight for the wrong side."
Azule moves his head up to meet his killer's gaze. He is a tall and broad muscular middleaged man with short brown hair, a beard and hazel eyes. He wears a two-tone olive green
coat over a black 3/4 sleeve shirt, and a large belt. His pants were black, with a pouch
strapped to each pants leg, and his boots were brown with white fronts. Scars near the edges
of his sleeves are visible.
"Ha… the wrong side…? Do you even know what Salem wants? Why is she after the Relics
in the first place?" Azule asks.
His killer's eyes widened slightly before returning to normal. "So the headmaster was right.
You know too much. It makes sense why he requested you and your team to be eliminated."
"Uncle Leo…" Azule looks down at his mentor's betrayal.
"I will not ask how you came upon this information, but now you understand why you must
be silenced." The green giant sighs. "In the end, it is the destiny of all you [Silver-Eyed
Warriors] to be removed before Ozpin finds you." He stares at me. "Lionhart was kind
enough to hide you from his gaze for this long, but his cowardice got the best of him in the
end.
Azule coughs up blood. "I confronted him about the disappearances of Hunters in the
kingdom… he was so anxious when I demanded answers. Now I know why." He reveals. "As
for Salem… she and I have a history, one that she likely doesn't remember, not that it makes
any difference to me."
Azule then grabs a tree branch and pushes himself up, hissing in pain as he forces his legs to
stand despite the broken bones.
The giant is surprised by the Hunter's determination, but is even more surprised when he
walks towards him until he is a few inches from him, his total height just barely reaching his
forearms.
"I will kill the Scorpion man for poisoning her. I will kill Salem for taking my mother from
me. I will kill Leonardo Lionheart for betraying me." Azule then looks up and the giant sees,
for a brief moment his eyes glow a menacing silver.
"And I will KILL YOU for destroying my second family!" Azule declares, rage and sadness
can be seen in his eyes.

The giant was unaffected by the rageful rant of the Hunter. He didn't say anything for a while
but he finally spoke.
"Then you have chosen death." He grabs Azule by his throat and lifts him up, watching
blankly as the boy tries in vain to fight his grip.
*CRACK!*
Azule's arms go limp and the giant gently puts the now fresh corpse on the ground.
"How many Ozpin. How many children must you make me kill before you give up?" The
man sneers before walking away.
As the last bit of consciousness regresses to the dark crevices of his mind, he says some
familiar words.
'I won't die.
I can't die here!
I need power… MORE POWER!'
Flashback ends
The memory ends as I open my eyes to see myself back in the battle.
I raise my hand to my face and notice that it's damp before lowering to see my fingers are
wet.
"I see… it still hurts, doesn't it?" I murmur out loud.
[It seems the memory triggered some remnants of emotion. Even now, despite being
long gone, Azule still manages to influence you in some shape or form. Truly, he is one
stubborn bastard]
"Well, he is a part of me so of course he's stubborn." I murmured.
Towa sees the Supreme Being crying and is surprised. "Why are you crying? Demons do not
cry. Such emotion is a weakness."
I wipe away the tears before looking back at Towa, who is still expecting an answer.
"I don't believe in destiny. And if such a thing as destiny does exist, then I will grab it
and burn it to cinders." I said. "Besides, even demons may cry when they lose their
precious people."
"That is nonsense!" Towa argued.
"Eh. To each their own." I send a telekinetic blast with [Psionic Manipulation] towards the
[Svartalfheim Tree], shattering it and using Forced Spirit Fission, freeing Selene in the

process. I then telekinetically pull her and a surviving fruit to me and use [Salvation] to
restore her, causing her to slowly wake up and look at me.
"Asmodeus-kun? Is… that you, my little devil?" Selene whispers, tired but starting to regain
her energy.
"It's me, teacher. Sorry I took so long." I then use [Nemesis] to recreate her clothing
around her naked body, before helping her get on her feet.
I hand her the fruit. "Eat this. It will give you lots of power."
Selene eats the fruit and her body quickly bursts with power.
When the light show ends, we see that her appearance has changed. Her hair has grown
longer and it is a shade of platinum white instead of blonde and her eyes are now silver
instead of pink. She is taller now, at least six feet, a buxom and voluptuous figure consisting
of L-cup breasts, slim waist, toned stomach, supple curvy hips connected to long luscious
legs and a bubbly ass. Her outfit remains the same, except it's black now instead of white
with yellow fur and the hood's replaced with a crescent moon-shaped halo levitating above
her.
Name: Selene
Title: Cosmic Dragon Goddess, Queen of the Stars, Leader of the Moonlight Divinities,
Chaos Priestess
Affiliation: Five Dragon Gods (Former), Moonlight Divinities, Asmodeus
Level: 1127
HP: 212,702,188
MP: 256,093,444
SP: 233,564,122
AP: 225,754,387
Thoughts about you: Savior, wants to have your babies
Special Perk: Mother of Chaos
Due to her previous state as part of the Svartalfheim Tree, she has a higher
compatibility with its fruits than others. Allowing her to draw energy from the Chaos
Force without suffering the side effects.
53 Affection from Selene (100/100)
"Wow." Even I was taken back by her beauty and sexiness, which exceeds Towa's by a long
mile.

[You got that right. She may even give the other girls a run for their money]
Selene looks at her hands, she can see the POWER flowing out of them like vapor.
"This is…" Selene whispers to herself.
"It's a lot to take in, I know, but I know you'll master it in no time." I said with a smile.
Before I can press further, Selene suddenly pulls me into a passionate kiss..
"I am so happy to see you once more, my little devil. I promise we will always be
together." Selene said in a loving tone, before looking at Towa with a murderous
expression. "But before that, I have a score to settle with my wretched captors, who
clearly need to learn the consequences of crossing a God."
[Oooooooh, even her angry voice is so hot!]
Towa vanishes and reappears in front of Selene ready to obliterate her head with her staff.
… only to be shocked and horrified that Selene CAUGHT it mid swing.
"Impos-" Towa's cut off when Selene suddenly sucker-punches her and sends her flying
away.
"Impossible, you say? We'll see about that." Selene swipes her arm sideways and launches
numerous large crescent blades made of augmented [Chaos Energy] at Towa, but
her [Perfected Ultra Instinct] allows her to dodge them all.
"Tch. Annoying sow." Selene spat, frustrated that the attack didn't finish her off.
"You're not the only one who has a score to settle with that blue bitch." Selene turns to see
Jean leading all of the kidnapped women, including the ones Towa just killed.
Towa stands up and is shocked at seeing all of the dead women back to life.
"How…? I killed you all!" She screamed and noticed Asmodeus' Stand glowing with power.
"This is the ultimate power of my Stand. I will reduce all of your actions back to zero." I
told Towa.
"That's… not possible!" Towa denied.
"No." I glare at her. "This is Requiem."
Veins throb all around Towa's head as her anger reaches a boiling point. "Damn you-" But she
is then blasted away by a beam of Chaos-infused moonlight.
"Normally, I would prefer not to fight alongside those I am unfamiliar with, but given
the circumstances, I can make an exception." Selene remarks.

"Go crazy, girls. In the meantime, I'll take care of other business." I informed them
before activating [Duplicate] to quickly create a clone. "You know the plan. Now go."
The clone nods and the two fly in opposite directions
Towa sees the real Asmodues running off and chases after him. "Come ba-" But gets punched
by both an angry Ms. Marvel and She-Hulk.
""Don't take your eyes off of us, you pompous bitch!"" The two superheroes yell at once.
Towa growls as she regains her bearings.
"Get out of my way, you miserable sluts! Unlike Rustyrose, I have no interest in keeping you
all as sex slaves, and your insolence is erasing any value you may have as servants! This is a
matter beyond you miserable mortals!" Towa roared in anger.
"Then it is fortunate that they have support from those who aren't mortal, Towa." A familiar
voice drew Towa's attention, and her eyes widened at the three newcomers.
The first is a tall and voluptuous woman of fair complexion with long purple hair that reaches
mid-back that curls at the ends and purple eyes with red swirl-shaped markings right below
them. Her attire consists of a black Shihakushō and white boi which does nothing to hide her
hourglass curves and K-cup breasts, along with a white haori with a diamond symbol that
contains four lotus flowers on the back.
The other two women were clearly related based on their resemblance, with both of them
having blue skin, silver hair, silver eyes, and a blue ring around their necks, with one having
a ponytail and the other twintails. Their attire is near-identical, comprised of robes with puffy
shoulders, a black cuirass with white and orange circle decorations, a red sash, and white
high-heeled shoes, with the only difference being that one's robes being green and the other
purple that failed to hide their curvaceous hourglass figures and strained against their K-cup
breasts.
"Vados, Marcarita, and even Kirio Hikifune." Towa snarls. "You three may have served other
gods, but my darling is leagues beyond them, and you do not deserve to serve him!"
"You keep saying that, but he has already rejected you. I think it's finally time you see the
futility of your situation, wouldn't you agree?" Vados said with Marcarita and Kirio nodding
in agreement, as the three of them joined the other ladies. "Mind if we join you all, Jeansan?"
"By all means." Jean says as the cosmic flames of the [Phoenix Force] and [Chaos
Energy] coat her body, with the other girls releasing similar aura's.
Towa unleashes a massive dark aura of power that grows exponentially by the second, "I'm
going to enjoy this!"
Meanwhile

Cell charges at Baby Kefla and they exchange fast and powerful blows that break the sonic
barrier, their combined auras destroying the area around them.
Cell manages to get the upper hand and elbows the fused Tuffle/Saiyan hybrid in the
stomach, breaking her chest plate before using a Double Axe Handle to held crashing to the
ground.
"Die!" Cell fires an onslaught of ki blasts at the ground, showering Kefla in massive
destruction.
"There! It's dead!" Cell screams triumphant.
"Don't get ahead of yourself! If we learned anything about Machine Mutants, it's that they're
too stubborn to die!" Xeno Goku yells.
Sure enough, silver-like liquid slowly slides out of the cracks of rock before reforming into
Baby Kefla.
She creates a cluster of dark blue Ki blasts in both hands and fires them at the two, but they
are intercepted by a large energy beam destroying them.
"Don't even think about it!" Lamy yells while 18 rockets towards her.
However, before either of them can duke it out, a Super-powered Masenko swallows the
fused Tuffle/Saiyan hybrid and the two female Android see Asmodeus flying in with his new
form.
"Hey girls. Need a hand?" The clone asks.
"So this is the cause of the immense pressure we felt?" 18 eyes his new form with the thin
line on her face slowly moving upwards. "I approve. Though the hair is a little too much."
"Well I like it. Especially his wings, they're so beautiful!" Lamy adds.
"About time you showed up brat. Though quite frankly, your assistance is not necessary."
Xeno Vegeta descends down in his iconic pose.
Xeno Vegeta was cut off when he felt a massive surge of power from Baby Kefla.
He quickly turns to see the monstrous fusion barreling towards them but is suddenly pinned
down by multiple long and slender rapier-like swords with extremely short hilts stabbing her
across her body and shadow, preventing her from moving.
[Black Key] - Rank: C
A Sacrament of the Church, created with the lament for the dead; litanies, as their base.
The part that looks like a handle is actually the cut-out page of a manuscript, using
magical energy to harden it into the shape of a handle so you can carry it around
without problems. While not a powerful weapon for combat and more seen as a symbol
for Executors, its main ability lies in the prayers inscribed in the manuscript, attacking

polluted souls that have succumbed to evil and make them regress or "remember" their
humanity, weakening them enough for termination. It can also immobilize the target
upon the blade piercing their shadow and can only be undone by the removal of the key.
Deals 2,901 MAG Damage
"Those [Black Keys] won't hold her for long. Even now, I can feel the [Negative Chaos
Energy] already eating away at its charms." He explains. "That girl is a fusion of a
[Legendary Super Saiyan] and a Tuffle, Vegeta. The former guarantees a near-endless
reserve of [Ki] and adaptive capabilities well above normal Saiyans, and the latter
guarantees potent healing capabilities. Mix that with a shower of [Dark Chaos Energy]
and Towa's modifications, and you get a force of nature on your hands."
Baby Kefla's ki begins to burn each of the keys away.
Xeno Vegeta smirks. "Sounds like my kind of challenge."
"I understand your love for fighting strong opponents, Vegeta, but we're being pressed
for time with the fate of the multiverse at stake." I remind him.
Xeno Vegeta clicks his tongue in annoyance at the reminder.
[He can be so immature at times]
"Wow Asmodeus, you look so cool." Xeno Goku comments as he and Cell land next to
Vegeta.
The clone blink at Cell's new form and the Bio-Android smirks.
"This is [Black Cell]. I gained this form after absorbing Super 17." Cell boasts.
[Bet 18 didn't like that]
'No bet.' He glanced at said Android who looks like she's about to murder someone.
"Don't think you're gonna get away with this, Cell!" 18 growled before looking at me with a
pleading expression. "Regardless of whether he was brainwashed or not, 17 was still my
brother, and he didn't deserve to be absorbed again by Cell!"
The clone sighs before looking at the Bio-Android. "Cell, if you absorbed anyone who
wasn't connected to our allies, I could overlook this and even commend your impressive
new form, but out of respect for 18, you and I will have a talk about this later. For now,
however, best to put that new form of yours to good use and help beat this girl."
"Tch." Cell clicks his tongue and 18 gives him a smug look, however, the Bio-Android is
startled as a familiar voice enters his mind.
"Nice work, man! Don't let 18's nagging bother you. Also, digging the new look." The clone
said.

The Perfect Being glances back at the Asmodeus clone who has a small and very subtle smile
on his face which causes Cell to produce his own smile.
18's brow twitched at seeing Cell's smile. 'That cocky smile of his is getting on my nerves.'
+12 Affection with Super 18 (95/100)
+20 Reputation with Perfect Cell (53/100)
[Wow, only you could find a way to turn a tense situation like this to get increased rep
from both of them, even if unintentionally]
"I think I got a way to stop this girl that doesn't involve killing her, but I need you guys
to keep her occupied." He says, surprising the others.
"You do?" Lamy looks intrigued.
The clone nodded. "With Forced Spirit Fission, I can separate the hybrid back into a
Saiyan and a Machine Mutant. Though I'm not sure what kind of effect it'll have on
Kefla since she's a fusion, too."
"That won't work." Xeno Goku speaks up. "In order to use that technique effectively, you
need to beat her down first but that is going to be hard since she heals too quickly to do any
lasting damage."
"Then we'll just have to hit her harder until she can't heal anymore." Xeno Vegeta said.
"And there's only one way." Xeno Goku states and Vegeta picks up what he means.
"NO! Absolutely not, Kakarot!" Vegeta yells.
"But Vegeta-" Xeno Goku tries to reason but the prince cuts him off.
"No! I can tolerate fusing with a moron like you, but I REFUSE to do that abhorrent little
dance!" Vegeta spat out.
Most of the groups just look at the two arguing Saiyans confused. 'Dance?'
Cell, meanwhile, laughed.
"Thankfully, I got just the thing." The clone said.
"?" The two look and see Asmodeus' left hand lighting up with awesome power.
When it dies down, they see that in his palm are now a pair of earrings with golden gems
attached to the bottom.
[Potara Earrings] - Rank: EX
The earrings worn by the Kais. If two people wear the same set on opposite ears, they
will be automatically drawn to each other until they connect, then fuse into a powerful

warrior. If used with a Supreme Kai then it is permanent, but if not then the fusion only
lasts an hour; this is further reduced if the fused being is so powerful that the power
sustaining the fusion gets used up.
Increases all stats x20
The Saiyans eyes in recognition of the item. "How did you know about the Potara!?"
"That doesn't matter right now. You both need to fuse and fight Baby Kefla. Once she's
weakened enough, I'll step in and separate them." He throws the earrings at the two
Saiyans and they catch them.
"Fine. But only because the situation demands it." Xeno Vegeta grunts as he begrudgingly
puts the earring on his right ear while Goku puts it on his left causing the two to be pulled in
like magnets and collide, resulting in a brief flash of light before it disappears.
Standing in their place is a man with a mixture of both Xeno Goku and Xeno Vegeta's
characteristics, but with a few deviations such as Goku's softer jawline and Vegeta's sharper
eyes. His light-brown hair stands firmly upright like Vegeta's but Goku's hairline and has two
bangs sticking out like a downward "V" shape and has the Potara Earrings on both ears. His
outfit is a fusion as well, with a red undershirt and pants underneath a flowing black vest and
blue sash, as well as Xeno Vegeta's gloves and boots from his armor.
"Haha, alright! Vegito is back!" The fusion, Xeno Vegito screams with excitement, his voice
being overlays of both Goku and Vegeta.
"So cool!" The clone gushes at the sight with stars in his eyes. Meeting Goku and Vegeta is
one thing but meeting Vegito is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
"T-They fused!? Like actually fused!" 18 yelled, dumbstruck by the sight.
Lamy's jaw is hanging open by the impossible thing she just witnessed.
Cell sees their reactions and just rolls his eyes. "He's not that great."
Just then, the last of the [Black Keys] that kept Baby Kefla are burned away as she slowly
rises up and lets out a primal roar.
"Alright, here's what we're gonna do: while I prepare the Forced Spirit Fission
technique, you guys focus on incapacitating her. Vegito and Cell, you two unleash the
strongest beatdown you can on her until she is near-pulverized. Once she's weakened
and injured enough, 18 and Lamy will each grab one of her arms and channel [Chaos
Energy] into her to not only counteract her [Negative Chaos Energy] but also suppress
her healing capabilities long enough for me to separate her." He told them, getting nods
of understanding from the others.
"Sounds easy enough." Xeno Vegito smirks before powering up to [Super Saiyan 4 Full
Power Limit Breaker] and flies towards the fight.
"Hey!" Cell yells as he powers up and follows the fused Time Patroller.

"Be ready, you two. With how strong Baby Kefla is, you only got one shot. When you
girls forcibly channel [Chaos Energy] into her, make sure you focus your thoughts on
both countering the [Negative Chaos Energy] AND suppressing her regeneration." The
clone tells the two girls, who nodded in understanding.
Before Baby Kefla could get very far, Cell had teleported behind her upon seeing an opening
via [Chaos Control] and launched a flurry of punches against her back before kicking her
back at Xeno Vegito.
"Looks like we got a new toy to play around with!" Xeno Vegito mockingly states upon
getting an idea of how to handle her before repeatedly punching her face, chest, and
abdomen, before once again sending her flying towards Cell, who immediately caught on to
what Xeno Vegito was referring to and only responded with a smirk.
It essentially turned into a game between the two of them, each of them launching a flurry of
attacks to her chest or back before sending her flying back to the other with an extra-powerful
strike to the head that also had the extra benefit of keeping Baby Kefla too disoriented to
counter, block, or evade their attacks.
"Man, this is just too easy! We should have done this a long time ago!" Xeno Vegito said.
"Don't kid yourself! It's only because I fought her earlier that she's in this state. My power has
long surpassed you Saiyans!" Cell retorts.
"Is that a dare?" The fused Time Patroller taunts the Android.
However, the two are caught off guard by Baby Kefla catching their attacks before blasting
them back with a Kiai.
"Oh, she's finally getting serious now. This will be fun." Xeno Vegito says.
The Tuffle hybrid fires ki blasts at rapid succession before flaring her aura charges at Xeno
Vegito.
He sees the incoming attack but doesn't bother to move as the energy blasts simply phase
through a series of afterimages before the real Vegito sucker punches Baby Kefla, the sudden
of her stop causing her to be sent away.
But the fusion hybrid isn't impaired, she fires another barrage of ki at Xeno Vegito while
seemingly spiraling out of control.
Xeno Vegito sees this coming and holds both of his hands out, and the energy attack starts to
converge around his hands and form an energy ball.
"Here. You can have this back." Xeno Vegito fires an energy wave with Baby Kefla's energy
as its base before using Instant Transmission.
Baby Kefla blocks the blast but is too distracted to sense Xeno Vegito right behind her about
to fire his own attack.

"Final Kamehameha!" Xeno Vegito fires his trademark attack on Baby Kefla, rocketing her
towards Cell.
"Show off." He holds one of his hands out and fires a Death Cannon, thought much bigger
and brighter than any Frieza has used.
Once the attack hits Baby Kefla, the combination of the two attacks triggers a massive
explosion of power. When the smoke clears, a heavily injured Baby Kefla falls to the ground,
her regeneration quickly kicking in as she struggles to get up.
"Now you two!" 18 and Lamy immediately fly towards the healing Tuffle/Saiyan hybrid and
each manages to grab one of her arms before immediately pouring [Chaos Energy] into her
while extending her arms outward, leaving her exposed.
"Time to finish this!" He grabs Baby Kefla by her shoulders and uses Forced Spirit Fission
and starts to pull.
The fusion screams before the Machine Mutant is completely removed from Kefla and is
subsequently permanently erased with a [Hakai].
Afterwards, he quickly use [Salvation] to restore Kefla's health as well as purge any Tuffle
eggs Baby may have left behind while also using [Psionic Manipulation] to remove any
remaining traces of the brainwashing from her mind, causing Kefla's eye to shoot wide open
and jumps on her feet.
"Where is she!? Where's that blue whore who put that piece of shit in me!? I'll make her pay
for what she made me do!" Kefla roars in unbridled rage as she turns [Legendary Super
Saiyan 2]. She then stumbles forward from the new weight as she looks down and sees that
her body's changed, now with a slender muscular build with a curvaceous hourglass figure
consisting of HH-cup breasts, toned waist and abs, wide curvy hips connected to a pair of
tone legs and a firm apple-bottom.
"Wow! What did she do to me!?" She turns off her transformation and proceeds to check her
body before the thin line on her face curves upwards. "Damn… I am hot!" She then massages
her new breasts causing a moan to escape her lips before claiming her mouth shut. "Damn,
that was too close!" She then glances at the group and sends them a fierce glare. "You heard
nothing!"
The trio sweatdrop at the fusion's antics as she continues to touch herself.
The clone didn't understand why Towa went through the trouble of modifying her appearance
compared to Rustyrose. Force of habit? Or maybe she meant for Kefla to be Asmodeus'
concubine much like with Sephie.
"Dammit, I'm still short! That bitch gave me a sexy body but she was too lazy to give me
another foot!? How is that fair!?" Kefla screams out, stomping her feet as she realizes that her
height hasn't changed at all.
It was pretty cute to watch.

"Oh, is she throwing a temper tantrum?" The clone sees Cell and Xeno Vegito back in their
base forms and heading towards them.
"She could at least thank us for not killing her." Cell says watching the Saiyan rant like no
tomorrow.
"I'm more surprised she's still fused. She should have reached her Potara's time limit by now."
Xeno Vegito remarks. "Maybe Towa altered them to make the fusion permanent?"
"That seems to be the case, as part of Towa's experiments to ensure Kefla would be as
powerful as possible. Wanda Zatara is also the fusion of two individuals due to Towa's
experiments, and her fusion is irreversible even with the Chaos Emeralds or Dragon
Balls." The clone noted. "Hey, chatterbox!"
"Huh!?" Kefla turns to the clone, she blushes at the sight of his inhuman beauty but quickly
beats it down.
"Who are you callin' chatterbox, weirdo!? My name's Kefla and I'm the strongest warrior in
Universe 6!" Kefla declares.
"What an arrogant brat. If I didn't know any better, I'd say she's your daughter." Cell huffs.
"Sorry Cell, but there's only room for one awesome me." Xeno Vegito said.
"Anyways, wanna help kick Towa's ass with us? It's going to be great." The clone says to
her.
"Gee, you could have started the conversation with that instead of calling me a chatterbox."
Then a smile appears on her face. "But I'm down for the smackdown. I can't wait to beat
down that witch until she's nothing but a bloody stain on the floor."
The clone smiles. Now he hopes that his boss is already done dealing with his own troubles.
At the same time
A large panda with piercings large piercings all over its body and Rinnegan eyes body slams
its opponent with its hardened body, the shockwaves causing large cracks to appear
everywhere.
However, it doesn't last long as Sephie kicks the summon off her and ships it back to its
sender, barely missing my head by an inch.
[What was the point of even summoning the panda?]
A loud thud is heard in the background as the panda crashes before puffing in smoke.
"I just wanted to see if it could stop her, but I guess not." I admit.
Sephie then suddenly appears mere meters from my face, ready to rip my head off with her
two hands, but they simply phase through thanks to my Stand's [Time Skip] ability.

"It's a good thing Towa didn't make her immune to time manipulation." I comment as
time returns to normal and Sephie lands on the other side.
"[Maximize Magic: Crystal Lance]." A magic circle appears and a large crystal lance
shoots out at near light speeds, but Sephie still manages to dodge although it takes her right
arm in the end.
"Strong and fast. But it seems [Chaotic End] doesn't give her any magical abilities and
only allows her to copy physical attacks." I comment with interest.
[Or it's likely she can't fully utilize magical or spiritual abilities or anything beyond
physical due to being brainwashed]
"For a genius of Towa's caliber, she can't help but make such glaring mistakes, but it's
not like I'm any better."
"Are you insinuating that our dire circumstances are the result of your error of judgment?"
Delta asks.
"Yeah. I suppose that's one way to see it." I said as Sephie finishes regenerating and goes
on the offensive.
However, Laxus appears and delivers a powerful punch coated with red lightning sending her
back before taking a knee, his face blushing red from an influx of arousal.
Natsu and Gajeel were no better, prominent blushes on their faces and their eyes dazed.
Makarov was unconscious, but judging from the steady stream of blood coming out of his
nose, it wasn't from actual combat.
"I can't believe it takes one of these brainwashed dolls for you to be this flustered, Natsu!"
Lucy exclaims in jealousy, although even she and the other girls were in no real position to
judge given their own prominent blushes, with not even Diana being an exception.
"Don't take it personally, Lucy." I said, catching all their attention. "This woman belongs
to the near-extinct Charmian race, who are said to be the most beautiful beings of all
time whose beauty and allure affects anyone who meets them. And that's just with
a normal Charmian, as this one was enhanced to not only be Towa's most powerful doll,
but is now also the literal personification of beauty and sexuality."
"But you seem fine, Asmodeus-sama." Seilah notes.
"It takes more than this to bring me down." I said. 'Thank god [Gamer's Mind] exists,
otherwise I'd likely be like old Maki over there.'
[You're welcome, best buddy]
"Well, her looks and allure aside, how will we beat her, Asmodeus-sama?" Brandish asks in
concern.

"I have an idea, Asmodeus." Diana says, catching our attention. "If you and the others can
keep her occupied, I can restrain her with my [Lasso of Truth] and use it to help free her
from Towa's control, as I did with She-Hulk."
"Sounds like a plan." I said while extending my arms out. "[Widen Magic:
Haste]." Everyone's body glows white as they feel the enchantment increase their agility and
speed.
With their enhanced speeds, the women have no trouble keeping up with Sephie's own
inhuman speed, as they deliver blow after blow and the brainwashed doll is having trouble
keeping up since their speed isn't a physical ability or "abnormal", and so can't be replicated.
Lamy unleashed a flurry of shots from her guns, with Lucy following up with a barrage of Ki
blasts augmented with her [Star Dress: Leo Form] and Pantherlily following suit.
"[Unison Raid: Dragon God's Domain]!" Ur and Wendy say simultaneously before
unleashing a combination magic attack of [Fire God Slayer Magic] and [Sky Dragon
Slayer Magic] that rapidly engulfed the distracted Sephie.
When the flames dissipated, Sephie was covered in burns but was rapidly healing, but was
left unprepared when Erza, Chun-Li, and Diana managed to get in close and unleash a triple
barrage attack of punches and kicks, all of them flowing seamlessly together thanks to their
two years of training together.
Sephie is blown back but is caught by a giant wooden log that bursts from the ground,
snaring and binding her in place.
The logs start absorbing the [Negative Chaos Energy] within Sephie, causing the wood's
healthy brown color to turn into a rotting black.
"Warning: the wood integrity has reached its limit. The enemy will escape in 0.8 seconds."
Delta states.
Sure enough, Sephie breaks out of the wood's grip with ease but her body suddenly ceases to
move as Ultear rewinds time restoring the wood, restraining her once again.
"She's restrained, but I'm not sure how long we can keep this up." Seilah states, feeling the
grip of her [Curse] becoming unstable.
Even Ultear was having a hard time as the wood decays faster than she can rewind it.
"Just keep it up for a little bit longer." I summon two clones and the three of us grab onto
Sephie and begin siphoning her excess energy.
"C'mon, just how much [Chaos Energy] did Towa pump into you? You should have died
a thousand times over, but I guess that's why Towa chose you for her side project." I
remarked.
[There were already signs of Sephie becoming something special from Towa's
experiments, given that she became a Transcendent and the Avatar of Beauty &

Sexuality and the Charmian Goddess, but this might be just the tip of the iceberg given
that it took the combined power of all seven Chaos Emeralds for Towa to deem her and
Kefla ready]
"Don't worry, I'll be quick then." Diana says while preparing her lasso. "Asmodeus, don't
hesitate to assist in freeing her. The sooner we free this poor woman from Towa's control, the
better it is for everyone."
"Don't worry about it. With your Lasso helping, freeing her should be a cakewalk." I
reassure her as she wraps her lasso around the restrained Sephie, causing a latent golden glow
to cover her body as her eyes glow gold.
"W-What? What…is…happening?" Sephie's voice is barely a whisper as she's mentally and
physically weakened.
"Sephie, you don't have much time, so I need you to listen." Diana began. "You must focus
your willpower into breaking the brainwashing Towa used on you."
"H-How?"
"There's a power inside you. It responds to your thoughts and desires. Focus on it."
"I-I'll…try!" Sephie says as she visibly struggles to fight the brainwashing forced upon her as
her body glows with [Chaos Energy] rather than its negative variant. "I-I-IT HURTS!"
"Towa's grip on her is too strong. At this rate, the conflict will fry her brain." I walk to
Sephie and grab her face, letting our foreheads touch. I focus and transfer my [Chaos
Energy] into her, giving her a power boost.
Sephie growls as she grits her teeth. "I…am…not…a…SLAVE!"
With a yell, Sephie ends up unleashing a massive wave of power that shatters her restraints
and knocks down Seilah and Ultear as Sephie falls to the ground, but I quickly fly down to
her and help her up while using a spell via [Almighty Magic] to contain her Charmian allure
from the others, with everyone else slowly surrounding us as Sephie slowly regains her
bearings as I help her up.
The fairies and the others all start to get up as the ailments completely vanish.
"Yes! I no longer feel horny!" Natsu cheers before getting kicked by Lucy.
"Don't say it so loud like that!" Lucy yelled.
"Ugh, it's finally over." Laxus says as he shakes his head to clear his mind.
Makarov is still knocked out due to blood loss.
"You okay?" I ask Sephie in concern before giving him a smile.

"I'm great! More than great, I feel like myself again! Thank you all!" Her smile soon dies an
ugly death as tears come out of her eyes. "But what now? I have lost everything I ever cared
about! My husband, my three beloved daughters, my universe! It's all gone!"
"Don't worry," I place a hand on her shoulder. "We'll get them back."
Sephie wipes her tears. "C… could I get some warm clothes? I'm cold."
"Sure." I say as I used [Nemesis] to engulf her in [Dark Matter]. When it dissipates, Sephie
is wearing a stunning white shoulderless dress with purple and gold accessories on her
abdomen and a purple and red accents at the top of her dress, with said dress exposing a lot of
her massive cleavage and had a cape attached to the dress. She also sported a golden tiara
with a purple jewel on her forehead, along with a semi-transparent pink veil over her face that
I magically reinforced with [Almighty Magic] to be indestructible and to help regulate her
evolved Charmian allure.
"Thank you. And did you really mean it when you said you would restore my universe?!"
Sephie asked in a hopeful tone, with everyone else looking at me in response, with Chun-Li
in particular looking with a similar hopeful expression.
"Of course, but…" My expression became somber afterwards. "It won't be easy."
"What do you mean?" Ultear asks.
"The multiverse is composed of infinite universes and timelines, and finding both the
specific universe AND timeline you each came from is like finding a specific grain of
sand in the desert. Not to mention that thanks to Towa and Rusty's meddling, you're
lives will never be the same." He explains. "And with the [Chaos Energy] you all now
possess, it places a big target on your backs and puts your loved ones in serious
danger."
Upon hearing this, Chun-Li and Sephie are saddened by the revelation, but Chun-Li quickly
regains her bearings and looks at me with a determined yet reassuring expression.
"I can't speak for Sephie or any of Rusty and Towa's other victims, but as long as they can be
restored, then that's all that matters in the end." Chun-Li says. "And just because our lives
will never be the same, it doesn't mean we can't find happiness or new meaning. I still have
you as my husband, along with many of my friends here."
"And even if I can't see my old family ever again, I can at least take solace that they will be
alive again and be happy." Sephie answers more resolutely, though a dark expression soon
appears on her face. "Although, hopefully my daughters can keep their father in line without
me, as his perverted and selfish antics will undoubtedly cause trouble and he likely won't
hesitate in pursuing other women under the belief that I am dead, even if he does spend at
least some time mourning me. He always did want a harem, although for far more perverted
and selfish reasons than you, Asmodeus."
[Oof! Ain't that the cold, hard truth. But then again, chances are that Sephie never
would've fallen for him if he wasn't immune to her Charmian allure, which is ironic

given his perverted antics. He definitely won't be immune to her now even if they did
reunite due to her modifications, so she's better off moving on rather than clinging to
the past. Erza and Jellal learned that lesson the hard way]
*BOOM!* *BOOM!*
The sounds of distant explosions grab my attention.
"... let's put an end to this once and for all." I said and marched forward to the end.
*GONG! *GONG!*
"Hah… hah…" A soft voice breathes out, dodging incoming burning debris and fuel rods as
she reaches her destination with a familiar gem in hand.
"This… is it." Mirajane wheezes out before raising one of her hands and blasting the doors to
pieces.
She walks inside and is greeted with the harrowing sight as the first thing she sees is the
entire altar is completely engulfed in a dark malevolent aura as a ring black energy floats
above it like a halo, creating dark cracks that stretch across the room.
"That… is not a good sign." She turns to her side and sees Irene's group knocked out on the
ground, their bodies disturbingly pale and seemingly lifeless, likely due to overexposure to
the miasma. "That is worse."
She looks back at the corrupted altar and lifts the giant gem. "Urahara-san wasn't kidding, but
I am the only one who can do this."
Flashback
"Mira-chan!? How did you get here?!" A surprised Gildarts comically yelled.
"Did you already forget that I can teleport? Your age is really showing, old man." Mira
quipped.
"Shut up! I'm still young and handsome!" Gildarts bits back.
Theta chuckles. "And he's already got that old man smell down, too."
"Theta!"
Kisuke lets out a whistle at the sight of the [Master Emerald]. "Wow, that is one big gem."
"It's called the [Master Emerald]. And it's the only thing that can stop the other emeralds'
rampage." Mira states before noticing the sounds of the tolling bell. "What is that?"
"Some kind of warning system. Tells you that things are not well." Kisuke said.

"How bad is it?" Mira's question by the rumbling sounds of explosions.
"Oh nothing big, just the total destruction of this universe." Kisuke says nonchalantly.
Mira paled. "What?"
"What he means is that the castle's engines are going into meltdown, and unless we stop
them, we'll be in big trouble." 21 clarifies.
The Fairy Tail mage turns her attention back to the emerald. "I think I know a way to stop it."
Yuko steps forward. "How?"
"With a prayer." Everyone turns to Lady Avalon. "You need to recite the prayer that Master
gave you in order to control the Chaos Emeralds."
"Seriously? We're going to rely on prayers now? A skeptical Emmie mutters.
"Shh!" Luso hissed.
Mirajane blinks at the reveal. "How did you know that? Asmodeus-kun only told me the
prayer just a few seconds ago."
"Magic~" Lady Avalon sang. "In any case, even if you recite the prayer now it wouldn't work
as the altar is surrounded in a field of negative energy and the gravity well it's creating will
crush you if the miasma doesn't debilitate you first."
"There is also the fact that the ship is tearing itself apart. It's too dangerous." Kisuke adds.
"All the more reason why I should go. My body can resist the negative energy and gravity
well long enough to recite the prayer." Mira reasons as everyone takes her words in.
"...alright. Good luck." Kisuke says and Mira smiles.
Flashback ends
Mira begins her tread towards the once sacred altar but as she steps on the threshold, the
structure reacts and blasts her back with a black energy wave.
"Argh!" Mira wailed in pain, her [Aura] having been completely shattered. Yet, the blazing
fire in her eyes doesn't fade as she gets back up and picks up the [Master Emerald].
Turning into her Lilith form, Mirajane matches towards the altar, being blasted by waves of
negative energy and crushing gravity with every step, climbing its stairs and finally reaching
the inner shrine where the gravity was just unbearable.
"Here we go…" She places the emerald at the center and recites the chant that her husband
gave her.
"The servers are the seven Chaos."

At the same time
Nana charges at Towa with a powerful punch.
"Really? Just when will you stupid humans learn?" Towa mocks as she raises her staff to
block the punch.
*BA-BUMP!*
"!?" Towa blinks at the odd sensation before Nana's fist hits her face, breaking her staff and
sending her stumbling backwards.
She gets up and sees blood on the floor and realizes that it's HER blood.
"W-What!?" Towa tries to get up but is slammed back down by Hibiki.
The [Master Emerald] pulses and begins to shine in response to the chant.
"Chaos is power, power is enriched by the heart."
Towa is blasted by Ms. Marvel's and Rogue's photon blast, screaming in pain and collapsing
on all fours.
She raises her arm in order to launch a blast of her own, but to her horror nothing comes out.
"Where's all of the power!? What happened to my po-" She then remembers Mira and
the [Master Emerald] and seethes in rage. "That white bit-GHK!" She chokes as her lungs
suddenly collapse and starts to levitate involuntarily.
The perspective shifts to show Storm summoning a typhoon to trap her in. "NOW!"
She-Hulk throws X-23 into the typhoon at incredible speeds like a missile, reaching Towa
and easily slicing both of her arms off before coming out of the other side with cuts on her
body.
"...!" Towa tries to scream but can't before a rocket appears and hits her creating an
explosion.
"Finally nailed that bitch!" Church cheers in triumph.
"The controller is the one that unifies the Chaos."
The negative energy surrounding the temple starts to become unstable.
Towa falls to the ground with a loud thud, injured and crippled. As she tries to get up she
hears the sounds of footsteps and sees Grammi, Kushina, Hinata, Goryu, Kagura, Minerva,

Storm, Psylocke, Rogue, Laura, Jean Grey, Emma Frost, She-Hulk, Ms. Marvel, Juri Han,
Cammy, Power Girl, Divine, Natasha, Illyana, Yukino, Jenny, Meredy, Hibiki, Yami, Vados,
Marcarita, Kirio Hikifune, Selene, Nanoha, Fate, and Nana all looked down at her with all of
their Killer Intent targeted at her.
"... mercy?" Towa pleaded.
Nanoha cracks her neck and aims Raising Heart at her face. "Sorry, all out of mercy."
She pulls the trigger.
"I command you! Reverse the damage the Chaos Emeralds have caused to our universe!"
Mirajane pleaded.
The giant emerald shines brightly, obliterating the darkness that had engulfed the seven
emeralds. Then all eight gems unleash a golden wave of energy that knocks Mira back as it
expands outwards, canceling out the negative energy with positive energy.
Cerebro
"Ah!" Juvia struggles to break out of Buu but it only makes its grip on her tighter.
The rest of the team are not much better, as each of them are enveloped and absorbed by the
monster.
August lasted longer than the others, but he was also overwhelmed and defeated.
"I'm sorry… Gray-sama…" Juvia whispers as she closes her eyes.
"GYAAAAA!" Juvia's eyes snap open and watches all of the Buus, including the big one,
wail in agony before crumbling to dust, freeing everyone.
The [Aincrad] glows gold and a wave of energy surges out, attacking the negative energy of
the Halo Ring and reversing the Genesis Wave, turning the universe back to normal.
The structures of the Demon Realm, along with its monstrous denizens begin to be pulled
back into their dimension, and the humans cheer in happiness and relief.
After reuniting with Selene and everyone else who had gone after Towa, and dismissing
POR's dimensional lockdown, we suddenly felt a massive shift in power.
"W-what's going on?!" Sephie asks in alarm.
A smile blooms on my face as I feel a new Genesis Wave counteracting the old one,
canceling each other out and restoring things back to before we arrived.
"There's no need to worry anymore, everyone. It's finally over." I inform them as I revert
to normal.

"Thank goodness, the nightmare is over." Diana sighs in relief before looking at me with a
loving expression. "Asmodeus, I think I speak for all the women you initially summoned
when I say thank you for summoning us. You not only gave us the chance to meet an
amazing man like yourself and experience things we never would've dreamed of, but you had
saved us from Rustyrose and Towa in the process. Rustyrose admitted that he had
intentionally been searching for all eleven of us in his despicable quest to brainwash and
experiment on the most beautiful females of all time, but your act of summoning us kept us
out of their reach."
I was left surprised at the revelation and the subsequent kiss I got from both Diana and ChunLi. 'All of the original [Isekaijin] except Lady Avalon were summoned via the multi-random
summoning method, but maybe it wasn't a coincidence? Maybe the [Isekaijin Summoning
Staff] intentionally summoned them so I could keep them safe since they are all among the
all-time greatest beauties of the multiverse.' I thought in wonder. 'But that might be only part
of the reason if my suspicions of someone or something manipulating Rusty and Towa from
the shadows are true.'
[This will definitely merit more investigation]
I then walk towards the near dead Towa, her body is in a sorry state with her legs mangled
and her arms missing, her blue skin is now completely scorched and her white hair
completely gone leaving only a burning scalp. Her once beautiful face has been destroyed
with bruises, deep cuts and missing tongue, eyes and teeth. Her breasts have been cut off and
the lower bottom of her staff has been shoved deep in her ass.
[They really took the phrase "Hell hath no fury like a woman's scorn" to unbelievable
extremes]
'Yeah. It's still a miracle that she's even breathing.' I grimaced.
"My scans indicate that she is suffering from contusions, severe lacerations, skull fracture,
and a diffuse axonal injury." Delta listed. "Normally such injuries would be fatal, but her
enhancements are keeping her barely alive."
Quest Complete!
Quest: Ascending through the Chaos
Objective 1 (Complete): Stop the universal switch
Objective 2 (Complete): Defeat Towa, Baby Kefla, and Sephie Michaela Deviluke
Rewards: 5,908,234 EXP, 3,877,512 Credits, Titles, Perks, Items, and Gacha Tokens
Level Up(x29)!
Skill Level Up!
New Titles acquired!

[Hero of the Three Worlds]
Through overcoming difficult odds and risking your life to save both your loved ones
and this universe, you have proven yourself a Hero of the highest caliber. Boosts LUK
and CHA by x10000. Improves judgment in critical moments, along with perceived
authority and respect among allies, leaders, and society as a whole. Also grants a 50%
chance of any females you rescue will instantly hit max affection and fall in love with
you.
For saving the multiverse, [Fallen Seraphim] has now evolved to [Supreme Seraphim]!
[Supreme Seraphim]
The highest Angelic and Holy being, the first of its kind. Possesses all the benefits and
abilities related to Pure Angels, Fallen Angels, Holy Deities, Holy Magic, etc to an
infinitely higher level without the restrictions or downsides. Angelic and Holy beings are
intrinsically inclined to perceive you as superior.
[Han Jihan's Heir]
A secret perk within [The Gamer] System named after the Protagonist of the Manhwa
perceived by many throughout the multiverse as being the original Gamer that only the
one true Gamer can attain once proving themselves worthy. The core perks and skills of
[The Gamer] will now work at an infinitely higher level and full potential, and unique
hidden functions of [The Gamer] System are likely to be unlocked in the future. Also
increases likelihood of getting greater and desired rewards from quests, along with
rewards that the System believes [The Gamer] will need.
You have gained the following items:
[Skywalker Lightsaber] - Rank: A
The legendary lost lightsaber of the Skywalker Family and arguably the most important
lightsaber ever made. Originally created as the second lightsaber of the Chosen One,
Anakin Skywalker himself, whoever wields it has the potential to turn the tide of any
situation and can even potentially decide the destiny of both ally and foe when in the
hands of a master. Those who wield it are destined to have an important life.
Deals 45,788 WISx2 Light Damage
[Infinite Strike Gauntlets] - Rank: ?
The greatest pair of gauntlets of all time, capable of providing the user with
unparalleled offensive and defensive capabilities, especially in melee combat. One blow
while wearing the gauntlets is the equal to an infinite number of attacks. Can only be
used by its contracted user. Contracted User: Asmodeus.
Deals Infinite Damage
Quest Complete!

Quest: Chaos Quest
Objective: Find the Chaos Emeralds (7/7)
Reward: Item, Perk, Skill, Legendary Gacha Token(x5)
[Inhibitor Rings] - Rank: A
Shadow the Hedgehog's Inhibitor Rings, also known as Limiter Rings. Designed by
Maria and created by Gerald Robotnik, they are devices worn on both ankles and
wrists that limit the amount of [Chaos Energy] that Shadow uses during combat and
other situations by 90%. When taken off, the user can tap into their reserves of [Chaos
Energy] giving a drastic boost in power, though at the risk of over-exerting himself.
[Mega Launcher]
Boosts the strength of [Aura]-infused offensive skills by 50% and Heal-type skills by
75%.
[Aura Sphere LVL. 1/10]
The user lets loose a pulse of aura power from deep within its body at the target. This
attack never misses and it ignores any defense buffs and accuracy checks.
Costs 11,000 AP to use
Deals 90,000 + WISx5 Damage
[Max-Level Skill Token (x7)]!
[Legendary Gacha Token (x11)]!
+100 Affection with Ororo Munroe (100/100)
+100 Affection with Rogue (100/100)
+100 Affection with Betsy Braddock (100/100)
+100 Affection with Laura Kinney (100/100)
+100 Affection with Carol Danvers (100/100)
+100 Affection with Jennifer Walters (100/100)
+100 Affection with Sephie Michaela Deviluke (100/100)
Downloading System Update. Please Wait...
Holy shit.
To say these rewards are top-tier would be an understatement.

Saving my friends and the multiverse was indeed a heroic action, but to actually get a perk
that recognizes me as an actual hero is no small thing, though I did sweatdrop at the last
benefit of [Hero of the Three Worlds], briefly glancing at the mentioned girls and noticed
they were now blatantly ogling me with expressions of love and lust, with Sephie being the
most surprising, but considering she was technically still a widow at the moment with the
loss of her family and had came to terms with likely never being able to see them again even
after being revived, perhaps that was why.
And that [Supreme Seraphim] trait sounds pretty powerful, not to mention it goes well with
being the [Legendary Super Saiyan, [True Dragon God, [Majin, and [Void God]! And I
imagine Sariel would likely be particularly ecstatic.
And this [Han Jihan's Heir] thing? I never read the story but he seems like a pretty big deal.
My inner Star Wars fanboy was excited at the [Skywalker Lightsaber]. Not just for the
insane benefits it provided, but also the fact it was the OG lightsaber!
And these [Infinite Strike Gauntlets] sounded just as good as the [Omni-Sword]!
[Not gonna lie, this might be the best set of rewards you've gotten since beating Aldoron
and the immediate aftermath]
'Hm. It seems the system is going through an update. It's been a while since the last one.' I
said.
'No shit. These are gonna be useful as hell!' I reply before turning my attention to everyone.
"Now then, I think it's time we restore everyone's universes."
"!?" This statement surprises a majority of the group, mainly the newcomers.
"You can do that?" Hibiki said.
Instead of answering, I open my hammer space and pull out a large chalice with the [Black
Star Dragon Balls] resting inside it.
Xeno Vegito's eyes widened. "Are those…"
"Yup. The first set of Dragon Balls created by the Nameless Namekian before he split into
Kami and Piccolo." I confirmed. "While they can grant any wish unlike its later iteration,
these ones have the nasty downside of scattering across the galaxy and blowing up the planet
the wish was made on within a year's time if they aren't collected and brought back."
"If you know the risk, then why are you using them anyway?" The fusion asks, clearly
confused.
"Relax. I would not have them out if I didn't have a plan." They watch the chalice glow black
before it stops. "There. I've removed the downsides to the Dragon Balls, now they won't
destroy a planet or scatter across the galaxy, instead they'll turn to stone after the wishes are
granted and won't return to normal until after six weeks. And he can now grant a second
wish."

The fused Saiyan is surprised by his statement. He thought the Namekians were the only ones
who could alter the Dragon Balls. Is he also part Namekian?
"Now then," I set the chalice down and take a step back. "Eternal Dragon, by your name I
summon you forth! SHENRON!"
The Dragon Balls begin to glow until they burst in a surge of power that shoots outwards,
breaking through the roof and into space before forming into a gigantic, four-fingered
Chinese dragon. It has long flowing whiskers/barbels on the lower part of its jaw. Its skin is
blood red rather than green and also has larger gold horns with sets of multiple smaller ones
behind his head and has yellow eyes.
Needless to say, everyone except Xeno Vegito, Vados, and Marcarita were shocked at the
presence of the massive dragon, with even Selene being amazed at the sight and power,
though Natsu appeared starry-eyed at the sight.
"Why have you summoned me? Make your wish." Ultimate Shenron demands.
"Great Shenron, many universes and their inhabitants were unfairly destroyed due to the
actions of two individuals named Rustyrose and Towa. My first wish is that all of the
universes destroyed by those two, along with all of their inhabitants except for the really evil
ones, be fully restored!" I proclaimed. I added the last bit as a precaution inspired by the Buu
Saga, considering that blindly wishing everyone back could also revive evil and dangerous
individuals, including even Thanos or Doom given that Rusty and Towa had destroyed one of
the various Marvel Universes!
"... so be it." Ultimate Shenron's eyes glow bright yellow before they return to
normal. "Your wish has been granted. Speak your second wish."
"Wait, that's it? Just like that?" Juri Han said.
"Just like that." Vados smiles.
"If you all thought THAT was impressive, you should see what the Super Dragon Balls are
capable of." Marcarita giggled in amusement, drawing looks of shock and amazement from
everyone else of something even MORE impressive than Ultimate Shenron.
"Speak your second wish now!" Ultimate Shenron demands, clearing growing inpatient.
"Alright, calm down!" I said to the dragon. "For my next wish-"
*BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!*
Everyone is caught off guard by a sudden series of explosions causing the entire room to
shake and fall apart.
"What's happening!? Lucy yelled.
"Delta, what's going on!?" I ask my AI partner.

"The conflicting energy is causing this installation to self-destruct, implosion imminent."
Delta states.
"How much time do we have left?" I asked.
"Calculating now."
"As… mo… can… hear…" Someone's trying to reach me but the words are garbled.
Ultear turns to her AI. "Gamma, try to boost the signal."
"You got it." Gamma said.
"Asmodeus, can you hear me?" The voice of Android 21 comes up.
I blink at the familiar voice. "21?"
"Oh good, we finally fixed it!" 21 says in relief before her tone turns serious. "Listen, we're
picking up abnormal energy readings from the ring's core. You need to get everyone out of
there now."
"Calculation complete. T-minus 2 minutes to detonation." Delta said.
[Oh that is not good]
Meanwhile
Multiple explosions erupt from the halo, breaking apart violently and taking the remaining
tow cables with them, freeing the [Aincrad] as debris falls on top of it.
21 sees a new notice on the screen.
Hostile action detected.
Initiating defensive protocol.
The sudden loud and distorted groaning of the engines catches 21's ears. "Ah, Asmodeus?
Something's happening."
"What? What is it?" I asked.
"The engines are coming online, and there's notification of a defensive protocol being
activated." 21 answers.
My eyes widened. "Shit! That's the Hostile Action Displacement System! It's designed so that
in case of hostile action, the unit will send the [Aincrad] to a safe location! The worst part is
I don't know where it'll send you all!"
"Can we shut it down!?" 21 asks.

"No. Once the system's engaged, it'll lock the pilot out until it believes the hostile action's
over." I said.
[If the automatic defense mechanism is activated, then the destruction of the Halo
Array will be far more catastrophic than we anticipated. Considering Rusty and Towa
designed this place to launch a Genesis Wave, chances are that there is enough power in
the ring to devastate the Fairy Tail Universe and send ripple effects across the
multiverse]
'No shit, Tobi! And since I don't have the [Chaos Emeralds] with me, I can't just prevent the
place from detonating! And the logic-defying nature of [Chaos Energy] means I can't just
wish Shenron to stop it!' I thought in alarm.
[Then what do we do?!]
'I'm thinking dammit!'
"Asmodeus-kun, what's going on!?" I look up to see everyone looking worried and confused.
"A defense system in the [Aincrad] is going to send it far away from here and it'll leave us
all stranded if we don't do something about it." I said before snapping my fingers. "I got it!"
"What?" Cammy asks.
I turned to Ultimate Shenron. "You wanna know my second wish, right? Well here it is: I
want you to teleport everyone inside the Halo Array to the [Aincrad] except for me."
"WHAT!?" Everyone yells in disbelief.
"What are you doing, Azzy!?" Cana demands in outrage.
"Your wish has been granted." Ultimate Shenron declares and everyone starts to glow and
disappear.
Towa's body also glows and is teleported.
In habitat, the bodies of Athena and Metis are teleported away.
Aincrad – Control Room
The control room is suddenly flooded with the bodies of the Fairy Tail, the Etherious, the
Isekaijin, the Heroines, Saiyans, and so on.
Kisuke adjusts his hat. "Welcome back-" But is immediately swatted aside by the girls.
"You need to send us back now! Asmodeus is still in there!" Diana demands from 21 who
frowns.
"I truly wish I could, but unfortunately we can't. The reactor core of the Halo Array has
reached critical due to the overwhelming remaining power of the Genesis Wave becoming

unstable due to the counter-wave Mirajane-san released. Going back now could have fatal
implications, whether from the overwhelming [Chaos Energy] or its unstable negative
variant and the imminent implosion that will come from it." 21 explains, drawing looks of
horror from everyone.
"Well, that's all the more reason why we need to go back!" Brandish argued.
"Then you would undo all of the progress you've made." Kisuke retorts as he continues. "We
may have stopped the Genesis Wave, but the Halo Array still has enough power to not only
devastate your universe but also cause ripple effects to neighboring ones. Asmodeus likely
realized this and sent you all back to protect you so that he can contain it."
"But we can't just leave Asmodeus there to die! Not after everything he's done for us!"
Wendy cries.
"And what would you do if we did send you back there?" Yoko suddenly speaks up. "You'd
be lost and trapped, and if the implosion doesn't kill you then the radiation will. Face it, you'd
only be deadweight for Asmodeus-sama."
Wendy flinches at her cruel words and starts to cry as her friends gather to comfort her.
"Yoko, that was unnecessary!" Yuko chastises her older sister.
"All we can do now is put our faith in Asmodeus-kun that he can stop it and come back to
us." Sariel says with a sad smile as she and Yuko join the Fairy Tail mages in comforting a
crying Wendy.
Erza turns to the windows as she watches the abominable structure exploding in the distance.
"Asmodeus… you once said that I was strong and that you loved me." She seethes as she
clenches her fists. "You better come back to us soon… because I have my own feelings to
share."
Back in the Halo
"Farewell." Ultimate Shenron glows and he turns into seven spherical stones that I quickly
put in my [Inventory].
I then focus my senses on the strongest concentration of [Chaos Energy] in the Halo,
undoubtedly where the reactor core was located.
Using [Instant Transmission, I teleported to its location.
"This is it, guys. If I don't make it, I just wanna let you know you were the best." I said.
"It was nice knowing you as well, sir." Delta said.
[Don't count yourself out just yet. You got the power of plot armor and the author by
your side]

I walk inside and find a sun-sphere suspended in the air by anti-gravity rings, but those rings
are spinning rapidly and the core is growing bigger and hotter.
"... you think there's still time to head back with everyone?" I mutter.
The rings break apart and are sucked into the energy sphere like a vacuum… or a black hole.
"That seems illogical now." Delta responds.
"Ever the voice of reason, aren't you?" I take a deep breath. "Let's save the universe."
I transform into my [True Dragon God] form and combine it with [Chaos Mode] before
lunging myself at the sphere, grabbing it.
[You think a combination of your Dragon and Chaos forms will be enough to prevent
the reaction from destroying everyone?]
'It has to. My [True Dragon God] form is not only one of my strongest forms but also pushes
my [Infinity Dragon Slayer Magic] to its ultimate level, which allows me to consume and
manipulate all elements and forms of power. And adding [Chaos Mode] will not only make it
stronger and further improve my resistance against any problems caused by the
overwhelming [Chaos Energy, but also improve my ability to absorb and manipulate it.
Coupled with [Energy Manipulation, I may have a real shot at this!' I replied, resolute on
stopping this threat from endangering everyone.
I bite down at the sun and start to absorb the excess energy.
"It is no use. Even if we remove the conflicting energy, it will not stop the implosion." Delta
states.
"We don't need to stop it. Just drain it enough so that it doesn't do any irreversible
damage to the universe!" I growled.
However, the energy continues to build up faster than I can absorb it, causing the core to
glow brighter.
"Oh fu-"
The Halo Array explodes in a firefly blue blaze but it quickly to regress and sucks everything
into itself, leaving a giant nebula in its place.
*Woosh~* *Woosh~*
The familiar sounds of waves hit my ears as consciousness fully returns.
"Aaargh." I moaned out, not of pain but of stiffness as I struggled to move.
[We must have been out for a while. The implosion must have knocked out hard]

I slowly get up as I finally find a foothold to force myself up. I look around and find myself
in a somewhat normal beach before I look forward and my eyes threaten to shoot out of my
sockets.
In the distance is a giant tree, towering over seemingly everything around it.
"Interesting. For a tree to grow of such magnitude it must be incredibly old." Delta comments
but notices the strange look on his partner's face. "Asmodeus?"
[Is that what I think it is…?]
"Yeah…" I knew what this tree was, and its significance.
The Great Tree, also called the Mother Tree. Which means I am in the Ever After.
The ninth season of RWBY.
"Shi-"
TO BE CONTINUED!
Would you like to save your current progress?
Saving… DING!
Data is saved.
Author Notes
It's FINALLY DONE! Cue the confetti!
*Confetti sounds*
But seriously, I am so happy this is finally done! I know that a lot of you have been wanting
an update for so long but the wait is finally over!
I wish I could say more, but AO3 has a word limit.
See you all in 2025.
Peace~

Chapter 32: Aincrad Floor Plans
Floor 1: Throne Room
Floor 2: Royal Suite (Asmodeus' Room)
Floor 3: Control Room
Floor 4: Bar #1
Floor 5: The Wardrobe
Floor 6: Women's Floor (Those who decide to stay with Asmodeus)
Floor 7: Men's Floor (Those who decide to stay with Asmodeus)
Floor 8: Guest Floor (Formally the Fairy Tail Floor)
Floor 9: Hot Springs
Floor 10: Living Room
Floor 11: Cafeteria
Floor 12: Movie Theatre
Floor 13: Arcade
Floor 14: Swimming Pool
Floor 15: Library and Archive (Otherwise known as Seilah's domain)
Floor 16: Bar #2
Floor 17: Torafuzar's Dojo
Floor 18: Zen Room
Floor 19: Spa Resort
Floor 20: Laundry Room
Floor 21: Satan's Soul
Floor 22: Medical Room
Floor 23: Training Room (For normal training stuff)
Floor 24: Simulation Room/Danger Room

Floor 25: Blacksmith/Forge Room
Floor 26: Firing Range (Of all kinds)
Floor 27: Shops and Accessories (A family of Moogles showed up one day and decided
to set up shop)
Floor 28: Botanical House
Floor 29: Map Room
Floor 30: Ruby Palace Entrance/Garden
Floor 31: Pokémon Sanctuary/Centre
Floor 32: Cloth Designing Room
Floor 33: Versus Simulation Room (Fight against opponents from different worlds)
Floor 34: Divinity Machine
Floor 35: Dungeon (Kyôka's playground. Enter if you dare)
Floor 36: Education Room
Floor 37: Engineering
Floor 38: Hangar Bay
Floor 39: Aquarium
Floor 40: Fancy Restaurant (Delicacies from different worlds)
Floor 41: Greenhouse
Floor 42: Farmhouse
Floor 43: Field of Flowers and Cherry Blossoms (Lady Avalon can often be found here)
Floor 44: Environmental Training (Different terrains of land and sea to train in)
Floor 45: Public Kitchen
Floor 46: Holiday Simulation Room
Floor 47: Children Day-care
Floor 48: Round Table Room
Floor 49: Communication Room (Able to call people from other worlds)

Floor 50: Hyperbolic Time Chamber
Floor 51: Amusement Park
Floor 52:The Chapel
Floor 53: Shinto Shrine
Floor 54: Beach Room
Floor 55: Candy Shop (Kisuke's element)
Floor 56: Music Room
Floor 57: Bank
Floor 58: Video Game Room (Switch, PlayStation, Xbox you name it!)
Floor 59: Blood Gulch (Church's element)
Floor 60: Magic Workshop (Irene's element)
Floor 61:Convenience Store (Because why not?)
Floor 62: Animal Sanctuary
Floor 63: Dentist
Floor 64: Operating Room
Floor 65: Guest Room
Floor 66: Therapy Room
Floor 67: Physical Therapy Room
Floor 68: Vehicle Training Room (Where people train to drive and pilot stuff)
Floor 69: Beauty Parlor
Floor 70: Ninja Mansion
Floor 71: Panic Room
Floor 72: Casino Resort
Floor 73: Wildlife Sanctuary
Floor 74: Team Raid Training Room (People Team up to face against Boss Monsters)
Floor 75: Waste Disposal

Floor 76: Arts and Crafts Room
Floor 77: Pet Training Room
Floor 78: Pokémon Training, Coordinate and Battle Room
Floor 79: Animal Hospital
Floor 80: Water Park
Floor 81: Card Game Room (Yu-Gi-Oh! and other card games as such)
Floor 82: Amphitheater
Floor 83~86: Lemegeton (Full of Monsters and Golems)
Floor 87: Groundbridge Terminal
Floor 88: Secondary Control Room
Floor 89: Transcendence Machine
Floor 90: The Vault
Floor 91: Teleportation Array System
Floor 92: Asmodeus' "Man-Cave" (No Girls Allowed!)
Floor 93: VIP Security Room
Floor 94: Armory
Floor 95: Testing Room
Floor 96: Emerald Altar/Engine Room
Floor 97: Cerebros
Floor 98: Architectural Configuration System
Floor 99: Shield Generator
Floor 100: Anti-Gravity System
Floor 101: Wishing Room (Hidden)

Chapter 33: Asmodeus - Post Fairy Tail Arc
Name: Asmodeus
Title: The Gamer, Dark Emissary, Hell Walker, Judge, Demon Lord, Fairy's Ally, Bane
of Dragons, Master Forger, Master of Death, Lord of Terror, Blade God, Chaos Bringer,
Hero of the Three Worlds, Han Jihan's Heir
Race: Omniversal Chimera
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 1,731
HP: 20,133,315 (2013331 per minute)
MP: 15,110,372 (1511037 per minute)
SP: 10,070,466 (1007047 per minute)
AP: 17,701,679 (1770168 per minute)
VIT: 503,333
STR: 399,854
DEX: 503,523
END: 503,367
INT: 486,040
WIS: 590,056
MAG: 503,679
LUK: 503,333
CHA: 503,437
Credits: 5,112,307,690
Main Base: Aincrad (Sword Art Online)
Current Harem List:

Lamy (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: B-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Slippery Curse,
Marksmanship, Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation,
Magic Manipulation, Spatial Manipulation, Martial Arts Mastery, Genius-Level
Intellect
Selene (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: L-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Moon Dragon
Slayer Magic, True Dragon God Transformation, Aura, Transcendent, Mana
Burst(Dragon), Mother of Chaos
Erza Scarlet (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: G-cup -Semblance: Scarlet Legion - Abilities:
Requip(The Knight), Sword Magic, Telekinesis, Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki
Block, Kaioken, Mirage Blades, Mana Burst(Dragon), Instant Transmission, Martial
Arts Mastery
Mirajane Strauss (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: J-cup - Semblance: Infinity Booster Abilities: Satan Soul, Transformation Magic, Aura, Mana Burst(Demon), Transcendent,
Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Kaioken, Energy Manipulation, Magic
Manipulation, Martial Arts Mastery, Goku Black moveset
Seilah (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: H-cup - Semblance: Haki - Abilities: Eternal Curse,
Aura, Transcendent, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Magic
Manipulation, Enchant Magic, Ice Devil Slayer Magic, Ice Magic, Pleasure, Famished
Soul, RIP, Historia of the Dead, Dragon Slayer Magic (God Serena's 8 Dragon Slayer
Magics), Martial Arts Mastery
Irene Belserion (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: J-cup - Semblance: Dragon Legion - Abilities:
Enchant Magic, Universe One, Aura, Eye Magic, Sage Dragon Slayer Magic, Law
Dragon Slayer Magic, Dragon Transformation, Transcendent, Ki Manipulation, Ki
Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Magic Manipulation, Mana Burst(Dragon),
Martial Arts Mastery
Brandish μ (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: I-cup - Semblance: Nullification Chains - Abilities:
Command T, Copy Magic, Aura, Transcendent, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block,
Energy Manipulation, Magic Manipulation, Spatial Manipulation, Telepathy, Martial
Arts Mastery
Kyôka (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: H-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Enhancement,
Enchant Magic, Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Magic Manipulation,
Energy Manipulation, Martial Arts Mastery
Cana Alberona (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: J-cup - Semblance: Karma - Abilities: Magic
Card, Fairy Heart, 3 Great Fairy Magics, Fortune Telling, Aura, Instant Transmission,
Transcendent, Ki Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Telepathy, Ki Sense, Ki Block,
Magic Manipulation, Martial Arts Mastery
Ur (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: J-cup- Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Ice-Make Magic,
Fairy Heart, Fire God Slayer Magic, Ice Devil Slayer Magic, Void Dragon Slayer Magic,
Ankhseram Black Magic, Black Arts, Illusion Magic, 3 Great Fairy Magics, Aura,

Transcendent, Ki Manipulation (normal and Evil Ki), Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy
Manipulation, Magic Manipulation, Martial Arts Mastery
Athena (Fairy Tail/Xenosaga) - Cup Size: G-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities:
Transcendent, Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Magic
Manipulation, Dragon Slayer Magic, Alchemy, Nanotech Transformation, Babel
Restriction Protocol, Zenkai, Mana Burst(Dragon), Martial Arts Mastery
Métis (Fairy Tail/Xenosaga) - Cup Size: G-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities:
Transcendent, Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Magic
Manipulation, Babel Restriction Protocol, Dragon Slayer Magic, Alchemy, Nanotech
Transformation, Zenkai, Mana Burst(Dragon), Martial Arts Mastery
Android 21 (Dragon Ball FighterZ) - Cup Size: K-cup - Semblance: Unknown Abilities: Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Majin Transformation, Energy
Manipulation, Magic Manipulation, Zenkai, Martial Arts Mastery, Genius-Level
Intellect
Super Android 18 (Dragon Ball Z/Super) - Cup Size: K-cup - Semblance: Unknown Abilities: Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Magic
Manipulation, Zenkai, Martial Arts Mastery
Dimaria Yesta (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: J-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Âge
Seal, God Soul: Chronos, Time God Slayer Magic, Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki
Block, Energy Manipulation, Martial Arts Mastery
Anna Heartfilia (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: K-cup- Semblance: Unknown - Abilities:
Celestial Spirit Magic, Dragon God Transformation, Mana Burst(Dragon), Aura, Ki
Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Space-Time Manipulation,
Martial Arts Mastery
Layla Heartfilia (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: K-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities:
Celestial Spirit Magic, Dragon God Transformation, Mana Burst(Dragon), Aura, Ki
Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Magic Manipulation, Martial
Arts Mastery
Ultear Milkovich (Fairy Tail) - Cup Size: J-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: IceMake Magic, Arc of Time, Aura, Copy Magic, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block,
Energy Manipulation, Magic Manipulation, Martial Arts Mastery
Lady Avalon (Fate) - Cup Size: EE-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities:
Clairvoyance, Succubus' Vicinity, Hero Creation, Dreamlike Charisma, Hope of Avalon,
Aura, Ki Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Magic Manipulation,
Psionic Manipulation, Salvation, Sonido, Dark Wisdom, Martial Arts Mastery,
Protection from Arrows, Resilient Body, Massive Strength
Yuko Sagiri (Triage X) - Cup Size: L-Cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Salvation,
Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Martial Arts

Mastery, Limit Break, Blade Mastery, Ultra Instinct, Sonido, Protection from Arrows,
Resilient Body, Ultimate Warrior, Massive Strength
Yoko Sagiri (Triage X) - Cup Size: L-Cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Aura, Ki
Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Martial Arts Mastery, Limit
Break, Blade Mastery, Ultra Instinct, Sonido, Protection from Arrows, Resilient Body,
Ultimate Warrior, Massive Strength
Konomi Suzue (Triage X) - Cup Size: L-Cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Aura,
Ki Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Martial Arts Mastery,
Marksmanship, Protection from Arrows, Resilient Body, Massive Strength
Shizuka Marikawa (Highschool of the Dead) - Cup Size: L-Cup - Semblance: Unknown
- Abilities: Salvation, Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Martial Arts Mastery,
Sonido, Protection from Arrows, Resilient Body, Massive Strength
Chun-Li (Marvel Vs CAPCOM) - Cup Size: J-Cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities:
Aura, Ki Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Martial Arts
Mastery, Ultra Instinct, Kaioken, Protection from Arrows, Resilient Body, Ultimate
Warrior, Massive Strength, Judge
Diana Prince (Prime) (DC) - Cup Size: KK-Cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities:
Aura, Ki Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Martial Arts
Mastery, Blade Mastery, Ultra Instinct, Kaioken, Sonido, Protection from Arrows,
Resilient Body, Ultimate Warrior, Massive Strength, Judge, Adept
Sariel (Seven Mortal Sins/Heavenly Virtues) - Cup Size: L-Cup - Semblance: Unknown
- Abilities: Aura, Ki Manipulation, Energy Manipulation,Ki Sense, Ki Block, Magic
Manipulation, Psionic Manipulation, Salvation, Sonido, Martial Arts Mastery
Belial (Seven Mortal Sins/Heavenly Virtues) - Cup Size: L-Cup - Semblance: Unknown
- Abilities: Aura, Ki Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Magic
Manipulation, Psionic Manipulation, Sonido, Martial Arts Mastery
Mammon (Seven Mortal Sins/Heavenly Virtues) - Cup Size: L-Cup - Semblance:
Unknown - Abilities: Aura, Ki Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Ki Sense, Ki Block,
Magic Manipulation, Psionic Manipulation, Sonido, Martial Arts Mastery
Chisato Hasegawa (Testament of Sister New Devil) - Cup Size: K-Cup - Semblance:
Unknown - Abilities: High God Transformation, Salvation, Aura, Ki Manipulation, Ki
Sense, Ki Block, Energy Manipulation, Magic Manipulation, Psionic Manipulation,
Sonido, Martial Arts Mastery
Wanda Zatara (DC/Marvel Crossover) - Cup Size: K-Cup - Semblance: Unknown Abilities: Chaos Magic, Logomancy, Probability Manipulation, Magic Manipulation,
Energy Manipulation
Dlanor A. Knox (Umineko: When They Cry) - Cup Size: AA-Cup - Semblance:
Unknown - Abilities: Flight, Reality Manipulation, Teleportation, Dimensional Travel,

Conceptual Manipulation including Conceptual Attacks, Conceptual Being,
Summoning, Conceptual Resistance and Forcefield, Truths, The Knox Decalogue,
Genius-level intellect
Kaguya Nanbu (Super Robot Wars: Endless Frontier) - Cup size: L-Cup - Semblance:
Unknown - Abilities: Sword Master, Tsubakuro no Kai (Swallow's Cowrie), Nyorai no
Hachi (Buddha's Bowl), Hourai no Eda (Jeweled Branch of Penglai), Hinezumi no
Koromo (Fire-rat Robe), Ryuagito no Tama (Dragon's Jaw Jewel), Nanbu Reijutsu
Gokou (Southern Spiritual Arts 5), Nanbu Ittouryu Gekka Bijin (Southern Itturu
Moonlit Beauty), Nanbu Reijutsu Tukimi Zake (Southern Spiritual Arts Moon Viewing
Sake), Nanbu Reijutsu Hanami Zake (Southern Spiritual Arts Cherry Blossom Viewing
Sake), Nanbu Ittouryu Teppou (Southern Itturu Gun)
Kefla (Dragon Ball Super) - Cup size: H-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities : Ki
Manipulation, Kiai, Zenkai, Legendary Saiyan Transformation (Controlled), Ki Sense,
Potara Fusion Multiplier
Juri Han (Street Fighter/Marvel Vs CAPCOM) - Cup size: J-cup - Semblance:
Unknown - Abilities : Expert Martial Artist, Feng Shui Engine, Photographic Memory,
High Durability, Superhuman Strength and Speed
Cammy White (Street Fighter/Marvel Vs CAPCOM) - Cup size: J-cup - Semblance:
Unknown - Abilities: Expert Martial Artist, Military Training, Psycho Power
(Limited), Weapon Expert, High Durability, Superhuman Strength and Speed,
Marksmanship, Assassination, Natural Leader
Kara Zor-L; Power Girl (DC) - Cup size: L-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities:
Kryptonian Physiology, Astral Punching, Multilingualism, Sound Manipulation, Genius
Level Intellect, Business Management, Journalism, Martial Arts, Energy Manipulation
Divine (DC) - Cup size: L-cup - Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Kryptonian
Physiology, Martial Arts, Genius Level Intellect, Sound Manipulation, Energy
Manipulation
Eve/Golden Darkness (To Love-Ru) - Cup size: C-cup (Can change her size at will) Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Nanotech Transformation, Darkness Transformation,
Expert Martial Artist, Enhanced Strength, Enhanced Durability, Enhanced Agility and
Reflexes, Expert Tactician, Energy Manipulation
Emma Frost; White Queen (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM) - Cup size: KK-cup Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Omega-Level Telepathy, Astral Projection,
Telekinesis, Organic Diamond Form, Psychic Energy Manipulation, Expert Technician,
Defense Training, Master Astral Combatant, Pilot
Jean Gray; White Phoenix (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM) - Cup size: K-cup Semblance: Unknown - Abilities: Empathy, Omega-Level Telepathy, Omega-Level
Telekinesis, Psychic Energy Manipulation, Master Astral Combatant, Phoenix Force
Empowerment, Astral Projection, Expert Martial Artist, Pilot

Ally List:
Fairy Tail (The Guild)
Torafuzar (Fairy Tail)
Tempester (Somewhat) (Fairy Tail)
Larcade Dragneel (Fairy Tail)
Kushina Uzumaki (Naruto)
Hinata Hyūga (Naruto)
Anna Marie; Rogue (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM)
Goryu (Triage X)
Nana Shimura (My Hero Academia)
Sayo Hitsugi (Triage X)
Mikoto Uchiha (Naruto)
Ororo Munroe; Storm (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM)
Laura Kinney; X-23 (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM)
Jennifer Walters; She-Hulk (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM)
Xeno Goku (Dragon Ball Heroes)
Xeno Vegeta (Dragon Ball Heroes)
Hibiki Tachibana (Symphogear)
Nanoha Takamachi (Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha)
Fate Testarossa (Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha)
Natasha Romanoff; Black Widow (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM)
Betsy Braddock; Psylocke (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM)
Carol Danvers; Ms. Marvel (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM)
Illyana Nikolievna Rasputina; Magik (Marvel/Marvel Vs CAPCOM)
Yoruichi Shihōin (Bleach)
Faris (Fairy Tail)

Touka (Fairy Tail )
Sephie Michaela Deviluke (To Love-Ru)
Vados (Dragon Ball Super)
Marcarita (Dragon Ball Super)
Kirio Hikifune (Bleach)
Servant List:
Perfect Cell (Dragon Ball Z)
August (Fairy Tail)
Bloodman (Fairy Tail)
Kisuke Urahara (Bleach)
Leonard Church (Red vs Blue)
AI Fragments (Red vs Blue)
Current Perk/Traits:
Regenerator
Gamer's Body
Gamer's Mind
Determination
Dragon's Sin of Wrath
Silver Rinne-Sharingan
Adept
Evil Smile
Friendly Smile
Radar
Bloodlust
Gambler's Charm

Element Amp
Devil's Charm
Dark Emissary
Judge
Ultimate Warrior
Nemesis (Semblance)
Massive Strength
Magic Core
Negative Protection
Protection from Arrows
Dark Wisdom
Payback Over Requiem (Stand)
Dragon Core
Chaos Mode
Ultimate Adonis
Harem God
Sex God
Legendary Super Saiyan Mutation
Celestial Engineer
Master Forger
Lord of Terror
Majin
Conqueror
Gamer's Reset
God Ki
Charitable Patron

Savant Polymath
Mate Mark
True Dragon God Transformation
Blade God
Ultra Ego
Perfected Ultra Instinct
Supreme Seraphim
Han Jihan's Heir
Void God
Chaos Bringer
ULTRA Asmodeus
Mega Launcher
Current Skill List:
Observe (Max)
ID: Create (n/a)
ID: Escape (n/a)
Blade Mastery (Max)
Movement Mastery (Max)
Chroma (Max)
Renzokuken (Max)
Blade Beam (LVL. 1)
Lockpick (LVL. 1)
Sonido (Max)
Super Archive (Max)
Elemental Manipulation (Max)

Aura of Despair (Max)
Rhabdophobia (LVL. 1)
Dark Ray (LVL. 1)
Black Hole (LVL. 1)
Perfect Unknowable (Max)
Chaos Control (Limited) (LVL. 1)
Duplicate (Max)
Dragon Pulse (LVL. 4)
Draco Meteor (LVL. 2)
Dragon Dance (LVL. 1)
Dragon Breath (LVL. 1)
Hyper Beam (LVL. 1)
Roar of Time (Max)
Spacial Rend (Max)
Shadow Force (Max)
Sword Dance (LVL. 3)
Salvation (Max)
Infinite Dragon Slayer (Max)
Kaioken (Max)
No Motion Jump (LVL. 1)
Summon: Reaper (LVL. 1)
Summon: Bianco Angelo (LVL. 1)
Summon: Demonic Hell Bearer (LVL. 1)
Summon: Siegebreaker Assault Beast (LVL. 1)
Summon: Gebdu, Mountain Breaker (LVL. 1)
Summon: Manticore (LV. 1)

False Date: Life (Max)
False Date: Mana (Max)
False Date: Aura (Max)
Sheer Cold (Max)
Ki Manipulation (Max)
God Ki Sense (Max)
Ki Block (Max)
Instant Transmission (Max)
Martial Arts Mastery (Max)
Marksmanship (n/a)
Energy Manipulation (Max)
Psionic Manipulation (Max)
Almighty Magic (Max)
Unlimited Blade Works (Max)
All of the World's Evil (Max)
Aura Sphere (LVL. 1)
Current Inventory List:
Chocolate Bar - Rank: F
Wooden Sword - Rank: F
Simple Magic Staff - Rank: F
Health Potion - Rank: D
Mana Potion - Rank: D
Emotional Inhibitor Chip - Rank: D
White Fang - Rank: C
Nirichin Sword - Rank: C

EXP Necklace - Rank: B
Atlas Armlet - Rank: B
Dragon Plate - Rank: B
Dread Plate - Rank: B
Master Morpher - Rank: B
Gamer Party Ring - Rank: B
Risky Dice - Rank: A
Elixir - Rank: A
Blue Sister - Rank: A
Skill Martyr - Rank: A
Perk Martyr - Rank: A
Super Shotgun - Rank: A
Core Drill - Rank: A
Senzu Bean - Rank: A
El Dorado - Rank: A
Claws of Hades - Rank: A
Ace of Spades - Rank: A
Beowulf - Rank: A
Hellrender - Rank: A
Skywalker Lightsaber - Rank: A
Phoenix Down - Rank: A
Devil Sword Sparda - Rank: A
Ash Greninja's Pokeball - Rank: A
Inhibitor Rings - Rank: A
Gamer's Grimoire - Rank: EX
Amulet of the Ancient Sage - Rank: EX

Shackles of Exodia - Rank: EX
Leviathan Axe - Rank: EX
Fusion Cannon - Rank: EX
Necklace of the Black Moon - Rank: EX
The Way of the Warrior - Rank: EX
UMF Suit - Rank: EX
Gorehowl, Might of the Warchief - Rank: EX
Captain America's Proto Adamantium Shield - Rank: EX
Darksaber - Rank: EX
Rogue Shadow - Rank: EX
Potion of All-Potential - Rank: EX
Max-Level Skill Token - Rank: EX
Rebellion - Rank: EX
Tora-Shina - Rank: ?
Isekai Summoning Staff - Rank: ?
Omni Sword - Rank: ?
Worldstone - Rank: ?
Omnificence Crystal - Rank: ?
Black-Star Dragon Balls - Rank: ?
Infinite Strike Gauntlets - Rank: ?
Here's everything from the start of the arc to now, and boy that's a lot of Fairy Tail
girls! Damn! I honestly forgot about that chocolate bar. That was such a long time ago
lol.
Anyways, hope you enjoy it.
Peace~

Chapter 34: Ever After: The White Rabbit
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
Earthland – Magnolia
Earthland – Magnolia
The townspeople can be seen working hard rebuilding their town, helping each other after
suffering the near swap of their universe and merciless invasion of the demons.
Many lives were lost. During that brief time of universal transference, thousands of innocents
have either perished or gone missing and with many more being reported every minute. The
Magic Council has been working nonstop to investigate the cause, as well as the culprit
behind the catastrophe.
Makarov was able to convince the council that it was Rustyrose, an S-Class Dark Mage and
member of Grimoire Heart, who was responsible for throwing the world into chaos using
Dragons, Demons, and an ensemble of kidnapped female mages whom he brainwashed to
follow his bidding, all using "unknown" Lost Magic he learned during his time in Alvarez.
He was after the power of the Five Dragon Gods of Guiltina for the purpose of powering a
magical ritual that would give him infinite power, but thanks to the efforts of the Fairy Tail
guild and the newcomer Asmodeus, they defeated him and turned the world back to normal.
When asked who Asmodeus was, Makarov simply replied that he was a wandering mage
who was passing by. That without his Magic Power and wisdom, they and by extension
Earthland won't be here today.
The Magic Council wondered how they had never heard of this mage, as news of a prodigy
like this would have reached their ears even from somewhere like Guiltina. Makarov
responds that he's a bit of a hermit and only uses his magic sparingly. This was one of the rare
times he was using his full power.

And while Ishgar was dealing with its own problems, the rest of the world wasn't faring any
better.
Alakitasia was in ruins. The Alvarez Empire was completely destroyed and replaced with a
gigantic forest that seemed to stretch across the continent. Emperor Ajeel and his advisors
were leading the rebuilding efforts while also demanding for the heads of the "tomato-head
demon" and the "raven-haired woman" that decimated his forces and kingdom, as well as
creating the massive forest.
Brandish, Irene, and Dimaria, along with the other formerly dead members of the Spriggan
12, persuaded Ajeel to seek help from Ishgar in order to hasten the restoration efforts while
also building a good relationship between the governments. They never told him it was
Asmodeus who summoned the forest and decided it was better if he never found out, lest they
ruin the budding alliance.
Guiltina, while having suffered minimal casualties, their finances were another story.
Alchemy guilds and their subsidiaries are a big source of income to the continent, mainly
because they have a monopoly on minerals and other resources, much to the Magic Council's
annoyance. But with the #1 alchemy guild, Gold Owl, effectively no more and their strongest
legal magic guild crippled, the economy took a hit. Even with other guilds trying to take the
number one title, there just wasn't enough supply to meet the demand. Mercphobia and
Elefseria, along with Athena, Métis, and the Signario Sisters decided to help with
reconstruction efforts and stabilizing the economy.
She-Hulk, Ms. Marvel, August, Bloodman and Tempester went with the female Spriggan to
Alvarez. Selene and 18 took a handful of the girls to Elentear. Cell, Goku, Vegeta and the rest
of the girls went to Edolas with Ur and Ultear to help rebuild.
"Faster people. Faster!" A familiar voice yells. It was Erza donning a pair of blue overalls, a
pair of classic leather boots, a yellow hard cap, gloves, and a white v-neck t-shirt that showed
off a bit of cleavage.
"Man. Can't Erza let us rest? We've been working since 3 AM." Droy groans before getting
whipped in the back. "OW!"
"Quit complaining you fool! We must rebuild the town so that I can re-enact my Evil Plans in
your world and take it over when you least expect it because your stupid! And then, I will gut
you all and use your entrails to vacuum cleaners! HUHUHUHUAHAHAHAHA!" Wendy
cackles, her voice had gone down a decibel and now sounded a bit like her Edolas
counterpart if she were insane.
Elfman carries a tower of bricks blocking his vision before one of his legs gets caught on
something and comically falls to the ground while hundreds of bricks pile on top of him.
Not long after, Elfman's head bursts from the mountain of bricks, his [Aura] having tanked
all of the damage.
"What the hell, Gamma!? Why didn't you warm me I was about trip over!?" Elfman yells as a
small cyan hologram appears.

"You didn't ask. Plus it was pretty funny. Ha ha ha ha." Gamma laughs in his text-to-speech
voice.
"C'mon, Mr. Gildarts, you're almost there!" Theta cheers as Gildarts moves multiple carts of
heavy construction equipment with only his own strength.
"One more push...!" Gildarts stumps forward and pulls the carts to their destination.
"You did it Mr. Gildarts!" Theta cheers as holographic fireworks go off behind him.
Erza lets out a tired sigh at AIs antics. Omega, Theta, and Gamma decided to stay with them
to help with Magnolia's reparations, although out of the three only Theta is the only being
helpful.
It's been like this since they came back.
Flashback
The Aincrad cruises through a kaleidoscope tunnel of light and energy, constantly spinning
on its axis.
Inside, everyone is silent as they try to process what had transpired.
"I… I can't believe he's gone…" Brandish sobs while her mother embraces her.
"That idiot." Cell grunted.
"Master…" Seilah clenches her hand in her chest.
"Dammit!" Natsu rages and runs straight for the controls. "Take us back, you stupid castle!"
"Hey, don't touch that idiot" Gray yells but is too late as Natsu presses a random button in the
console panel which immediately explodes and sends the Salamander crashing to the wall
behind him.
Alarms rage to life as the entire room lights up with sparks scattering from various surfaces
and a portion of the controls shoot out from their hinges.
ALERT!
MULTIPLE OPERATIONAL FAILURES
The [Aincrad] shoots out of the vortex, spinning out of control as its gyroscope starts to fail.
It flies through the sunny skies uncontrollably, passing Guiltina and Alakitasia as its crew
hold onto dear life as the fortress shoots itself at uncontrollable speeds.
Lamy slowly moves towards the exploding console in the hopes of stopping the castle before
shooting forward as the entire structure tips on its side and then on the other, sending the
rabbit Etherious backwards.

EMERGENCY! EMERGENCY!
Fissures form everywhere as a surge of energy bubbles from under their feet. Fire and
explosions spread everywhere, the stoney walls start to crumble, the velvet clothes fall in the
torches and burn, and the ceiling above the console starts to break apart.
Xeno Goku blasts the doors open with a Ki shot. "Everyone out!"
Everyone quickly runs out of the control room. Karen and Divine make a grab for the
unconscious Athena and Métis and leave just as the fire spreads until*BOOM!*
The entire room shakes in a violent explosion, with fire covering every nook and cranny of
the once medieval-inspired control room.
Everyone jumped out of the way from the incoming ocean of fire only for Natsu to quickly
swallow it all whole.
"De-*BURP*-licious~" Natsu burped, tapping his stomach with a satisfied look on his face.
Kisuke, 21, Gildarts, Yoruichi, Lamy, Happy, and Lady Avalon peek inside only to find a
mess of charred, melted steel and dangling wires as the bells tolling louder in the
background.
"Oh dear." Kisuke grimaced.
"But wait, if no one's in control, then-" Before Gildarts can finish, the entire crew is sent
flying back.
The Aincrad crashes into Lake Scilliora with its upper section colliding with Fairy Hills,
destroying it.
Flashback ends
After getting things sorted, the AIs decided to to split up into three groups. Iota, Eta, and
Epsilon went with Selene, Sigma and Church stayed in the [Aincrad] to help with repairs,
and Gamma, Theta, and Omega went back to Magnolia with the rest of Fairy Tail to help
rebuild.
Although Erza uses the word "help" loosely here; only Theta seemed to be genuinely trying.
Gamma has been bullying Elfman, misdirecting him and annoying him with knock-knock
jokes, and Omega hijacked Wendy without anyone noticing, which resulted into that
perversion of Fairy Tail's innocent little sister.
'I still don't know where she got that whip.' Erza grimaced as she watches Wendy licking her
whip. 'I just hope Wendy isn't traumatized by this.'
"It's a good thing Ruchio was out when we crashed, though the earful Master got wasn't any
better." Erza overhears Droy. "Laki gave the girls a place to stay thanks to her

improved [Wood-Make] and the mayor was kind enough to let them use the bathhouse for
free until the repairs are done."
"Those girls are definitely enjoying that perk at least, but according to Mira and Cana, the 2
of them and the rest of Asmodeus' girls prefer to hang out at Selene's hot springs, with those
other hot babes who were rescued from that bastard Rusty also joining them." Jet says.
"…what I would give to join them even for 5 minutes." Droy wishes, with his friend nodding
in agreement.
Erza sighs. It was a popular topic of gossip with the male members of Fairy Tail. How both
Asmodeus' harem and Rusty's victims were bathing together at Selene's hot springs in
Elentear, whether to relax from aiding in the reconstruction and recovery efforts, for
introductions and bonding for the various females, or to support one another while
adjusting/coping from either Rusty & Towa's modifications or the current disappearance of
Asmodeus.
The rest of Fairy Tail's female members were invited to join as well, but only a few like Erza
herself, Lisanna, and Lucy actually accepted. The majority of Fairy Tail's females declined
largely as to not wanting to cause trouble due to feeling both envy for how impossibly sexy
they all were, yet also sympathy for Rusty's victims given that their current looks were the
result of said madman's brutal experiments to fulfill his sick desires.
Most of the males in Fairy Tail wanted to somehow impress a few of the rescued girls in
hopes of getting a shot with at least one of them, but after the brutal beating Elefseria
received after secretly arriving in Elentear to sneak a peek at the "heavenly goddesses"
bathing and the death threat he got from Selene for intruding in her domain, even the biggest
perverts in Fairy Tail knew better than to push their luck.
Jet looks at his partner up and down. "... you know. I still don't get how you're still fat despite
training for years."
Droy flexes his arms as stars twinkle all around him. "Does this look fat to you?"
*CRACK!* *CRACK!*
"Faster, you fools! Faster! I'm already late for my Evil snacks with the flying cats!"
Omega!Wendy cracks her whip and the duo quickly run off.
Erza watches the two run and sighs before turning to the heavens.
"Asmodeus, I hope you're alright... wherever you are." Erza says longingly.
Meanwhile
I raise my hand into the empty space before I'm suddenly pushed back by a repelling force.
Semblance – [Nemesis] has been restricted. Dimensional travel is unavailable.
I try to use [Instant Transmission] to pinpoint Fairy Tail's energy only to sense nothing.

[Instant Transmission] is locked and unavailable.
"This is impossible." I pull up my skill sheet.
[Ki Manipulation] - Locked
[Infinite Dragon Slayer] - Locked
[Almighty Magic] - Restricted
[Salvation] - Restricted
[Unlimited Blade Works] - Locked
[Psionic Manipulation] - Locked
[Energy Manipulation] - Restricted
[Kaioken] - Locked
[Shadow Force] - Locked
[Sheer Cold] - Locked
[Expand]
"It can't be." I close it and open my Trait window.
[Silver Rinne-Sharingan] - Restricted
[Regenerator] - Locked
[Radar] - Locked
[Ultra Ego] - Locked
[Perfected Ultra Instinct] - Locked
[ULTRA Asmodeus] - Locked
[Chaos Mode] - Locked
[True Dragon God Transformation] - Locked
[Legendary Super Saiyan Mutation] - Locked
[Majin] - Locked
[Supreme Seraphim] - Locked
[Payback Over Requiem] - Locked

[Expand]
"That's not right. How…?"
"Is something wrong, sir?" Delta asks, unable to see the system.
"Give me a second." I pull up my main screen only to pale at what comes up.
Ǹ̸̻͇̄͝a̶̘͓̤͑̃̉͗͘ m̴͈͋ e̴̢̟̯͛̌͑͜͜:̴͚̼̐͋̚ Ȩ̷̵̯͚̣͖̮̣̥͆̈́̏͒̈́͗̚ R̶̩͔͖͌͗͌̃R̸͇̺̚ O̸͍̦̎ R̶̼̋
Ṯ̸̛̇̈́ï̸̱̳ t̵̻̤̮͝l̷͉͓̒̎ͅ ẽ̴̠͇ :̵̫̬̈́͠E̷̸̙̘̭̗͌̎̉͠ R̸͙͍̪̈́R̴͙̐̌ Ö̸̱̫́̑̈́ Ŗ̴̆
R̸͂ͅ a̴̝̐̈́c̶̡̻̝͓̲̋̂ ȩ̷̫͙̋́:̵̛͖͐͌̀̇ ̵͇͊͠É̴͎̬̬͗̂̈͜R̶̘̦̬͖̓́̓̊̚͜ Ȓ̵̻̀̈͊̔ Ǫ̴͉̻̟̥̽̑͐ R̶̰̱̋͝
A̷̩͕̤̩̓͊̂̏l̵͇̦͓̰̺͂̑ î̷̡̼̲̺̏͋̀̆ g̸̝͙̫̮̤͂ ṋ̵͍̌̉̓́̏m̶̮̠̤̄͝ e̵̤̣̩͋͊͒̎͘ n̷̢͑̈́́̇͒ t̴͈̠̓̍͠:̸̛̮̳̪̓ ̵͙̥̗̩̦̔͐E̴͉̪̐͝R̷̟͖͎̜͋̚ R̸̯̲͔̿̇͗̕O̵͍̕R̵̨̥̈͗̀̎
L̷͈̭͈͠ẹ̶̈́̓̈́v̶͖̣̀̀̂̄͝ę̷̞͓̞͎̉͋̔ ḷ̸̛͓̅̎͝:̶͖͙̄̏̃͆͐ ̸̝͐̆Ë̶̛̫́̉̓͘ͅ Ŗ̶̳͖̀Ṟ̸̥̻̤̈̚̚ O̵̩͍̲̜̓͊̒ R̷̗͎͔̮͊̋͘͜
'What the fuck!?' I mentally scream in horror at the zalgo-like mess of errors that is now my
status screen.
[It wasn't me]
'What the hell happened, Tobi!? And you better give me a straight explanation!' I yelled.
[I don't know what to tell you. Nothing should be able to mess with the system like this.
The only way that can happen is if-]
'If what?'
[... is if the system itself is interrupted. Remember the message you got after completing
the mission? The system update connected to {Han Jihan's Heir}? When you tried to
stop the Halo Array's implosion, your body absorbed ridiculous amounts of Negative
Chaos Energy, resulting in the update files becoming corrupted and leaving the system
in an unstable state, allowing for outside forces to punch through and mess with your
soul]
'So this is my fault!?'
[To put it bluntly, yes]
'Then how come you're not corrupted?'
[I may be a part of the system, but I run on an entirely different operating system. Or
have you forgotten that I'm a copy of the being who gifted you with the system in the
first place? Good thing too, because it is a mess down here. Who knows how extensive
the damage is or how long it's going to take to restore it?]
'At least it's not a complete loss. My [Aura] is still working and I can use [Nemesis] to an
extent along with my lesser abilities.' I huffed.

[The best way is to vent out the excess negative energy. But with Chaos Mode locked
and your Energy Manipulation restricted, it may take us much longer than we hope]
"I do not want to interrupt your internal monologue sir, but I detected a faint heat signature
7.2 clicks of your current position." Delta chimed.
I look up and, in a short distance, there are distinct markings on the sand. I speed walk
towards it and see that they're footprints. Human footprints, and they're leading towards the
entrance to a jungle of sorts.
[No other way but forward now]
With nothing else I venture into the jungle. In the jungle, there are rocking horse flies with
plants in the ground, colorful plants and trees. I keep on walking until I find myself standing
exactly where I was before.
"What?" I look around, clearly confused. I walk onwards but the same thing happens again.
"Goddammit."
"It would appear that this jungle has trapped us in a spatial loop." Delta said.
I sigh and take my attention to the sky. "How am I supposed to get out of here?"
"Perhaps I can be of assistance, sir." A voice calls out, it sounds refined and with a British
accent.
"Proximity alert. I advise caution." Delta warned.
I open my right hand and black sparks surge out of the fingertips. "Who goes there?"
A rustle of leaves grab my attention and out comes a snow-white rabbit standing on its hind
legs like a person.
[... what?]
"That is not scientifically possible." Delta said.
"Hello." The rabbit hops towards me and raises its paw. "Good to meet you."
I kneel and shake his paw. "Good to meet you, too."
I let go of the rabbit's paw and the two of us stared at each other.
[Well this has turned awkward rather fast]
'I know help me!' I yelled.
"Pardon me good sir, but what are you?" The rabbit asks, snapping me out of my thoughts.
"I could say the same to you." I replied.

"Oh that's simple, I'm the White Rabbit." He replies.
'The White Rabbit…' Of course I know who that is. He is one of the characters from Alice in
Wonderland. In the story, Alice follows the rabbit and falls in the titular rabbit hole and is
transported into Wonderland. Since RT based the Ever After after Wonderland, this isn't
much of a surprise.
"Well, I'm Asmodeus." I said.
"Is Asmodeus your purpose?" The rabbit asks.
"No, that's just my name." I said. "What about you? Do you have a name?"
"We of the White Rabbit clan do not have names." He said.
"Well, one shouldn't live without a name." I cup my chin in thought and an idea quickly
surfaces. "I got it. How does 'Peter' sound? 'Peter Rabbit'?"
[Really? He's already a character from Alice in Wonderland and you're gonna give him
the name of another fairy tale character?]
'Hey, if it fits, why not?' I countered before looking back at the now-named Peter Rabbit. "I
figured since you're from a clan of White Rabbits, 'Rabbit' could remain as your family name,
but 'Peter' will now be your personal name."
"And how does one… 'Peter Rabbit'?" The newly named Peter Rabbit asks and I chuckle.
"That's just your name, silly. It's who you are." I said.
"Fascinating." Peter says, his eyes sparkle with interest. "It is an honor to be blessed with this
incredible experience."
[You should ask him how to leave this place]
"Say, do you know how to leave this place?" I asked.
Peter tilts his head confused. "Leave sir? What do you mean by leave?"
"Just out of this jungle. I'm a bit lost, you see."
Peter Rabbit thinks for a moment. "I cannot say for sure. Maybe the Elder will have the
answers."
"The Elder?"
"The Elder of my clan." He starts hopping towards the trees, the exact same ones that I've
been trying to pass. "This way!"
I stare at the trees before finally walking towards them but instead of ending at the beginning,
I am standing in a small village full of nothing but white rabbits all staring at me.

[That's a lot of whabbits]
"Over here!" I look up to see a waving White Rabbit standing next to a large hut.
I walk towards the hut, ignoring the gazes of all of the white rabbits until I finally reach the
hut.
"Apologies. My clan is a very isolated community. We have not had an outsider visit us in
quite a long time." Peter opens the door. "Wait here. I will let the Elder know of your
presence." He then disappears inside.
I sit down on the floor and wait. Time feels so slow when you have nothing to do.
"When was the last time I sat down to think…?" I mused before feeling something poking
my side.
I glance down and see a small white rabbit holding up a… rainbow apple?
"Uh… thanks." I take the apple and the small rabbit quickly hops back to its parents, who
were pulling these apples from the ground.
"Quite an interesting specimen." Delta said.
I look at the apple.
Rainbow Apple - [Rank: E]
Despite its colorful appearance, it's really just a normal apple.
[And here I thought it was a pot apple]
"I would recommend withholding from consuming it. We do not know what sort of effects
the vegetation on this planet will have on humans." Delta recommends.
"Don't worry. I'm not even hungry anyway." I throw the apple into my hammer space just as
the door to the hut opens.
"The Elder will see you now." Peter says and goes back inside.
I stare at the entrance; it's big enough for a child to go through. 'This is gonna be annoying.'
I push myself inside until I finally manage to get my whole body inside.
Inside is a throne made of branches and tree bark, and on that throne is a large white rabbit
with droopy ears, fur covering his eyes and a beard that reaches the floor.
[Well he certainly has the elder look down]
"So you are the outsider that my child spoke of." The older rabbit said. His voice is deep but
kind. "I am Augur, the leader of the White Rabbit Clan."

"Child? I didn't know he was your son." I said and the Elder chuckled.
"Is it wrong to see all of my clan as my children?" He said.
"Well, my name is Asmodeus." I introduced myself.
"Is that what you are?" Augur asked.
"It's who I am." I affirmed.
The elder hummed. "... no."
I arch an eyebrow. "No?"
"You do not know who you are, much less what you are." Augur said, catching me off guard.
"That's ridiculous. Of course I know who and what I am." I said.
"You do not know who and what you are because it hasn't been unveiled to you yet. As long
as that truth is hidden, you will never achieve the true potential you are seeking." Augur said.
'Do you have any idea what he's talking about?'
[I am just as lost as you right now]
"The road you walk is full of infinite possibilities. You will receive love, friendship,
knowledge, power, and wonderment. But you will also gain danger, revelations, rage, and
death." He adds.
"There's no way you can possibly know that." I muttered.
"Like how Towa tried to invert reality so that she can free her universe?" Augur said, causing
my eyes to widen in surprise.
"How did you know that!?" I exclaimed.
"There is still so much you do not know. And so much for you to discover." Augur said.
I was starting to lose my cool. "Stop being cryptic! How do you know that name!? Who even
are you!?"
"Do not raise your voice at the Elder, sir!" Peter Rabbit hisses but the Elder raises his paw.
"It is alright, my child, he has every right to distrust me." Augur told him. "The Tree has
given me the role of Oracle. As such, I hold the power of prophecy. And I have been waiting
a long time to meet the one who walks the path of chaos and twilight."
[Is he saying what I think he's saying?]
"Are you saying you've been waiting… for me!?" I skeptically asked.

"Perhaps, perhaps not. It could be you or it could be another. What I do know is that you have
a role to play here." Augur muses before the atmosphere around him changes.
"When Entropy ravages the Ever After,
The God of Six Races shall descend, followed by his five disciples, and will mend the Crack
of Eternity.
Seek out the Rusted Soul,
Do not be tempted by the God of Games,
Do not listen to the Caretaker's whims,
Face the twisted reflection in the Shattered Mirror,
And polish the lost Gem to shine brighter,
Only then, shall God Ascend."
I was rather surprised by the Augur's words, but they definitely gave credence to him being
an Oracle, as it sounded exactly like the type of prophecy you would hear in popular fantasy
franchises.
'Well, it sounds like things in the Ever After will be even crazier than what they were in
canon.' I mentally remarked.
[No shit, Sherlock. The first line alone implies greater danger than what Team RWBY
faced in canon. Most of the prophecy thankfully is easy to understand given your meta
knowledge. The "God of Six Races" is clearly about you since you are a chimera
composed of Human, Demon, Angel, Dragon, Saiyan, and just recently Void. The rusted
soul, shattered mirror, the caretaker, and the gem are clear references to Jaune, Neo, the
Curious Cat, and Ruby, but who is the "God of Games"?]
'No idea. At first I thought he was referring to the Red Prince and his obsession with chess,
but when I think about it, that doesn't make any sense.' I noted. 'I'm more interested in this
"Crack of Eternity" in the first line of the prophecy. What does that mean?'
"What do you think, outsider? Did my words vanish any doubts you had before?" Augur asks
which knocks me back to reality.
"I will be honest… I wasn't expecting that." I bluntly admit which made the Elder smile.
"You are the first to tell me such a thing." He said before letting out a painful cough.
"Elder!" Peter quickly rushes to his side.
"I am alright. This is merely the result of withholding [Ascension]." Augur says between
coughs.

"Withholding [Ascension]?" I asked.
"The Elder White Rabbit is the first and the oldest in our clan. He is the only one of our kind
to have been blessed by the Great Tree. Legends say that he is one of the first beings to walk
this land and given the task of prophecy. Even after the centuries passed by, he refused to
Ascend, and patiently waited for the one in the prophecy to appear." Peter turns to Augur as
tears begin to fall. "But now… he can no longer hold it back. If he doesn't Ascend soon… he
will crumble to dust!"
"What is [Ascension]?" I asked.
"It is a fundamental part in our lives here in the Ever After, after we have reached the
conclusion of who and what we are we ascend to find new meaning for us in the next." Augur
replies.
"So it's death."
The elder gives me a fatherly smile. "Not death. Renewal."
[When you think about it, it kinda reminds you of Doctor Who]
"Oh! So basically it's [Regeneration]." I thought as I do to see the comparison of the two.
"Now then, there is no point in prolonging the call." Augur grips the side of his throne and
forces himself up. "My task is finally complete." He plucks a rainbow leaf from his throne
and eats it.
"Elder…" Peter Rabbit sobs.
The elder's body starts to emit a kaleidoscopic glow. "I have but one request. Please take this
young one on your journey. He is bright but he is still young. He needs to learn of the world
before he can become the leader of our people."
Peter's eyes widened. "But elder, I can't! There is no one who can lead us. You have watched
over us for so long!" He feels a hand on his shoulder.
"You are different, little one. You simply need to trust yourself." He said.
"You keep saying that, but the Tree didn't give me a role or purpose. I'm nothing!" Peter
cried.
"The Great Tree has a purpose for all of us, but more often than not, you must find it
yourself. Have faith, learn well, and persevere. That is the key to discovering your purpose,
little one." Augur reassured him before looking back at me. "If you wish to leave, you must
let the Tree guide you to where it knows."
[What does that mean?]
But before I could ask, Augur's body glows brighter as he looks up at the ceiling. "I hope the
ears are a bit less conspicuous this time."

Suddenly a hole opens under Augur's feet and it swallows him whole before it promptly
closes.
Peter Rabbit wails on the floor. I pull myself out of the hut to give him some space only for
the village to be suddenly blanketed by spontaneous rain.
"I can't tell if this is the typical eccentric randomness of the Ever After, or the Great Tree
showing its own form of mourning for the passing of the Elder." I mutter in annoyance at the
weather as I get soaked, before using [Nemesis] to create a dome above me to block the rain.
Just then, Delta appears on my shoulder. "I have cross-referenced this 'Ever After' to the
fictional story Alice in Wonderland. However, I am unable to find any references
to [Ascension] or the Tree in the story book."
I nod. "Yeah. I expected that."
"There is also the matter of the Elder's prophecy. I am having a hard time deciphering who
the key figure's identities are." Delta adds.
"I believe I have a clue on the identity of the 'gem' but I am not entirely sure yet." I said.
"What of the Shattered Mirror, the Rusted Soul, the Caretaker, and the God of Games?" He
asked.
"No idea, especially on the last one." I admit with a sigh.
"It would help my research if I could access a database." Delta said, causing my eyes to
widen.
"Maybe you can." I poke Delta's hologram and his body begins to glitch out.
"W-W-W-Wh-a-a-a-t?"
"I just gave you a copy of [Super Archive]. I honestly forgot it existed until just now." I said
to Delta's glitchy state. "You should be fine. Handles had the same reaction but it'll wear off
after a while." Delta then shuts down. "Okay. That's a first."
[I think you bricked him]
"I hope not. The last thing I need is for a bunch of tiny multicolored hologram people yelling
at me for killing their brother. " I winced at the mental image of all the AI fragments lashing
out about Delta, except Church because the guy's an asshole and probably Epsilon.
After about 5 to 7 minutes, I push my head back inside to face Peter Rabbit.
"You okay?"
Peter wipes the tear tracks off his fur. "I… don't know."
"I am sorry for your loss, but the Elder left this world without any regrets." I console him.

"But what should I do now…?" He asks. "With the Elder gone, I don't-"
"Yes you do. He wishes for you to journey out into the world and grow from the experience
so that you can one day lead your people to the future." I told him.
He looks at me square in the eye. "Y-You really think so…?"
I smile. "Sure. I believe in you!"
The rabbit starts crying and gives me a hug.
[Looks like you got your first disciple]
After a couple minutes of sobbing, Peter lets me go.
"I…I know the Elder already asked this of you, but may I come with you?" Peter asks as he
wipes his tears.
"Of course." My neutral expression turns serious. "Though I should warn you that it's likely
going to be very dangerous."
"I understand." He said, but I didn't buy it.
"This is serious. We're going into unknown territory and your life will be in grave danger." I
firmly said. "You can back out and I won't judge you."
Peter Rabbit looks down. "You have a point but," He looks right at me. "I want to fulfill the
Elder's final request. And I think my first step into finding my purpose is to be by your side,
sir."
[Wow. The little critter sure is determined]
"But before we leave, I must inform the clan of the Elder's [Ascension] as well as my role as
his successor."
"Alright." I nod.
I pull myself out and allow Peter to leave the hut and to speak to his people while I sit and
watch.
[Are you ready? Those other "disciples" are likely Team RWBY, and this will be your
first time ever meeting them. Or at least a version of them]
'Yeah. I honestly don't know how to feel. On one hand, I'm excited to meet the iconic team in
real life. On the other hand though, they've been through some traumatizing shit and
considering canon's in the toilet, things could have gone worse for them.' I thought with a
sigh.
Peter quickly hops back to me as happy cheers ring in the background. "It is done, sir. We can
go."

I arch an eyebrow. "Just like that?"
"[Ascension] is a part of life. My clan is happy that the Elder has finally Ascended because it
hurts them to watch him slowly wither to nothing." He has a sad smile. "I just… hope I'll see
him again."
"Maybe." I said. "But I know for a fact that he'll always be with you," I poke his chest. "In
here."
Peter Rabbit smiled at this, which I reciprocated until I sensed a surge of [Aura] in the
distance.
'Looks like Team RWBY is getting into a fight.' I thought before looking at Peter. "We should
get going, I can sense other outsiders fighting here in the Ever After, and they are likely
related to the Elder's prophecy."
"O-Oh! Of course! Follow me." Peter hops towards the village entrance and I follow suit.
I run through the dense jungle forest with only Peter's shining white fur as my guide.
Suddenly I find myself out of the jungle only to be greeted by a grizzly sight.
It was a large, tall humanoid creature with a dark purple body. Its physique appears emaciated
with a pronounced spine, collarbone, shoulder-blades, ribcage and pelvis. It has giant purple
crystals protruding from its shoulders and back. There are two sets of purple and dark-yellow
striped horns sprouting from the back of its cranium and lower skull. There are dark-yellow
stripes on its hips and on the forearms. Their hands and feet are the same dark-yellow color
as the stripes. It has four digits on each hand and three digits on each foot, each ending with a
claw made of sharpened rock. It has a long tail that starts thin and fans out close to the tip,
adorned with spikes at its end. On its face it appears to wear a grey lupine or reptilian masque
with white highlights with a crystal coming out of its right eye.
It was definitely the Jabberwalker, but it looked sick, corrupted.
Name: Jabberwalker
Title: Walker, The Searcher, Chaos Vessel
Level: 371
HP: 498,111
SP: ?
Thoughts about you: &%#*$
[Chaos Vessel? That's not good]
As I ponder looking at the clearly different Jabberwalker, my attention immediately shifts to
the other individual lying on the ground before it.

She's a beautiful girl in her late teens with deep lilac eyes and long, thick, wavy bright golden
hair that fades to pale gold at the tips with a cowlick sticking out at the top. Her outfit
primarily consists of khaki overalls that hug her physically fit yet curvaceous body, the gold
zipper of which is unzipped just below the E-cup breasts to reveal a white low-cut cropped
tube top, along with other features. What was noticeable, however, was the apparent lack of a
right arm, along with the slash marks and cuts all over her outfit and body, with blood slowly
covering her outfit and the ground around her.
Name: Yang Xiao-Long
Title: Blondie, Sunny Little Dragon, Firecracker, Yellow Berserker
Affiliation: Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former), Team RWBY
Level: 93
HP: 10,342
MP: 0
SP: 25,667
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: none
"Agh, fuck." Yang curses, clutching the slash wound on her side.
A shadow looms over Yang and she can only stare as the monstrosity readies its long black
claws to tear her apart.
"Sorry Rubes. Looks like big sis wasn't strong enough." Yang closes her eyes.
"Get away from her!" A loud male voice roars and Yang's eyes snap open just in time to see
someone punch the daylights out of the monster and send it flying.
"W-What the?!" Yang stutters, only for a prominent blush to appear when she sees her
savior's exposed abs and handsome face. 'Whoa, talk about eye candy.'
"Goodness. You certainly surprised me sir." Another voice catches Yang's ears and she turns
to see white rabbit standing on two legs and walking towards her!
"Greetings, madam. I am a White Rabbit, though you may call me Peter Rabbit. Pleasure to
meet you." Peter Rabbit bows to the dumbstruck Yang.
"W-What are you?" Yang sputters out.
"Hm? I just said I am Peter Rabbit. I thought I was very clear." The rabbit said.

Before Yang can argue, a loud roar causes her to whip her head back to the fight and he sees
the boy grappling against the monster AND winning at that.
"Ha!" I push the Jabberwalker back causing it to lose its balance and use that window to kick
its face breaking the crystal that was its right eye.
The monster wails in pain, writhing on the floor as it clutches the now empty socket.
'I couldn't make a dent, yet this guy is able to hold his own against him without a
weapon…!' Yang thought in shock and slight envy.
"Strong. Dangerous. Abnormal." The Jabberwalker says while it clenches its damaged
face.
"Oh. So you can talk after all. Good, because I have some questions for you." I walk up to it.
"What. Are. You?" The Jabberwalker questions as it slowly looks up at Asmodeus. "Power.
Familiar. …Father?"
I freeze at his question. "What did you call me?"
"Yang!" A familiar voice catches the attention of not only Yang but also myself as I see three
newcomers arrive.
The first is a fair-skinned young girl in her mid to late teens with [Silver Eyes] identical to
my own and spiky-choppy black hair with red tips and the bangs swept to the right side. Her
outfit is comprised of a black and red lined lace-up corset with four buckles hanging loose
over a mesh sleeveless top over a white low cut long-sleeved blouse, as well as a black
choker around her neck, and a red pleated skirt that is split at the side with a small brown
belted strap across the gap, and bright red shorts under it that hugs her budding curvy yet fit
figure and her C-cup breasts.
The second person is a pale-skinned young woman with pale blue eyes and long white hair
tied in a braided ponytail. Her outfit is a pale blue sleeveless dress with deep red lining, bow
detail fixture, and two diamond-shaped pieces hanging from the corners of the hem, over a
white diagonal hem strapless dress, above which she wears a vivid blue shrug with a raised
collar, puffy sleeves and the Schnee emblem on the left sleeve, fastened by a blue, silver
outlined strap, hugging her own curvy yet fit figure and C-cup breasts. On her arms are a pair
of long navy blue gloves with silver top trim surrounding a red gem at the top.
The last individual is a fair-skinned young woman with short black hair and amber eyes, with
black cat ears protruding from her head. Her outfit is a purple sleeveless leather catsuit with a
high neck with a single short silver zipper alongside matching zippers that run from her
thighs to her ankles on the front of the legs that end with boots that have light purple soles
and trim, with kneepads present on her legs. Her outfit hugged her lithe yet curvy figure like
a glove, showing off her D-cup breasts and heart-shaped ass.
Name: Ruby Rose

Title: Cookie Monster, Red Reaper, Leader of Team RWBY, Last of the Silver Eyes
Level: 88
Affiliation: Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former), Team RWBY, Team
RNJR
HP: 41,321
MP: 23,444
SP: 56,009
AP: 52,123
Thoughts about you: you have Silver Eyes
Name: Weiss Schnee
Title: Ice Queen
Affiliation: Schnee Dust Company (Former), Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas
(Former), Team RWBY
Level: 87
HP: 40,865
MP: 0
SP: 51,511
AP: 58,800
Thoughts about you: Skeptical but thankful that you protected her friend
Name: Blake Belladonna
Title: The Beauty, Princess of Menagerie, Freedom Fighter, Black Cat
Affiliation: White Fang (Former), Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former),
Team RWBY
Level: 92
HP: 52,900
MP: 0
SP: 54,140

AP: 62,082
Thoughts about you: Thankful that you saved Yang
"Yang! Are you okay?!" Ruby says in horror upon seeing her sister's injured state, with her
and her teammates crouching by Yang's side.
"…I'll live, Rubes. Ugh." Yang groaned.
I stare at the interaction happening not too far away. "It's them." My lips curve up slightly.
"It's really them!"
[I think you should focus on the fight. That Jabberwalk thingie does not look right]
I turn back to see the Jabberwalker slowly getting up, but it doesn't look right. Its body was
trembling, like it's in pain.
"Pain… Hurts…" Oh yeah, definitely in pain.
[It must be the Chaos Energy infecting him. It's eating its body from the inside. We
need syphon it out or it'll keep mutating]
*CRACK!*
More crystals sprout out of the monster's body before it opens its mouth and unleashes a
potent sonic attack.
"AAAAAHHHH!" Blake screams as her human and cat ears start to bleed. Everyone else
covers their ears.
"Ugh." I take a knee while blocking my ears as they also bleed.
The Jabberwalker stops its sonic attack. "Flee. Flee!" He then vanishes in a flash of light.
[Did that thing just use Chaos Control? Oh, this could be trouble]
'We can worry about that later.' I stand up and quickly use magic to heal my eardrums.
[The Chaos Energy has mutated it. It wouldn't surprise me if the denizens of this world
don't have similar afflictions. We should remain cautious]
'But first, we should probably take care of them.' I glance at the hurt and disoriented team
RWBY.
"Ugh! This fucking sucks!" Yang yells.
"WHAT?" Blake yells back.
Later
I finish healing the little mouse and it quickly hops to Ruby's side.

Name: Little
Title: The Adorable Talking Mouse
Level: 1
HP: 100
MP: 0
SP: 100
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Kind
"Thank you. Mr. human!" The mouse, Little, said.
"No problem." I said before looking down at my hands.
'[Salvation] is usually instantaneous, but now it took almost a full minute to heal. Not only
that, but I couldn't regrow Yang's arm.' I noted.
"Um…" I turn to see a nervous Ruby. "Thank you for protecting my sister. And also healing
us."
"It was nothing. I'm actually surprised that there were other humans here." I lied.
Ruby stares at me with interest. More specifically she stares at my eyes. "You… have [Silver
Eyes]."
"So do you. Guess silver isn't that rare of an eye color huh." I remark with a light chuckle but
Ruby looks crestfallen.
"Yeah…" She whispers under her breath, but I was able to hear it.
[Oh dear…]
"I'm Yang by the way! Thanks for saving my butt back there!" Yang says with her signature
grin.
"I am Weiss Schnee. A pleasure to meet you." Weiss bows.
"My name is Blake, and thanks for saving my partner." Blake says with a light smile.
"And I'm Ruby Rose." Ruby said with a small smile but without the usual cheer that
accompanies it.
"Nice to meet you all, my name is Asmodeus." I gesture to my companion. "And this little
guy here is Peter Rabbit."

"A pleasure to make your acquaintance." The rabbit bows.
"... That rabbit just talked." A shocked Blake points out.
"And you guys have a talking mouse." I countered.
Just then, said mouse makes a reappearance. "Hi again! I'm Little! I'm Ruby Rose's friend."
"And a pleasure to meet you too, sir Little." Peter nods in acknowledgement.
The little mouse tilts his head cutely in confusion. "What's a sir?"
"Asmodeus? That doesn't sound like a color." Weiss points out.
"You're right, it's not. It's actually the name of a demon." I said which freaks the girls out.
"You were named after a demon!? What kind of parents would name their child after an evil
monster!?" Blake exclaims in outrage and I shrug.
"Well, I wouldn't know. I'm an orphan, and I gave myself that name." I told them.
Weiss and Blake give me a look that basically says "are you stupid?"
[While not technically a lie, you knew full well what you were doing when you chose
that name]
"... are you a demon?" Ruby nervously asks.
"Yes… but also no. I'm the best of both worlds." I said with a grin.
Blake's the only one who understands the meaning behind his words. "You're a half-demon?"
"Not quite." I said. "I'm what most would call a chimera. A being with a body made up of
different races." My Saiyan tail unwraps from my waist and wiggles back and forth.
"Cute." Yang comments.
Weiss then steps in. "Okay, now I know you're not making sense! How can you be a
chimera!? You look like any run of the mill Monkey Faunus!"
My right eye twitches with slight anger. Guess my Saiyan pride won't allow me to let that go,
especially given the current limited interference on [Gamer's Mind].
"Don't call me a monkey. I hate it when people do that." I warned her and she winced.
"S-Sorry!" Weiss said and I sigh.
"Anyways, I wasn't always like this. I was human at the beginning."
"Did someone make you like this?" A concerned Ruby asks and I shake my head.

"No. I chose this." I said. "Where I'm from, I had to fight enemies that were beyond human
strength. So I had to become what I am now to match them all in power."
Blake picks up on what I mean. "You mean you're not from Remnant?"
"It's complicated, but essentially yes." I said.
[Though you are from Remnant, you aren't from the same timeline as them, so
technically you aren't lying]
Weiss has it. "Are you serious!? Are we just supposed to believe you're from another world
or something!?"
I gesture to the world around us. "Look around you Weiss. The evidence is staring right in
front of you. Or are you saying your world also has talking animals?" 'Though Earthland has
talking cats but that's beside the point.'
"He's got you there, Weiss." Yang comments.
"And besides, what would I gain from lying to you?" I ask rhetorically.
[Except that you've been telling them half-truths since this conversation started]
My response caused Team RWBY to relax a little, though Blake still seemed a little guarded.
"How do we know that you're not just tricking us? For all we know, you could be planning
something." A skeptical Blake states.
"And what might that be?" I egged her on.
"Our souls. I read in a book that demons feed on souls. And the souls of Huntsmen are
considered a delicacy for your kind." Blake responds which shocks her team.
[I'm surprised Blake knows something like that. I thought Remnant didn't have a
religion or a mythology. All they have are fairy tales]
"A-Our souls!?" A frightful Ruby squeaked while Yang and Weiss got in front of her.
"Eep!" A frightened Little hides in Ruby's cloak.
"I can't speak for others but I definitely don't need to eat souls. I'm plenty strong on my own."
I crack my neck to emphasize my point.
[Was the neck crack really necessary?]
Little slowly peaks out from the cloak. "S-So does this mean you won't eat our souls?"
"No, I won't. Because it's beneath me. It would defile everything I worked for." I firmly state.
[Well, aren't you being humble?]

"Besides, you girls aren't my type. Though the cat ears are pretty cute." I send a wink in
Blake's direction causing her to blush.
Yang sees this and glares daggers at me with fiery red eyes.
"Now then," I began. "Now that I've answered your questions, it's only fair that you now
answer mine."
"What do you want to know?" Weiss asks.
"Well firstly, how did you girls end up here?" I ask, making the girls give me looks of
uncertainty. "If you don't want to answer, that's fine too."
"No, no. It's okay." Blake takes a deep breath. "We fell."
I arch an eyebrow. "Could you elaborate?"
"We enacted a plan to safely evacuate the people of Atlas using an artifact called the [Staff of
Creation]. But we were ambushed by two of our enemies and pushed off the bridge." She
continues.
"And where exactly was this bridge built over?" I asked, continuing my act of ignorance.
"It was a pocket dimension of sorts, like the vaults where the staff was stored. With bridges
that connected to portals so that people could travel from one kingdom to another in an
instant." Weiss explains and I narrow my eyes.
"So you created a gap between the dimensions in order to skip the spatial differential to move
locations, all while existing within the real-time envelope." I see the girls' confused looks as
my expression hardens. "That was risky, and stupid. One misstep could have ripped the entire
planet in two!"
"We were trying to save people!" Weiss defended.
"And you would have killed many more. You were lucky you had that staff act as the anchor,
otherwise we wouldn't be talking right now." I fire back. 'I already had to deal with two
maniacs trying to mess with reality. I don't need a group of naive little girls trying to mess
with it too.'
Ruby goes pale at the implications. "Sorry…"
I sigh. "Look, I know you mean well, but you can't just do stuff like that without some degree
of understanding and precautions beforehand. You were lucky this time, but luck can only get
you so far."
"…We understand." Ruby says in a resigned tone, with her and her teammates looking down
at the ground in shame.
[Isn't that a little hypocritical of you? You can manipulate space-time as you please
whenever you want and yet you chastise them for doing the same thing]

'That's different, Tobi. I can get away with it without consequences thanks to my extensive
abilities and meta-knowledge. But these girls have none of that. They have no idea what
they're doing nor the experience to control it, and it could have blown up in their faces if they
weren't careful.' I countered.
[But they used the staff to do the heavy lifting, so doesn't your argument become moot
at that point?]
'... it doesn't change the fact that they were stupid, and now they're stuck here. Like me.' I
huffed.
The atmosphere was heavy between the five of us. Peter wasn't sure on how to process all of
this given how fast things escalated and Little hid under Ruby's cloak and covered his ears.
[Let's just focus on getting out of the Ever After and whatever new dangers we may
face. The Elder's prophecy clearly indicates things will be more dangerous than in
canon]
"Back to the point, I wish I could send you all back home, but my powers are on the fritz
right now." I snap my fingers a few times but nothing happens.
"You can do that?" Said a surprised Yang.
"Comes with being part demon. Spatial magic is very useful when you want to get
somewhere fast. Especially when you master it." I comment which got the Huntress'
attention.
"Magic… that's what you used to heal us?" Ruby silently said.
"Yeah. But it's usually instantaneous instead of a full minute." I sigh at how magically weaker
I've become.
Upon hearing the revelation that I could use magic, Team RWBY once again tensed and
became guarded, with Blake and Weiss drawing their swords since they were the only ones
armed at the moment.
"Hm?" I gave them a confused look before my brain clicked. 'Right! I forgot that only the
Maidens and Salem have magic in RWBY. And these girls didn't have a good experience with
magic users.'
"How do you have magic? You're not a woman so you can't be a Maiden." Weiss states, her
saber poised for battle.
[Is she joking or was she not paying attention]
"I just told you I was a demon, didn't I? And demons have magic." I said, like it was the most
obvious conclusion. "Also why would I need to be a woman to have magic?"
The girls look at me sheepishly.

"Right, sorry. We forgot for a moment that you're not from our world." Weiss said.
"It's fine. Don't worry." I sighed. 'Thank god my acting skills haven't faltered. It's been a
while since the last time I've used them.'
[Your innate Aizen-level acting still baffles me. I'm surprised it isn't a skill]
'I'm just a natural.' I point out. "Now would you all care to explain the sudden hostility?"
The four girls turn to each other before Weiss sighs.
"There are four women on Remnant who can use Magic to control the elements. We call them
Maidens." Weiss answers.
"Really? Just four? Can't you guys or anyone else in your world use magic?" I asked but
Yang huffed.
"Oh I wish." Yang scoffs thinking of how useful that would have been back home.
"No, we can't. The Maidens are the only ones." Weiss responds though I know that's a lie.
"And I'm gonna take a wild guess and speculate that one of your enemies is a Maiden." The
girls nod. "That's bullshit."
"Yeah, tell me about it." Yang grumbles before continuing. "Now that we answered your
questions, I have a few of my own, like how did you get here and where are you from? We
can rule out Remnant since you didn't know about the Maidens."
[If only she knew the things that ramage in your head, she would not hesitate to try to
beat you to death]
"In order: My friends and I were fighting a pair of megalomaniacs who tried to control the
multiverse. We defeated them but I was caught in an explosion and when I woke up I was on
a beach." I said keeping it as vague as possible.
"Multiverse?" Ruby asks genuinely curious about the subject, as are Little and Peter.
"It means multiple universes, Ruby." Weiss clarifies.
"Right, so do you girls know anything about Multiverse Theory?" Only Weiss nodded. "Well
to put it simply, it's very true and very much real. And the universe I was in had over
hundreds of different types of magic that you can learn. It's as common as a cold."
"Damn, that's sick. Wish I could go there and learn some kickass magic." Yang comments.
"You don't know half of it." I chuckle, remembering the diversity in Earthland magic. "So,
what's the deal with your arm?"
"Huh?"

"That's right." Weiss turns to the blonde brawler. "What happened to your arm, Yang?"
"…It got stolen by a talking raccoon riding a purple wagon filled with trash." Yang grumbled.
"You must be joking!" Weiss chuckles but Yang's blank stare made her reconsider. "... You're
not joking."
"We fell from the sky, met a talking mouse and rabbit and even a real-life Demon, and I was
just attacked by some monstrous creature that clearly wasn't a Grimm. I can safely say that I
am dead serious here, Weiss." Yang deadpans.
"That raccoon you mentioned sounds like the Jinxy Peddler, Lady Yang. He's the only talking
raccoon I know of in the Ever After, and he is known for finding and auctioning items in a
purple wagon." Peter reveals which Blake's ears perk up.
"Jinxy Peddler? The Ever After?! Guys, I think this is the same Ever After from [The Girl
who fell from the World]." Blake realizes and Weiss scoffs.
"What we're experiencing is already highly improbable, but an actual fairy tale world? That's
ridiculous, Blake." Weiss said.
"Think about it, Weiss. In the story, Alyx fell from the sky, met some hunter mice, got
trapped in vines, fought a Jabberwalker which I'm guessing was that creature that attacked
Yang, and got her knife stolen by a talking raccoon called the Jinxy Peddler." Blake counters
as she recounts the story.
Weiss looked exasperated but ultimately didn't argue, grudgingly conceding to Blake's
argument.
"And then she beat the Red King in a board game, met the Curious Cat and the Rusted
Knight, and then finally got out through…the Tree." Yang recounts in realization.
"It sounds like the four of you are on a journey." Peter Rabbit says in realization, before
looking at me. "Sir Asmodeus, if they join us, then we will be fulfilling the first part of the
Elder's prophecy!"
Ruby looks at me. "Prophecy? What is he talking about?"
I opened my mouth but I was reluctant to say anything. That is until the rabbit jumps in.
"The prophecy of the Elder White Rabbit states that when entropy plagues the Ever After, a
God will descend, and with his five disciples, journey to the Tree and save our world!" Peter
explains.
"Save… the world?" Ruby slowly said not understanding what's happening at all.
"Care to elaborate?" Yang narrows her eyes at me.
"It went something like this." I went and told them the Elder's prophecy in detail.

"So you believe that we're these disciples some old rabbit talked about?" A skeptical Yang
asks only to be met with Peter's glare.
"Do not disrespect the Elder's oracle. He recently Ascended." Peter Rabbit hissed but a hand
pats his head.
"It's okay, Peter." I said before turning to Yang. "I don't know Yang, but I ran into you as soon
as I left the village and then your friends appeared soon after. And with how wacky this place
is, it can't be passed off as simple coincidence."
"Okay, but who is this 'God of Six Races' that we're supposed to follow?" Blake asks.
"I don't know." I lied again.
"What did he mean by Ascend?" Weiss asks.
"Do you not know what [Ascension] is, Lady Weiss?" Peter asks in confusion.
"If I knew, I wouldn't have asked." Weiss retorts.
"Reaching the end of your journey in life." I answered, but the meaning wasn't lost to them.
"You mean… he died?" Ruby paled.
"No, I don't think so." I quickly denied. "From how the Elder described it, [Ascension] is a
cycle of rebirth. Once their job is complete, they just… get sucked into the earth, and become
something new."
"What?" Team RWBY said in unison at the last part.
"Hey, I'm just as confused as you all are. Never been in the Ever After before, so I have no
idea how the laws of nature work here." I shrug.
"You are all so weird, considering you don't know what [Ascension] of all things is." Peter
notes, before looking at me. "Shall we head forth, Sir Asmodeus? You're supposed to lead us
as your disciples in your quest to save the world, after all."
"Wait, lead?" Ruby tilted her head hearing that last part of what the rabbit said.
[Busted!]
"Wait, wait, wait! Is he saying you're this 'God of Six Races' thing?" Weiss skeptically
questions.
"He did call himself a chimera earlier." Blake notes as she places the pieces together.
"I wouldn't call myself a God, though. I'm not that arrogant." I point out.
Ruby scowls at me. "If you knew the prophecy was talking about you, why did you lie about
it?"

I glanced at the angry reaper and decided to be honest here. "I was afraid you'd think I was
using you. I mean, my appearance doesn't scream godly and we've only known each other for
less than an hour. Plus, even though I'm a chimera and normally pretty powerful, I'm not
going to constrict you into a role you likely want no part of."
"That still doesn't give you the right to deceive us." Ruby shoots back.
"Like how you suddenly got hostile when I revealed I can use magic? AFTER I saved your
sister's life and healed you all with said magic?" I fired back, which made her and the others
feel guilty at that fact, but I shook it off.
"Putting that aside, we should get moving in case that Jabberwalker comes back, and you
guys seem lost in more ways than one. We can start by tracking down the Jinxy Peddler and
getting Yang's arm back." I look down at my rabbit companion. "Peter, do you know where
we can find him?"
"Hm, he's likely in the closest town to auction his items. Follow me." Peter hops off and I
follow.
Ruby glances at her team. "We should go before we lose him, he's the only one we know who
knows his way around the Ever After."
As we follow Peter, we walk up to the cliff and we see beautiful landscapes. With each one
divided into several hexagon-like areas with environments unique to them. One seems to be a
land full of candy, one is entirely composed of red leaves with a red castle in the center, one
is a forest with giant mushrooms, one is a field seemingly made of origami, one has active
volcanoes and so on. And at the very center of it all is a giant tree with beautiful fluorescent
leaves that give off a vibrant glow that reaches to all in the Ever After.
"We really are in a fairy tale…" Weiss says, marveling at the bizarre sight before us.
"Um, guys?" Yang points to the sky and we all look up.
What greets us up there is a giant crack of light just above the tree seemingly overlooking the
land below.
[It can't be…]
"Is that a crack in the sky?" Weiss asks in bafflement.
"... It's not just a crack. It's worse." I suddenly said.
"What do you mean?" Blake asks, but instead of answering, I proceed to walk away.
"How is this possible? I made sure that the implosion was minimized." I whisper to myself as
I try to figure out an answer.
[The Genesis Wave is able to rewrite the multiverse. An incomplete version of that can
still cause some serious damage. Thanks to Mira though, the damage was reversed. But
nothing is ever truly fully healed. There will always be a scar left behind]

"You're muttering a lot over there. Care to share it with the class?" Yang asks.
I point to the crack. "That up there… is a rupture in space/time. It's the result of two parts of
space and time that should never have touched, pressed together." I said.
"What does that mean?" Ruby asks.
"It means that reality is unwinding on us." I turn to them. "That is a prime example of what
happens when you tamper with space/time carelessly. If we don't close it off, it could have
catastrophic consequences; transport you to another dimension or simply erase them from
existence."
"E-Erase!?" Little squeaked.
"The Jabberwalker, it was different from the book. Those crystals seemed to be hurting him."
Blake said, remembering the pained state the monster was in as crystals grew from its back.
"The crack… it must lead to the moment the Genesis Wave first went off. It'll saturate this
world with [Negative Chaos Energy] until everything is twisted… or destroys itself." I
surmised whisper under my breath. "... It's my fault."
Ruby looks at me, having heard what he said. She wants to say something but doesn't know
what… or if she even has the right.
"Um, Asmodeus?" I whip my head to Blake's direction. "Can I ask you something?"
"Sure."
"Are you the God of Animals, by any chance?" Blake asks, which confuses me.
"The what?"
"Who's the God of Animals?" Yang asks her partner.
"The God of Animals is a shapeshifting Faunus Deity featured in the myths told to us on
Menagerie who supposedly played a role in the creation of Remnant." Blake explains.
"Considering Asmodeus is the apparent 'God of Six Races' who has a monkey tail like certain
Faunus and we know the Brother Gods, the 4 Maidens, and now even the Ever After are real,
I'm curious."
"That's an interesting claim there Blake, but no, I am not the God of Animals, not really sure
if the Deity from where you come from is even real." I answered. "If you must know, I am
connected with the race of Human, Demon, Angel, Dragon, Saiyan and Void. The tail I have
is connected to the Saiyan race." My tail wiggles at her. "But personally, I think Humans and
Faunus are under the same category, if you ask me."
"Wait a minute. Angels and Dragons are actually REAL?!" Weiss exclaims in surprise, to
which I nod in confirmation.
"Void is a race? How does that work?" Yang asks.

"It's complicated." I said.
"How can you be both an Angel and a Demon? That doesn't seem possible." Blake said.
"There is a race called Nephalem who are the children of both Angels and Demons. So it's
possible." I explained.
"What exactly is a Saiyan?" Weiss asks in bafflement.
"One of the greatest warrior races to ever exist, unparalleled due to their adaptive capabilities
and their ability to grow stronger through adversity or intense emotions. They're nearidentical to humans in appearance outside of having a monkey-like tail, which is likely why
Blake thought I was a Faunus." I told her.
"Oh." Yang makes an O face.
"They're also known to be attracted to strong women." I said with a wink which made Yang
blush.
Blake growls and quickly gets between Yang and myself, causing me to chuckle at the sight.
I turn to Peter. "Can you continue taking us to where the Jinxy Peddler might be?"
"This way." The rabbit guides the group down the cliff.
"How much farther until we reach the Jinxy Peddler?"
"Not far, the town he is likely in is just across the bridge we are approaching." Peter gestures
to the bridge across the canyon in our path. "Anyways, are you planning your lessons to teach
us while we travel, Sir Asmodeus?"
"Lessons?" Yang asks in confusion.
"Why yes, Lady Yang. According to the Elder's prophecy, the 5 of us are supposed to be Sir
Asmodeus' disciples as we travel to save the world. Disciples are students, meaning he is
meant to guide us in the pursuit of knowledge, wisdom, and experience." Peter Rabbit says
while looking at me with hope, causing Team RWBY to stare at me.
"I'm not really that much of a teacher." I shrug. "While I do have a student back home, I don't
exactly have the temperament for it. I'm more of a hands-on kind of guy." I said. "Plus I get
the feeling that whatever I'm supposed to teach you all isn't something that you will
understand at first glance."
"What does that mean?" Weiss asks.
"I don't know. I guess we'll just have to wait and find out." I replied.
"I don't like this…" Weiss whispers looking slightly down.

"Don't worry Weiss, we'll find a way out of here and then we'll go back home." Ruby assures
her.
But then Weiss stops as everyone continues walking.
Weiss…" She calls her partner.
"I… it's all gone. There's nothing for me to go back to, Ruby." Weiss grits her teeth, the
frustration and grief she's been piling up is finally spilling. "Just like Beacon."
Ruby looks down, her bangs covering the left side of her face but tries to look optimistic.
"You did the best you could for Atlas, Weiss." Ruby tried to comfort her but it seemed to
have the opposite reaction.
"But it wasn't enough. We hatched a crazy plan that put the kingdom, no, the whole world at
risk." She shakenly grabs her weapon handle. "We don't even know if we saved the Relics
from…"
Ruby then looks at her hands.
"Maybe Jaune and Winter were able to get them out. Despite… everything…. despite us..."
Tears begin to trail down her face. "A-And Penny… P-Penny wouldn't have-!"
"W-What happened to Penny?" Ruby asks, but Weiss keeps crying.
Yang and Blake turn back just as it spontaneously starts to rain.
"She died, didn't she?" Ruby whips her neck in my direction and sends me a glare.
"Shut up." Ruby hissed before turning back to Weiss. "That's not true, right Weiss!? Penny's
not dead!"
"I-I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" Weiss sobs which only confirms her fears.
"No…" Ruby staggers back, her face pale. She turns to Yang and Blake who had just heard
everything.
"Ruby?" I call out before we all watch her suddenly collapse.
"RUBY!?" Yang quickly rushes to her sister's side.
We huddle around Ruby, Peter and Little use leaves and grass to fan her.
"This Penny… she was dear to Ruby, wasn't she." I said, it wasn't a question but a fact.
"She was Ruby's best friend." Weiss said.
"Who was also a robot." Yang adds.
"Former robot." Blake corrected her.

I arch an eyebrow. "Wait, she was a robot?"
"I know. We were surprised too when we found out." Yang lightly chuckles.
"But she didn't remain a robot forever. The staff we mentioned before was used to turn her
into a real, living being. Not that Penny wasn't already alive in a way, since she had a soul."
Blake said.
"She always had a quirky and bubbly personality that we didn't always understand, but we
later realized it was due to her innate desire to be more human and understand the world."
Weiss sadly adds, looking grief-stricken.
"She might have been an oddball, but she was definitely one of the best of us and one of the
few good maidens we ever met. And she had a whole future ahead of her that would give her
a true appreciation for life. Now…it's gone." Yang solemnly states.
I stare at the four, not saying anything. I thought talking about Penny would help alleviate
some of the grief, but it just feels like I'm rubbing salt on a stab wound.
"I'm sorry." I said sincerely. It didn't mean much, but there wasn't much I could do.
"It's okay. You didn't know." Blake assured me which made me twitch a bit.
'But I do. I know so much.' Was what I wanted to tell her, but I held back. "Look, I may not
have known Penny like you girls, but from the sounds of it, she was someone who saw the
best in everything and wanted to do everything she could to help others even while knowing
the risks, and gave her life so her friends and innocent people could live. You may not have
been able to stop it, but you can make sure her sacrifice wasn't in vain by keeping moving
forward and stopping that Salem bitch for good. That's how you honor her memory."
"…Thanks, Asmodeus. You're right. It's just that it hurts so much." Weiss cried, tears
streaming down her face.
"I know, it's normal to feel this kind of pain when grieving those you care about. But it shows
how much you valued and cared for her, for what is grief but an expression of enduring
love?" I consoled her as I pulled her into a comforting hug, much to her surprise. "But if she
was truly as positive and upbeat as you girls were implying, would she want you all to blame
yourselves for her choice and sacrifice? It would probably break her heart if she knew how
much pain that this is causing you all. I'm not telling you not to feel pain or to ignore and
repress it, but use the pain to become stronger to motivate yourselves and try to avert other
sacrifices and to keep going with the hope of a better future. A hope Penny believed in to the
very end."
Weiss silently absorbed my words as she reciprocated my hug, her sobs dying down while
Yang and Blake watched the scene as they quietly processed their own grief but felt better by
listening to me.
[Really wish Ruby was awake to hear you say all of that. She definitely could have used
that consolation the most]

'I know, but we have time before they eventually get back to Remnant. I'll help Team RWBY
and likely Jaune overcome their issues before then.' I thought with a steely resolve.
After a while, Weiss calms down and wipes the tears from her face.
"I just thought of something." The girls turn to me. "If you four fell off the bridge, who's to
say that there wasn't another?"
The three seem to be caught off guard by the question but before they can answer a familiar
voice chimes in.
"Neo's here, too." The four turn to see Ruby slowly get up.
"Rubes, are you okay? You made us really worried there." Yang says while kneeling next to
her and helping her sister up.
"Neo?" Blake asks.
"She attacked me when we were falling." Ruby elaborates.
"Right. And Neo is…?"
"She's this crazy mute girl with multicolored hair and eyes. She used to work with this thief
named Roman Torchwick before turning up again as Cinder's lackey." Yang states.
"She has a Semblance that allows her to not just change her appearance but create physical
illusions she often uses to deceive or torment us, fortunately they are very weak and shatter
like glass." Weiss adds.
"So, we have a mute assassin who can disguise herself as anything after us, a Chaos-mutated
monster, and the threat of reality self-destructing. Sure, no pressure." I said sarcastically.
"I'm sorry, did you say that this Neo individual can create illusions that shatter like glass?"
Peter says, drawing all of our attention. Upon receiving nods of confirmation from Team
RWBY, Peter then turns towards me. "Sir Asmodeus, it's just like the elder foretold in his
prophecy! This Neo person must be a reference to the 'twisted reflections of the shattered
mirror' he mentioned!"
"You're just joking, right? I don't wanna be near that little psychopath if I can help it." Weiss
groaned.
"Not that there's much of a choice since she'll likely come to us." Blake said.
Yang helps her sister get on her feet. "You sure you'll be okay, Rubes?"
"Yeah…I can manage." Ruby assures her, though she still appears saddened.
"Then let's go." I say as we continue to follow Peter in locating the Jinxy Peddler.

"I'm really sorry you had to hear the news like that, Ruby. It just felt like… like I failed to
protect my home twice." Weiss apologizes to Ruby, who remains despondent.
"It's… okay, Weiss." Ruby said.
"... Did you fail?" The two girls turned their attention to me as did Yang, Blake, and Peter,
who watched the scene from the side. "Did you fail in saving Atlas?"
"The Kingdom was destroyed, so the answer is obvious." Weiss snapped.
"But are the people okay?" I persisted.
"…Assuming Jaune and Winter succeeded, yes." Weiss admitted.
"Then focus on that. A Kingdom isn't a place, it's a people, who should always be the top
priority." I say, paraphrasing a quote from Odin in the Thor movies, since it fit here.
[Nicely done!]
Weiss looks down contemplating his words. 'A kingdom isn't a place, it's a people.' She can
safely say that she never thought of it like that. 'General Ironwood wanted to save Atlas too,
but he wanted to save the kingdom. He prioritized the safety of the city itself over its
people…'
"Buildings can be rebuilt over time, but lives are priceless and irreplaceable, even if the
hardest job of being a leader or protecter means making tough decisions or accepting you
ultimately can't save everyone." I followed up, knowing this was something they NEEDED to
hear after the shit they've been through. "Everyone messes up or makes mistakes or even fails
from time to time, but what is important is accepting responsibility for it and to learn from it
so it hopefully won't happen again. And being a protector isn't easy, but you do your best and
help as much as you can, that's all anyone can truly ask for."
The two girls look at me just as the rain starts to light up and the sky clears.
"I think I can see why Peter said we were supposed to be your disciples. You're wiser than
you let on." A light smile adores Weiss' graceful features. "Thank you."
"…Yeah, thanks Asmodeus." Ruby says, looking somewhat better than before.
"No problem, always willing to lend an ear or a shoulder to lean on. Just let me know if you
need any help or advice." I say with a smile.
"The Elder was right about you, Sir Asmodeus! You truly do have much to teach us!" Peter's
voice draws our attention, leading us to see not only him but also Blake and Yang watching
from the side in amazement.
"Weiss is right. You are wiser than you let on, and I can see why you're supposed to teach
us." Yang says with a warm smile, glad to see their new friend helping her sister upon
realizing Ruby was upset.

"I…hope you don't mind extending that offer to us, Asmodeus." Blake shyly asks with a
small blush on her face.
"Of course, I'm always willing to help. Just let me know and I'll do my best." I smiled.
"Oh, oh!" Little eagerly raises his tiny paw. "Do you have any advice for me?! I've been
trying to find my purpose, but I still can't find it!"
"Try? Here's some advice, Little: Do or do not. There is no try." I say in a sagely voice,
drawing awe from the mouse in question and from Peter, but confusion from Team RWBY.
[Did you seriously quote Yoda? And to a mouse of all creatures?]
'Hey, pop culture offers all kinds of insights, wisdom, and perspectives. Besides, quoting
franchises like Star Wars and Doctor Who is my favorite pastime.' I replied.
"Uh, no offense, Asmodeus, but what does that even mean?" Yang asks, with the rest of her
team also looking at me in curiosity.
"It means that if you're gonna do something, you need to do it with resolve and commitment.
It's normal to have concerns or doubts since it shows you are aware of potential
consequences, but hesitation or half-hearted attempts are not productive for matters of great
or personal importance, and one should either fully engage in a task or not do it at all." I
reveal. "Those that go farthest in life have and often need conviction, regardless of whether
they succeed or fail. If you let fear and doubt dictate your actions, it can keep you from being
who you want or need to be, along with what you wish to accomplish. The only real power
fear and doubt have over you is what you give it, but by acknowledging them, it's the first
step to overcoming them."
Team RWBY, along with Peter and Little, look in awe and amazement.
[Wow, and here I was thinking you were just fucking around by quoting Yoda. You
really are living up to your teacher role]
'I want Team RWBY to overcome their trauma. I don't need to have an otherworldly ability to
see that they're beating themselves over for not saving Atlas. And even though I can't use [All
of the World's Evil] right now, I can still sense the negative energy coming off the girls.' I can
practically see the dark auras enveloping team RWBY, with Ruby's being more profound and
darker. 'I have to help them, even if they may end up hating me in the end.'
Afterwards, we continue our journey and eventually reach a rickety-looking bridge.
"The King's Acre is on the other side of this bridge. There's a town where the Jinxy Peddler
sells his goods." Peter said.
Little rushes to the bridge with wonder in his eyes. "Wow! I've never been to another acre
before! This is so exciting!"
"Wait, you mean you don't know?" Yang asks.

"Nope! Never been this far before." Little said.
"It is the same for me." Peter Rabbit adds.
"Oh, uh, maybe you should go back?" Ruby suggests.
Little's smile didn't falter. "I wouldn't have any idea how to go back." He starts looking
around. "Maybe I'll live by this bridge."
Upon hearing this, team RWBY have various shocked expressions for taking Little far away
from their home.
I glance at Peter. "You seem to know a lot of the land's layout."
"The Elder… he taught me everything he knew about the Ever After. He said… this
knowledge would be useful one day…" He said.
"It seems he knew this would happen." I comment.
Peter nods. "Yes."
I walk up to Little as he builds a makeshift house from the stones, sticks, and leaves lying
around.
"Building a house, my very first house, gonna find my purpose in my first house!" Little says
in a sing-song voice.
I kneel in front of the little mouse. "Little?"
"Hm?"
"Do you want to come with us?" I ask.
The question catches the mouse off guard, causing the house to instantly collapse.
"Yeah, that's probably for the best." Little said.
We follow Peter across the bridge and enter the red forest.
"Listen guys." Blake says to the rest of her team and myself. "I've been thinking that if we're
gonna go to this town, we need to be careful. In the story, Alyx didn't know their customs and
ended up starting a war among the townsfolk. Trouble followed her everywhere she went."
"Really?" Ruby asks. She doesn't remember much from the story, but it seemed pretty nice.
"Now that you mention it, she did seem like a mean person, right? She lied and cheated her
way through most of the book." Yang replied.
"She was just a little girl trying to survive. The morals of those old stories are so simplistic."
Weiss retorts.

"Either way, we should tread lightly." Blake cautions.
"Appearances can be deceiving, Blake. You really shouldn't blindly follow a children's book
like a perfect guide." I said. "The author could have omitted certain events or neglected to
mention something bad on their journey here." I give her a foreboding smile. "After all,
nobody dies in a fairy tale."
Blake felt a chill running down her spine at his insinuation.
Eventually we reach a town full of what appear to be various toys.
[It's like Toy Story meets Alice in Wonderland]
As we walk past the townsfolk, I notice a pamphlet glued to the wall.
"BY ROYAL DECREE OF HIS HIGHNESS: THE PREEMINENT BIRTHDAY
PARTY OF HIS MOST ROYAL IS HEREBY ANNOUNCED!"
I look around and see the same pamphlet is placed on parts of the street.
I saw Team RWBY and Peter walking by various vendors and stalls in the marketplace.
"Just... act like you belong, everybody." Blake said.
"I've always wanted to be long, but I'm still just small." Little comments.
Yang smiles a bit at Little's comment.
In the center of town, the townsfolk gather around the purple wagon. The name "JINXY" can
be seen on it in big white letters.
Yang gasps. "There it is! So what's the strategy? Just start roughin' him up or what?"
Blake notices some toy soldiers watching the crowd, likely to keep order.
"In the book, Alyx had to barter with Jinxy for her dagger." Blake recounted but Yang wasn't
having it.
"Nah. I'd rather hit him."
The wagon is shown opening up with purple smoke and in front of it is a walking light brown
raccoon. They hold a wooden cane and wear a beige robe. They also have purple harem pants
on.
"Welcome, one and all!" Jinxy greets his customers/audience.
Weiss coos at the sight. "He's adorable!" She then looks at Yang with a shit-eating grin. "You
got your arm stolen by him?"
"Shut up." Yang growled.

"He's a lot older than I remember from the book…" Blake comments, noticing the crow's feet
around the racoon's eyes.
"After the talking rabbit and mouse, a talking raccoon doesn't even phase me." I remarked.
"I am Jinxy, and these... are the finest treasures of the acre!" Jinxy taps the shelf behind him
with his walking stick, a golden scepter appears first, then a pink rabbit statue, and a green
marionette-like doll shows up last.
"I... don't see my arm." Yang said.
"All of Jinxy's treasures... are just other items in disguise, so that people think they're buying
something extremely valuable." Blake states.
"Okay… so which one is Yang's arm?" Weiss asks.
"What does your heart tell you? That's how Alyx knew." Blake asks Yang as she holds up her
chest, causing Weiss to gag.
"What about that?" I point to the golden scepter.
"I mean…" Yang looks at the scepter. "That one looks roughly arm-sized... ish."
Blake sighs before noticing Ruby stare at something.
"Ruby?" Blake looks at her leader.
"Rubes, what's wrong?" Yang asks her sister in concern.
"There's…" She stares at the marionette. "Something about that one."
Jinxy spins around the stage, showing off the pink rabbit statue in his hand.
"First item!" Jinxy began as the crowd was in awe. "The diamond-studded rabbit! You!" He
points to a yellow toy-like townsperson before appearing on their shoulder. "Jinxy's!"
[He certainly knows how to put on a show]
The townsperson chuckles and joins Jinxy on stage.
"How exactly are we going to bid without any money, Blake?" Weiss said.
"Pretty sure they don't use money in the Ever After. Jinxy just names whatever price he
wants." Blake informs them.
"What did Jinxy want from Alyx?" Weiss inquires.
"Her saddest memory, and her happiest." Blake answers.
"In all honesty, it doesn't feel right having to barter with a thief just to reclaim something that
already belongs to Yang, but if we wanna avoid drawing unnecessary trouble, we should play

along for now." I inform them, before pulling the [Skywalker Lightsaber] from
my [Inventory] and looking at Yang. "Though if he tries to pull a fast one on us, I'll use this
to 'convince' him."
Ruby looks in confusion. "Where did that come from? I've never seen a weapon like that
before, and I'm kind of a weapon expert."
"Something special, trust me." I smirked mysteriously.
"Sold! For a hug." Jinxy hugs the townsperson, causing the rest to coo at the cute scene.
"Hugs are valuable!" Little exclaims.
"Very! Hugs are what symbolise connection." Peter added.
Yang smirks confidently. "Maybe this won't be so bad after all."
"Second item! A golden scepter! You!" Jinxy points to a Toy Soldier… and me?
"Eh?"
[I guess Jinxy saw something valuable in you]
"The bidding starts at-" Jinxy glances at me and for a brief second, he smiles at me.
[What is he-]
"Revealing… your innermost secret." Jinxy finished.
"!" My eyes widened.
"Well?" Jinxy asks and the townsfolk all turn to me.
I look at Team RWBY and they all look at me. "I-I…"
"Revealing your innermost secret! By royal decree." My head snaps towards the Toy Soldier
as he pulls out a parchment to show Jinxy.
BY HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS'S DECREE, TO BE PAID IS THE SUM…
WHATEVER JINXY WANTS!"
"Sold!" Jinxy declares.
"What!?" Yang screamed.
[That's so cheap!]
"You mean I could have just gone with that instead?!" I shouted in disbelief, realizing that I
was pretty much tricked. Instead of revealing one of my innermost secrets, I could have

offered something else of equal or less value if that Toy Soldier was willing to offer anything
for Jinxy to get.
"But that's my arm!"
"Whatever it is, it's royal property now. No price is too high for his majesty's birthday." The
Toy Soldier says.
"Last item! The jade marionette!" He gestures to the doll.
"Unbelievable…" I shook my head, not liking how this was going, as well as how that
peddler tricked me so easily like that.
"We tried your way, Blake." Yang huffed.
Blake looks on nervously.
"You!"
Ruby raises her hand. "Me?"
"Bidding starts at…" He opens an empty jar. "... enough hope to fill this jar."
Ruby gasps upon hearing this, and she hesitantly lowers her hand.
I widened my eyes at seeing how Ruby reacted, and then I turned and narrowed my eyes
towards the raccoon. 'That little rodent knows Ruby is not in her best condition!'
[It seems the Jinxy Peddler is more than he appears.]
"Hm, you don't have enough, do ya?" Jinxy comments.
Before I could give that con of a rodent a piece of my mind something unexpected stopped
me from doing so.
*Roar!*
A loud roar grabs everyone's attention and they all turn to see a toy townsperson running
towards them.
"Help. HELP!" The townsperson screams before a giant foot crushes them.
Shadows loom over the town as the creature makes itself known.
It was a giant! Like at least 25-30 feet tall, dressed akin to a caveman with ripped clothing
kinda like a loincloth, giant feet, extremely robust yet wrinkly and ugly as hell, bad teeth and
not much hair on the head. What immediately caught my attention however, are the crystals
that are currently protruding the creature's shoulders, back, and biceps. The same kind that
were on the Jabberwalker.
Chaos Troll

Level: 273
HP: 301,563
MP: 100,211
SP: 207,342
Thoughts about you: FOOD
"Seriously? First that corrupted Jabberwalker and now a freakin' TROLL!?" I exclaim.
"What the fuck is that!? That wasn't in the book!" Yang's scream brings me back to reality.
I turn to the Huntresses and the rabbit. "You need to evacuate! Get the townspeople and lead
them into the forest!"
Ruby flinched. "E-Evacuate…?"
"But we can't just leave you here! We can help too! We're huntresses!" Weiss argued.
"With all due respect, Weiss, that thing is too powerful for you four combined even if you
were all fully armed, and this thing is empowered by something that can bypass
your [Aura] and potentially poison you." I inform them, before smirking at them. "Besides, if
you thought my fight with the Jabberwalker was amazing, trust me when I say it wasn't even
a warm-up, and chances are this won't be one either."
Before any of them can argue further, I ignite the [Skywalker Lightsaber] and a blue beam
of light comes forth, drawing looks and sounds of awe from not only Team RWBY and Peter,
but all of the townsfolk. Makes sense, considering they've never seen anything even close to
a lightsaber before.
"This is no time for arguing, Weiss. Remember, as protectors, your primary duty is to the
people and trying to help them, not simply fighting. Now go!" I reiterated, causing Team
RWBY to reluctantly nod and start evacuating everyone.
"R-Right! Let's go guys!" Weiss and Blake quickly guide the townsfolk away.
"Let's do this!" I charge towards the giant monster.
Meanwhile, Jinxy stands in his stage watching events unfolding with a small smile on his
face.
Unbeknownst to Jinxy, Little sneaks up on stage next to the marionette. Jinxy hears
something move next to him, noticing the marionette gone from its place. He then notices
Little trying to drag it off the stage.
"Huh?" Little looks to see an angry Jinxy glaring at him.

"Why you little…!" Jinxy lunges forward, and Little runs out of the way. "Leave that alone!
You can't touch it until the deal is done!"
Suddenly, the marionette disappears in a puff of purple smoke, and it turns into one of
Penny's Maiden-powered Floating Array swords.
Ruby gasps in shock.
"Stop! Stop! There has been no Royal Decree for-" But the soldier didn't finish as a toy
person steps on his foot. "Ow!"
The soldier holding the scepter screams in horror as it turns into Yang's arm and he tosses the
arm away.
"My arm!" Yang runs towards the prosthetic and grabs it only for another Toy Soldier to grab
the other end. The two do a tug of war for the prosthetic arm, with Yang dodging out of the
way of the soldier's sword swing, followed by Yang shooting them away with the gauntlet
just as she sees Ruby running past her with Little in one hand and a green crystal sword in the
other.
"Fair is fair!" Little yells.
"Quickly! This way!" Peter Rabbit shouts as he points to the exit.
"I got it!" Yang proudly exclaims while carrying her prosthetic arm like a trophy as she runs
off.
I look back to see Weiss and Blake guiding everyone out and turn my attention back to the
troll.
"Now that the bystanders are gone, I can finally cut loose a little. And while the [Chaos
Energy] inside you likely makes you a persistent wild card, that won't be enough to stop me
from kicking your ass." I excitedly exclaim, my Saiyan instincts responding to the thrill of
battle but kept in check by [Gamer's Mind, before a more sympathetic expression appears
on my face. "But for what it's worth, assuming you were a regular Afteran before this, I'll try
to make this as quick and painless as possible for a more pleasant [Ascension]. You didn't ask
for this, but it's the only way to free you from your condition while protecting others."
I then charge forward while channeling whatever [Aura] and [Chaos Energy] I can muster
into the [Skywalker Lightsaber].
The Chaos Troll roars as it pulls its left arm back to strike me, but I evade it without issue and
cut off the arm above the elbow, causing the Chaos Troll to screech in pain at the loss of limb
and cauterized wound.
"Best part of using a lightsaber against individuals with healing abilities? The cauterized
wounds are harder to heal, especially when enhanced with [Chaos Energy] to counter the
darker or negative variants." I mocked, causing the Chaos Troll to growl angrily.
[It seems this troll is somewhat intelligent. Best keep your guard up]

The troll throws its large arm forward but I dodge it, however I barely manage to block the
kick that sends me spiraling straight to a building.
'No damage notification. I guess I really am on my own.' I pull myself out of the building and
land back on the pavement as I watch the troll hold a nearby building and rip it out of the
ground before throwing it straight at me.
"Hm!" I grab the handle with both hands and raise it above my head before bringing it down,
slicing the building in two before it could reach me.
"!?" The Chaos Troll steps back in horror.
"Well that was disappointing. At least I know I still pack a punch." I smirked.
[It's still too early to call it a victory. Be ready for anything]
The troll grunts as the crystals on its shoulders start to grow in length. Power starts to gather
in the crystals and converges in between the crystals before it fires an energy beam.
"!" I dodge the beam and it hits the building behind me, leaving only a smothering crater in
its place.
"That was too close." I remark before turning back to the monster. 'I should avoid enticing
fate. With the system on the fritz, I'm not as strong as I used to be. I need to be more careful.'
The troll fires more beams at me which I dodge but they're only leading me further back.
'Damn. This thing's trying to drive me back into the entrance!' I stare at the abominable
monster. 'This would be easy if I had access to my strongest skills. I gotta figure something
out, and fast!'
The troll roars as it raises its arms to the sky and energy balls of various colors appear, each
of them brimming with high concentrations of [Chaos Energy].
"Bastard. Is it trying to destroy half the acre!?" I yelled.
The sphere all shoots forward heading straight towards the forest.
"[Susanoo!]" Black flames erupt as the skeletal torso of my avatar manifests.
It sprouts six arms and grabs six of the orbs before throwing them at the others.
*BOOM!*
The resulting collisions cause an explosion that covers the town in a dense layer of smoke
and rubble.
The troll glares at the smokescreen before its eyes widen as something shoots out.
*Squelch!*

I stab the lightsaber right between its eyes before slicing off the top of its head.
I jump off just the troll's body into the street with a loud thud, creating a cloud of dirt in the
process.
"And that's that." I put away my lightsaber before I noticed something. "Hm?"
The troll's body starts to pulsate as the crystals on its body begin to glow brighter.
[The Chaos Energy is becoming unstable! You gotta do something fast!]
I run towards the body and place my hands on it. I immediately use [Nemesis] to encase the
corpse in a bubble of super dense [Dark Matter].
*Boom!*
The bubble expands as an explosion erupts before it deflates. Dissolving it reveals a scorched
earth along with ashes.
I sigh before the sounds of moving stones grab my attention. I look back to find nothing until
I spot a raccoon's tail quickly scurrying away.
"Follow him." My shadow begins to twist and shiver. "And when you have the chance,
interrogate him."
Something quickly jumps out of my shadow and it quickly gives chase.
"No EXP, and I don't feel my [Aura] regenerating. I guess the system really is fucked up." I
mutter. "I should go check on the girls. I hope they're safe."
I ran towards the town entrance.
The girls and Peter all run into the red forest along with the townspeople as explosions are
heard behind them.
"What was that!?" Weiss exclaimed.
"Just keep running, Weiss!" Yang yelled.
Eventually they all came to a stop at a small clearing just near the rickety bridge.
"We should be safe here for now. Let us rest." Peter says between breaths.
Everyone tries catching their breath at a metaphorical marathon they had just run. Ruby takes
a seat on a nearby stump, her fingers tracing the sword's glass-like surface.
"Hehehe… these people… sure take auctions… very seriously." Yang comments between
breaths with a smile and holds up her prosthetic. "High five?"

Blake groans and walks past her.
"High five?"
Weiss scoffs and walks past her.
"High fiv-AH!" Yang yelps at my sudden appearance.
"Looks like you guys made it out safely." I give Yang her high five.
Blake scratches her head in frustration. "How did this happen!? Alyx never encountered trolls
in the story. This makes no sense!"
"Yeah." Yang reattaches her arm. "Did you see those crystals poking out of its body? It was
just like the Jabberwalker."
"It's a sign that it has been corrupted with [Chaos Energy]." The girls quickly turn their
attention to me.
"I never really asked, but what is [Chaos Energy] exactly?" Weiss asks as I sit next to Ruby.
"To put it in layman's terms, its thoughts turned into power. It is arguably the greatest and
potentially most dangerous source of power." I answered. "The villains from my universe
were using a negative variant of this to power themselves so that they could reshape the
multiverse as they saw fit with something called the Genesis Wave. And even though we
stopped their plan, I was still too late to stop the wave from expanding. The only thing we
could do was launch a positive wave that would collide with the negative and have the two
cancel out."
"But it didn't." Yang points out and I sigh.
"But it didn't, and now the Ever After has become like this." I said. "In its raw state, its
effects are unpredictable and are different from being to being like having a sonic attack or
firing laser beams." I turn to Peter.
"Entropy… Entropy will ravage the Ever After." Ruby mutters, recalling the first line of the
prophecy.
"B-But what will we do, sir Asmodeus? You'll save us and the world as the Elder foretold,
right?" Peter nervously asked, drawing the attention of not only himself and Team RWBY,
but even all the evacuated townsfolk, all of whom were looking at me with hope, desperation,
and anxiety.
As they all look at me, I can't help but feel ashamed. They are all relying on me to save them
and their world, but in my current state I'm not sure if that's possible. I really wanted to say "I
don't know" but I don't want to shatter their hope, the only thing that keeps them going.
'Is this how Ruby feels now? To be crushed under everyone's expectations?' I bite my lower
lip before the familiar calm of [Gamer's Mind] sets in. 'No, I can't let my weakened state
stop me from fixing this bullshit in the Ever After and helping Team RWBY survive and return

to Remnant. Tobi, not to sound like an asshole, but I need you to triple your efforts in fixing
the issues with the system.'
[Way ahead of you, but there's no telling how long until the issues are resolved and the
update is complete]
'Just keep me up to date on your progress.' I take a deep breath.
"If we're going through this then the five of you need to stay by my side at all times. If any of
you start to feel weird or any unusual changes in your body, I'll siphon out any [Chaos
Energy] in your bodies." After receiving nods of understanding from the five of them, I then
focus on the townsfolk with a small smile. "We'll help you guys find some shelter to be safe
in the meantime as we try to fix this mess."
This drew murmurs of relief from the townsfolk. Obviously, I couldn't drag all of these
townsfolk with us to the tree, but we could drop them off somewhere safe. Maybe those toy
soldiers can help, it is part of their job, right?
[Somehow I doubt that]
I glance at my neighbor who seems to be in her own little world, staring down at the familiar
blade resting on her legs.
'Penny.' I grimace at the memory of her death.
"... do you want to talk?" I ask but she doesn't even look at me.
"I couldn't explain it but…" She began. "I was drawn to it. And now I know why…it's
because of Penny."
I winced at that last part and looked away knowing full well the fate that has befallen on the
sweet innocent girl who risked it all to save the people of Atlas and Mantle. Weiss overheard
what her partner said and looked away in shame and sadness.
Thunder roars and the sky turns dark. It's raining again.
"Ugh. This weather is just dreadful." Peter complains as he takes refuge under a tree to stay
dry.
"Great, now it's raining on us. That's it! We're getting out of this nightmare! Alyx went to the
tree, right? Let's go." Weiss said, as she broke out her sorrows as she began to lash out. Her
patience is reaching its limit.
"It's not as simple as you think, Weiss. This isn't a book." I told her, as I snapped out of my
self doubt.
"You're right, it's not a book, given that we just ran from a TROLL of all things that were
NOT in the story! And even if we were, we know how it ends: right over there!" Weiss points
to a nearby tree.

She walks towards said tree and we all watch. We all looked to the opposite side of the
clearing to see Weiss was walking in a loop. Weiss gasps and decides to quicken her pace.
She goes in a loop one more time. Frustrated, she picks up a rock.
"Stupid tree!" Weiss throws the rock, but it just goes in a loop too and hits her head from
behind, knocking her to the ground. Some of the Afterians chuckled and laughed at the scene,
at least that eased them from their current situation for a bit.
[Heh, way to screw yourself Ice Queen]
Peter ponders on their next move while Weiss' talking nonsense in the background.
"Do you know whose it is?" I ask hoping to at least make her feel better by talking about
Penny. Ruby's head lowers further.
"It's from Penny, it's-" But Ruby was cut off by the sounds of familiar voices.
"This way! Somebody's sad!"
"I'd be sad too if I ruined the royal birthday!"
[Well, speak of the devil and they shall appear]
Weiss scoffs hearing them.
"They are certainly a tenacious bunch." Peter remarks.
"Blake." Blake turns to her leader. "What did Alyx do next?"
The rain stops and the clouds part.
'I know that look. She's formulating a plan' I thought.
"She…" Blake thinks for a moment. "She went to the Crimson Castle… and beat the Red
King in its own game."
Suddenly, the Toy Soldiers hop out of the bushes, riding on horse sticks.
"Hands up! You treasonous birthday ruiners!" The Toy Captain ordered.
I stand and glare at the Toy Soldiers. "Don't even think about it, especially since I just dealt
with the troll you all RAN from."
The Toy Soldiers reel back in fear.
"We can go to the birthday party." Ruby lifts her up and stands. "We can go to the birthday
party!"
"Well, too bad, because we're going to–" The Toy Captain stops mid sentence as he realizes
what this means. "Oh, yes... Ahem, that's where we're taking you! As prisoners! For
kidnapping and stealing royal property!"

"What if we offer you something better?" Ruby presents the green blade. "The blade of a
powerful warrior."
Team _WBY was shocked by the idea.
I arch an eyebrow.
The Toy Soldiers are in awe.
"Go on." The Toy Captain said.
"Not just a powerful warrior, the most powerful to ever live. She was touched by magic, and
she risked everything for thousands. She took a message of hope to the stars, and she saw the
world through better eyes. Take us to the royal birthday, and allow us to present this most
precious gift." Ruby explained.
[Quite the storyteller, isn't she]
"Ruby…" I whispered.
The Toy Soldiers are moved to tears, some reacting rather unorthodox and comically.
Toy Captain wipes his tears. "Yes… by Royal Decree!" He takes the sword. "Come on, men!
You heard them! We got a birthday to celebrate!"
The Toy Soldiers proceed to gallop on their horse sticks, saying "Hup, hup, hup" as they go.
"Ruby, are you sure about this?" Blake asks.
"If it means we can get out of here." Ruby said.
"But-"
"Look, we may not know exactly what's going on, but for whatever reason, this place is
putting us on a similar path as a book we all read as kids. I say we follow it." Ruby walks
forward. "And stop pretending we know what we're doing…"
"Ruby." I decided to step in. "If there's something bothering you, you can tell us. Holding it
in won't do you any good."
Ruby stops for a second before moving onwards.
Team _WBY exchange confused glances at each other, before joining their leader and
following the Toy Soldiers to their next destination.
I turn to the townspeople. "Come on. Hopefully the royal family can find you a new place to
live."
The townspeople all look at each other with uncertainty.

"It's okay." They turn to Peter. "Sir Asmodeus is a good person. You are all in safe hands with
us."
With that in mind, the townsfolk follow their unknown saviors as they walk down the path
that leads to what seems like a castle in the distance.
Meanwhile
The Jinxy Peddler is seen packing up his wagon, ready to leave the town and the acre for the
next one until a shadow looms over him.
"You seem to be in quite a hurry to leave, little guy." The raccoon quickly looks back to see a
clone of Asmodeus standing there.
"Well, it seems I have one loyal customer in this acre. Sadly I don't have anything for sale."
Jinxy said.
"I'm not here to buy anything, racoon. I just have a question for you." The clone told him.
"And that is?" He asks dismissively before getting grabbed by the collar and picked up to
meet my eye level.
"Why did you pick me?" I ask him. "I saw it in your eyes. You know me, Jinxy and don't
think I didn't notice the bidding you made with my friend back then. So start talking."
Jinxy chuckles. "Simple, it's a game like truth or dare. I dare my customers to give up their
innermost parts of themselves and give them one of my wares in return."
The clone narrows his eyes at the raccoon. "A game?"
"Yes. Until those girls ruined it. I suppose it is time for me to play a new game." Jinxy said.
"And what game is that?" The clone retorts but the raccoon smiles.
"Why, you of course." He smiles. "The girls you were with are interesting, but you are
different. You are human, yet not. A literal oxymoron!" He starts getting giddy with childlike excitement. "You have no idea how many YEARS I've waited for this moment! A new
player in the celestial board!"
"... what are you?" The clone slowly asks only to flinch at Jinxy's face-splitting smile.
"I was erased, forgotten. But now I am returning. And I want to play a game." The Peddler
and his wagon then disappear in purple smoke, leaving a confused and creeped out clone
behind.
'Looks like we figured out who the "God of Games" the Elder warned about, though I
definitely wasn't expecting it to be the talking raccoon of all things.' The clone thought before
a contemplative expression appeared on his face. 'The boss will want to know about this. The
way he spoke and what he said sounded… familiar.'

The clone's body then dissolves into a black smoke and heads towards the castle in the
distance.
Authors Notes
And that concludes the first chapter of the Ever After arc. Pretty interesting start, huh?
I know I said this was going to be a single chapter, but my ideas for this arc will obviously
make it longer.
As always, leave a comment. Good, bad, it doesn't matter.
Peace~

Chapter 35: Ever After: Break the Board
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
Earthland – Emerald Altar
The emeralds' light shine brightly with a multicolored hue, lighting up the otherwise dead
chamber. Wires dangle lifelessly from above and the ground is covered in a layer of warped
metal and other debris.
The perspective then switches to show a large tube being thrown out of a large hole on the
floor as Lamy climbs out wearing a blue mechanic coverall.
"I must say, this level of technology is far beyond anything I have ever seen. It is also as if it
he made the imaginary into reality." Sigma remarks as he watches Lamy work.
The doors open and a mountain of equipment walks in. "I brought the equipment you asked
for, senpai."
"Just set them to my right, 21." Lamy said.
21 quickly walks to Lamy's right and sets the equipment down. "I'm surprised none of this
was damaged during the crash."
"That's because everything here was created through Asmodeus-sama's power. Any object he
creates is far more durable than you'd find in the world." Lamy states with pride.
21 stares at the broken ceiling. "And yet, it still turned out like this."
"Everything has a limit. Even this place. Asmodeus-sama never designed the [Aincrad] to
take that kind of punishment. It's a miracle we even made it out in one piece." Lamy raises
her hand. "Pass me the thermal lance."

21 reaches into the mountain and pulls out what looks like a metal stick with a split end.
"Here you go, senpai." 21 gives the lance to Lamy as she jumps back into the hole.
"If I may Lamy, I would advice withholding engine repairs until we can restore the other sub
systems." Sigma suggested.
21 kneels next to the hole as sparks fly followed by a buzzing noise.
"Senpai, I think Sigma has a point. Maybe we should focus on repairing the main anti-gravity
drive." 21 pleads.
"Oh, I am certain. Besides, we need get the power back if we're to find Asmodeus-sama!"
Lamy proudly states.
"But still… don't you think you should have more hands on deck? With Urahara-san
occupied repairing Cerebro, it will take you much longer before we start seeing progress." 21
objects.
"... you may be right, but we don't have many options." Lamy admits before something
catches her attention.
"Warning. Negative feedback-"
*Boom!*
An explosion sends Lamy flying out of the hole and lands on the metal floor hard.
"Senpai!" 21 rushes to her chief and pulls her up. "Are you alright!?"
"That did look extremely painful." Sigma said.
"I'm fine." Lamy raises her arm to reveal a burned circuit board. "This was part of the
Tachyon Converter… now I need a new one."
"Are you sure you're okay?"
Lamy stands up. "Yes, of course I am. I'm tougher than I look." She looks at the circuit board
and sighs. "Now I have to look for a new one. I'll be right back."
21 watches her boss walk out before solemnly looking at the Master Emerald. "I hope you are
safe, Asmodeus-san. Wherever you are."
On the path to the Crimson Castle, a Toy Soldier, who is drumming, leads Team RWBY,
Peter, Asmodeus, and the townspeople who are followed by three more Toy Soldiers.
As we walk down the path, I notice the abundance of red crystals of various sizes sprouting
from the earth; every one of them emitting an unusual glow.

"Uh, should we be doing this?" An uncertain Yang asks.
"I don't think we have any other choice." Peter said.
"Well, the Red King helped Alyx." Ruby said.
"We aren't Alyx." Weiss points out.
"You're right, we're not. And if push comes to shove, we will fight our way out." I said,
before pulling out [Ace of Spades] from my [Inventory] and giving it to Ruby. "Take this,
Ruby. If a fight does break out, you'll need to be able to defend yourself, and if your
description of [Crescent Rose] is any indication, you clearly know your way with firearms."
"Thanks, but hopefully the Red King will help us and it won't come to that." Ruby says while
gratefully accepting the gun and attaching it to her belt, before a questioning expression
appears on her face. "How do you just make weapons appear out of thin air like that, out of
curiosity?"
"I have magic, Ruby. There is virtually nothing I can't do." I reminded her and the others with
a deadpan, magic being an easier explanation than explaining [The Gamer] system and perks
to her. "Or at least under normal circumstances anyway, this damn Tree is still interfering
with most of my best abilities." A hold up my hand as small, black sparks shoot out before
putting it down. "But luckily, pulling stuff out of my private storage dimension is still within
my power, and I have quite a bit of stuff from my journeys."
"A private storage dimension? I really wish magic wasn't limited to Salem or the Maidens,
because that alone would be useful for so much stuff." Weiss enviously remarks.
"Yeah, no kidding. We could hold all sorts of additional supplies or even the Relics without
issue if we had something like that." Yang comments.
"It definitely comes in handy for adventures and fights, I won't lie, and I have a feeling that
Troll won't be the only surprise we'll face here." I replied. 'Hey Tobi, any progress on fixing
the system? I'd rather not have to put up too much with the Red Prince's bratty antics or the
Curious Cat's manipulations, but they are likely impossible to fully avoid, so I wanna be
prepared for them or any other Chaos Monsters.'
[I'm afraid that's easier said than done. Most of your strongest perks and skills are still
currently locked away, unfortunately. But I was able to secure and stabilize all the core
perks of the Gamer System like {Gamer's Mind} and {Gamer's Body}, so I can fully
guarantee the core integrity of the System is at least fully intact, so fixing the rest of the
issues is only a matter of time. I have managed to fully unlock {Regenerator} and
{Charitable Patron}, and I'm nearly done unlocking a few more lesser perks, so you
should be able to tank most attacks for the time being]
'That's a good start, at least. It would be bad if I couldn't recover from any injuries or
exhaustion.' I thought in relief. 'It's a good thing you got [Charitable Patron] working again,
too. I may need to share some of my abilities with Team RWBY so they can help and defend
themselves. Though I'm not sure if they'll be enough to handle Chaos-powered monsters like

that troll from town.' My eyes narrow as I remember what the raccoon said to my clone. 'I
can't get Jinxy Peddler's words out of my head. It's odd, but it feels like I should know him but
I don't know from where.' I take a deep breath. 'I suppose that doesn't matter right now. Keep
me posted on any serious progress in the meantime, okay Tobi?'
[Will do, partner]
"But what about the townspeople? How will we protect them?" Blake asks, drawing back my
attention.
"It is the duty of leaders, such as royalty, to care and protect their people. And if the Red
King doesn't wanna help, I'm sure we'll figure something out." I said with a straight face,
hoping that the Faunus girl doesn't pick the tone of uncertainty in my voice.
"All right." Blake said and I let out a mental sigh of relief.
As they walk, a turquoise butterfly is seen landing on top of a stone pillar.
Entering a courtyard, they see many Toy Guards lined up along the pathway. A soldier does a
drumroll, and the soldiers along the path play an extravagant fanfare. Paired by pair, they step
aside, making way for a rather short-statured, crowned figure dressed in royal garments who
walks down to Team RWBY, Asmodeus, and Peter.
Name: Red Prince
Title: Heir to the Crimson Castle, The Bratty Prince
Level: 7
HP: 250
MP: 200
SP: 67
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Another worthless plebeian. Wants to behead you and the others
for even stepping on his lands
I blink in surprise at the prince's thoughts. 'The fuck? Just how bloodthirsty is this doll?'
They pose dramatically as the fanfare comes to an end. The group looked flabbergasted.
"... A child?" Blake thought out loud, causing the flamboyant boy to sneer at her.
"H-How dare you!? I am no child! I'm the Red Prince. Hmph! Why, I never! Coming to
someone's castle without even knowing who they are, and on my birthday!" The Red Prince
huffed.

"Happy birthday, Your Majesty!" All the Toy Soldiers exclaim, greeting their lord.
Yang looks at the Prince with the biggest 'Who cares' look of all time.
A soldier is distracted by the butterfly from earlier, before his fellow soldiers nudges him.
One of the soldiers stepped forward. "Happy birthday, Your Majesty!"
The Prince looks on with a slight anger in his eyes, before calming his composure.
"Yes, yes. A joyous occasion, thank you very much." He said.
"Red Prince?" Blake whispers to Ruby.
"The King wasn't nearly as rude, or small, or loud." Yang comments.
"He kind of reminds me of Weiss." Ruby remarks.
"Hey! I wasn't that bad." Weiss argues, which is met by her team's deadpan stare.
"Yes, you were." The trio said, making the ex-heiress depressed.
I turn to Peter. "He is the Red King, isn't he?"
"I suppose so… I have never met him before." Peter admits. "He must
have [Ascended] sometime ago, it would explain why he is so young."
"Well, if it hadn't been for your kind, the King would still be here!" One of the soldiers said
before quickly getting shushed by the other guards.
"Our kind? Okay, what the hell happened in this place?" An exasperated Yang asked.
"... It was Alyx. She did something to him." I surmised.
"But all Alyx did was win a game against him. How could that change someone so much?"
Weiss asked.
"You have to think, he was the king of this entire Acre. He was all powerful. And then you
have Alyx, a total unknown, showing up to your doorstep one day." I explained. "She plays a
game with him, she cheats, and loses for the first time in his whole life. That sort of thing can
have a detrimental effect on a person's mind. They can break."
"So what? You're saying he lost his mind?" Weiss asks.
"I wouldn't say that. More like he just stopped being himself, and was forced to change." I
said.
"YOU!" The two of us turn to the tiny puppet glaring. "What are you talking about there!?
Who are you!?"

"Um," I try to come up with something fast. "We're just humble travelers. Here to wish his
Majesty a happy birthday." I smile. "Happy birthday, Your Majesty!"
"Happy birthday." Peter bows.
Ruby smiles and does a curtsy. "Happy birthday, Your Majesty."
"Happy birthday!" Little said.
"Ugh, happy birthday…" Yang groaned.
"Happy birthday." Blake said nervously.
"Happy birthday, I guess…" An unsure Weiss said.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY, OUR PRINCE!" The townspeople cheered.
The Red Prince gasps. "How do you know such privileged information?!" He climbs on a
soldier's back to meet our eye level. "You must be infiltrators! Here to steal my crown!"
Peter tilts his head. "Why would we want your crown?"
"You literally just told us." Yang points out in a deadpan, while Weiss facepalms.
"Also, we saw advertisements for your party... everywhere." Weiss adds.
The Red Prince rushes up to Weiss. "SILENCE! You are in the presence of royalty!" A guard
kisses his hand. "That's me, thank you very much." He then gets angry again. "The heir to the
Crimson Castle!"
A snot bubble appears from his nose, the guard he's standing on pops it for him.
"Ew." Weiss turns to Blake. "Did I used to be this unbearably pompous?"
"No. You were worse." Blake smiled a little.
They are shoved out of the way by the soldiers escorting them.
"Your majesty! We have brought you a magnificent gift, befitting the royal birthday!" The
Toy Soldier says as he kneels before the prince.
"Acquired by us and only us with no help at all." The other soldier adds.
"But we're the one who gave it to you–OW!" Weiss tries to argue but is shoved by a soldier
behind her.
"No help at all!"
The Red Prince, smiling, jumps off the soldier's back and eagerly unwraps the gift only to
quickly turn to disappointment at the sight of Penny's sword.

"Uh green…?" The Red Prince's eye twitches before leaping to the two soldiers and grabs
their collars. He glares at them with rage in his eyes.
"Why. Is. It. GREEN!?" He then proceeds to kick the sword over a red hedge nearby. Ruby
gasps and tries to go after it, but is stopped short by a guard.
"How could you…?" A disheartened Ruby asks the angry prince.
The two soldiers start pathetically pleading for the prince's forgiveness, but the prince was
having none of it, he was livid. And there was only one surefire way to quell the Red Prince's
anger.
"Take them away." The Red Prince orders and a couple of guards drag the two soldiers away.
"Your Majesty, please!" Toy Soldier 01 begs.
"They gave it to us!" Toy Soldier 02 said.
However, their pleas fall on deaf ears as the two are dragged behind a red hedge.
"PLEASE!" The Toy Soldiers let out one final cry as a pair of axes rose from the other side of
the hedge before they swiftly brought down, followed by an eerie silence.
Team RWBY and Peter look in horror at what they just witnessed. The townspeople huddle
together in fear of the merciless royal.
'... this brat. He's just a tyrant.' I note as the Prince lets out a satisfied purr.
"Nothing like a good beheading to calm my nerves." The Red Prince walks off with his
guards in tow. "Now, off to my birthday party!"
"Please wait!" I said and everyone stopped. "We still haven't given you your birthday
present!"
"Hm?" The Red Prince turns to my direction. "And what's that?"
"U-Uh, well," I try to think before snapping my fingers. "A game! How about we play a
game? I always find games to be helpful when I'm feeling sad!"
"A game, huh." The Red Prince ponders at the suggestion before he gives me a wide smile.
Another fanfare plays, the turquoise butterfly from earlier is seen flying down the ringing bell
tower over the castle. It then flies into a large room below. The floor is checker-patterned
with a six-pointed star. There are winding staircases at each corner. In the center, a game
table is shown with a throne-like seat at one end with many soldiers standing guard. Above
the center is a gigantic red crystal shard that bathes the room in red light.
The doors open and the smug Red Prince walks in with Team RWBY, Peter, and Asmodeus
in tow with another guard taking the townspeople somewhere else.

"Are you sure they will be okay?" Ruby asks, referring to the townsfolk lead somewhere else.
"They shall be given the most generous of hospitality. It is my birthday after all." The Red
Prince assures her.
I look up at the crystal above the ceiling. "That's an interesting choice of decor, Your Majesty.
If I may be so bold as to know how you came to acquire it."
"Indeed. I found it during my post-brunch stroll and immediately had my guards work to
install it." The Red Prince bragged.
"How… how long did it take them?" A concerned Blake asks and the prince shrugs.
"A day or two, I don't know. I do remember there being lots of beheadings involved." The
prince said cheerfully at the memory.
The huntresses and the Afterians are disturbed by the prince's casual mention of death while I
simply kept a straight face.
"So, what exactly do you desire from me in exchange for playing my game?" He asks as he
proceeds to take a seat on his throne and quickly adjusts his crown. "There's always a catch."
I let out a smile. "As expected of his royal highness! You are as wise as you are… small."
The Red Prince gasps. "Thank you!" He bows at his guest.
"What we desire is this, your majesty: if we win, you will help us get to the tree." Weiss says
before getting elbowed by Ruby. "Pretty please?"
"The tree? But that's… so far." The Red Prince whined.
"We're aware of that, your highness." I said.
"Hm…" He hums as he gives us an intense stare before suddenly standing up. "If you win, I
will help you with what you ask." He sits back down.
"Great!" Ruby sighs in relief. She proceeds to pull up the chair opposite to the board before a
familiar voice stops her.
"Not you!" The Red Prince then points to me. "Him."
'Why did he choose me!?' I frantically thought while giving him a confused look. "Um, ok?"
Ruby steps aside and I take a seat.
"So, how do we play?" I asked the prince.
Suddenly, the prince and the guards burst out laughing hearing her question.
"Rule 1!" The guards hup and stand at attention again. The pawns on the game board
suddenly come to life. "Each player may move every pawn one space each turn. Rule 2!"

Little and Peter yelps. The guards hup again, causing one of the pawns to fall over.
"Whoever gets the most pawns to the other side of the board wins. Rule 3!" The guards hup
one more time. "To take over a space, you must dispose of whoever occupies it…"
"Dispose of?" An unsure Ruby said.
The Prince snaps his fingers, and the red pawns on his side of the game board draw their
weapons and organize themselves into formation. The white pawns on my side of the board
all groan, already looking roughed up.
I note the uneven number of pieces on my side. "There's a few pawns missing."
The Red Prince smiles, it wasn't kind. "How perfect, then. that you brought along friends to
play then…" He snaps his fingers and suddenly red dust surrounds and shrinks Team RWBY
and Peter, transporting them onto the game board. They are now the same size as the other
pawns.
"What the hell!?" A shocked Yang yelled.
Ruby looks at her hands. "I feel… different."
"I truly did not see this coming." Peter comments.
"Aw! I'm still Little!" Little whined as he was still the smallest in the group.
"..." I was left appalled before turning to the smiling prince.
"There! Now we're even." The Red Prince said.
"Asmodeus! Don't worry about us, you got to focus on winning the game." Blake yells and I
nod.
The white pawns give the Huntresses a weird look. "What's wrong with them?"
"I dunno, they look stupid." The other pawn said.
"Uh, rude." Yang said.
Weiss sighed. "I guess these are our teammates." She proceeds to draw Myrtenaster.
Yang arms her gauntlets. "Ruby, stay close to me."
Ruby grabs Peter and holds him tight in one arm while grasping [Ace of Spades] in her free
hand.
I use [Observe] to quickly check my pawns.
Name: White Pawn
Title: Worthless Piece

LVL: 1
HP: 50
MP: 0
SP: 29
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: You will lose
'Gee, thanks.' I then check the prince's pawns.
Name: Red Pawn
Title: The Winning Piece
LVL: 9
HP: 300
MP: 0
SP: 400
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Wants to beat you to get praise from his majesty
'That little shit! He's rigged the game to his favor.' I thought. 'Unfortunately for him, his
opponent is anything but weak, and thankfully I had the foresight to give Ruby [Ace of
Spades] or else she wouldn't be able to fight now.'
The Red Prince gives me a smug grin. "As I am a gracious ruler, the white team may go first.
Begin!"
The lights around the room suddenly go out, a single spotlight shines only on the game table
at the center of the room.
The game has begun.
[What will you do?]
'The White Pawns are useless. They are too injured and simply can't match the Red Pawns in
sheer strength. Not to mention they're cowards. They will likely use Team RWBY as sacrifices
to save themselves from the prince's wrath.' I deduced, the irony wasn't lost to me. "Hey
Weiss, do you think you can take that space in front of you?"
"Have some faith, Asmodeus!" Weiss says while smiling confidently before charging
forward.

The Red Pawn in her line of sight raises his sword before charging as well, only for Weiss to
parry his attack and strike him in the knee and face before blowing him away on the ground
and knocking him unconscious.
The White Pawns gasp in wonder and amazement, being accustomed to always losing to the
Red Prince and his pawns, while a magical stretcher appears and carries the unconscious Red
Pawn away.
"Go Weiss!" Little cheers.
"Excellent footwork, Madam Weiss." Peter adds.
"Huh?! Uh, beginner's luck! Doesn't bother me!" The Red Prince gasps before trying to
regain his composure. "So tell me, why do you want to go to the Tree?"
"We believe the Tree is the potential answer to solving our respective issues. Me and Peter on
our quest, and helping my new friends get home." I reply honestly without trying to give
away any triggers connecting to Alyx, though I couldn't help but notice the Red Crystal on
the ceiling was faintly glowing, which immediately set off alarms in my head, since stuff like
that clearly foreshadowed something suspicious or bad was gonna happen.
[Murphy's Law is a real bitch, isn't it?]
I shake my head at this, mentally agreeing but deciding to focus more on the game while
keeping an eye on the Red Prince to watch for any issues.
"Yang, you're up! Show these guys what a blond badass is capable of!" I smile while pointing
at the huntress in question, causing Yang to smirk confidently and stretch her arms while
getting her shotgun-gauntlets ready.
"Damn straight I will!" Yang declares before using her gauntlets to launch herself forward,
launching into the air followed by a second shot before landing on top of a random Red Pawn
and unleashing a blurry flurry of blows that quickly overwhelmed him and knocked him out.
"Who are these people?" A Red Pawn questions out loud.
Team RWB_ and the White Pawns cheered at Yang, who only raised her hands in an
entertaining way before turning to the Red Prince with a smirk while wiping her mouth with
her prosthetic hand's thumb in a mocking manner.
The prince growls and nearly balls his hand into a fist, before calming himself down again.
"And how do you know this?" He asks.
"Let's just say a little rabbit showed me the way. Blake, your turn!" I yelled.
Blake smiles and draws her [Gambol Shroud]. The Red Pawn in front of her immediately
charges to attack, but Blake easily dodged and jumped mid-air and uses the makeshift
grappling hook function of her weapon to grab the ankle of the Red Pawn and make him fall

to the ground, before spinning and repeatedly slashing the Red Pawn in question until he was
clearly too injured to get back up or fight.
Her teammates and the White Pawns once again cheered, with Yang in particular being the
most energetic and spinning her arm repeatedly to cheer, causing Blake to blush.
Some of the White Pawns murmur amongst each other.
"A little rabbit? It wouldn't happen to be that crazy old fossil, Augur, would it?" The Red
Prince asked in a sneer, the faint glow of the red crystal getting a few notches brighter.
[I am detecting Negative Chaos Energy coming from the crystal above us. It is reacting
to the Red Prince's anger]
'I've noticed, but there's nothing to be done. Any sudden action now will likely only cause him
to lose his temper and potentially take it out on the townsfolk we brought here. And I don't
think Peter took that comment about Augur well, not that I can blame him since it's so
disrespectful.' I noted while looking at Peter, who looked outraged while in Ruby's arm.
"The Elder was not a crazy old fossil! He was the leader of the White Rabbit Clan and was
given the gift of Prophecy by the Tree itself! And while he recently [Ascended] after giving
his final prophecy, he still deserves to be treated with respect!" Peter angrily retorts, before
looking at me. "Sir Asmodeus, teach him a lesson!"
"Ruby, can you take care of the Red Pawn in front of you?" I asked, and when a look of
doubt briefly appeared on her face, I gave her a reassuring smile. "I have faith in you, Ruby.
You are an amazing and clearly capable Huntress, and all of us are here for you no matter
what, so believe in yourself."
"He's right, Rubes. We're always here for you. Besides, do you really want to let that jerk of a
Prince get away with saying that about someone who only recently passed away?" Yang says,
supporting her sister while voicing the displeasure Team RWBY felt at the Prince's blatant
disrespect to Augur. They were already extremely annoyed by the Prince's bratty attitude and
cruel disregard for others, but that kind of remark of someone who recently passed away was
a step too far.
"Leave it to me." Ruby says as a steely expression appears on her face while letting go of
Peter as she remembers how the Red Prince callously kicked aside Penny's sword, her only
memory of her, over something as petty as color.
She too was getting fed up with the Red Prince's bullshit, regardless of whatever potential
help he could give to get to the Tree!
She just didn't care anymore.
She disappears in a burst of petals and traps her opponent in a red tornado. The Red Pawn
raises his spear and gets ready for anything only to be suddenly shot in the back by
something. It doesn't end there as multiple shots rain across all directions, causing the pawn
to scream in pain.

The tornado stops and Ruby emerges from the petals, leaving a bullet-riddled Red Pawn fall
in her wake.
I was appalled by what Ruby had just done. Since when has Ruby been this… ruthless
before?
It isn't just me either as her teammates are also just as surprised.
"Ruby…?" Yang slowly asks, her face riddled with worry. "Are you okay?"
Ruby turns to her friends and smiles. Except the smile was cold… and very familiar.
"Never felt better." Ruby said.
'Am I the only one getting a red flag here?' I asked.
[Nope]
The Red Prince, meanwhile, glares at me with absolute rage. He has reached his limit!
"ENOUGH! It's my turn! ATTACK! Full speed ahead!" He barks out.
"Take them down boys. Let's give his majesty a game to remember." I said and my white
army charged into battle with newfound vigor.
All the red team charges forward and clashes with the white team, leading to an all out battle.
Team RWBY helped take down some pawns too. Some pawns are sent away on stretchers.
The Red Prince slams his fist against the armrest before jumping off his chair and kicking it
to the floor and stomping off in a rage-induced temper tantrum.
"NO! This is not how it's supposed to go! This isn't right, this isn't FAIR!" The Red Prince
cried as he fell on his knees and slammed his fists against the ground, though his body began
to ominously glow the same shade of red as the Red Crystal on the ceiling.
[Oh shit, the Chaos Energy is reacting to the prince's emotional tantrum. You best be
ready]
'No kidding. Luckily, one advantage to me being here means Team RWBY doesn't need that
weird ice cream to grow back to normal size.' I thought before using [Almighty Magic] to
restore Peter, Little, and Team RWBY to normal size and make them reappear by my side.
While the skill was restricted, I still had access to some of my magic, including
Brandish's [Command T, making it easy to restore them back to normal.
"Whoa, we're back to normal!" Yang says in surprise, but grateful to no longer be little.
"You're welcome. Now you guys might wanna take a step back." I said as I stood up.

The Red Prince turns to the group and focuses on the person who defeated him. "Tell me…
what manner of creatures did you say you were again…?"
"Well, uh… Blake is a Faunus. Asmodeus is… something. Peter is a rabbit and Little is a
mouse." Ruby explained.
"That's right!" Little proudly proclaims.
"The rest of us… are humans." Ruby reveals. Dammit, Ruby.
The guards gasp and quickly point their weapons at them.
*CRACK!*
Team RWBY flinches by the sudden crack that forms on the prince's porcelain face.
"Humans… HUMANS!" The Red Prince screams out the word with absolute disdain. "I
knew it! I KNEW IT! You must have cheated!" He hops onto the game table. "ALL OF
YOU! OFF WITH THEIR HEADS!"
The surrounding Red guards approached them while brandishing their axes, while Team
RWBY brandished their own weapons in retaliation. I pull the [Skywalker
Lightsaber] and [Darksaber] from my [Inventory], deciding to dual-wield both of my
lightsabers, causing them to momentarily stop in surprise and fear of the unfamiliar weapons.
"Our quarrel is with the Red Prince. We won the game fair and square, and he's refusing to
keep his word on the baseless accusation that we cheated simply because three of us are
human. If you walk away, you have our word you will not be harmed." I told them, but they
only continued to approach. "Fine, but you were warned."
Weiss immediately restrained more than half of the guards with the gravity application of
her [Glyphs] long enough for Yang to jump and bulldoze through them in a flurry of punches
and shotgun rounds fired from her weapons, while Ruby and Blake were able to outmaneuver
and sneak behind most of the remaining guards thanks to their [Semblances], and I dealt with
the last few in a flurry of slashes with my lightsabers.
It was practically done in the blink of an eye, but then again these guards were by no means
strong or well-trained, even to Team RWBY.
"Grahhh! You guards are useless!" The Red Prince yells as the aura of [Negative Chaos
Energy] around him grows stronger.
Team RWBY and I regroup in front of the angry Prince, with all of us pointing our weapons
at him, with me summoning all 7 [Chromas] behind me as well.
"It's over, Red Prince. Good leaders put the needs and well-being of their people above selfinterests, and they honor their promises. And games aren't about winning or losing, but the
thrill of challenge and how you play. So calm down, accept your loss, and keep your word." I
coldly told him as we all glared at him.

"Shutupshutupshutupshuptshutupshutupshutup! WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE!? THIS
IS MY CASTLE ON MY BIRTHDAY AND YOU, A MERE FREAK OF
NATURE, DARES LECTURE ME ON LEADERSHIP!?" The Red Prince screams out, foam
oozing out of his mouth.
The team gag at the sight of the living doll losing his mind while Peter and I stay undeterred.
"Sir Asmodeus is correct! Leadership is about the needs of the people, not thinking only
about yourself!" Peter berates, remembering the lessons he picked up from me.
"And quite frankly, I know what I'm not: a selfish and petty brat of a tyrant who can't handle
reality and lashes out at not having your way, and will ultimately end up all alone with no one
to rule or play with." I replied bluntly without hesitation.
*CRACK!*
More cracks appear across the prince's head, his face violently twitching as he clutches his
head.
"Y-Y-Y-yoU!" He looks up and the sclera of his eyes turn black as his eyes glow an ominous
red.
Ruby visibly flinches at the all-too familiar gaze and her [Silver Eyes] slightly glow.
"I HATE YOU!" The Red Prince roars, though for Ruby all she sees is Salem's angry face.
The crystal above bursts with [Negative Chaos Energy] and everyone can only watch as a
dark reddish fog converges on the Red Prince and absorbs it.
Immediately a pair of massive, long red arms burst from the Red Prince's back. He screams in
pure agony as his tiny, porcelain limbs rip themselves apart and are replaced with black,
mechanical ones.
Everyone in the room can only morbidly stare as they watch the Red Prince basically
destroying himself before they are all blanketed by a massive shadow.
In the Red Prince's place now stands a giant mechanical puppet. Its body is a black metal
styled in a royal garb with golden pauldrons on both shoulders with a pair of larger, longer
arms emerging from it along with a culet. The face is the most striking. Gone was the cute
chubbiness and is replaced with the monstrous detailed visage of an angry man. Even his
crown has changed, having become more jagged with harper ends.
"ーーー!" The monster lets out a mighty roar, its body unleashing a massive wave of
negative energy that shackles the entire building.
Name: The Red King
Title: The Corrupted Lord of the Red Arce
Level: 1010

HP: 100,512,214
MP: 128,734,021
SP: 125,091,201
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: ーーー！！
[Oh no]
"W-What is that? What happened to the Red Prince?" A scared Blake asks.
"... take Peter and get the hell out of here." I whispered to them.
"W-What?" Ruby said.
"That was [Negative Chaos Energy]. It responded to the prince's anger and it mutated him
into that monstrosity. Remember the troll and the Jabberwalker? Yeah, just like them." I
whispered. "You need to find the townsfolk and find a way to the next acre."
"But what about you!? Don't tell me you're gonna fight that thing by yourself again!?" Yang
stressed.
"My… my king?" A foolish Toy Soldier slowly approaches the hulking monstrosity. "Is
that… truly you, sire?"
"..." The Red King slowly turns to the soldier.
"Get away from him!" I yelled.
The Red King plucks the soldier off the floor. It opens its unhinged jaw, revealing multiple
spinning saw blades making up its mouth before throwing the soldier inside. The room is
immediately filled with a shrill of agony coming from inside the giant puppet as the muffled
sounds of wood getting ripped apart are heard.
It doesn't stop there as the Red King grabs the other guards and starts to eat them too. All of
them screaming in utter fear, pleading for mercy to a monster that cannot be reasoned with.
"He-he's eating them!" Weiss reels in disgust.
Ruby throws up while Yang and Peter are frozen in horror.
"He's worse than any Grimm Salem can make..." Blake mutters in horror.
The Red King slowly turns to our direction and roars. It runs towards us with animalistic
ferocity.

Team RWBY quickly gets ready to attack but before they can make a move the king is
punched in the face by a large black fist.
"Hm!" I open my hand and the construct follows suit, firing a red blast from the hole in its
palm at the monster causing it to groan in pain.
"Why are you all just standing there!? Get out now." I told them.
"But we can help you!" Ruby argues
The Red King growls as it starts to march forward, fighting through the attack.
I give the red reaper a side glare. "This is no time to argue, Ruby Rose! You and your team
need to get out of here!" But that's when a large shadow looms over me.
I only get enough time to turn my neck before a giant hand smacks me aside and sends
crashing straight to the wall.
Team RWBY looks up only to freeze in fear before the Red King's gaze, its red beady eyes
holding absolute contempt.
But before it can do anything a large black dragon skull tackles the hulking puppet and uses
its maw to pin it to the wall.
"You're gonna have to try a little harder than that." A familiar voice says and Team RWBY
turns to see a very much alive Asmodeus stepping out of the hole in the wall.
"Sir Asmodeus! You're alive!" Peter exclaims with clear jubilation.
"B-But how did you!?" A confused Weiss sputters before seeing a black outline surrounding
Asmodeus. "You have [Aura]!?"
"Now's not the time, Weiss!" I said.
The Red King starts slamming all four arms at the construct in an attempt to free itself.
"GO NOW!" I ordered them.
Team RWBY looked like they wanted to protest, but another roar from the Red King silenced
them. Even without sensory-type [Semblances] they could still feel the sheer power radiating
from it being leagues stronger than anything they had ever encountered before, including
Salem or the strongest Grimm.
So without much choice, they grabbed Peter and ran off.
"Finally." I let out a sigh of relief.
[Hey, get this? Not only did I unlock one of your traits but I managed to unlock a skill
too in the process! Isn't that awesome!?]

"Good timing, Tobi. So which skill is it?"
[It's-]
Just then the Red King destroys the blaster and charges immediately.
"Kaioken X 10!" My body bursts with a massive influx of energy as I am covered in a thick
red aura.
I leap towards the monster and pull both of my arms back before unleashing a cross slash at
the monster, leaving an X-shaped gash on its chest.
The Red King groans in pain, black arm clutching its wounded chest.
I deeply exhale, letting the red aura fade but it doesn't stop a smile from creeping on my face.
"Hell yeah! I got [Kaioken] back! Oh, how I missed this rush!" I say in excitement. "So
which trait did you unlock?"
[It's Determination. Figured that in conjunction with Gamer's Body, Gamer's Mind,
and Regenerator, it would be the ideal foundation for any fights while I work to fix the
rest of the system and ensure the update happens as soon as possible]
"Good call." I switch out my lightsabers and pull out the [Leviathan Axe] from
my [Inventory]. "You could have avoided all of this if you weren't so self-centered, but now
I'm gonna have to put you down like every monster I've had to deal with." I spin my axe and
it begins to glow.
Metal grinds against metal as the puppet's eyes glow red with fury. It does a wind-up spin
before following through with a powerful AoE punch to the ground, but I quickly jump out of
the way. I throw the axe at the arm causing it to freeze on contact.
"Haaaa!" I invoke another [Kaioken] and summon three [Gaster Blasters]. The blasters
glow a hot red as they are empowered by the [Kaioken] and start to charge up.
The Red King breaks its arm out of the ice and uses both giant limbs to leap upwards before
going for a downward kick.
"Don't think so." I snap my fingers and the blasters fire just as the king's foot is mere inches
from where I'm standing.
The view changes to the outside as the Crimson Castle shakes violently as birds can be seen
flying away from the sound of an explosion.
Meanwhile
Team RWBY run down the halls of the Red Castle as they are chased by a couple of Red
Guards.
"Stop, in the name of the Red Prince!" The guard yells.

However, the guard in question was immediately blown away, courtesy of a pissed off Yang.
"You guards quite frankly suck at your jobs, and your Prince is nothing but trouble even
BEFORE he turned into a freakin' monster!" Yang angrily retorts as she and her teammates
attack the approaching guards who got in their way.
Team RWBY, along with Peter and Little, were working diligently to find and evacuate the
townsfolk that had accompanied them to the Red Castle, but they were currently having no
luck due to the castle being so big with so many rooms and hallways, not to mention there are
guards everywhere!
"Damn it! Where are the toy people!?" Yang growled in frustration.
"Everyone here is a toy Yang." Weiss points out.
"You know who I mean!"
"I don't know. The Red Prince claimed that they would be given the best hospitality." Blake
reminds them.
"Yeah, but considering who said it, I'm wondering how accurate that claim is, especially
given his casual willingness to behead his own guards." Weiss retorts.
"…I hope they're all okay, and that Asmodeus can handle that monster." Ruby says in
concern, a sentiment shared with her teammates and their Afteran companions.
"You must have faith in Sir Asmodeus, Lady Ruby. He has proven himself to be very
powerful if the battle against the Troll and the Jabberwalker were any indication, and the
Elder did state Sir Asmodeus was a God." Peter says in an attempt to ease their worries,
including his own.
"He's clearly stronger than he lets on, but we need to find the townsfolk before they
potentially get caught in the crossfire. Judging by how powerful Asmodeus and that monster
are, there's likely gonna be a lot of collateral damage." Weiss replies.
Soon, the group approaches a doorway that suddenly opens, and one of the toy people who
they rescued crawls on the ground backing away from it, followed by a Red Guard
brandishing their axe.
"N-No wait! Please!" The living toy pleads but the guard swings his axe down anyway,
ending this innocent's life, much to Team RWBY and their Afteran companions' horror.
"What?! What are you doing?! How could you kill that innocent person?! He couldn't have
done anything to deserve it, and you're supposed to PROTECT the people, not kill them!"
Peter yells in horror and anger as they approach the Red Guard and room in question.
"His majesty's order is absolute. His party guests must be given the utmost hospitality." The
guard states.

"WHAT DOES KILLING THEM HAVE TO DO WITH 'HOSPITALITY'!?" An outraged
Blake yelled/asked.
"This is his majesty's hospitality." He responds, which makes the four girls livid.
"... insane. You're all insane!" Weiss sneered.
"Y-You really did kill all of them! Because of that stupid prince!" Ruby exclaims in horror
and outrage upon looking in the room and seeing the dismembered remains of the townsfolk
they originally brought here, along with other guards now approaching them from the room.
"…A part of me felt a little bad for you idiots, but you guys are ultimately no better if you're
willing to go along with this without question." Yang growls out as her eyes turn red and her
hair ignites due to her [Semblance] as she prepares her shotgun-gauntlets.
Ruby, Weiss, and Blake also prepared their weapons, equally fed up with the madness and
cruelty of the Red Prince and his guards.
However, before the fight could even start, they were caught off-guard by the sound of a
massive explosion that rocks the entire castle, just as something smashes through the back
wall of the room, the cause revealed to be the Red King whose body was among the rubble.
And landing on top of his body was Asmodeus.
I quickly took a glance at the room upon noticing Team RWBY and the Red Guards, and I
was outraged when I saw the remains of the Toy People.
"Did you all do this?" I coldly asked the remaining guards with a murderous expression that
frightened the Red Guards.
"H-His Majesty's order is absolute!" A foolish Red Guard answered before looking at the
mutated Prince. "Y-Your Majesty, are you okay?"
Instead of answering, however, both of the Red King's extra arms suddenly grabbed all of the
Red Guards in the blink of an eye and were forced into his mouth, causing the Guards to
scream in pain as they were consumed by the Red King, who roared and unleashed an aura
of [Negative Chaos Energy] as I jumped off its body and in front of Team RWBY.
"That's it, this ends now!" I growled.
The Red King moves to attack, but is suddenly immobilized due to the gravity effects of
Weiss' [Glyphs] that appeared beneath its feet.
"I can't hold it for long! Asmodeus, if you can, finish it off quickly!" Weiss pleaded, to which
I nod in understanding.
"Time to finish this! Kaioken X 100!" I say as I activate [Kaioken] again, drawing looks of
surprise at my companions from the red aura around my body as I channel [Chaos
Energy] into the [Leviathan Axe] enlarging into a large red version of itself.
"You're finished!" I swing the axe in an arc.

For a moment, nothing happens.
*THUD!*
Suddenly, the Red King's head falls to the marble floor before it falls again as the floor gives
in to its weight with its body following suit, revealing a giant slash mark on the wall.
'Death by decapitation. It seemed only fitting to kill him that way.' I thought bitterly before
noting the lack of notification on killing the former Prince. 'Guess the Exp function of the
System still isn't working.'
[Sorry about that, but even with the core integrity of the Gamer System being secure
and intact, it appears the Tree is not only suppressing your strongest perks and skills,
but likely suppressing your ability to grow stronger via level up. Though given the level
disparity between you and the monsters, you should be fine without any immediate
concerns for the time being]
I turn to the girls and Peter. "You guys okay?"
"Yeah." They all nod in relief, glad that the former Prince was gone and their companion had
returned.
*CRACK~*
Everyone looks back to see large cracks growing around the giant gash before the wall
collapses and starts to affect the rest of the castle wing.
"Run!" I yell and we all start running.
"How do we get out of this madhouse, for crying out loud?!" Weiss complains, which was
understandable given the complexity of the Red Castle.
"Maybe I can be of help." A new voice says, drawing our attention to a purple glowing
quadrupedal cat that had cyan-colored eyes with white pupils and cyan markings on their
face, torso, and legs with long white whiskers.
[Oh shit, it's him]
Name: Curious Cat
Title: Caretaker of the Ever After, The Constantly Annoying Cat, Traitor, Child Killer
Level: 67
HP: 84,901
MP: 77,289
SP: 86,001

AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Curious about your power, wants to use you to escape the Ever
After
"Whatever, just hurry up!" I barked.
"Very well. You're lucky I was in the neighborhood, especially given that I normally hate
parties like the Prince's, but then again, everything's going crazy lately." The Cat says in
amusement as he takes us down a series of corridors, doorways, and passages.
I ignored his babbling as I thought of our next move.
'I need a way to convince Team RWBY to either refuse the Cat's help or limit his influence
while making them weary of him.' I thought in contemplation, before a look of realization
came on my face. 'I have an idea, and it could work!'
We eventually managed to escape the Red Castle after going through one last set of doors just
as the building completely collapsed, upon which we ended up in grasslands filled with red
grass and trees.
"Thank you for helping us." Ruby says to the Cat.
"No problem, but what were you doing at the Crimson Castle, and how did you end up in his
game, anyway?" The Cat asked curiously.
"We wanted to speak to the Red King, but he wasn't there and that Prince turned into a
monster and went on a rampage." Blake admits.
"The King?! How do you know him?!" The Cat asks in surprise as it flies in Blake's face,
before turning back. "Well, times change you know, and so do we when it's our time to
change. Don't you?"
I groaned at the Cat's babbling, not sure how much was genuine curiosity and how much was
his attempt to annoy or undermine us.
"First things first. What are you, what did you need to talk to the King about, and what is
your favorite dessert?" The Cat asks.
"What does that last question have to do with anything? We're humans and-" Ruby starts
before the Cat interrupts her.
"Ugh, you're not nearly as interesting as the others I've met. What about-, oh hold that
thought!" The Cat notes in boredom before getting excited at the site of a butterfly and
jumping into the grass to chase it.
"What's the deal with this Cat? Can't anyone here be normal, or at least as reasonable as Peter
here?" Weiss groaned in annoyance.

"That, Lady Weiss, was the Curious Cat, the Caretaker of the Ever After. He travels the Ever
After to help Afterans continue their role or send them to the Tree when they're ready to
undergo [Ascension]." Peter reveals, drawing Blake's attention.
"When Alyx was lost, she met the Curious Cat, who loved to ask questions." Blake states.
"And the Curious Cat helped Alyx get to the Tree." Yang realizes upon remembering the
details of the story.
"So wait, the Cat is our ticket out of here?" Weiss asks in bafflement.
"We already have an effective guide in the form of Peter here, and if the Curious Cat is truly
the Caretaker of the Ever After, then we need to be cautious around him." I state while
drawing the attention of the others, with me being mentally grateful for Peter's presence due
to both his expertise in the Ever After and him referring to the Cat's role, as it fit my plan.
"Why would we need to be cautious of the Cat? He was an ally of Alyx and helped her get
back home." Blake asks in confusion.
"Because I don't trust him." I admit. "Ever heard the phrase 'Curiosity killed the
Cat'? Anyone with unrestrained curiosity can potentially be dangerous since they'll have no
self-control, patience, or a sense of responsibility."
"How can you say that? He's done nothing wrong." Weiss interjects.
"Do you all remember the fifth line of the prophecy that I received from Augur? He said: 'Do
not listen to the Caretaker's whims'. The Curious Cat is that Caretaker. We shouldn't trust
him." I remind them.
This caused both Team RWBY and Peter to understand my skepticism and concern, which
was exactly what I was hoping for.
"But Asmodeus, we need help to navigate the Ever After. Even Alyx couldn't do it alone."
Blake replied.
"I know, but didn't you mention that Alyx had 2 traveling companions in her story, with one
being the Curious Cat and the other being the Rusted Knight? If we find the Rusted Knight,
he can help too, and if the Cat is actually a trustworthy ally, then he should be able to lead us
to his 'old friend' without issue." I reveal, before looking at Peter again. "Besides, wasn't there
another line in Augur's prophecy, 'Seek out the Rusted Soul'? That's likely a reference to the
Rusted Knight, which means all the more reason to find him."
This caused Team RWBY to actively consider my suggestion and the valid points I raised,
while Peter looked on in amazement at my deductions, while I was hoping they would go
along with it.
As much as I had bonded with Team RWBY since meeting them, I have only officially
known them for a short period of time, and it would be hard to convince them that the
Curious Cat wasn't to be trusted given how desperate they are to get home.

But Jaune, on the other hand, would be more easily trusted by them and could easily
convince them not to trust the Curious Cat given his history with him.
And even though he was initially wrong about the Tree and Lewis' fate, he was ultimately
right that only one of the siblings made it back to Remnant while the other died and that the
Curious Cat was responsible for it.
"We get your concern and we should definitely seek out the Rusted Knight, but are you sure
we should reject the Curious Cat's help?" Ruby asks in a hesitant manner. She and her
teammates had grown to respect and trust their new companion and understood the points he
was making, but were unsure if this was the best course of action.
"We can reluctantly accept the Cat's help but also keep an eye out for suspicious behavior and
exert some restraint on his curiosity. I did say to be cautious of him, not reject him entirely." I
said as a compromise, knowing what I was asking wouldn't be easy to accept. "I'm not trying
to make things unnecessarily difficult, but even if the Cat isn't inherently malicious, his
curiosity could cause trouble for us. I mean, he just took off to chase a random butterfly and
abandoned us, which doesn't instill a lot of confidence in him being the best guide, and his
unrestrained curiosity could lead to unnecessary detours or a higher likelihood of
encountering Chaos Monsters. Considering all the trouble we've faced with the past few
monsters, with Yang almost dying at the hands of the Jabberwalker, I just wanna make sure
you guys are okay."
Team RWBY had to concede on that point, and were glad that I wasn't completely rejecting
the Curious Cat and was only looking out for them.
"So, what should we do?" Yang asked.
"For now, we find the Curious Cat and persuade him to help us get to the Tree while keeping
an eye on him, with Peter acting as a secondary guide in case the Cat disappears again or
takes unnecessary detours or even into a trap." I state while looking at Peter, who quickly
understood that we would depend on him as well. "And we tell him that we want to find the
Rusted Knight before heading to the Tree. Since they are supposed to be 'old friends', he
likely knows where the Rusted Knight is, and if the Curious Cat is truly trustworthy, he
should have no problems taking us to the Rusted Knight."
"That sounds reasonable and shouldn't be a problem. Right guys?" Weiss asked her
teammates.
"You won't get any complaints from me, and if the Cat also turns into one of those monsters,
this might actually be the best approach, especially since we have Peter as a backup." Yang
agreed before looking at Peter.
"You can count on me, Lady Yang! Same with you, Sir Asmodeus!" Peter says proudly with
confidence.
"When you take these monsters into consideration, it would make sense. Plus, it means we'll
DEFINITELY get to meet the Rusted Knight!" Blake says, her voice and demeanor becoming
more excited at the thought of meeting her favorite character from the story.

[Oh I can't wait to see the look on her face when she finds out who he really is~]
"Well, I guess we're all in agreement." Ruby says, lending her support.
"Great, now we just need to find the Curious Cat. Luckily, this will be easy for me." I say
while detecting the Curious Cat's magic signature and telekinetically pull him towards me.
While [Psionic Manipulation] was still locked, I could still use [Telekinesis] magic to some
extent as well as [Mana Sense] thanks to [Almighty Magic].
"Whoa!" The Curious Cat's voice yelled as he suddenly was yanked away from chasing the
butterfly and was flying towards us. "How did you do that?"
"Magic. Now, we need your help." I told the Cat.
"Oh? You need my help? Whatever for?" The Cat asks playfully.
"Look, my friends and I really need to get to that giant Tree and so far everything we've tried
hasn't gotten us any closer." I told him.
"The Tree? Tree, tree, tree, tree…of course, that is most definitely impossible. You do not go
to the Tree, the Tree goes to you, unless of course you're me. You see?" The Cat says in
amusement.
"Not even a little bit." Yang deadpans.
'I only got it because I watched the episode.' I thought.
"Well, that's your problem. It's a matter of perspective, I'm afraid." The Cat chuckles.
"But, couldn't you take us then? You've been there before." Ruby notes.
"So why would I ever want to go back? Yes, I'm glad we understand one another. No sense in
seeing a sight." The Cat replies, before getting distracted by another butterfly and chasing it
into the grass again.
'Good lord, I almost forgot how annoying the Cat was this early in the season.' I thought in
annoyance before pulling the Cat back again via [Telekinesis].
"Aw, again? Can't a Cat chase a butterfly in peace?" The Cat pouts.
"Please, great Curious Cat! We need to get to the Tree if we are to save the Ever After, as per
the Elder's final prophecy!" Peter says, drawing the Cat's attention for the first time.
"Huh, a White Rabbit? Didn't expect to see you so far from your acre. And by the Elder, do
you mean that crazy old Rabbit, Augur? Been a while since I last saw him, and while he was
a wise leader of the White Rabbits, not sure if he was the best Oracle. I mean, he once
claimed that if I didn't learn restraint and responsibility, it would lead to my own downfall!
Even said I would go down a dark path someday, but does someone as positive as me seem
dark?" The Cat playfully scoffs.

'So Augur knew the Cat would eventually be driven mad and tried to warn him, but he didn't
listen.' I note before making eye-contact with Team RWBY, who looked troubled at the
revelation. The Cat might have tried to play it off, but he unknowingly strengthened my
argument to the others of the need to be weary of the Cat.
Peter looked offended at the casual insult at Augur, but I placed a hand on Peter's head before
he could act on it.
"Well, I met Augur before he underwent [Ascension], and he seemed like a legit Oracle, as I
know the difference between a real Seer and a fake one." I say in Augur's defense. "But
before we go to the Tree, we need to find an old friend of yours to help us as well."
"An old friend of mine? I have lots of friends, so I need you to be more specific." The Cat
curiously retorts.
"I'm talking about the Rusted Knight." I clarified.
"The Rusted Knight? Why would you want to see that old buckethead?" The Cat asks in
surprise, but I can sense he's masking his darker emotions.
"Well, we know you both once helped Alyx travel the Ever After to the Tree, so we want as
much help as we can get." I answered and that seemed to get the cat's attention.
"Alyx? Alyx Alyx? Are you friends of hers? Lifelong nemeses? Wait, don't tell me…okay,
tell me!" The Cat exclaims in excitement as he flies in my face.
"We don't know her personally, but well…" I trail off as I look to Team RWBY for help.
"She wrote a book about her entire adventure here in the Ever After." Weiss explains, coming
to my rescue.
"A book? Is it well-liked?" The Cat asks.
"It's…kinda a childhood favorite of everyone's from where we come from." Blake admits.
"Oh yes! I must know more! What did she write about? How was I portrayed? And…do I
smell a mouse?" The Cat goes off before smelling the air.
"Eep!" Little cries on Ruby's shoulder before hiding behind her neck.
"Look, can you help us or not?" I say while trying to get back on topic.
"Well, what's in it for me?" The Cat retorts.
"Well, you undoubtedly have questions about and for us. We'd be happy to answer them and
tell you stuff about our journeys and worlds as we travel to the Tree, not to mention keep you
safe from any Chaos Monsters appearing in the Ever After. Like the Jabberwalker." I say.
The Curious Cat's eyes widened in horror, which was understandable since the Jabberwalker
was feared by virtually all Afterans, including him, and he seemed a little aware of the

presence of Chaos Monsters emerging lately.
"Hm, you make a compelling argument, but I dunno if it's worth my time." The Cat says
while trying to play off his fear of the Jabberwalker and other new Chaos Monsters.
"Great Curious Cat, please! The Elder foretold that if we do not act promptly, all of the Ever
After could be at risk! As the Caretaker of the Ever After, surely you wouldn't want such a
thing to pass?!" Peter exclaims, still a little annoyed by the Cat's attitude of Augur and weary
due to the warnings of myself and Augur related to the Cat, but trying to put them aside for
the sake of the Ever After.
"Well, obviously not, but the destruction of the Ever After doesn't seem likely if not even
possible, and even if it were, I'm not a fighter." The Cat casually brushes off, much to the
silent outrage of Peter at the Cat's apparent indifference to the stakes.
"We'll make it worth your while by telling you all the stuff from our world! Look! Uh, have
you ever seen a scroll before? Oooh!" Ruby says while showing the Cat her scroll, who grabs
it in curiosity.
"Ooh, luminous rectangle. Ooh, what does this button do?" The Cat asks in amazement
before accidentally triggering the camera function multiple times. "Why is it painting tiny flat
versions of me? Is that what I look like smiling?"
"Hook, line, and sinker." Weiss smirks in victory.
"Smart move, Ruby. We should definitely get going. But before we do, I think I should get
something important before we go." I say before using [Mana Sense] to lock onto a faint
signature that I thankfully memorized beforehand and stretched out my hand, and
used [Telekinesis] to pull Penny's sword from the ruins of the Crimson Castle, causing it to
fly at great speeds until it flew into my hand, before I promptly gave it to Ruby. "I believe
this belongs to you, Ruby?"
Ruby gasps in surprise and grabs Penny's sword gratefully before placing it on her back, after
which I was pulled into a hug by the Huntress, much to my surprise.
"Thank you, Asmodeus!" Ruby says gratefully, to which I simply smile and reciprocate the
hug. Her teammates also looked at me with grateful expressions, knowing how important
such a memento to a late friend would be, especially to Ruby.
After breaking away, I then look at the Cat.
"So, ready to lead us to the Rusted Knight and then to the Tree?" I asked, drawing the Cat's
attention away from the scroll.
"Well, I suppose it wouldn't hurt, especially if I get to learn more about your world!" The Cat
confirms.
Team RWBY and Peter looked grateful, and promptly started to follow the Cat as he led the
way to the Garden Market, where he claimed would be one of the locations the Rusted

Knight would possibly be, though they made sure to keep my warning in mind.
'He might have seemingly agreed to take us to Jaune, but best to keep an eye out for any foul
play. Based on our path, he'll likely try to take us to the Herbalist regardless, which isn't
exactly good for Ruby.' I noted.
[True, but we don't have many other options at the moment, and the stupid rules of the
Ever After means you can only take certain pathways, so best to deal with it while
staying on guard]
We continued our journey as we walked to the Garden Market, trying to answer the Cat's
questions as best we could to keep him entertained, but it was very exhausting and annoying
for Team RWBY. Even Peter and Little, who were just as curious and eager to learn about
Remnant, slowly grew mentally exhausted at the Cat's behavior, with Little taking a nap as
usual. The Cat showed interest in me, particularly when he learned I was a Chimera, though I
kept my disclosures limited to adventures in Dungeons and selective tidbits related to Fairy
Tail before subtly diverting his attention back to Team RWBY, but I would intervene every
once in a while whenever I noticed that the Cat would attempt to make inquiries about
sensitive topics for them like with losses or failures for the sake of their mental health.
"All in all, a rather entertaining character summary, though I felt some of the character voices
were a bit uninspired. Looking at you, 'Weiss Huntress'." The Cat says upon completing his
main inquiries of Remnant while looking at Weiss at the end.
"Again, it's Weiss. Just Weiss." Weiss says in exasperated annoyance.
"Oh apologies." The Cat chuckles. "To your credit, you certainly know more about the
beginnings of Remnant than Alyx did. That girl could barely see past her own nose."
"What do you mean?" Ruby asked in confusion.
"Oh, you know. Just…hilariously concerned with trivial things." The Cat answered, his
expression and tone growing more annoyed towards the end.
"Yeah, but she learned her lesson in the end, right?" Blake asked in concern.
"I'd certainly say so." The Cat says in amusement.
'Yeah, after you killed her because she showed empathy for her past actions.' I thought about
the dark undertones of the Cat's reply.
"Oh, would you look at that? The edge of the Garden's Acre." The Cat says as we approach a
bridge leading to a colorful forest with plenty of multicolored leaves blowing towards us.
I froze for a second at the breath-taking sight before one of those leaves crashed into my face.
However, upon closer examination of the forest, I noticed something that wasn't in canon:
occasionally sprinkled around the forest and between the trees were large crystal shards of
various colors not unlike the ones in the Red Castle.

[Oof, that's not good]
'No kidding.' I thought in concern before looking at the others. "Guys, when we enter the
forest, make sure you keep your distance from the crystals, and try to keep a calm mind."
"Why do we need to stay away from the crystals or keep calm in the forest?" The Cat asks in
curiosity, being the only one who didn't see the Prince's transformation.
"Those crystals are made of crystallized [Negative Chaos Energy], which responds to the
thoughts and desires of an individual but is fueled by negative emotions and amplifies them.
It's also very corruptive and corrosive in nature." I explained. "In its raw state, the effects can
be unpredictable, but if our encounter with the Red Prince was any indication, it will likely
mutate you into a mad, bloodthirsty monster if you aren't careful." I gave the Cat a stern look,
knowing his true darker side made him particularly vulnerable to corruption, and even his
curiosity could cause trouble if not careful.
Team RWBY, Peter, and even Little shivered at the memory of the Red Prince turning into a
monster and even the Chaos Troll who attacked the town, and subsequently nodded in
understanding.
The Cat though seemed to only grow more curious from my explanation.
"How interesting! And this will happen when they detect negative emotions? Now why
would such a thing happen? Could it be the ever-so-mysterious crack in the sky? Does it only
affect Aferans or any living being? Why do they only react to negative emotions?" The Cat
continues listing his endless questions, earning an annoyed groan from his companions.
[Great. You've made him more annoying than ever]
I let out a deep breath before sternly glaring at the feline. "It will take too long to explain to
you all, and given your insatiable curiosity, something you should rather avoid. The moment
you're exposed to its power, it will amplify your darker impulses while it gradually mutates
your body, turning you into a mad bloodthirsty monster like the Red Prince. Not only that,
but it's extremely addictive, meaning you're likely to keep wanting more until all you feel
is only negative emotions."
The Cat then lets out a huff. "I find that hard to believe. Curiosity never hurt anybody after
all."
"I'm warning you, Cat. This isn't a game." I told him, my words carrying a rare authority.
"The moment you succumb to your negative emotions, you'll only want more. You will turn
into the worst versions of yourselves. And once you turn into a Chaos Monster, I will have no
choice but to put you down."
"And how do you know so much about this energy? Hm?" The Cat asks in a taunting manner.
"Focus on the task at hand and maybe I'll tell you." I said, causing the Cat to sigh.

"You sure drive a hard bargain, but I suppose that's a fair trade." The Cat relents and we
continue on our way.
We pass the bridge and enter the seemingly fluorescent forest, with crystals and mushrooms
lighting our path.
Ruby looks around before her eyes lock on a nearby crystal. For some reason, she can't help
but stare at its flawless clean surface before a cacophony of whispers enter her ears slowly
muting the world around her.
"...by…rub… RUBY!"
"Hm!?" The Red Huntress snaps out of the trance and turns to see Asmodeus.
Blake, Weiss, Yang, Peter, and the Cat stare at her.
"You okay? You froze for a moment." I said.
Ruby nods. "Y-Yeah. Sorry, I'm just a little tired."
"You're not the only one. But we have to keep moving. The soon we find the Rusted Knight,
the sooner we can find a way home." Weiss said.
The four continue the tread forward, and Ruby soon follows after.
"..." I watch Ruby walking off before glancing at the cyan crystal glowing slightly brighter in
Ruby's presence. "I don't like this…"
[We need to keep a closer eye on her]
As we continue the journey onwards, Yang ponders on how this world is so drastically
different from Remnant.
"This world is put together like a bunch of mixed-up puzzle pieces. How does anyone make
sense of it?" Yang asks in confusion.
"Each acre is made for its inhabitants and their roles. Is it not like that on Remnant?" The Cat
asks, with Peter also looking in curiosity.
"N-no." Yang answers.
"How strange. It never even occurred to me to ask that." The Cat replies in an amazed tone.
"Unlike Afterans, beings of other worlds, such as humans or Faunus of Remnant, don't have a
set or pre-defined purpose, nor do they have a custom-designed environment like the Acres.
We forge our own purposes and most frequently travel beyond their homes in a variety of
climates." I explain with clarification, drawing astonishment from the Cat and Peter.
"Really?" Peter asks.

"Yep. We live life as we choose, depending on our circumstances, surroundings, and
experiences." I answer.
"I didn't even know that was possible." Peter says in amazement.
"Freedom and self-autonomy is the right of all sentient beings. We make our own choices and
try to live as we want. And all sentient beings have the capacity for greatness, for change, or
to make a difference." I say, paraphrasing Optimus Prime from Transformers. "Though one
should also take into account that all actions and even inaction can have consequences,
whether good or bad, and can also affect those around you or how others perceive you. And
it's up to you on whether you can accept and deal with said consequences as they occur."
Team RWBY and Peter looked at me in awe, realizing this was another piece of valuable and
inspiring wisdom no doubt meant as one of their 'lessons'.
[Channeling Optimus Prime, while also adding your own wisdom. Nicely done!]
"Sir Asmodeus, do you think I could choose my own purpose rather than one being given to
me? I never received one from the Tree." Peter ponders in wonder.
"Of course. Like us, you and even other Afterans are capable of forging your own paths, and
often the search for the meaning of life is what ironically gives our life meaning to begin
with, as the joy is in the journey and the experiences you face." I say with a gentle smile.
"And even if that wasn't the case, as Augur told you before his own [Ascension], you must
find your own purpose, and the key to doing so is having faith, persevering, and learning
well."
This struck a chord in Peter as he remembered what Augur's final words to him were, before
looking at me with a thankful expression.
We continued walking towards the Garden's Acre, with the Curious Cat continuing with his
babbling, much to our annoyance.
"I have a question I'd like to ask. How much longer until we reach the Rusted Knight?" Weiss
inquired.
"Not long at all! The Garden Market is just down this path, which is one of the most likely
locations to find him." The Cat replies as we cross the bridge to the Garden Acre. "Just don't
go talking to anyone without me. If you're not careful…"
"We might get our heads cut off or deal with Afterans mutating into Chaos Monsters." Blake
answers while shivering at remembering the experiences they had at the Crimson Castle.
"That is how we met, isn't it?" The Cat chuckled. "Ooh, you Remnant folk are such
troublemakers."
"Well, I'm sure we'll cause a lot less trouble if we can avoid Chaos Monsters and find the
Rusted Knight." Weiss retorts.

"Bah. I don't see what all the fuss is about. If I were you, I'd be more worried about... Oh,
who was that scary sorceress you mentioned? Uh... Saleem? Salem? How many more Relics
does she need to end the world again?" The Cat chuckles, not in a mocking way but also not
friendly either. "How are you even supposed to stop her now that Atlas is gone?"
This causes Ruby to stop and grimace in anxiety, causing her teammates and Peter to also
look at her in concern.
"Uh, hey. Rubes?" Yang says in worry about her sister.
"I, uh…" Ruby stutters.
"Maybe we shouldn't worry about home right now? We have enough problems to handle right
now." Blake suggests.
"Best to handle our current problems before you worry about Remnant. Besides, if I can fully
unlock my powers before you guys return, I might be able to give you guys some help to aid
you in defeating Salem and saving your world." I reassure her, drawing looks of shock from
not only Ruby, but also her teammates.
"Wait, really?!" Yang exclaims in surprise.
"You really want to help us fight Salem?!" Weiss says in a hopeful tone, with Blake looking
just as hopeful.
"Shouldn't be too hard. Plus, I've dealt with immortals before. Compared to saving the
multiverse, this should be easy." I said, remembering some enemies that may be considered
'immortal'. "And it's the least I can do, not only for my new friends, but to help a world in
need that was dealt a bad hand by crappy Gods and a bitchy immortal witch."
Without warning, Ruby suddenly tackles me and envelopes me in a tight hug. Or as tight as
she can make it.
"Thankyouthankyouthankyouthankyou!" Ruby says superfast, both happily and with
newfound hope as tears streamed her face.
"No problem, Rubes." I chuckled as I gently patted her head, while her teammates looked no
less overjoyed.
[Should you really be making promises like that?]
'I'm not gonna leave them to deal with Remnant's issues on their own, especially given the
current shitty situation Remnant is dealing with and the possibility the repercussions of the
Genesis Wave will make it worse, like Chaos-mutated Grimm.' I replied. Since the Ever After
and Remnant are connected, it would make sense that what's happening here is also
happening over there too. 'Besides, I can't just abandon them.'
[For someone whose alignment is supposed to be Chaotic-Neutral, you sure are doing a
good job making yourself look like a hero. And what about your girls and friends? Are
you just going to leave them stuck wherever Aincrad took them?]

I flinch a little at that. Tobi was right. I couldn't abandon them, plus there's no
telling where the HADS took the Aincrad. It could have potentially taken them back to
Earthland or another universe entirely. And thanks to this place, I couldn't even check to
make sure if they're alive or dead.
'Just because I'm not afraid to enter morally ambiguous territory when necessary or pursue
opportunities beneficial to me, it doesn't mean I'm devoid of morals and empathy or that I'm
unwilling to help when I deem fit.' I retorted. 'And I'm not going with them to their version of
Remnant. Between all the perks and skills I have, [Charitable Patron, and hopefully with
sufficient [Chaos Energy] from either myself or the Ever After, I can give these girls a really
big boost to help them turn the tide and save Remnant. As for reuniting with the others,
maybe the Tree can help?'
[And what if the Tree can't or simply won't help you?]
'If necessary, a few of the items I keep in my [Inventory] for emergencies might be able to
help. But we'll cross that bridge when we reach it.' I replied.
"Wait, the Cat's gone!" Yang's voice shakes me out of my train of thought and causes Ruby to
let go of me.
I looked down and, sure enough, the Cat was no longer in his spot.
"Oh no! We weren't paying attention! Where did he go now?" Ruby anxiously asks.
"Oh, he saw a bug." Little, who conveniently woke up on Ruby's shoulder, says while
pointing in another direction.
"And you didn't say anything?!" Yang says while glaring at Little.
"Uh, it was a very interesting bug?" Little sheepishly adds, drawing deadpan expressions
from the rest of us.
[That Cat has the attention span of a goldfish]
"Ugh, I'm definitely starting to see why Asmodeus said it would be better to rely on Peter and
the Rusted Knight over the Cat. At least neither of them have the attention span of a
goldfish!" Weiss exclaims in annoyance and frustration.
"You know, I'm sure you could find a goldfish in one of these ponds!" Little offhandedly
adds, causing Weiss to facepalm in annoyance.
"Maybe-" I get interrupted by a deep humming coming from beyond the path.
"What was that?" Weiss asks.
They follow the sound and walk further into the forest, approaching a large, blue glowing
mushroom with a garden in front of it.
"Is this… a garden?" Ruby asks.

"It is beautiful." Peter said.
"It certainly looks like a garden, but... where's that humming coming from?" Blake said.
As they approach a massive pile of leaves, it suddenly starts to rustle before 3 eyes can be
seen from within.
"What are you?" The voice in the leaves asks.
"I'm getting really tired of that question." Ruby sighs in annoyance.
"What question?" The voice says before the owner emerges from the pile of leaves to reveal
an anthropomorphic caterpillar-like creature holding a sack and a rake in each hand.
Team RWBY, Peter and Little jump back in surprise.
"What are you?!" A shocked Yang asks.
"Oh, that question. Isn't it obvious? I'm an Herbalist. The Herbalist. At least, until I'm not
anymore." The newly named Herbalist introduces himself.
"Oh good. All questions answered then." Yang deadpans.
The Herbalist is raking the multi-colored leaves.
Ruby nervously steps forward. "Um, sorry to bother, but uh, my friends and I could use some
help. See, we're trying to get to that giant tree, but…"
"Help?" The Herbalist glances at her. "Ah yes, everyone needs help these days. Everyone…"
I narrow my eyes at the Herbalist's ominous undertone, but it doesn't seem like anyone else
noticed.
A door leading inside the giant mushroom then opens up, and the Herbalist enters, wiping his
hands in the process and putting the sack down. They look up at the giant mushroom.
"Well? Are you coming in? Or aren't you?" The Herbalist asks.
Team RWBY and Peter walk into the hut. However, when Asmodeus was about to step into
the threshold, a rake stops his advance.
"Not you. You are not allowed in here." The Herbalist said.
Ruby turns to the caterpillar man. "Why not?"
"Simple. I can't help him." The Herbalist replies which confuses the girls.
"What do you mean?" Blake asks.
"He is… different from you. His path lies elsewhere, so I can't help him."

[Hm, interesting. He's never behaved like this in the show. I wonder what this means]
"It's fine girls. I'll just go look for the cat in the meantime." I assure them.
"Okay. Be careful." A concerned Ruby said.
I step away from the hut and the door immediately shuts in my face.
"Rude." I said.
[Perhaps we should really look for that cat. There's no telling where that two-faced
feline might have wandered off to]
I delve into the forest. 'Guess so. That damn Cat really needs to stop wandering off, though
he's only proving why we should keep him at arm's length.' I use [Mana Sense] to follow the
Curious Cat's magic signature but it's like finding a needle in a haystack.
'Dammit, the ambient [Chaos Energy] is messing with my senses! I can't pinpoint his exact
location.' I huff in annoyance. 'I would have a much better time if [Radar] was working.'
[I'm working on unlocking {Radar} and some of your other abilities, but they're being
annoyingly temperamental at the moment. Just be a little more patience for now]
"Looking for someone?" A familiar voice pulls me out of my mental conversation as I turn to
see the Jinxy Peddler standing on a tree branch with an amused expression, much to my
surprise.
'Holy shit, how did he sneak past [Mana Sense]!?' I thought in shock, before I became more
guarded and summoned all 7 [Chromas] behind me. "What do you want, and why are you
here?"
"My, such hostility. I only came to talk. Can't we be civilized?" The Jinxy Peddler playfully
asks.
"You lost the right to claim civility when you tried to expose my personal secrets and
antagonized my friend when she wasn't of sound mind." I growled.
"Well, what can I say? Eternity is so dull and stagnant, but games keep existence thrilling and
exciting." He lets out an exasperated sigh. "Unfortunately luck, as the mortals call it, was not
on my side. As soon as I fell into this colourful and rigid world, that troublesome plant
decided to cheat!" He yelled. "She broke me down, sealing off my soul and divinity before
stuffing me into this… Jinxy Peddler you see before you." He says the name with disgust as
his anger continues to rise. "I was reduced to being a plaything for that wretch, forced to play
a 'role' that I couldn't reject. I was left a prisoner in my own body, and that wasn't just boring,
it was madness!" But then a wide smile stretches his face. "But all that changed when the
heavens cracked, und a wave of wonderful energy embraced me, giving me enough strength
to finally break my shackles und become myself again!" He twirls his cane in a playful
manner. "Und what better way to celebrate dann to play a game, ja?"
[Why is he using a German accent all of a sudden?]

I glare at the raccoon. "I didn't come here to play games, you damn rodent."
"On the contrary, if that's true, then all the more reason to play a game with you. Games are
my meat and drink, you see, and nothing makes me feel more alive than with times of
chance." The Jinxy Peddler chuckles, switching back to an English accent. "But the real
question you should be asking is if you are ready to play a game with me and win, or if you're
willing to accept the consequences if you refuse to play?"
I couldn't help but glare at him with distrust and suspicion.
'I just can't put my finger on it. The more he talks, the more familiar he sounds.' I pondered,
but I couldn't figure out why.
I knew he was the 'God of Games' that Augur mentioned, but which one? There are a couple
of characters I know who held that title? But it's been a long time since I've watched those
shows.
'Let's see. "God of Games"? "Eternity is dull and stagnant"? "Games are my meat and
drink"? "Times of chance"? The switching accents. It feels so familiar, but what?' I mentally
scrutinized, before my eyes widened in shock and recognition as I stared at the so-called
'Jinxy Peddler'. 'It can't be!'
"Hm? Are you scared to play with me?" The 'Jinxy Peddler' asked upon noticing my
expression.
"Not scared, just surprised. I knew there was something familiar about your mannerisms, but
I didn't expect this revelation." I said. "I mean, I never expected you to be here in the Ever
After of all places, 'Jinxy Peddler'…or should I call you 'Celestial Toymaker' instead?"
This caused his eyes to widen in shock, before he started to laugh. A very familiar laugh.
"Ha ha HA ha ha -ha ha!" The Jinxy, no, the Toymaker laughed in a basic arpeggio.
[It is him]
"My, I definitely did not see that coming! It's been so long since I have been called that name,
I honestly missed it!" The newly-revealed Toymaker jumps down from the branch and lands
in front of me. "You are definitely full of surprises, though that only proves you are a worthy
challenger! But yes, you are correct."
"But how are you here, in the Ever After?" I asked in curiosity. "You were sealed in your toy
box and bound in salt."
"That is a long story, but one not worth telling now. The board must still be set, if we are
playing a game, after all." The Toymaker says before doing a dramatic bow. "Until we meet
again!"
Before I could continue asking him any more questions, he disappeared in a puff of purple
smoke.

[Well, this is quite the surprise. I didn't think the Toymaker from Doctor Who would be
here in the Ever After as the Jinxy Peddler. Talk about an easter egg, am I right?]
Just then, a rustle in the bushes catches my attention and out strolls the Curious Cat, looking
like he accomplished something big.
"Hm?" He turns and sees me staring down at him. "Oh hello there. Are you here taking a
stroll through the forest as well?"
"Actually, I was looking for you. Did you find the bug you were looking for?"
"Why yes I did. And it was such a beautiful creature." The Cat purred with delight at the
thought.
I arch an eyebrow. "You didn't eat it, did you?"
"By the Tree, no! What manner of cat do you take me for!?" The Curious Cat gasps,
seemingly outraged by the question and I roll my eyes.
"Whatever. I'm here to bring you back to the others. They're with the Herbalist." I informed
him, causing the Cat to freeze in place.
"Y-You left them… with HIM?! Oh no. No, no, no, no!" The Cat runs off and I quickly
follow after him.
"Hey, what's the hurry?" I ask in feigned ignorance.
"We don't have much time if we are to save them! What were you thinking, leaving them
alone with the Herbalist?!" The Cat scolded.
"First of all, you are the last being who should be upset at others for suddenly leaving them
alone considering you literally did just that to chase a random bug. Second, all our
knowledge of the Ever After revolves around either the story of Alyx's journey or Peter's
knowledge, neither of which even mentioned an Herbalist or that he was someone to be
weary of. So what was I supposed to say when I specifically was told my path was
elsewhere?" I retorted with a glare, even though I knew about the Herbalist beforehand, but
knew it was something important for Team RWBY's journey and therefore couldn't interfere.
We get out of the forest and quickly kick down the door of the Herbalist's hut where we see
everyone surrounded in multicolored mist.
"Get away from them!" The Cat yells as he jumps into the mist in front of Team RWBY and
Peter, using his tail to blow away the mist.
"Cough Cough, oh my. That's a bit much." The Herbalist coughs as he clears the mist in his
mouth.
"Oh Herb, look at yourself. You're done. You're supposed to be helping others find their way,
but you've lost your own. Please let me help." The Cat says in a seemingly empathetic

manner as he places his paw on the Herbalist. "And take a little bit of my heart. You'll feel
much better."
The Herbalist gasps as a trail of blue light travels from the Cat's paw up his body to heart and
causes his skin to return to normal.
"I do apologize, I always was a bit of a workaholic. Huntresses, was it? Hm, peculiar things."
The Herbalist apologizes before the ground opens up and swallows him before closing.
Team RWBY looked in horror, while Peter only looked mildly surprised due to being familiar
with [Ascension].
"Oh, I found the Cat." Little, who literally just woke up from another nap, says as he crawls
on Ruby's shoulder.
Team RWBY immediately runs out of the Herbalist's house as quickly as they can before
stopping and panting after running for some time down the path, with Peter and I closely
following them. They looked at each other with troubled expressions, clearly shaken by their
recent experience, with Little putting his paw on Ruby's cheek in a comforting manner.
"I'm so glad the 5 of you are still the 5 of you. Not always the case in the Ever After." The
Cat says in a relieved tone as he follows closely while jumping across the various different
colored mushrooms.
Team RWBY, however, only glares at the Cat as Weiss steps forward and takes a deep breath
through her nose.
"You're the one who ditched us in the first place! Which, by the way, was how we ended up
in that mushroom house to begin with! You know, where that delirious Caterpillar-guy tried
to drug us, and was swallowed up by a freaking hole in the ground?!" Weiss yells at the Cat
in a berating tone while pointing at him.
"Believe me, I scolded him for the same thing." I told them in a sympathetic manner while
looking at the Cat in an annoyed manner.
"Oh yes, yes. Alyx had the same reaction when she saw someone return to the Ever After.
But it's not how it seems. Well, I suppose it is. But not how you think. If you think like Alyx,
which it seems like you do." The Cat playfully explains in a typical amused, unclear manner.
Team RWBY just glanced at each other in shared annoyance and frustration.
"For what it's worth, I had the same reaction when the same thing happened with Augur.
What you guys saw was someone being retrieved by the Tree to undergo [Ascension, which
as I told you before is essentially a process of rebirth for Afterans." I explained helpfully.
"Finally, a helpful explanation! Thank you, Asmodeus!" Weiss thanked, a grateful expression
on her face and those of her teammates.
"Where did you go, Asmodeus?" Ruby asked in curiosity as we followed the Cat, who was
hopping from mushroom to mushroom in the same direction as the trail we were walking.

"I was trying to find the Cat, but I was having some initial trouble, but after I found him and
told him you were with the Herbalist, we ran back here as soon as we could." I said while
looking at Peter, who appeared the least troubled by meeting the Herbalist. "You okay,
Peter?"
"Oh yes, I am fine, Sir Asmodeus. The experience was admittedly a little unsettling, but I
remembered everything you've taught us up until this point and was able to get through it."
Peter says while looking at me in appreciation, causing me to scratch my head sheepishly.
"Oh, don't mention it. I'm always here to help as best I can. I'm glad my advice is proving so
valuable to you and hopefully the others." I say while looking at Team RWBY, who also look
at me with grateful expressions.
"It definitely was helpful, Asmodeus. Your advice is really valuable and something that
helped each of us in that experience." Blake says with her teammates nodding in agreement,
including Ruby.
[Looks like your lessons are paying off, especially for Ruby]
'So it seems. Ruby is certainly more upbeat than before. But I know there is still room for
improvement.' I thought. 'I just hope the Toymaker or these Chaos Monsters don't ruin
everything.'
"Aha, we're here." The Cat says, drawing our attention as we walk behind him. In front of us
was a large lake with an open building-like structure composed of massive lily pads stacked
on top of each other and held up by pillar-like structures, with the top lily having a massive
glowing magenta lotus flower on top of it. The lake was full of smaller but still-large lily
pads that seemed to operate like boats, given that many had Afterans of all sizes and forms
riding them towards the 'building'.
However, one thing we noticed was that there were multicolored crystals sporadically
scattered through the surface of the lake.
Team RWBY made eye contact with me, and a nonverbal understanding was conveyed: stay
away from the crystals.
"Better run." The Cat's voice draws our attention to reveal he had jumped on the nearest giant
lily pad and expected us to do the same, which we promptly did.
"So Cat, Asmodeus gave us a basic explanation of [Ascension] that he picked up from
Augur, but care to give your own explanation?" Yang questioned.
"When we break or wear out or simply finish what we were meant to do, we're called back to
the Tree. But if an Afteran's heart is too weak to listen like with Herb, I give them a little bit
of mine." The Cat explains.
"Do Afterans ever…die, rather than being reborn?" A reluctant Blake asks their "guide".

"No, of course not…well I suppose there is one such creature, but that's not the type of thing
you talk about in polite company." The Cat evasively answers.
"He means the Jabberwalker. Any Afteran destroyed by it isn't reborn. Otherwise, they are
always reborn via [Ascension]. Though it might be different for Chaos Monsters, considering
the corrupting nature of [Negative Chaos Energy]." I clarified for them while staring at
some of the crystals emerging from the water.
"So, what happens when Afterans undergo [Ascension]?" Weiss asks.
"Essentially, they are reborn as another person with their memories wiped clean and a new
appearance, with a possibility of a drastically different personality. All to suit their purpose,
which could be similar to their prior one or completely different, and barring certain
exceptions like the Red Prince, their rebirth is normally for the better." I informed them, since
I knew the Cat wasn't gonna be helpful and it would help avert confusion when we crossed
paths with Jaune.
Soon we approached the lilypad building, which was revealed to be the Garden Market, and
jumped off the lilypad we were riding on.
"So what happened to Herb, is that what happened to the Red King?" Blake asked in
curiosity.
"It was all so very sad. The Red King couldn't cope when he lost to Alyx. A crying mess, but
thankfully he was called back and fixed up. Becoming the Red Prince you met before that
whole monster business started." The Cat explains as he hops all over a nearby tree.
"Fixed up?! The Red Prince was worse! Childish, immature, short-tempered, cruel, selfish,
willing to kill anyone for the slightest transgression or even killing his own innocent citizens
under the guise of 'hospitality'!" Ruby rants in anger as she places a hand on Penny's sword
on her back, still pissed off at the Prince's awful behavior and actions.
"The Red Prince isn't supposed to be nice. He's meant to play the game and win, no matter
what. Or at least until that monster business started." The Cat says.
"So, that's why he cheats when the Red King doesn't. But that doesn't explain why he was so
mean and cruel?" Blake inquires.
"While the Red Prince may not remember Alyx's deception, the heart very rarely forgets."
The Cat answers as it jumps from tree branch to tree branch.
"Powerful emotions like love or hate or fear can leave impressions on the soul that don't
disappear even when one loses their memories via rebirth. And even if you don't explicitly
remember things, you can vaguely remember them, like a dream." I add to help.
We passed by many stalls and many Afterans, including an anthropomorphic blue bird trying
to sell "mud cookies", but we obviously didn't take any since they were made of literal mud.
"But there was nothing about [Ascension] in the story." Blake ponders.

"Of course not! Exposition is terribly boring! And this conversation is, as a whole, rather
tedious!" The Cat playfully retorts as he rides the head of a passing Afteran.
"I wonder what else Alyx left out?" Blake dejectedly asked.
"Like I mentioned before we entered the previous town, you really shouldn't blindly follow a
children's book like a perfect guide. Certain aspects might have been omitted or embellished.
Things like death or blatant character flaws aren't likely to be easily mentioned in fictional
books, especially ones aimed for children. Better to treat that story you all heard as a loose
framework with gaps or minor changes." I warned them, drawing nods of understanding from
Team RWBY.
We continued to make our way through the Garden Market, reaching the second level of it
and passing many booths along the way.
"Well, the Garden Market is one of the best locations to meet anyone across the Ever After,
and I know it's the best place to start looking for the Rusted Knight." The Cat informs us.
'He's not entirely wrong, since I knew Team RWBY found Jaune here in canon, but there's no
telling if the Curious Cat will try to misdirect us due to us explicitly seeking Jaune out or that
the presence of Chaos Monsters might have changed things. Plus, Ruby still needs to meet the
Blacksmith and I likely do as well to figure out the situation with the System, but the
Blacksmith is unlikely to approach us if Ruby's teammates or the Cat joins us due to wanting
to speak to us in private.' I thought before looking at the others. "We should split up to cover
more ground and find the Rusted Knight sooner. Yang, Blake, and Weiss can go with the
Curious Cat, while Ruby, Peter, and Little can come with me."
"Are you sure you want to split up? You could end up lost here, you know." The Cat asks in a
seemingly concerned manner.
"We'll likely be fine. Peter knows much of the Ever After, and something tells me the Rusted
Knight will be easy to spot." I reassure him.
"If you say so. Rubes, be careful and stay close to Asmodeus." Yang tells her sister while she
and the rest of her teammates follow the Curious Cat in another direction.
"Come on, you guys. Something tells me we'll have better luck the higher up we go." I told
Ruby and Peter, drawing nods as we continued walking.
"Onwards!" Little says in a cheerful manner on top of Ruby's head, before promptly taking
another nap, drawing quiet laughter from Ruby, Peter, and myself in amusement.
"Let's see. Rusted Knight, Rusted Knight…" Ruby mutters to herself as she looks from side
to side.
I follow Ruby's lead before noticing a sudden lack of presence, and when I look around, I
find the marketplace empty.
"Ruby, did you-" I stop when I see Ruby and Peter are also missing.

[Something's changed. Don't let your guard down]
However, Tobi's warning is drowned out by the faint banging of a hammer as our
surroundings darken.
My surroundings get darker as I follow the sound and the market gradually disappears from
sight, before a bright orange light catches my attention.
'Here we go.' Before me is a blacksmith shop with a forge and a massive flame inside of it,
with multiple weapons like swords and axes hanging in front of the shop.
[Time to get some answers]
I pass through the threshold and glance at all of the weapons hanging on display; some I
vaguely recognize.
"You are earlier than I expected." A soft female voice says, drawing my attention to see a
metallic figure with a vaguely feminine appearance working in the forge.
Name: The Blacksmith
ERROR!
"Ugh!" As soon as I try to check her profile, my eyes erupt from sudden pain.
"It is rude to stare, young man." The Blacksmith scolds me.
"Blacksmith." I greet with an even tone, unsure of whether to be awestruck or angry.
"How is your journey so far? Do you like it?" The Blacksmith politely asks.
"Not really. Having to babysit a group of traumatized girls was not how I wanted to spend my
day." I bluntly remarked.
"And yet, you still took the role of guardian and teacher." The Blacksmith states. "You watch
them, guide them, nurture them, and protect them. You could have left this world at any
point, but in the end, you chose to be by their side."
"'Left this world at any point?' All due respect, but for a goddess, that's a concerning level of
selective memory or outright bullshit, considering you restricted most of my best abilities,
including all the ones I could've used to leave the Ever After, even if I have ultimately chosen
to help Team RWBY and save the Ever After before returning." I countered with a deadpan.
"If you wanted my help to save the Ever After and Team RWBY, you could've just asked,
rather than restraining most of my power and keeping me prisoner here."
"I apologize, but it was necessary." She began. "You have already noticed the instabilities in
this world, yes? They are the result of the power from another universe, the same power that's
inside you. If I had left you alone, I fear that your presence would have put this land in
danger, whether intentional or not."

"Necessary!? This place is crawling with monsters, there are crystals everywhere that can
mutate you if you so much as have bad thoughts, and now we have sociopathic cat who will
likely kill us the moment we reach the Tree." I snapped at her. "Meanwhile you are here,
hammering away in your workshop while your world is spiraling out of control, and you
except me to magically fix it for you. How am I suppose to do that when you're intentionally
holding me back from doing just that!? Because I want nothing more than to get out of here
and be with my family. A family that I'm not even sure survived because you won't let me
go!" I let out a deep breathe as [Gamer's Mind] quickly quells my emotions. "Look, I'm sure
we could have come up with a solution without the need for all this mystery. The prophecy
was the only reason I had for even coming here in the first place."
"But would you have truly understood if I had done what you said?" The Blacksmith asked.
My expression hardens as I glare at the goddess, who hasn't even turned to face me.
"You know I'm curious, how do you know me? As far as I know, this is the first time we've
ever met and that prophecy Augur gave seemed specifically intended for me to hear." I trot
around the workshop. "Team RWBY, the Curious Cat, Jaune Arc, Neopolitan, hell even the
God of Games himself, all of them seem to be coming to me like I'm some sort of beacon.
And I don't know about the latter, but every single person that I've named so far has one or
two psychological problems. And you plan to use me to get through their issues like some
kind of otherworldly therapist on some hope that they will become better people. Does that
sum it up for you?"
"..." The Blacksmith doesn't respond.
"I'm just gonna say this once: I don't care if you're a goddess, a demon lord, or the
embodiment of this fucking universe. I am NOT a pawn. Not yours, not the Brothers', not the
Cat's, not Ozma's, not Salem's and certainly not the god you turned into a talking racoon." I
said, frustration clear in my tone. "If I find out that this is some elaborate way of turning me
into your champion or something, I will RIP you out by the roots and burn you with the
primordial fires of Hell. Slowly."
*BANG!*
The hammer hits the anvil and stops. For a moment, the forge falls silent.
The Blacksmith finally turns around and faces me for the first time. Her face is angular and
metallic, her eye sockets look to be hollow, and her head is made up of several segmented
metallic plates. She wears a leather apron tied behind the neck and cinched with a belt buckle
around the waist, a pair of large gloves, and a blue bandana tied around her forehead, from
which a chain is draped similar to a braid.
"It seems I have underestimated you. For you to understand the prophecy so thoroughly, it's
clear there is more to you than meets the eye." The Blacksmith compliments while looking at
me with a knowing gaze. "But that doesn't mean I cannot help you strive to your full potential
as well. After all, you yourself have something to hide, Asmodeus…or should I call you by
your real name, Azule Rose?"

I jolt at the mention of that name before straightening myself.
"Azule Rose is dead." I told her.
"Is he now?" The Blacksmith cocks her head. "How can you be so sure?"
"I killed him." I told the golem. Memories of a downed Azule with a hole in his stomach rush
in my mind.
The Blacksmith continues to look at me with an unreadable expression.
"If you truly believe that, then it appears you still have much to learn." The Blacksmith
proclaims. "Azule Rose and Asmodeus are two sides of the same coin; one a vessel, the other
an echo. So long as you two remain separate, then all you will find at the end of your path
is oblivion."
"What the hell does that mean?"
"That is question you need to answer for yourself." The Blacksmith answers. "I will return
some of your powers, but if you wish to ascend to your full potential, you must embrace the
part of you that you still reject and the role you associated with it. Including your mother's
final wish."
She hits the anvil with her hammer and the sparks from the crash suddenly fly towards me
and enter my chest.
Immediately, I felt a familiar rush of power course through me while also making me feel
more whole.
The following are now available:
Supreme Seraphin
Celestial Engineer
Psionic Manipulation
[Wow, she just did something in an instant whereas I was spending hours trying to get it
to work. Is this what it feels like having your pride shattered by someone? I don't like it]
"Consider it a reward for coming this far, and a token of thanks for naturing the young rose."
She said.
"How are you able to manipulate my system like this? Tobi said that no outside force can
control it." I said. "Speaking of which, how are you even still normal despite being right
inside a waterfall of raw [Chaos Energy]? That much energy without proper mastery should
have destroyed your mind."
The Blacksmith puts a finger on her lip. "Your fragment of the Source is wrong. No outside
force below itself cannot control it." She states. "I myself only have minimal access, but that

influence is only thanks to your vulnerable state after the destruction of the Halo Array that I
was able to exploit, though not even I could fully suppress or interfere with it even if I
wanted to. It was always meant to be temporary anyways, to gain your assistance with the
danger plaguing your disciples and the Ever After and also prepare you for the challenges of
the future." She then gives me a small yet smug smile. "As for how I can remain uncorrupted,
that's a trade secret~"
"I sincerely doubt whatever your using will keep the corruption at bay. Chaos crystals have
begun appearing throughout all of the acres I've been to. And it's only matter of time before
the entirety of the Ever After is covered in crystals and its residents become nothing more
than rabid monstrosities."
The Blacksmith smile dies an ugly death at my words. Seems I hit the jackpot.
I approach the Blacksmith and place my hand on her shoulder, before giving her a copy
of [Negative Protection] via [Charitable Patron].
"There. Now you're immune to all forms of negative energy, including [Negative Chaos
Energy] and even [Dark Chaos Energy]." I told her in annoyance. "You're lucky I need you
of sound mind to keep this world stable. Otherwise I would let you and this world rot."
The Blacksmith gives me a playful smile. "You are an awful liar."
[She's got you there, bub]
"I appreciate the gesture nonetheless. Before you return to the others, please take this." The
Blacksmith says before grabbing one of the weapons hanging in her workshop and giving it
to me. It is a black and gold axe, the long handle of the axe is colored black, with gold metal
attached to it, forming a gold curved blade. Near the axe's blade is a trigger for the weapon,
indicating that the other edge of the weapon serves as a rifle. The stock swivels around,
parallel for the blade to extend.
I quickly recognize it as Summer Rose's signature weapon: [Sundered Rose].
I look at the Blacksmith, confusion painted on my face. "What is this?"
"It is your first clue that will lead you to unlock your full potential. Good luck." The
Blacksmith says before the massive flames of her forge suddenly blinded me, and when I
regained my bearings, I was back in the Garden Market.
I turn to my right and see Ruby standing next to me, looking shocked and confused.
"You okay, Ruby?" I ask, causing Ruby to blink and turn to me.
"Uh… yeah." However, her attention quickly shifts to the weapon in my hands. "Where did
you get that?"
"A… Blacksmith gave it to me." I answered which made Ruby curious.

"Huh, I also met a Blacksmith. She asked me if I wanted something new, and if I could
handle my burdens."
"Can you?" I asked and this made Ruby hesitate.
"I-"
"Ruby? Asmodeus?" A familiar voice calls out.
Ruby gets startled just as the Curious Cat leaps towards us.
"Guess you guys had no luck finding the Rusted Knight either, huh?" Yang's voice catches
our attention as we see her, Blake, and Weiss quickly following the Curious Cat.
However, this all changes when Yang eyes the weapon in my hand and suddenly grabs me by
the collar.
"Where did you get that!?" Yang demanded.
"Yang what are you doing!?" A shocked Blake asks her partner.
"Yang let him go!" Ruby said.
"My, what a development." The Cat purrs.
"Answer me! How do you have mom's weapon!?"
"Your mom's? I thought Raven's weapon was a sword." Weiss said, confused as she
remembers the bandit leader fighting with a katana.
"No, not her! Summer! That's her weapon." Yang clarifies, shocking Ruby.
"That's mom's weapon!?" A dumbstruck Ruby yells which earns a nod from her sister.
The Afterans watch the interaction with curiosity and confusion.
"I recognize the scratch patterns on the blade, and there's that little burn mark from when
Ruby played with mom's Dust rounds and almost blew up the living room." A thin line
moves upwards on Yang's face as the memories rush forward, from a happier time. "I... I
never thought I'd see it again…"
"Mom..." Ruby mumbles.
However, this session of melancholy quickly ends and Yang is back to her angered state.
"How and why do you have our mom's weapon?! She's been gone for years! Do you know
where she is or what happened to her?!" Yang demands in an aggressive manner.
I didn't immediately answer, as I was contemplating how best to approach this topic, but the
situation was escalating far too fast for my taste, as Yang was growing increasingly more
hostile by my hesitation.

"Answer us, Asmodeus!" Yang growls as her eyes turn red and her hair ignites.
"Whoa! Calm down, Yang! Asmodeus is our friend! And are you sure that's even your mom's
weapon? She might not have been the only person to possess an axe-rifle." Blake says in my
defense as she tries to de-escalate the situation.
"I could never forget my mom's weapon! She inspired me and Ruby to become Huntresses!
And the design and color scheme are perfectly identical!" Yang retorts.
"Come to think of it, there are some holes in Asmodeus' story. His familiarity with
Faunus, [Silver Eyes], and even the fact he has [Aura] implies he might be from Remnant."
Weiss points out, drawing even more suspicion from her teammates and curiosity from the
Afterans as they all stare at me.
"Okay, okay! Just calm down!" I say while placing my hands up to ease the skyrocketing
tension, though it did little good in the end, causing me to sigh. "Everything I told you guys
about me being a chimera and a traveler of the multiverse was true. All I did was lie about
where I'm originally from."
"So you are from Remnant." Blake confirmed.
"Well, probably not your Remnant but a Remnant nonetheless." I said.
This surprised all of them, though it only made Team RWBY more frustrated.
"Why didn't you mention this from the beginning?" Weiss asks in an accusatory.
"It's... complicated." I told her with a sigh.
"Unbelievable! Why does everything need to be so fucking complicated that almost nobody
can give us a straight answer?! Ozpin was bad enough, even if he was somewhat justified if
Lionheart's betrayal and Ironwood going crazy were any indication, but now this?!" Yang
angrily rants in a tirade.
"Yang, people lie or keep secrets typically for a reason. It may not always be a good reason,
such as avoiding trouble for mistakes, but it's often because it's personal or because the
consequences of the truth are more severe. Not to mention it's often less painful, both for the
individual in question and often for others too." I replied, though that only made her more
frustrated.
"Don't you dare try to avoid the topic, you snake! Either you tell the truth now or you show
me some TEETH!" Yang reels her robot arm back before a hand grabs her forearm.
"Yang stop. Let him go." Ruby orders.
The blonde berserker looks to her sister for a brief moment before pushing Asmodeus away.
Her hair returns to normal but her eyes are still red.
"Tch!" Yang clicks her tongue in frustration.

Ruby steps forward and I almost flinch at the sight of Ruby's empty stare.
"Tell us everything regarding your secret, especially about your connection to our mom."
Ruby says, her demeanor deceptively calm, though I could tell it wasn't a request and I was
obviously on thin ice with Team RWBY.
I sigh in defeat. "Very well. I saw a couple of tree stumps nearby where we could talk. Follow
me."
The group follows me as I lead them to the tree stumps, and they all take their seats.
"Well, start talking." Yang demands and I take a deep breath.
"…Okay. The reason why I have [Sundered Rose] is because the spirit of the Tree gave it to
me. She told me that if I wanted to save this world, I would need to know 'all sides of
myself'." I began.
"Wait, the Tree talked to you?" A skeptical Weiss asked.
"So the Blacksmith was actually the Tree?" Ruby said and I nod.
"Yup." I said. "As for why she gave me her axe, it has to do with my connection to its owner."
I stroke the head of the axe. "Before becoming a traveler, a chimera, a mage. Before anything
really… I was a nameless orphan in some no-named village whose people despised me
because I was the only one born with [Silver Eyes]. They didn't even bother to name me
since I wasn't considered human in their eyes." An empty chuckle escaped my lips as
memories of those days flooded my mind, with [Gamer's Mind] subduing my bubbling rage
and resentment as I continued. "I was made their slave. For the majority of my childhood, I
spent my days collecting trash and human waste while only given moldy food just to survive.
I was ridiculed, used as target practice, and if I got 'lucky', they would beat me within an inch
of my life because they could not stand the sight of my eyes."
Team RWBY is left mortified by what they hear. Ruby is particularly shocked by the sheer
abuse Asmodeus went through just because he was born with [Silver Eyes]; they didn't even
give him a name!
Yang felt like she had stepped on a landmine. She had already labeled Asmodeus as a
deceitful guy because he kept secrets like Ozpin, but now realized why he never told them
anything and felt regretful for treating him like a bad guy.
Weiss sucked in her teeth at the revelation. She thought her childhood was bad because of her
fractured family and everything else she had to go through after, but now realizes that even
now, she still lived a privileged life while Asmodeus got the short-end of the stick.
Blake felt sympathy for Asmodeus, comparing his life to the many Faunus who are abused by
humans because they are different. How could they do such a thing to one of their own, and a
literal child nonetheless? It makes her wonder whether humans would discriminate against
their own had her kind never appeared. The idea was simply mind boggling and
it disgusted her.

Peter and Little didn't seem to understand what was happening, primarily due to their
sheltered lives.
The Curious Cat, however, seemed jubilated at the story and seemed hungry for more.
"But… this all changed one day." This snaps the Huntresses out of their thoughts. "I don't
know how or why, but a mob of villagers showed up and tried to kill me." This earns a gasp
from the girls. "They chased me around the village like an animal, using rocks and sharp
objects to hurt me, eventually managing to corner me in some back alley. I thought I was
going to die by those monsters, and for a moment there, I was content to let it all end until," a
thin line stretches upwards in a smile. "... she appeared."
"Mom." Ruby surmises and I nod.
"Summer Rose had apparently been in Anima on some mission and was dealing with Grimm
along the way when she crossed paths with my village and discovered what the villagers
were doing. Needless to say, she was horrified and outraged by what she saw and
incapacitated the villagers before taking me away and nursed my injuries." I say with a sad
smile. "Afterwards, she decided to adopt me on the spot without so much as giving me time
to argue. She even gave me a new name: Azule Rose."
This caused Team RWBY to grow even more shocked, though none more so than Ruby and
Yang as they realized the implications of this revelation.
"Azule…Rose? You're our brother?" Ruby says as she tries to process this, with Yang being
too shocked to say anything herself.
'Azule Rose.' Yang tested the name in her mind. Yep, that's definitely something Summer
would come up with.
"She never got the chance to legally adopt me, but yes." I confirmed. "She reassured me that I
wouldn't need to suffer like that ever again and that I would even have a family from now on.
She would tell me stories about her family, how she was the mother of two wonderful girls
and was married to a kind man and had a dusty teammate who smelled like a brewery all the
time."
Ruby and Yang giggled a bit at the jab at their uncle and how close to the mark it was.
"So what…happened?" Yang says as she tries to regain her bearings, although she had a bad
feeling she wouldn't like the answer.
No sooner did she ask that, the atmosphere around Asmodeus became more oppressive and
everyone around him tensed.
"Salem. Salem happened." I nearly let out a sneer at saying that name. "Just as we were
nearing the coastline of Anima to board a boat to Sanus, we were attacked by a psychotic
Scorpion Faunus named Tyrian Callows." The name immediately caused Team RWBY's eyes
to widen. "He revealed that he had been tracking Summer as part of Salem's efforts to kill
all [Silver-Eyed Warriors], and was overjoyed that he had found her. Summer told me to

run, but I protested and wanted Summer to run away with me, but she told me that as a
Huntress, it was her job to protect the innocent and stop people like Tyrian, plus it was a
mother's duty to protect her children." I let out a deep sigh. "I hid in some bushes and
watched Summer fight off Tyrian. At first, she was winning until a pack of Beringels
appeared from nowhere and ambushed her. She fought them and Tyrian who used that
moment to stab her with his stinger and pump her with poison, yet even then she still
managed to take down most of the Grimm."
"So, mom won?" Ruby optimistically asks and I narrow my eyes.
"Of course not. She was overwhelmed and captured." I reveal which made the girl flinch.
"After that, Tyrian took out this Grimm orb thing, and it started talking to Summer, who she
identified as Salem. She told her that Ozpin was hiding things from her and that she'll show
her the truth if she joins her. Summer rejected the offer and she was promptly strangled to
death. That's when my [Silver Eyes] activated for the first time and it turned the Grimm to
stone. Tyrian found me and proceeded to give chase until he cornered me at the edge of a
cliff. He was going to use his stinger to poison me, but the cliff I was standing on gave way
and I fell, but not before he gave me one lasting gift." I caress the faded scar on my left
cheek.
The group stared at him in bated, suffocating silence.
The truth of Summer's fate, or at least a version of her, crashes down on Team RWBY, with
Ruby and Yang both falling to the ground on their knees from the tree stumps, with Weiss
and Blake stepping up and kneeling to comfort their respective partners.
[I think that was too much information. Maybe you should stop for now]
'No. They wanted the truth, I'll give them exactly what they asked for.' I thought. "When I
woke up, I was somewhere in the forest, miraculously still alive. Summer, the one person
who gave me love, my happiness, my everything, was dead. At that point, all I felt was a
burning rage so I decided to train. I made the forest my home and trained my body in any
way I could think of with only one goal: kill Salem."
"You never left the forest? Not even to find us?" Ruby asks, a little hurt that he never went to
look for them.
"Of course not. If I had shown up on your doorstep and proclaimed myself as your brother,
you two would have demanded where Summer was or more likely blamed me for her death."
I said.
"We would never do that!" Yang denied.
"Oh really!? Because after that outburst of yours a few minutes ago, I will have to
respectfully disagree!" I yelled, causing her and Ruby to flinch in shame at my valid point,
before [Gamer's Mind] calmed me down. "Anyways, I spent every waking moment training
and killing Grimm in every thinkable way. My own anger and thirst for revenge was a beacon
that drew Grimm to me, and I used that to make sure that no Grimm ever escaped my sight. I
suppose my actions must've had a significant impact, because a team of Huntsmen came to

the forest to investigate. When they found me, they were so impressed with my innate talent
and strength that they took me directly to Leonardo Lionheart, who initially came off as
sympathetic and supportive to me as a sort of surrogate uncle. He gave me food, a warm bed,
and a working bathroom. He even gave a recommendation to attend Sanctum Academy to
start training as a Huntsman before eventually attending Haven, where I befriended the
people who would become my teammates."
"Wait, headmaster Leonardo Lionheart was your surrogate uncle?" Weiss exclaims in
surprise, with her and the rest of her teammates scowling at the memory of the cowardly and
traitorous headmaster.
"Unfortunately yes, and it ultimately came back to haunt me. A few years into my enrollment
at Haven, my teammates and I had gone on what was seemingly a standard Grimm
extermination mission. But it all went wrong so quickly." I growled. "We were hunted down
by Tyrian Callows and an associate of his named Hazel Rainhart, with the former killing my
teammates while the latter tried to kill me, though not before I figured out that Lionheart had
betrayed us to Salem."
"What happened afterwards? You clearly survived based on the fact that you're with us?"
Ruby inquired, holding back the horror and pity she felt at the fact that her newly-revealed
brother had been betrayed by Lionheart and lost his teammates.
"Hazel broke my neck and left me for dead, but not before breaking every other bone in my
body." I said, surprising everyone.
"H-He broke your neck…? H-How-" Ruby began.
"How are you still alive?" A pale Blake inquired and I shrugged.
"I don't know. I was literally on death's door, and my [Aura] was kaput." I said. "I wanted
power, power to destroy everyone who hurt me. Next thing I knew, I was fully healed but I
didn't have any memories and my [Aura] was locked." I snort. "You could say I was reborn."
"Reborn?" Ruby asked in confusion, before a look of realization appeared on her face. "Wait,
is that how you became a chimera, have access to magic, and travel the multiverse?"
"Yeah, pretty much. I don't understand all the details myself, but needless to say, I was
essentially a completely different person, to the point I adopted the name 'Asmodeus' and
kept it even after regaining my [Aura] and memories." I replied, obviously keeping the finer
details of [The Gamer] to myself since they wouldn't understand and nobody needed to
know, anyways.
Team RWBY sat there, processing all of the revelations they received, while the Afterans
looked in fascination.
"My goodness, Asmodeus, or should I say 'Azule Rose'! Your story is even more fascinating
than what Team RWBY told me! The twists, the hardships, the tragedy, and so much more!"
The Cat remarks in amazement, though I only glare at him.

"Shut it, you damn feline." I growled before sighing and looking at Team RWBY. "So, that's
more or less my true story. I'm sorry that I withheld it from you all, but after hearing all of it,
I'm sure you can understand why I kept it a secret."
"That's an understatement. While I don't necessarily condone the fact that you hid it from us,
I understand why and I can't really blame you, especially since I also experienced
discrimination and betrayal before arriving at Beacon. I even hid my own past and the fact
that I was a Faunus from my teammates too, so I can't judge you." Blake remarks, drawing a
nod of agreement from Weiss.
"We all have things we may not be proud of or regret or may be too painful to talk about, and
it's easy to understand why you held off on telling your true origins." Weiss agreed.
I look at them gratefully before looking at Ruby and Yang.
"And what about you two? Now that you know what you know, do you blame me for your
mother's death?" I ask them, causing them to look at each other before looking at me.
"…I could never blame you for Summer's death, even if it wasn't our Summer. But I
understand why you kept it from us." Yang sighs before making eye contact with me. "After
everything you've done for us and for Mom's sake, I'll give you one chance to be a brother to
us, but if you hurt us or lie to us about something extremely important again, you can forget it
and expect an ass-kicking instead."
"Guess I deserve that, but thanks, Yang." I gratefully bow my head before looking at Ruby.
"I would be lying if I said learning about what happened to mom or the fact that we have a
long-lost brother who never reached out to us wasn't painful." Ruby starts, causing me to bow
my head in understanding before Ruby continues. "But you've been nothing but helpful to us
since we met and even offered to help us beat Salem. And if Mom believed you would be a
good older brother to us, then I'll believe in her."
I smile in gratefulness, though I did mentally notice that some of the light Ruby had regained
on our journey had dimmed.
'…Guess I should be lucky they ultimately forgave me and are still willing to work with me,
but the truth has clearly undermined some of the progress I made with Ruby.' I mentally sigh.
[We still got time to help her overcome her issues before she returns to Remnant, so
don't give up now]
Our attention suddenly shifted as we heard fireworks going off in the sky.
"Whoa, is there some sort of celebration?" Weiss asked in curiosity, but the frightened look of
the Cat and the screaming of panicking Afterans running away indicated otherwise.
"No, it's certainly NOT a celebration! We all need to run!" The Cat exclaims as we see
multiple copies of the mutated Jabberwalker following the panicking crowd.

"What do we do?! We couldn't even handle one Jabberwalker, let alone several!" Weiss cried
out.
"Help the Afterans in the Garden Market escape from the Jabberwalkers. Remember, any
Afteran consumed or destroyed by it cannot undergo [Ascension, meaning it's over for
them." I told them in an assertive tone that left no room for argument.
"But Asmo-, Azule, even you haven't fought more than one Chaos Monster at a time!" Yang
says in concern for her newfound brother.
"You girls have yet to see my full strength, and I regained some of my power from the
Blacksmith after talking with her. Besides, doing the impossible is my specialty." I smirked
before transforming into my [Supreme Seraphim] form. The appearance of my angelic form
was nearly identical to my [Fallen Seraphim] form with white hair and 16 wings, except the
white wings were now multicolored and constantly shifting color like an aurora and a golden
halo above my head.
My transformation drew looks of surprise from Team RWBY and our Afteran companions,
with the former 4 lightly blushing at my appearance.
"Still doubt that I was a hybrid of 6 different races?" I say in a calming and caring tone laced
with amusement, causing them to regain their bearings as my expression turns serious. "I'll
hold them off. Just get everyone out of here."
This causes all of them to nod in agreement and run off to help evacuate the Afterans, while I
turn and head to the Jabberwalker clones.
"If you can hear me, Neo, you're blaming the wrong people for Torchwick's death, as the
blame ultimately falls on Salem for commanding the Grimm hoards that attacked Beacon.
You can take a stand against her for ALL the suffering and death she's caused over the years.
But I know you won't listen and we're past the point of peacefully resolving this now." I told
the Jabberwalker clones before summoning all 7 [Gacha Blasters] and charging them with
the divine power of my Angelic form. "So let's dance, bitch."
The stampede of Jabberwalker clones immediately charged at me, but I immediately blasted
them with supercharged shots from the [Chromas] that destroyed most of them, with the
surviving copies getting close before being telekinetically stopped mid-air via [Psionic
Manipulation] while I created 2 light-swords with my Angelic power to unleash a flurry of
slashes, causing them to break like glass… or a mirror.
'The evolution of Neo's [Semblance] definitely allows her to make multiple copies of equal
strength to the original and manipulate her surroundings, but they thankfully aren't as
durable as the original.' I thought in relief as more Jabberwalkers started to appear.
[Definitely a good thing you sent Team RWBY away. They couldn't handle the hoard of
regular copies in canon or even the original mutated Jabberwalker, so they wouldn't
last 10 seconds against these copies]

'It reminds me of fighting the Wolfen copies of Aldoron, though thankfully more fragile and
more predictable.' I remark.
I send a wave of [Dark Matter] to restrain the various Jabberwalker clones, before picking
them off with the [Chromas].
'This almost feels too easy, even with Neo having Chaos Monsters to turn into.' I thought in
boredom.
[You still hold a level disparity against the Chaos Monsters you have faced up until now.
But don't jinx it! For all we know, Neo might get a power boost or an additional
evolution to her Semblance due to the Chaos Energy present in the Ever After]
'Oof, touché. Better wrap this up and help the others.' I reply before using [Psionic
Manipulation] to telekinetically crush all the Jabberwalker copies I could sense, before
flying to the air and trying to sense Team RWBY.
'There they are!' I thought upon sensing the magic signature of the Cat and Penny's sword
before flying in said direction, bringing me to the highest levels of the Garden Market.
When I arrived, I saw Team RWBY, Peter, Little, and the Cat in front of a figure wearing an
old and rusty set of armor right next to a large Jackalope-creature who was guiding the
Afterans down a hidden path to safety.
"Azule!" Ruby says in relief upon seeing me fly in, drawing everyone's attention as I land in
front of them.
'I'll definitely need to get used to them calling me "Azule" instead of Asmodeus.' I thought as I
reverted back to my normal appearance before getting tackled by Ruby and trapping me in a
vice-like hug.
I smile and pat her back. "I'm fine, and I'm glad you all are okay with all the Afterans. And it
looks like you found the Rusted Knight."
"You should have seen him! The Rusted Knight heroically charges in and tackles one of the
Jabberwalkers before helping us guide the Afterans to safety!" Blake gushed as she looked at
the individual in question in a fangirl-like way. "I honestly don't believe it! The Rusted
Knight, in person! It's a huge honor to meet you!"
[Oh boy, will she be in for a surprise when she learns who he is]
The Rusted Knight simply turned to his Jackalope steed and pets it on the head, causing it to
purr.
"You did good, Juniper." The Rusted Knight says in appreciation before taking off his helmet
and turning back to us, revealing him to be an older Jaune Arc with long blonde hair with a
few white streaks, a ponytail, and even a beard, who stares at them all with a nostalgic
expression.
Name: Jaune Arc

Title: Vomit Boy, Runaway, Faker, Killer, Rusted Knight
Affiliation: Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former), Team JNPR (Former),
Team RNJR
Level: 87
HP: 55,321
MP: 0
SP: 61,211
AP: 288,432
Thoughts about you: Wants to know who and WHAT you are and your relationship
with Team RWBY
[That's a lot of Aura for someone of his level]
"Team RWBY, you finally made it." The Rusted Knight, Jaune, said with a deep, smooth
voice.
Team RWBY gasps in shock at the revelation of the Rusted Knight's true identity.
"Ah, Jaune! It has certainly been an indeterminate amount of time since we last saw each
other! So, how have you been?" The Cat says in a playfully cordial tone like speaking to an
old friend, breaking Team RWBY from their shock.
"Wait, you knew Jaune was the Rusted Knight!? And you didn't say anything, even though
we clearly mentioned him when talking about Remnant!?" Yang says in disbelief, knowing
that Jaune was definitely mentioned in their conversations with the Cat.
"You only asked me to lead you to the Rusted Knight. You never asked me who the Rusted
Knight is." The Cat states which makes the girls laugh sheepishly.
[He's got them there]
Jaune's expression immediately turns murderous at the sight of the Cat and quickly draws his
broken sword.
"You! What the hell are you doing here?!" Jaune growls with vitriol, drawing surprise and
concern from the others.
"Woah, Jaune! Calm down!" Blake says in an attempt to de-escalate the situation, though it
did no good in the end, especially since the Cat's amused expression was practically taunting
Jaune.
"Blake, get back! You don't know what this monster is capable of!" Jaune yelled.

"How could you say that to me, Jaune? After all we've been through. Truly, my feelings are
hurt." The Cat wipes a stray tear from his eye.
Jaune looks like he is about to burst, but before he can do anything, a hand stops him.
"Okay, Okay! Break it up, you two!" I get between Jaune and the Cat, drawing everyone's
attention.
"And who are you?" Jaune asks, trying to control his tone despite his clear anger.
"Someone who will beat your ass six ways to Sunday if you DON'T. CALM. DOWN!" I
hissed.
Jaune glares at me before sheathing Croea Mors.
"Thank you. And was the taunt really necessary?" I ask the Cat.
"Not really, but it's been so long since I've seen my old friend, I just couldn't resist." The Cat
giggled.
"We are NOT friends." Jaune growled.
"Enough. Whatever issues you have with the feline can wait until after we evacuate all of the
Afterans." I said.
Jaune looked like he wanted to argue more, but I silenced him with a glare. He concedes and
walks towards Juniper before looking back at Team RWBY.
"It's great to see you all again, and we have a lot of catching up to do. But once we get the
Afterans evacuated, there are things you need to know, particularly regarding the story of
Alyx and the Cat here." Jaune informs them while glaring at the Cat in the end.
Team RWBY glanced at each other, curious about the reaction, though they remembered
Asmodeus/Azule's warning about needing to be wary of the Cat, and it appears he was right
if Jaune's reaction was any indication.
"GGGGRRRRAAAARR!"
"!?" Everyone stops in their tracks by the screeching noise.
"W-What was that!?" A frightened Weiss asks.
"S-Scary!" Little ducks inside Ruby's hoodie.
Peter clings tightly to my pant leg like a lifeline, trembling in fear.
The Curious Cat slowly trods back before leaping into the bushes.
"Hey, where do you think you're going!?" Yang yells but the Cat is long gone.

Jaune, without a word, leaps on Juniper and they dash forward, leaving his shocked friends
behind.
"Jaune!" Ruby screams his name but is completely ignored.
"He's going to the source of the noise. We should follow him." I said and everyone nods.
We all follow after Jaune's trail and as we do the land becomes more damaged with the trees
and giant mushrooms devoid of their luster.
It's almost like they're been completely drained of life.
We arrive in a clear where we quickly find an injured Juniper and Jaune struggling against a
dragon seemingly comprised entirely of crystals.
"A DRAGON!?" Weiss yelled. "Since when does the Ever After have dragons!?"
"Since now apparently!" Yang adds.
I narrow my eyes as I attempt to scan the creature but instead I get this.
Name: ERROR
Title: ERROR
Affiliation: ERROR
HP: ERROR
MP: ERROR
SP: ERROR
AP: ERROR
Thoughts about you: n/a
'Oh, that's never a good sign.'
[I can't get any information out of it. The Chaos Energy comprising its body is causing
too much interference]
"Jaune!" Ruby calls out.
Jaune gives the reaper a side glance. "Stay where you are, Ruby!"
"But we can help!" Blake argues.
The dragon reels its head back before unleashing an azule blaze directly towards us!
However, Jaune rushes in and uses his shield to protect us from incoming attack.

"Geh!" He swallows his screams as he stands firm despite the intense heat he is enduring.
When the attack ends, Jaune drops his sizzling shield and falls to his knees, his armor
becoming much darker due to the extreme heat.
"Jaune!" Team RWBY quickly goes to Jaune's aid while I stand rooted in place.
Name: Jaune Arc
Title: Vomit Boy, Runaway, Faker, Killer, Rusted Knight
Affiliation: Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former), Team JNPR (Former),
Team RNJR
Level: 87
HP: 23,012
MP: 0
SP: 31,000
AP: 8,432
Thoughts about you: none
[That fire attack should have incinerated him, yet all it did was significantly drain his
Aura. Truly, Jaune's Semblance is really broken]
"Aw, would you look at that~? Jaune is still trying to pretend to be a Hero by protecting his
friends. Too bad it's pointless and doesn't change the fact that he's a failure who can't save
others when it matters most." A female voice mockingly remarks, drawing our attention to
the source, only for Team RWBY to gasp in shock and horror while I narrow my eyes.
Walking from behind the crystal dragon is a female figure with pale milky-white skin, long
red hair tied into a ponytail, emerald green eyes with slitted pupils similar to those of a cat or
reptile and black sclera, and red facial markings with black veins on her exposed thighs. Her
attire consists of a form-fitting red, black, and silver armor that made her E-cup breasts more
profound, black combat boots with red gems attached to the upper part of the boot and two
black stockings with red gems just below her waist, a black/silver bracelet on the upper part
of her left arm, and ragged red scarf around her neck. She holds a black spear on her right
hand and a spiked black shield with a Beowulf motif on her left.
"P-P-Pyrrha…?" A shocked Ruby whispers out.
Pyrrha(?) smiles and gives the Huntresses a friendly wave. "Hello again!"
Author Notes

And this covers episodes 3-5.
I have nothing to say here, except SUMMER VACATION IS HERE BABY!
As always, leave a comment; don't care what it is.
Peace~

Chapter 36: Ever After: Harbinger of Despair
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
Aincrad – Cerebro
Kisuke Urahara works on the massive apparatus in the center of the room with equipment
and tools spread across his feet.
"Maa, maa, this is gonna be a doozy. And are you sure you can't help out, Church?" Kisuke
asks as he pulls out a panel with some wiring.
A small hologram of Church appears next to him. "Yeah no. Fixing stuff was Tex's thing. I'm
just the charming ghost leader of the Blue Team."
"You do know you're not a ghost, right?" Kisuke asks and the AI scoffs.
"What would you know? I bet you haven't seen a single ghost in your life."
"I have. Many times." Kisuke said. He didn't understand Church's obsessive need to identify
itself as a ghost, when in reality he was an Artificial Intelligence: a computer program based
on the human mind.
He also didn't understand why Sigma decided to switch with Lamy, it was so spontaneous
that Kisuke didn't have time to argue, but he let it go because he thought Alpha, or Church as
he calls himself, may be just as helpful.
Unfortunately for him, Church has proven to be the complete opposite. He is annoying,
stubborn, and very, very vulgar. He has dropped over 20 F-bombs in under 5 minutes, has
been absolutely no help with understanding Cerebro's complex systems, and he keeps trying
to justify his "ghostly status".

'I have the patience of a saint. You, however, are putting that to the test.' Kisuke thought with
subtle annoyance.
As the two continue bickering, a black blur passes by causing Kisuke to stop and smile.
"Well hello, Yoruichi-san! Fancy seeing you down here. How was your vacation in
Elentear?"
A small black cat slowly walks into view as the two turn around to face it.
"Is that a fucking cat? Where did it come from?" Church asks.
"My, you're a vulgar little thing, aren't you?" The cat says in a male deep voice, surprising
Church.
Church slowly leans closer to his partner. "... did that cat just talk?"
"Yes, she does that a lot." Kisuke responds with a grin.
"THAT THING'S A GIRL!?" Church exclaims.
"How rude, calling me a thing like I'm some kind of animal." Yoruichi scolds as she stretches
her body. "As for your question, it was good. Selene's hot springs were truly something else. I
feel 200 years younger."
"Damn you're old." Church remarks, but one glance of Yoruichi's death glare quickly shuts
the AI up.
"Really? I wish I could have joined you, then. It has been a while since I enjoyed a nice soak
in a hot spring, and the exceptionally beautiful company would have been an extra bonus."
Kisuke joked upon remembering how extremely beautiful almost all the girls were, though
Yoruichi only looked at him with a deadpan in her cat form.
"If you did that, the other girls wouldn't hesitate to give you a beating like we did with that
old pervert Elefseria." Yoruichi warned. "Just because I might be used to your eccentric
antics doesn't mean the other girls will be as understanding or forgiving, especially after all
the shit we've been through. Many of them are quite trigger-happy at the moment."
"How are the girls doing, out of curiosity? It has been some time since I last saw them after I
helped Lamy, 21, Yuko-san, and the duo of nurses examine them to ensure there were no
lasting side effects from the modifications and stabilizing the members of Diabolos." Kisuke
noted, having participated in checking on all those who were modified by Rusty and Towa.
Rustyrose and Towa left them with lots of scars; more psychological than physical. You don't
have to be a medical genius like Unohana to know just how traumatized these women are
after going through all of that.
"They're fine, but deeply traumatized. Being treated like a lab rat for sick, torturous
experiments would do that to you." Yoruichi said, her voice becoming more detached as she

continued. "They hide it well but the signs are still there. Hell, even I've had a few panic
attacks while in Selene's palace, nearly gouging out a maid's eyes by mistake."
"... Are you alright?" Kisuke gently asks and the cat sighs.
"Yeah. Emma, Jean, Vados, and Marcarita have helped us cope with the trauma, and it has
been successful. But I still get phantom pains from time to time. Emma assures me that they'll
fade with time." Yoruichi said.
"Is that why you are in cat form?"
"Partially. Also because I don't have any clothes that fit me since my old clothes were
shredded from the fight." Yoruichi said.
"Maa, Maa~ Since when do you care about people seeing you naked? I know how much you
love showing off your body~" Kisuke chirped.
"Well, Rusty killed it for me. Now I can't stand the idea of being naked in front of men."
Yoruichi growled.
"That's likely just the trauma talking~" Kisuke sings before a wave of killer intent hits him in
the face.
"HOW ABOUT YOU KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT AND MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS
FOR ONCE!?" Yourichi hissed, her back hunched up and fur on end.
Church gets in between the two ex-[Shinigami]. "Stop it! Stop lashing out on the
buckethead."
Yoruichi hissing intensifies.
"... I know what it's like to be used, to be tortured." Church began. "I was forced to do terrible
things. Things that would break you to pieces, but I didn't let it weigh on me. There are things
worth holding onto that can lessen the pain, but you can't forget it. You just have to remember
why it can't break you."
Kisuke was surprised by the AI's words. "Church-"
"Don't get used to it. I was never the emotional type anyway, that was more Donut and Doc's
thing." Church told him. "And Caboose too I guess, but he's an idiot."
Yoruichi looks down sullenly and in shame. "... I'm sorry."
"No, I shouldn't have brought it up in the first place. You're still in the middle of healing, and
I was being an idiot for acting like nothing was wrong." He said in a more serious and
sympathetic tone. "But at least you're acknowledging that you're having issues, and that's the
first step to overcoming them."
Yoruichi scoffs. "What are you now, my therapist or something?"

Kisuke laughs. "Nope! Can you imagine me as a therapist? I'd probably have a mob on my
doorstep after my first day!"
The two laugh for another minute before it dies down.
"Say." Yoruichi stares at the two. "What can you two tell me about this Asmodeus guy?"
"He's an okay guy, I guess. Better than the idiots I'm used to. Way better." Church says.
"Hm?" Kisuke thinks for a moment. "Well… I only got to meet him for a short time, and that
was with just a clone of him. But from what I could tell, he was a reliable kid with a
mysterious past. I couldn't sense his [Reiatsu] at all, though that may be because it wasn't
really him." He speculates before continuing. "He's also very intelligent, if Lamy's ramblings
were anything to go by." He states. "Did you know that the kid built this entire fortress by
himself in less than a week? Apparently, he has some kind of power that allows him to
manipulate matter and turn it into whatever he wants. It would explain why this place feels
so alien to me. I'd love to discuss this with him in the future." He said. "But what brought this
up?"
"I'm just curious about what kind of person he is. The other girls who know him can't stop
talking about him with his harem and learning more about him has been helping all of them
cope with their trauma." Yoruichi notes with a smirk. "You should have seen Kirio. Despite
everything, she couldn't stop gushing about him and even went as far as stating she wanted
him to be her future husband."
"I dunno if I should envy or pity Asmodeus-san. She may be regarded as the most beautiful
Shinigami in the Soul Society prior to joining the Royal Guard, but she was known for
having a rather poor love life." Kisuke jokes.
"Careful, Kisuke. If Kirio hears you talking about her like that regarding her love life, she
won't hesitate to kill you or at least beat you within an inch of your life." Yoruichi teases,
knowing Kirio's love life was a sore topic for her and was even more intimidating than
Unohana when it was brought up.
"Are you going to join his harem, Yoruichi-san?" Kisuke asks and the cat chuckles.
"Maybe, but I'd like to withhold my decision until after I meet him. Though if what Emma
showed us about him was any indication, it would definitely be more than worth it." Yoruichi
shrugs.
"What did she show you?" Kisuke inquires.
"Through her [Telepathy] , she showed us all of the 'intimate' moments some of the girls had
with Asmodeus. And if even 10% of what I saw was real, Asmodeus would be the catch of a
lifetime." Yoruichi says, remembering how the other girls were either blushing messes or
were eagerly discussing what sort of naughty things they could do with him upon his return.
"Well congratulations, then. I hope you all have a happy future together." Kisuke says and
Yoruichi rolls her eyes.

"Knock it off. We both know romance isn't your thing." Yoruichi says.
"So I don't have to pretend? Thank goodness." Kisuke says, letting out a dramatic sigh as he
continues his work. "... are you my Yoruichi?"
Yoruichi doesn't respond as she herself doesn't know how.
"I can't help but be curious. Before Asmodeus summoned me, I believed the Multiverse
Theory was just that: a theory. But now that I know of the existence of infinite universes and
timelines, there's no telling if we come from the exact same universe AND timeline." Kisuke
explains.
"Ever the scientist I see." Yoruichi remarks. "But from what I heard from Shizuka-san and
that Avalon girl, Rusty and Towa kidnapped us specifically for not just our looks, but because
we would be the perfect counter against Asmodeus' allies. Almost all of us have a connection
with them, either as friends, coworkers, family and so on." She continues. "The fact that you
conveniently appeared long after Kirio and I were kidnapped makes me think it wasn't a
coincidence, given that I'm your lifelong friend and Kirio was Captain of the 12th Division
before you and a close friend of ours."
"Lady Avalon also mentioned those suspicions to me, and there's likely at least some
credibility to it, so I guess it would be likely we came from the same world." Kisuke
acknowledges before the exposed panel suddenly lights up and explodes, sending him flying
towards her.
Yoruichi moves out of the way just as Kisuke collides face-first on the hard metal floor.
"Holy shit!" Church exclaims.
"Kisuke! Are you okay?!" Yoruichi asks in concern before Kisuke gets up to reveal he was
mostly fine besides his soot-covered back.
"Yeah, I'm okay. It'll take more than that to seriously hurt me, but it shows that repairing the
Aincrad without Asmodeus won't be easy." Kisuke sighs.
"Well, I'm gonna go back to Elentear and check up on the girls. Jean and the others will be
starting their next therapy session soon." Yoruichi then vanishes in a blur.
"So… that happened." Church remarks as Kisuke gets up and walks back to his workstation
and finds it fried.
"Well, there's nothing we can do about it." Kisuke sits back down and looks at the fried
circuitry. "Let's see what I can do about it."
"P-P-Pyrrha…?" A shocked Ruby whispers out.
"Pyrrha" smiles and gives the Huntresses a friendly wave. "Hello again!"

The four Huntresses didn't know what to think. Here, just standing a couple feet was Pyrrha
Nikos, their friend and former member of their sister team JNPR, who died at the hands of
Cinder Fall during the Fall of Beacon.
"What's the matter, Ruby? Are you not excited to see your old friend? Or do you still feel bad
for leaving me to die by Cinder's hands?" The Pyrrha-lookalike mockingly asked.
This made the four girls flinch, but none were more affected than Ruby herself who was there
when Cinder turned her to ashes.
I was just as surprised as they were. But what really disturbs me is the sheer concentration
of [Negative Chaos Energy] rolling off her in spades. The hairs on my neck stand to end.
Name: "Pyrrha Nikos"
Title: Fake-Pyrrha, Broken Goddess of Victory, The Fallen Spartan, Arc's Failure,
Harbinger of Despair
Level: 1020
HP: 105,512,214
MP: 128,734,021
SP: 129,091,201
AP: 133,734,021
Thoughts about you: Doesn't know you, but will kill you and anyone else who gets in
between her and Jaune
'Fuck!'
[She doesn't seem to be a creation of Neo's or her disguising herself as Pyrrha. If it
were, why go through the trouble of making her Grimm-like? It would have been more
effective to stick to her original appearance. Then there's the fact she's practically
radiating {Negative Chaos Energy}, almost as if she were a Chaos Emerald]
"Are you… really Pyrrha?" Weiss slowly asks.
"Pyrrha" smiles menacingly.
"Of course, Weiss. It's me. Your dearest friend. Back from the dead!" She vanishes from
sight before reappearing in front of Weiss, her spear aimed for her head.
"WEISS!" The girls screamed out but it was too late.
"Pyrrha" thrusts her spear at her target, only to be caught off guard by an incoming blast of
black energy that pushes her back.

Smoke sizzles from the barrel of my [Fusion Cannon] as I lower my right arm.
"Pyrrha, what are you doing!?" Ruby yells out in clear disbelief that she try to kill Weiss.
The Grimm-like girl gets back up and glares at me.
However, before I can make another move, an armored hand stops me.
"Don't…" Jaune wheezes out. "She's mine."
[Is Jaune insane!? He's fighting an enemy that's over 1000 levels higher than him; never
mind her magnetic abilities. The power gap is as big as the Earth is from the Sun]
A cruel smile appears on "Pyrrha" and she watches the rusty knight pick up his weapons and
slowly pushes himself up.
"My, my. So you still have some fight in you, but I'm not surprised. You were always so
stubborn."
"Shut up." Jaune growls.
"You wanted to be a hero so badly that when they told you no, you stole your family's sword
and faked your way into Beacon on some misguided hope that you will make it. I pitied how
naive and weak you were, so I trained you, helped you, and even died so that a failure like
you could live. But I see now that my sacrifice and the scarifies of others were all fuel to
drive your delusional fantasies." "Pyrrha" mocked.
"Jaune don't listen to her." Blake warns but she could see that Jaune was at his tipping point.
"Yes, don't listen to me Jaune. Don't listen to the one person you have disappointed since you
wormed your way into Beacon. But then again, children were never good at listening to their
betters." "Pyrrha" declared.
"SHUT UP!" Jaune charges forward with a slash attack, only for it to be blocked easily by the
doppelganger's spear.
"Weak." "Pyrrha" spat and kicks Jaune far away due to her inhuman strength. "You could
never beat me at Beacon as a teenager. Do you think an old man wearing rusty armor and a
broken sword could beat me?"
"I'm not the same naive boy from Beacon. I didn't give up then, and I won't give up now!"
Jaune yells as he charges again, but then slashes downward towards her legs.
However, the attack is blocked by her shield.
"Even after all this time, you still don't get it." "Pyrrha" headbutts Jaune and uses this
opening to deliver a vertical slash that finally shatters the last of his [Aura] as well as leave a
gash across his chest plate. "Everything that has happened since then—the Fall of Beacon,
the destruction of Atlas, and the murder of Penny—it's all your fault, Jaune." "Pyrrha" raises
her hand outwards. "You'll never let go of your past."

Jaune is suddenly lifted up into the air, his four limbs kept in a straight pose as he struggles to
move.
"[Polarity]... it even has her Semblance." An anxious Blake said.
"Pyrrha" starts to close her hand, causing the metal to compress, causing Jaune to scream as
his body is crushed.
"This has gone long enough." I raise my arm at Jaune and activate my [Psionic
Manipulation] to pull Jaune towards me while breaking "Pyrrha's" grip on him.
"Do not to interfere!" "Pyrrha" growls while I shrug.
"Eh. I've never been a very good listener." I snap my fingers and three giant [Gaster
Blasters] appear above me and take aim at the crystal dragon.
"You and your overgrown pet rock have two choices: run away," I aim my [Fusion
Cannon] at the Grimm look alike. "... or die. Your call."
"Pyrrha" growls once more as I charge the [Fusion Cannon] and [Gaster Blasters] at her
and the Crystal Dragon. Finally, she scoffs as she jumps upwards and lands on the back of her
pet.
"This isn't over. Not by a long shot." "Pyrrha" swears as the Crystal Dragon extends its wings
and flies into the air until it disappears.
I sigh in relief. 'I didn't think she would actually pull back. I really didn't want this fight to
drag longer than it should.'
I dismiss my blasters and put away my cannon before turning my attention to Team RWBY
and our Afteran companions surrounding Jaune, who's lying on the ground groaning in pain.
"Jaune, are you okay?" Ruby asks in a worried tone.
"He will be once I heal his injuries. I need some room, girls." I say to Team RWBY, who
obeyed as I knelt before Jaune and used [Salvation] to heal him while using [Psionic
Manipulation] to subtly reverse the damage done to his armor. "There, now you should feel
all better."
"Why did you interfere? I told you she was mine!" Jaune growled as he glared at me.
"You're welcome." I said. "Also because the fight was clearly one-sided. That thing not
only looked like the four-time champion of Mistral, but also had her fighting prowess
and [Semblance]. Not to mention it is enhanced with large quantities of [Negative Chaos
Energy]. You would've had a better chance against Salem and her legion of Grimm than
against her." I explained, though Jaune only continued to glare.
"That still doesn't give you the right to interfere. She's MY responsibility!" Jaune yelled,
startling Team RWBY at the aggression displayed by their friend.

"So I should have just let her play with you? Gee Jaune, I didn't know you were a sub." I
smirked only to get smacked in the head courtesy of Weiss. "What did I do?!"
Ruby helps Jaune get up. "Who is he?"
"His name's Asmodeus, but he used to go by Azule Rose when he was a student in Haven."
Ruby answers.
Jaune's eyes widened slightly. "Wait, Rose? Is he-"
"He's our brother." Yang chimed in. "Summer adopted him before she died, at least
a version of her did."
Jaune looked at Yang and Ruby. "You guys have a brother? Since when?"
"We only just found out for ourselves. It's a long story, but Azule is telling the truth about
being our brother." Yang confirmed.
"I can explain on the way, but right now, let's just focus on helping the Afterans who fled
from the Garden Market." I say, drawing nods from Team RWBY, Peter, and Little.
Jaune looked like he wanted to continue arguing, but Juniper approached him and nuzzled
against his head, causing him to sigh.
"All right. Let's go, we have a lot of catching up to do in the meantime." Jaune says.
"Yeah, like explaining how YOU are the Rusted Knight!" Blake says in amazement, causing
Jaune to sigh as we followed the trail of fleeing Afterans.
As we guide the Afterans to safety, Jaune explains how he was sent back in time upon his
initial arrival in the Ever After and spent years waiting for Team RWBY, along with
explaining how Salem obtained both the [Staff of Creation] and the [Lamp of
Knowledge] during the evacuation of Atlas, much to Team RWBY's despair.
I then asked him if the Crack in the Sky was already there when he arrived and he said yes,
however, he said that it was way smaller then. He said that the Chaos Monsters have been a
problem, but they didn't attack unless provoked. Yet recently the crack has started to expand,
resulting in a sudden surge of Chaos Monsters appearing more often and more violent than
before, as well as the addition of these crystals that have been sprouting everywhere.
Afterwards, I retold my backstory to Jaune.
[I think our presence has agitated the ambient {Chaos Energy} in the Ever After. The
rise of Aferans mutating into those monsters would cause the Blacksmith to act, which
expands her reason for sealing your powers away. But the crack widening is an
unexpected byproduct, meaning this world's time is running out]
"She has two relics now?" Ruby anxiously asks.
"And with Cinder, the ability to get another." Yang adds.

"We got the people of Atlas out to safety, and thanks to Azule, we have a chance at beating
Salem for good." Blake reminds them, which thankfully relieved her teammates of their
anxiety and despair as they looked at me with hope.
"I promised to help you, didn't I? I'm not stopping now." I smile as I raise my hand and power
surges from my palm. "My meeting with the Blacksmith allowed me to regain a fraction of
my full power and I'm making a lot of headway to regain the rest."
But in my mind, I was having another conversation.
'Hey Tobi, have you made any more progress since our meeting with the Blacksmith?'
[While I have yet to fully unlock {Almighty Magic} and {Energy Manipulation} , I have
loosened the restrictions placed on them, allowing you to use magic and manipulate
energy to some extent. I have also managed to unlock {Blade God} , {Radar} ,
{Duplicate} and {God Ki} , along with {Perfect Unknowable} , {Shadow Force} , {Ki
Manipulation} , {Ki Sense} , {Ki Block} , {God Ki Sense} , and even {Ultra Instinct} ,
which should help you a lot]
'That's great. Keep me updated on more developments.' I thought in relief.
"Can you really help us?" A skeptical Jaune asked.
"Well, we won't know until I try." I said. "But first, we'll need to find somewhere to train.
And I'm betting you know just the place."
"And what makes you think you capable of pulling it off?" Jaune asks with a bit of sass. "In
case you didn't know, Salem is immortal, has access to magic on a league higher than all four
Maidens, and has the planet's entire Grimm population under her command. So you better
have something we can work with, because the last person we trusted ended up leading us on
a wild goose chase while lying to our faces."
"Well, compared to what I've been through so far, an immortal witch who controls legions of
soulless creatures isn't in my top 10 list of strongest opponents." I said, but this only seemed
to tick him off.
"Don't be so arrogant. You haven't faced her like I have. She is a monster." Jaune angrily told
him.
"Same, except I also faced fucking GODS." I rounded him before continuing. "Gods that can
control earth, fire, water, and the very moon itself! With enough energy to light up the stars."
I continued. "I faced a Demon God Sorceress and her pet rapist of a mage who both tried to
twist reality for their sick pleasure which resulted in this debacle." I stare at him in the eyes
before finishing. "So yes Jaune, I will help you kill that witch and anyone else on her side!
And if necessary, I'll go further and kill the Brother Gods so they don't pull this shit again."
Jaune's legs suddenly buckle as he feels a force crushing him the longer the boy continues to
speak. And he wasn't the only one as Team RWBY and Peter start having difficulty breathing
as the air around them turns heavy.

[I think you made your point, now knock it off before you crush everyone to death]
The crushing force vanishes and everyone lets out a sigh of relief. Jaune stands up as stares at
the boy in front of him with both shock and weariness.
"Now… will you take us to your training grounds, please?" I gently ask the rusty old man.
"... Yeah. Let's go." Jaune gets on Juniper and leads them out of the Garden Market.
"So," Yang's voice rumbled in my eardrums. "What are you going to train us on?"
"In the prophecy, it says I'm supposed to mentor you all as we work to save the Ever After,
but it's vague on what I'm suppose to teach. So, I'm gonna train you in ways never seen on
Remnant." I give them all a smile. "Including giving you all access to magic."
"Wait, you can give us magic?!" Blake exclaims in shock.
"Oh yeah, and the power I'm gonna give you is more powerful than whatever Salem can
muster." I answer. "Hell, I'll even throw in [Ki] to sweeten the pot."
An curious Yang tilts her head. "And [Ki] is...?"
"It's a form of power derived from one's life force that grants all manner of unique
capabilities. Think of [Aura] and [Semblances] but far more potent." I manifest a
purple [Ki] orb in my hand for them to see, drawing awe from the others.
"So you're saying we'll not only have both [Aura] AND magic, but this [Ki] stuff too?!"
Ruby says in amazement.
"Yep, and if you attain a good enough understanding and mastery, you can even combine all
three for all sorts of devastating effects." I promised her, remembering how effective Fairy
Tail became when they gained access to all 3 forms of said power.
This revelation had made Team RWBY very excited at the news, with even Ruby feeling
much better.
"But as we head to this training ground that Jaune is leading us to, I believe Jaune can explain
what he was talking about in regards to Alyx and the Curious Cat. I already assumed there
was more to the Ever After than what was mentioned in [The Girl Who Fell Through The
World] , but Jaune's reaction to the Cat further solidified that suspicion." I say as we all turn
to Jaune. I HAD to take advantage of this opportunity while the Curious Cat was gone to
reveal his true colors, and Jaune could help with that. "So Jaune, care to fill the rest of us in
on the truth?"
Jaune sighed. "It all more or less happened, just not exactly the way Alyx said it did when she
wrote the story. I waited for you all for years, but two siblings from Remnant arrived before
you all did. It was Alyx and her brother, Lewis."
"Wait, what?! Alyx had a brother named Lewis?! But she never mentioned that in the story!"
Blake says in shock that was mirrored by her teammates.

"Unfortunately, things weren't always the same as the book. Like Alyx, for instance. She
wasn't just a little petulant or inconsiderate, but rather she was selfish and cruel. Like this
whole world was make-believe and the rules didn't apply to her. Lewis was the kind one, the
clever one. We went places that she didn't mention in the book, like the Herbalist." Jaune
reveals.
"Believe me, we're well acquainted with the Herbalist, and from what Team RWBY and Peter
told me, it wasn't a pleasant experience." I replied, with Peter and Team RWBY shuddering at
remembering the experience.
"Well, whatever he told her, she wasn't the same afterwards. She lost all trust in us. Started
accusing us of things. The more I tried to get the story back on track, the more she distrusted
me." Jaune says, his voice turning a combination of anxious and bitter. "It wasn't my fault. I
couldn't even be the make-believe hero. But I never got the chance to make it right. 'The
Rusted Knight drank the poison in her stead', though it was actually Alyx poisoning my food.
Alyx told me she wouldn't let anything get in her way to get back home, that she would do
whatever it takes, and then she was gone."
Team RWBY had absorbed everything Jaune had told them, their expressions a combination
of shock, horror, and pity for Jaune.
"And what about the Curious Cat? I've had my suspicions ever since the rabbit elder
mentioned him in the prophecy, but you likely know a little more about them." I asked.
Jaune sighed. "The Cat's role in the Ever After, I figured it out later, when the Cat came back
to me. When Afterans lose their way, the Cat convinces them to either keep performing their
roles or to return to the Tree and get a new one. The Cat calls it healing, but it's manipulation.
The Cat was never helping you or Alyx, but simply feeding the Tree and keeping the cycle
going."
Team RWBY looked in horror at this news, though Peter looked confused.
"Uh, Sir Jaune, I do not wish to make light of your experiences, but the Tree doesn't have any
sort of malicious intent when having Afterans undergo [Ascension] . Barring certain
exceptions, we aren't meant to last forever, and through our experiences, we either can't fulfill
our purpose due to being brokenhearted or worn down like the Red King and the Herbalist, or
we fulfill our purpose and move on for a new journey." Peter explains.
"I think Jaune is justified in being wary of the Cat, as he never mentioned Jaune was the
Rusted Knight or the existence of Lewis, which I doubt was a coincidence, and he may have
hidden intentions. But Peter is right about [Ascension] though, Jaune. It's not death, but
rebirth. They may lose their memories in the process, but they become something new,
typically for the better." I add, though Jaune only glared at me.
"Oh yeah?! Then what happened to Lewis?! The Curious Cat took both Alyx AND Lewis to
the Tree, but only one of them made it back to Remnant!" Jaune yelled.
"There's more to one side to every story Jaune, and your own admissions proved that there's
more to this than we realized." I told him. "And once we find the Cat, we'll force him to

reveal everything that happened after Alyx left you behind."
"And how do you expect to get the truth out of him? The Cat likes to talk in riddles and half
truths." Jaune inquires.
"I know a few methods that'll get him to talk, one way or the other." I cryptically answered,
an idea already coming to mind to force the Cat to reveal his true colors with the skills and
perks I regained from the Blacksmith.
"I still can't believe the Cat just abandoned us when 'Pyrrha' and that dragon showed up, and
now we learn he might have been deceiving and using us this whole time?!" Weiss stated in
outrage.
"When I find that damn feline, I'm gonna give him a beating he'll never forget." Yang
growled, her eyes turning red and her hair igniting.
"Well, first we need to find the Cat." Blake pointed out, though it proved unnecessary when
they heard an annoyingly familiar voice.
"Oh! There you all are! I never understood why one finds things they are looking for in the
very last place you look!" The Cat says as he emerges from the grass and runs towards us,
though he is caught off guard when he sees everyone glaring at him, including even Peter and
Little. "Is something wrong?"
"Where the hell have you been, you stupid cat?! You just abandoned us when that dragon
showed up!" Yang angrily yelled.
"Unlike you all, I am merely a Caretaker, not a fighter. I wouldn't stand a chance against that
monster." The Cat answers in a casual manner.
"That still doesn't give you the right to just abandon us like that!" Blake growled.
"Putting that aside, we just finish a fascinating chat with Jaune about what happened during
Alyx's time in the Ever After, including stuff that wasn't mentioned in the original story. Like
the fact that Alyx had a brother named Lewis and that only one of them made it back to
Remnant when you guided the siblings to the Tree." I say as we all glare at him. "Care to fill
us in on what happened afterwards?" The Cat become tense as we all slowly surround him. I
could tell he was about to disappear like he did in canon when Ruby first inquired about the
siblings' fate, so I took the initiative and restrained him via [Psionic Manipulation] to keep
him in place.
"W-What's this? Why can't I move?!" The Cat asks in shock before turning to look at me to
see my eyes glowing blue. "What are you doing?! Why are you restraining me?!"
"Because I could tell you were about to run away again, but you're not leaving this time until
we get the truth." I say before using a combination of [Nemesis] and [Celestial Engineer] to
create a glowing golden lariat that gently falls on my hands.
[Lasso of Truth] - Rank: EX

Also known as the Golden Perfect, it is one of Wonder Woman's iconic weapons. It is a
long-cherished divine relic of the Amazons, handed down by the Patron Gods to their
chosen people's champion as a symbol of trust and can only be used by those with pure
hearts. It can tether the heart and mind of the wielder together with various individuals
could better understand one another, creating a telepathic rapport between anyone and
everyone holding onto it, and enabling language translation and memory/emotion
sharing, boasts a powerful binding and sealing ability, seeming to pulsate with an ornate
energy force which can entrap and tame the souls of gods and demigods alike as well as
be used as a lifeline in order to seek out those who are lost to the user, but this requires
an emotional connection to someone for this to work. But by far its most iconic ability is
to force anyone captured within it to obey the wielder's commands and tell the truth. It
also forces those entrapped by the Perfect to face their own falsehood, meaning anyone
who had undergone enhancement of the metaphysical nature are forced to undergo a
biophysical reset, this includes toxins and mind control.
"What is that...!?" Jaune exclaims, shocked and surprise by the item's sudden appearance.
"It's beautiful." Ruby says, enamored by the lariat's enchanted glow.
I coil the rope and create a throwing loop. "This is the [Lasso of Truth] , a magic lasso with
many useful applications, but its most famous one is to make people answer questions
honestly no matter what." I swing the lasso in a circular motion and release the loop,
perfectly ensnaring my target. "Now Cat, you will tell us: what happened when you took
Alyx and Lewis to the Tree?"
The Cat struggled to free himself from the [Lasso of Truth], but it proved futile as it glowed
with power, causing him to growl and his demeanor to grow considerably darker.
"Alyx, that cowardly wretched girl whose story you all have been blindly following,
promised me she would take me with her back to Remnant." The Cat angrily hissed. "But in
truth, she had no intention of taking me. As we traveled to the Tree, she apparently had
spoken to the spirit of the Tree and had a sudden 'crisis of conscience', deciding she wanted to
fix what she had broken in the Ever After, including poor Jaune." The Cat says while looking
at Jaune, his tone turning more mocking at the end. "And so, Lewis went back to Remnant.
And at the very last moment, Alyx didn't. I was so angry at what had happened that
I killed her!"
The revelation of Alyx's fate caused everyone except myself to gasp in shock and horror.
Even Peter and Little were horrified at this, as the concept of [Ascension] prevented such a
fate. But now that not only had a human died in the Ever After, but by the hands of the one
whose role is to guide others from avoiding such a fate is staggering.
In short, it was a betrayal of the highest order; to everything this world stood for!
"You…you murdered Alyx?!" Blake asked in horror and outrage.
"H-How could you?!" Ruby says as she processed the truth.

But the strongest reaction came from Jaune, whose expression and demeanor was a
combination of shock, horror, and rage.
"Are you telling me you murdered Alyx simply because she wanted to atone for her actions
in the Ever After?!" Jaune roared. "This whole time, I thought Alyx had made it back home
and lied about what happened here! But YOU were the one who had killed! Who LIED!"
"Well, you weren't a brave knight either! Just more fairy tale nonsense!" The Cat snaps back,
his mask has finally fallen, revealing the brokenness underneath. "I'm not like the other
Afterans. I can't Ascend, and I was cursed with curiosity by my creators—the very Brother
Gods you all mentioned before! And I needed to know why they abandoned me here in the
Ever After! Alyx was my one chance to leave the Ever After, but she only used me for her
own benefit, just like you all did to get back to Remnant! She broke her promise to me!"
Team RWBY and Jaune were surprised at learning the Brother Gods created the Cat, but
were broken out of their shock when I spoke.
"But did she truly break her promise, you moron?" I coldly asked the Curious Cat, drawing
everyone's attention to me. "Tell me, did Alyx explicitly state that she was never gonna return
to Remnant and wished to stay in the Ever After forever to redeem herself, did you
even consider at the time that Alyx could've eventually returned to Remnant with you when
she felt she had sufficiently atoned for her actions? Or were you so sad and angry at the fact
that Alyx didn't immediately return to Remnant that you immediately just assumed the
worst?"
The question actually caused the Cat to hesitate and ponder at the implications, but I
continued.
"This is exactly why Augur tried to warn you to learn to restrain your curiosity. Unrestrained
curiosity equals unrestrained action. It's why the phrase 'Curiosity killed the Cat' exists across
all realities: it's a warning. A warning of what happens when we take our desire to know to
the extreme without considering the consequences." I explained. "And now,
you've destroyed any means for you to escape this place."
"Azule is right! Alyx might have eventually taken you back to Remnant if you had just
waited! But because of you, she never got the chance to fix her mistakes or go home!" Ruby
exclaims in disgust and anger at the Cat, which was shared by her teammates and Jaune.
The Cat doesn't respond as the words sink in.
"You were supposed to HELP others, not exploit and destroy them!" Peter yells, tone a mix
of anger and betrayal. "The Elder tried to help you, but you didn't listen! You don't
DESERVE to be the Caretaker of the Ever After!"
"…You're right. I don't deserve to be the Caretaker of the Ever After anymore. But then
again, it's not a responsibility I want anymore." The Cat says in a monotone voice, but it sets
off alarm bells in my head as I could tell something was about to happen as the Cat looks
straight at me. "Like you said earlier, freedom is the right of all sentient beings, dear Azule.
And I choose to let go of that stupid role and live as I see fit." He smiles, it's far wider

and sharper than it should be. "And I say that I will leave the Ever After no matter what, and
you all will take me there, whether you like it or not!"
"Like hell we're gonna take a backstabbing creep like you back to Remnant!" Yang yelled as
she and her teammates readied their weapons for a potential fight, with Jaune doing the same
as he walked right in front of the Cat and pointed his sword at the restrained feline.
"We would rather die than take a murderous traitor like you back to Remnant. And you're
gonna pay for what you did!" Jaune roared, but the Cat merely chuckled as an aura
of [Negative Chaos Energy] started surging from his body, much to Jaune and Team
RWBY's surprise while I looked in horror.
'All of this time, he's been secretly hoarding [Negative Chaos Energy] within himself. And I
didn't notice!' I mentally yelled.
"I should thank you for telling me the specifics of this power. Now I don't have to hold back
anymore!" The Cat yells before causing a dark explosion that sends us all flying backwards.
A wave of negative energy spreads across all of the Ever After, causing all of the crystals in
the acres to grow and expand further.
This new reservoir of negative energy also affects the Afterans in the acres, causing some of
them to spontaneously mutate into horrible monsters before hunting down the non-affected in
a state of rabid frenzy.
I hear the groans of the others in the background as I pull myself up.
*SNAP!*
The sound of rope snapping grabs my attention as I watch pieces of the [Lasso of Truth] fall
to the ground before looking up.
Standing there is the Curious Cat, but his body has grown significantly; over 8 feet in length.
He's now standing upright, with his body now being pure white instead of cyan and has black
stripes, appearing more like a lynx than a house cat. The inside of his mouth has turned red,
his teeth becoming sharp, long, and jagged. His head is now adorned with a set of antlers, his
left arm has been replaced with a much longer reptilian one while his right hand has grown to
the size of a human's head. His tail now takes the form of a rattlesnake's head and even hisses
like one, with a long thin tongue coming out every second or so.
His form was chaos personified.
Name: Mad Cat
Title: Avatar of Insanity, Role Breaker, Traitor of the Ever After
Level: 777
HP: 49,546,899

MP: 50,145,331
SP: 52,099,677
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Insignificant pawn, either you help him escape or you die
[Well that's just lovely]
Team RWBY are horrified by the Cat's new form while Little curls inside Ruby's hood in
pure terror.
The Mad Cat giggles like a child. "Ah~ Such power. I feel like I can do anything!"
"W-What are you!?" A scared Peter asks the new creature.
"What am I?" The Cat's neck snaps and stretches forward, staring at the scared rabbit in the
eyes. "What am I? WHAT AM I?" His neck reverts back to normal. "I'm not sure yet. My
new existence is still so… new. So many new sensations; new feelings!" He proclaims.
"Something has snapped inside me and it feels… good!" He begins to cackle. "No
responsibility! No role to command me! I am truly FREE! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
"You don't wanna do this, Cat. [Negative Chaos Energy] is corrosive in nature. It will
amplify the worst parts of you. It will destroy your mind!" I warned him.
"Ah, but here's the thing, my dear Azule: I like being mad! It makes me all tingly inside~"
The Cat happily sang and twirled a bit. "And since I'm feeling so generous, I shall give you
all 3 days to decide whether to cooperate and help me escape this accursed place… or I'll
simply kill you all and destroy this world before I make my way to Remnant."
[Oh wow, he's pulling a Cell on us. Giving us a training arc so that we can become
stronger]
"We will never join you!" A defiant Blake yelled.
"That's okay. I only really need one of you alive anyway." The Cat nonchalantly admits with a
cheshire grin. "Remember: 3 days. And don't bother looking for me, I will come to you!"
With that, the Mad Cat disappears in a mist of polygons, leaving us to ponder on what just
happened.
"What are we gonna do? If we help him, he'll rampage across Remnant while trying to find
the Brother Gods. And if we refuse, he'll not only kill us but destroy the Ever After before
forcing his way to Remnant." Blake nervously states.
"Neither option is good. But like with Atlas, the best choice is to make our own option. The
question is how?" Weiss pondered.
Ruby turns to me with a pleading look. "What do you think, Azule? Can we beat the Cat?"

Everyone looks at me with a mix of hope and desperation, though Jaune's seemed to have a
great deal of frustration mixed in.
"I won't lie, the Cat has become something I've never seen before. Unlike the other monsters
and the Red Prince, he seems to have full control over the [Negative Chaos Energy]. With
enough time and mastery, he could possibly become even stronger than I am." I morbidly
admit to the group, much to their horror.
It was a bitter pill to swallow, but this was coming from experience. [Negative Chaos
Energy] gives the same benefits as normal [Chaos Energy] with the only difference being
that the former causes the user's mind to deteriorate. But that has only applied to ordinary
individuals, such as those that were modified and mind controlled.
The Ever After and its inhabitants weren't ordinary, but that same rule has applied to those
affected. The only exception to this is the Blacksmith/Tree herself who seemed unaffected
despite being in the center of Ground Zero. Plus there's the fact that the Cat isn't a creation of
the Tree but is connected to her thanks to his role, so that may be the reason why the Cat was
still lucid after mutating.
[His chaotic nature may be what's allowing him to control it to at least some degree.
Hell, it may even allow him to control the energies from the Crack itself. And if that
happens, then he'll really be unstoppable]
"Well, what are we gonna do then?! As much as I hate to admit it, we're no match against
those monsters!" Yang bitterly admits, the reminder of her near-death experience at the
mutated Jabberwalker before being rescued by her brother still being fresh in her memory.
"Then I'll train you all to fight them like I said before. But since we're pressed for time, it'll
be very rigid and intense." I assure her before a certain knight scoffs.
"Did you forget what the Cat said? We have 3 days before he comes back to hear our
decision. There's no way we could prepare or train enough in just 3 days to make a
difference!" Jaune said, disbelief and cynicism being present in his expression and tone.
"As much as I hate to admit it, Sir Jaune is right, Sir Asmodeus. How can we get ready within
just 3 days?!" Peter says in a frightened tone, the transformation and demeanor of the Cat still
fresh in his memory.
A smirk quickly spreads on my face. "Remember what I said about the Tree unlocking some
of my power? The power she unlocked will make the 3-day deadline enough." I glance at
Jaune. "Lead us to your home and I'll take care of the rest, Jaune."
Jaune glares at me. "Fine, but if this turns out to be your ego running rampant, I will kill
you."
Team RWBY looks shocked by Jaune's cold words before I shrug.
"That's cool. I wouldn't have it any other way."

Jaune gets back on Juniper and the two leap away, with the rest of us following him. The
others were nervous, but determined to see what their ally could teach them.
We had made considerable headway to what I knew was the Paper Pleasers' Acre, though we
never encountered the 'Punderstorm' that occurred in canon, much to my surprise.
'That's odd. Did my presence or the consequences of the Genesis Wave prevent the
Punderstorm from happening?' I mentally wondered.
[It's probably for the best. Considering it physically manifests mental or emotional
problems of those caught in them, all this {Negative Chaos Energy} would make the
effects far worse for both all of you and the fabric of reality here in the Ever After. And
aside from discovering the truth of Jaune's time in the Ever After, the only significant
thing tied to it was Yang and Blake confronting their feelings and becoming a couple]
'True. Though now I may need to help Blake and Yang confront their feelings before the
deadline, or else their feelings will fester and may end up mutating like the others.' I replied
with a mental shrug. 'Still, I never thought I would become a matchmaker to the weirdest ship
in the fandom. Or the fact I'll be the reason for it becoming a reality.'
While I don't necessarily hate the Bumblebee shipping in canon RWBY by any means, it felt
rather forced and done for the wrong reasons as both a poor form of fan-service to the
hardcore shippers and due to politics, especially when you consider how it completely
disregards Blake's relationship development with Sun during the first five volumes (including
the first three where Monty Oum was still alive). They even had Sun meet and bond with
Blake's parents, which is normally a pivotal stepping stone for relationships, for crying out
loud!
"Hey Jaune, where exactly are you taking us?" Ruby asked out of curiosity.
"My village, it's where I've been staying all these years since my travels with Alyx. It's found
on the Acre that is home to the most helpful and polite Afterans in the Ever After known as
the Paper Pleasers. They are a little clumsy and accident-prone, but good natured and
supportive." Jaune reveals.
The girls and Peter seemed interested, though I grimaced a little bit since I knew the Paper
Pleasers were used as an excuse by Jaune to avoid his issues, particularly the hard truth that
he couldn't save everyone.
"Well, after everything we have been through, it would be nice to meet nice and helpful
Afterans for a change. Well, aside from Peter and Little, anyways." Weiss adds.
"A word of caution, though: as of recently, the Paper Pleasers and I aren't the only ones
present in the village. And some of their personalities are a bit…eccentric." Jaune says with a
wince.
"Eccentric? How?" Yang asked in concern at the possibility of someone troublesome like the
Cat or the Red Prince.

"Well, for starters, the 6 of us aren't the only non-Afterans in the Ever After. There are other
people here." Jaune reveals to our surprise, with even me being caught off-guard.
"Other people? Are there other people from Remnant here? Are they people from Atlas who
also fell during the evacuation?" Weiss worriedly asks.
"That's the craziest part: they aren't from Remnant at all. Most of them claim to come from a
world called Earth, while one comes from a world called Britannia. Not only that, but the one
from Britannia claims to be a powerful mage!" Jaune explains, which causes me to arch an
eyebrow.
'Britannia? Why does that sound familiar?' I pondered.
[It seems the Genesis Wave is also affecting neighboring universes causing them to
become unstable. We need to reach the Crack soon or else the damage may become
permanent]
"Just… don't stare at her. Please." Jaune's exasperated words pull me out of my thoughts.
"Stare at her? What do you mean?" Blake asks in confusion.
"You'll understand when you see and meet her. Also, don't argue with her." Jaune says as he
turns away, though I caught sight of a blush on his face before he fully turned.
"Hey Jaune, what's the name of this mage, out of curiosity?" I asked while feigning a casually
curious demeanor.
"She goes by the name of Merlin." Jaune reveals, and I felt my brain grind to a literal halt.
'Ah! Now I remember! She must be the Merlin from the Seven Deadly Sins franchise!' I
mentally exclaim. She's probably the most iconic version of Merlin in anime. Her magical
abilities are top tiered, capable of leveling countries with ease. A great ally but a terrible
enemy. Though the more I thought about it, the more I remembered Merlin's character, and
why Jaune seems so adamant about not staring at her. 'Oh right.'
[Wow, I did not see that coming. But she'll be of great help in training Team RWBY and
Jaune in magic]
'No shit. Though the question is, can they handle her?' I thought. While I was excited to meet
a COMPETENT Merlin, somehow I had a feeling Weiss will be the most vocal about
her… fashion sense.
However, my attention quickly shifts as an explosion goes off in the distance.
"What's going on?!" Peter asks in fear.
Jaune's eyes widened with horror. "Let's go, Juniper!"
"Wha-JAUNE!" Ruby cries out but she is ignored.

Yang turns to the group. "C'mon." Everyone quickly follows Jaune, passing through the
bridge and entering what looks like a world made of paper origami, just in time to see
multiple magic circles appearing in the sky and shooting out water, dousing the flames before
they can spread.
Jaune lets out a tired sigh. "I'm still not used to this."
"Ara~ Jaune, you should have told me you were bringing guests."
Everyone looks up to see a tall mature woman with shoulder-length purplish-black hair
floating just about our heads. Her face was beautiful, with dark mustard eyes, her soft lips
vibrant pink from lipstick, and a beauty mark just under her right eye to add to her
supernatural allure.
"W-What are you wearing!?" A flustered Weiss yells with the rest of her team blushing as
well.
Oh right. Her outfit consists of a highly revealing and open fur collared long coat that hugs
her slender hourglass figure with a perky set of large L-cup breasts, with heart shaped
buttons, short shorts that resemble panties with a heart on it that hug her large bubble butt,
and thigh high boots.
Yup. This was Rusty and Towa's handiwork alright, given that I knew Merlin wasn't normally
this well-endowed. Only they would alter a woman's body to a supernatural degree.
Name: Merlin
Title: Boar's Sin of Gluttony, Crimson Boar, Britannia's Greatest Sorcerer, Daughter of
Belialuin, Chaos Sorceress
Affiliation: Seven Deadly Sins, Kingdom of Camelot, Kingdom of Liones (former),
Belialuin (former), Lilia (former), Demon Realm (formerly)
Level: 1032
HP: 107,923,874
MP: 138,935,624
SP: 133,257,942
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: super sexy stud, curious about who you are
Special Perks: Omni-Polymath
[Omni-Polymath]

Makes the user exceptionally intelligent and talented in all fields, especially in relation
to both Science and Mysticism
"Well, as much as I would love to exchange pleasantries with you all, this current
predicament takes precedence." Merlin says as her demeanor turns more serious and turns to
Jaune. "Jaune, SHE is back with her pet lizard. And has brought a friend who can spawn
monsters."
Jaune's expression grew darker. "Got it."
Before he could take off, however, his body was covered in a blue glow that prevented him
from moving.
"What?! Why can't I move?!" Jaune says before turning to see me with my eyes glowing
blue. "What the hell are you doing?!"
"At the moment? Preventing you from recklessly running to your death. Again." I bluntly
replied, causing him to growl at me. "You can't beat her in your current state, Jaune. She'll
kill you."
"I told you she is mine! Don't get involved, Azule!" Jaune barks, drawing looks of concern
from Team RWBY, while Merlin and I sigh.
"This is ridiculous, Jaune. But fine." I release Jaune from my [Blue Magic]. "You and Team
RWBY can handle the monsters. Merlin and I will deal with the bosses."
"But Azule, how are we going to beat them?" Blake asks, aware of how painfully outclassed
they are against those monsters.
"Good question. Let's fix that." I walk towards Blake and put my hand on her shoulder.
Everyone watches with interest as an emerald green aura rises from Asmodeus before quickly
transferring to Blake, using his arm as a pathway.
"Ah~" Blake lets out a sensual moan as she feels the foreign energy course through her
body. 'It… it feels so good…!'
I let go of her and Yang quickly rushes to her partner's side.
"Interesting." An intrigued Merlin murmurs in the background.
[Well, that's never happened before]
'No kidding. Maybe my powers are gradually evolving as the System update occurs?' I
pondered before focusing on the task at hand.
Yang looks at me, her lilac eyes now changed to a raging red. "What did you do to her!?"
"I have no idea. This was intended to significantly boost her capabilities, but that reaction has
never happened to me before." I told her.

"It's… it's okay, Yang." A wheezing Blake said.
"But Blake-" Yang stops as she sees Blake's eyes glowing green before straightening herself.
"I feel… strong. The strongest I have ever felt before!" Blake exclaims in amazement as she
stares at herself and the power coursing through her body.
"What did you give her?" Ruby asks out of curiosity.
"[Chaos Energy]." I replied.
"What!? Are you insane!?" Jaune angrily yells.
"Relax, it's fine. This isn't the negative variant that's been ravaging this place. The energy I
gave her is temporary, but it grants a massive boost in power and strength." I explained
though it doesn't seem to alleviate Jaune's anger.
"You could have turned her into a monster!" Jaune growls.
"But she hasn't as you can see. You really think I would do something like this if I didn't
think it was safe?" I retorted. "Besides, I know this energy from top to bottom. So I know
how to use this power to its full potential and how much to give before anything drastic can
possibly occur."
"If you could do that, then why didn't you do it before?" Weiss questioned.
"Because the Tree is still heavily restricting my full power and various abilities. And while
much of it is still restricted, I've been gradually regaining them, with this only coming back
recently." I answered, which was the truth. If I could have used [Enchantment
Magic] sooner, I would have boosted Team RWBY rather than emphasizing evacuation or
retreating. It was only because Tobi managed to loosen the restrictions on [Almighty
Magic] that I could use it again.
"But never mind, let's get you guys all powered up." I move to the other girls and transfer a
bit of my [Chaos Energy] to them, showing the same results as Blake. Even Merlin
volunteered for the power boost.
When I got to Jaune, however, he swatted my hand aside.
"Keep your stupid power away from me. I don't need it." Jaune states.
[Ungrateful prick]
I glare at Jaune. "Stop being stubborn, Jaune. [Negative Chaos Energy] is not only addicting
and corrosive in nature, but it can also negate and bypass all forms of power that aren't Chaos
in origin, and that includes [Aura] as well. Meaning without my boost,
your [Aura] and [Semblance] will be useless against it."
Jaune's frustration continues to rise but a hand on his shoulder catches him off guard.

"Jaune. When I first arrived, I had my arm stolen by the Jinxy Peddler, and then I had to fight
a Chaos Monster with only one arm. My [Aura] was busted and I would have died if Azule
hadn't appeared." Yang bites her lips, her expression one of vulnerability. "We're just… not
enough."
"Yeah, Jaune! You weren't there when we encountered a Troll in the town at the Red Acre or
when the Red Prince turned into a horrible monster. Without Azule, we won't last 5 seconds."
Ruby adds in agreement.
"And so we're just supposed to trust him? A total stranger we don't know anything about!?"
Jaune argues.
"What is your problem, Jaune? Azule has done nothing but help us since we got here." Blake
argues.
"Because I know how easily blind trust can be exploited!" Jaune snapped back.
"What's THAT supposed to mean?" Ruby asks, her tone gaining a sharp edge.
But before Jaune can reply, a tanned hand stops him.
"That's enough out of you, Arc. Have you forgotten the current issue?" Merlin asks.
Jaune's eyes widen and quickly leaps in action.
Merlin watches Jaune galavant off with a stoic expression. "I am starting to think that I am a
magnet for troublesome men." A mature smile appears as she turns to the others. "Now
children, shall we?"
"While you girls are dealing with the monsters, try to keep an eye on and support Jaune. The
last thing we need is him recklessly getting killed because of his stubbornness." I told Team
RWBY, drawing nods of agreement and understanding as they run in the same direction as
Jaune.
I then transform into my [Supreme Seraphim] form, drawing a look of surprise from Merlin.
"Are you a member of the Goddess Clan, by any chance?" Merlin asked with some wariness
in her voice.
"Let's save the questions for later. Right now, we got monsters to stop and village to save." I
said.
"Agreed. Lead the way, handsome~" Merlin says while winking in a flirtatious way.
With that, Merlin and I fly towards the village while Team RWBY runs to battle.
Merlin and I arrive first and dozens of copies of the corrupted Jabberwalker attacking what
are essentially living origami figures, tearing them to literal shreds with claws or mouths.

"Their demise will definitely drive Jaune over the edge." I note as I summon 3 [Gaster
Blasters] that fire a barrage of blasts that take out dozens of the Jabberwalker copies.
"I'm curious. Why are you so invested in Jaune's mental state?" Merlin asks the Seraphin.
"Ever since I've arrived in the Ever After, I've had to involuntarily take on the role of mentor
and guardian for the girls because of a prophecy given to me by an old rabbit. I've had to
listen to their problems, give them advice, and try to help them mend some of the trauma
they've experienced." I explained.
"So you're basically their therapist." Merlin surmised.
"It's not something I'm proud of, mostly because I don't see myself as the type to help with
those kinds of things. I'm more hands-on, you know?" I said.
"Merlin-san!"
We turn to the voice and my eyes widen in surprise as four girls run towards us.
The first of the girls has waist-length orange-brown hair that is tied in a single small ponytail
on the back of her head while she leaves the rest of her hair down with bangs hanging over
her face while she has two strands sticking out above the rest of her hair, reddish-brown eyes
and she has a slender figure with ample E-cup breasts. She wears a modified version of a
school uniform, with a green skirt, lacks a bow on her shirt, wears knee and elbow pads,
white fingerless gloves and carries an M1A1 rifle with a bayonet attachment in her hands.
The second is someone you'd mistake for an adult rather than a teenager. She is fairly tall,
with straight and shiny thigh-length purple hair that has a triangular fringe at the front which
barely touches the ridge of her nose, and blue eyes. She wears a modified school uniform
consisting of female battle boots with heels, long lace purple stockings, purple gloves, a
school uniform top that hugs her perky D-cup breasts, a skirt that shows the string of her
thong and her entire right thigh, and a belt with a scabbard strapped to it with a katana on her
right hand.
The third is the shortest of the three teenage girls, with long pink hair which she mostly keeps
in two pony tails on either side of her head. Her hair also has two thin, long bangs at the
sides, two thin strands of hair over the left side of her forehead, and a spiky larger portion of
hair covering the right side of her forehead. She has fierce orange eyes and furrowed
eyebrows and wears glasses. Her outfit is also different. Unlike the modified school
uniforms, her outfit consists of a brown t-shirt over a black long-sleeved shirt that snugly
hugs her F-cup breasts, with the yellow letters "HQ" printed on it and the hem ending above
her belly button. She also wears dark green shorts with black suspenders which hugs her
heart-shaped ass nicely.
The fourth and fifth is a little girl with shoulder-length pink hair with bangs reaching down
from the side of her temples stretching outwards, a mole under her left eye, and wears a white
headband on her head. She is wearing a white jacket, a pink dress top and a light blue skirt,
black socks and shoes. In her hands is a small puppy with a white coat of fur and black ear
flaps. He also wears a red dog collar with a bone ornament that hangs at its front.

I know these girls because they're the main heroines from the anime Highschool of the Dead.
The same world that Shizuka is from!
[This is gonna get awkward later]
Name: Rei Miyamoto
Title: The Headstrong Gunslinger
Affiliation: Fujimi High School (Former), Takashi's group
Level: 68
HP: 5,943
MP: 0
SP: 4,388
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: An angel? Will he save them? He's cute
Name: Saeko Busujima
Title: The Sadistic Bushido
Affiliation: Fujimi High School (Former), Takashi's group
Level: 79
HP: 7,455
MP: 0
SP: 7,109
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: She senses your skill with the sword and wishes to duel you
Name: Saya Takagi
Title: The Tsundere Strategist
Affiliation: Fujimi High School (Former), Takashi's group
Level: 62
HP: 3,012

MP: 0
SP: 2,091
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: She hopes your not a perverted angel like in anime
Name: Alice Maresato
Title: n/a
Affiliation: Takashi's group
Level: 13
HP: 459
MP: 0
SP: 300
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: A real angel. Wants to ask you if she can meet her papa
Name: Zeke
Title: Group Mascot
Affiliation: Takashi's group
Level: 5
HP: 59
MP: 0
SP: 109
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: Afraid
"I don't believe it, it's a real angel!" Alice says in amazement, though Zeke seems to be
opposite as he tries to look smaller in Alice's arms.
"Interesting. While we've seen all manner of unusual things since arriving here, I never
thought I would see a real angel." Saeko notes in interest.

"It's all just been one weird thing after another in my life! I mean, first them, then waking up
in Wonderland, and now a real honest-to-God ANGEL!?" Saya Takagi complained. "When
did my life become an anime cliche!?"
"Enough, Saya!" Rei scolds the pinkette before looking at Merlin and me. "Merlin-san, this
situation is escalating too fast. Over a quarter of the village is overrun and our weapons can't
seem to slow them down!"
"I know. Fortunately, I ran into Jaune and he has brought a couple of friends with him."
Merlin says with a smile.
"Are these the 'Huntsmen' Jaune kept rambling about?" Saya huffed.
"You can say that~" Just then, Team RWBY arrives and the groups look at each other.
"Wow." A dumbstruck Rei said. "They're, um… very colorful."
"It's hurting my eyes." Saya complains as she pulls up her glasses to rub her eyes.
Saeko hums as she looks at the newcomers with an analytical eye. "They're strong."
"They're so pretty!" An excited Alice exclaims with Zeke barking in her hands.
"Eeep!" Ruby and Weiss squeal at the sight of the cute puppy.
Blake gives the girls a reluctant wave. "Um, hello."
*CRASH!*
The group turns to sound as they watch the Jabberwalkers smashing the dam.
"We need to stop them before they flood the village." Merlin turns to the girls. "You four try
to get as many of the Paper Pleasers out of here. Team RWBY will take care of the
monsters."
"Where's Jaune-nii-san?" Alice asks the Arc-Mage.
"He's fine, Alice, don't worry." Merlin softly told Alice. "You just make sure our friends stay
safe, okay?"
"Um!" Alice nods while Zeke barks in acknowledgement.
The survivor group heads off to the opposite direction just as the Jabberwalkers begin to
surround us.
"I'll stop Pyrrha and her grunts." I told Merlin. "You stay here and give Team RWBY
support."
"Okay. It's not like I can do much in my current state." Merlin says and watches him fly
off. 'What an interesting anomaly. I wonder what kind of secrets you hold.'

I fly in the direction where the most fire comes from, where I found the fake-Pyrrha and the
Crystal Dragon as they slowly traverse the village, with the latter burning anything around
them.
"Oh Jaune~, where are you? You're precious villagers are suffering and they need their
precious hero to save them~" Fake-Pyrrha mockingly sings before she notices my approach
and her expression turns darker. "You!"
"Me." I scoffed with a frown. "I thought I sent you packing, but it seems you didn't get the
message. Now I find you not only attacking a village of literal paper people, but decided to
join forces with that psychotic midget, Neopolitan, right?"
"Well, what can I say? We have some things in common, particularly watching those fake
heroes squirm." Fake-Pyrrha purrs. "And what better way to do that than to hurt these poor
innocent Paper Pleasers that dear Jaune has worked so hard to 'protect'. Ha! What a joke! His
heroic delusions are just so hilarious!"
The Crystal Dragon growls, with fluorescent steam coming out of its nostrils.
"Yes, yes. I'll feed him to you soon." Fake-Pyrrha pads her pet.
I narrow my eyes at the Grimmfied Huntress. 'I just don't get it. Where did this Pyrrha and
dragon come from? They're too powerful and self-autonomous to be a construct of
Neo's [Overactive Imagination] even if she turned into a Chaos Monster.'
[Do you think she fell here from an alternate timeline? It seems like a plausible
scenario]
"Hm?" I narrow my eyes at the dragon's crystal body and notice something. 'Is there
something inside the dragon?'
[Considering how this Pyrrha's dynamic is to drive Jaune crazy with despair. I wouldn't
be surprised if the dragon's connected to Jaune somehow]
That caused me to ponder the implications, before my eyes widened at a potential possibility
as I turned to Fake-Pyrrha.
"I'm not fully sure of your pet, but I'm guessing you have a more personal reason for
mercilessly tormenting Jaune, right?" I ask and the evil Huntress giggles.
"You're not far off the mark, I'll give you that. You could say I exist solely to make Jaune
suffer, and it's all his own doing, even if he isn't aware of it." Fake-Pyrrha replies with a
smirk. "That wannabe hero was so filled with guilt and self-loathing after repeatedly failing
to stop Cinder Fall from taking everything he cared about, and in this world of fantasy that
darkness took form and was given a specific role: to torment Jaune as punishment for his sins
until he dies~"
I widen my eyes as I realize what she is. "You're his inner darkness; his Shadow."

It made sense. Jaune is a man who has gone through tragedy after tragedy, following the
beautiful and flawed ideal of a [Hero of Justice] only for reality to hammer down on him
every time he tries and fails to protect the people he loves. He couldn't save Pyrrha from
Cinder Fall nor any of the kingdoms, and that guilt only intensified when he was forced to
kill Penny to prevent Cinder from gaining the power of the [Winter Maiden]. And when
Jaune fell, the [Negative Chaos Energy] took those fresh negative feelings and gave it a
form and a voice. And what better form to take than from the first person he failed to save? A
person whose death had rattled him more than anyone else?
"Pyrrha" is his guilt made manifest. A Harbinger of Despair that torments Jaune as a form of
self abuse; a twisted reflection of everything he fought for.
'Then that dragon is…' I pale as more pieces of the puzzle fall into place. 'I need to stop them
or else all of the progress I've made will be for nothing.'
[It will not be easy. With only just 20% of the system available, we are at a clear
disadvantage. Not to mention that Pyrrha's been feeding on negativity to power herself
for who knows how long, she may even give Rusty a run for his money]
"Then I'll need to hold NOTHING BACK!" I pull out the [Devil Sword Sparda] and
activate [Polychromatism, summoning two big hands, one giant [Gaster Blaster, and eight
smaller hands.
"Oh? This will be fun." The dragon flies up and charges towards me like a rocket.
"HOLY KAIOKEN X100!" My body EXPLODES in a maelstrom of colors as both the
power duplication of the [Kaioken] mixes with my reservoir of [Chaos Energy] in
conjunction with the holy power of my [Supreme Seraphin] resulting in my body glowing
brightly like a star.
The energy spreads to my constructs, gaining the same glow as me before they all converge
and fire a MASSIVE beam of pure divine and [Chaos Energy] straight at Fake-Pyrrha and
her dragon.
The twisted reflection quickly jumps off just in time to watch her pet be swallowed by the
insane energy, blasting it through six acres before crashing into some mountains. When the
dust and smoke settles, the Dragon is revealed to be both unconscious and heavily injured in
the trench created from its body and the blast.
"What? But that's impossible!" Fake-Pyrrha exclaims in shock and horror before being
grabbed by the 8 smaller hands, with 2 for each limb. "Let go of me!"
I appear in front of her followed by the sound of static and immediately unleash a flurry of
slashes with [Sparda] on Fake-Pyrrha's restrained body, making sure to channel [Chaos
Energy] into the blade for each slash to ensure it would leave lasting injuries, littering her
body with numerous gashes and wounds that didn't heal.
"Gah! You motherfucker!" Fake-Pyrrha curses in pain before noticing the giant [Gaster
Blaster] staring at her as the inside of its maw glows brighter.

"Die." I close my hand and the blaster fires at Fake-Pyrrha point-blank. The attack is so
powerful it makes all the chaos across the Ever After stop as they all turn to the sky to see the
massive beam pass just above their heads.
A certain girl with Neapolitan hair and a bowler hat looks dumbstruck as a shiver runs down
her spine.
The Mad Cat watches the blast as everyone else did, with even him being caught off-guard by
the level of power.
"Well, well. well~ It seems I underestimated Azule, but that only makes my desire for you
that much more abundant!" The traitorous cat grinned. "I will need to step up my efforts.
Fortunately for me, I know where to start~"
When the light disappears, I expect Fake-Pyrrha to be completely vaporized, but to my
surprise, she appears to be heavily charred and unconscious, but otherwise alive.
"The hell!? How are you still alive after taking a blast like that to the face!?" I yell in
shock.
Fake-Pyrrha stiffly moves her neck up, revealing an already healed face with a smile etched
on it.
"You can't kill me. Nothing can." The Shadow of Jaune's guilt spat out. "I am a manifestation
of Jaune Arc's guilt and pain. As long as those feelings exist, I am immortal!"
[She may be right. The two are irreversibly connected. One can't die unless we kill the
other]
"In other words, Jaune is the only one who can eliminate you." I surmised with an
annoyed scowl on my face.
"Yes. But can he? Do you think he has the guts to strike down his beloved Pyrrha Ni-" I don't
let her finish as I punched her in the face with enough force to knock her out.
"Annoying bitch." I growled.
The two of us descend down until we land on the ground. I dismiss the [Chronas] just as I
double back in exhaustion and fall to the floor just as I revert back to normal.
"Damn… I might have overdone it a little." I wheezed out.
[I'm surprised you were able to pull it off with how restrictive the system is without
suffering any damage]
"Hey Azule!" I flinch and turn to see Team RWBY and Merlin approach me, though they are
surprised to see Fake-Pyrrha's condition. "W-What happened to Pyrrha?!"
"I'll explain later." I pull myself up and turn to the group. "Where's Jaune?"

Just then, the Rusted Knight appears with his trusted steed and quickly notices the defeated
Fake-Pyrrha.
"What did you do?" Jaune asks the boy.
"We need to talk. Now."
Later
We all converged at Jaune's house; a large structure made of paper that was a walking
distance from the Paper Pleasers' village. Unlike Jaune's small house in canon, this one was
large enough for multiple people to live in. The Paper Pleasers likely gave it to Jaune when
Merlin and the other girls fell here. Upon arriving, Jaune had returned [Crescent Rose] to
Ruby, who immediately accepted it unlike in canon before returning [Ace of Spades] to me.
Team RWBY decided to get to know the Takashi group and the two opened up about their
journeys. Alice was gushing over Blake's real cat ears while Saya tried her hardest to resist
the urge to pet the cat Faunus.
"Wow! You're so pretty, Blake-nee-san! Like a princess!" Alice exclaims in admiration.
"She's not wrong-OOF!" Yang whispers only to get elbowed hard in the stomach courtesy of
a blushing Blake.
"Weiss, Yang, and Ruby-nee-san are pretty too!" Alice adds, causing Weiss and Ruby to
blush.
"Aw, thanks kid." Yang ruffles her hair.
Saeko thoroughly examines Blake's [Gambol Shroud] as it is a hybrid of a Wakizashi and a
gun.
"Impressive. I didn't even know it was possible to create a weapon that combines multiple
other types of weapons together that can serve so many different purposes." Saeko says in
amazement at [Gambol Shroud] before looking back at Blake. "A weapon often speaks
volumes of the one who wields it, especially if they are the one who also made it. Fast,
precise, resourceful, creative, versatile, and determined to the end. A true warrior and
guardian, Blake-san."
"O-Oh! Thank you!" A flustered Blake said, still not accustomed to all the praise she was
getting.
As their conversations continue, they start to talk about the monsters in their worlds. Yang
makes a snide remark on how they had it easier with the zombies, but Rei quickly rebukes
her saying that it's nothing like in the movies or books. The zombies kill everything and
anyone they hear, their numbers are almost endless and they have to scavenge for whatever
supplies they can find. Not to mention that there are other survivors who are using the
apocalypse to get away with anything; she was almost raped by one once!

"You're lucky, Xiao-Long. At least you have your sister. We don't even know if our parents
are still alive." Rei clenches her hands tightly. "Hirashi is dead… so is Alice's father. Takashi
and Kohta are fighting them alone… for all we know, they could be dead or worse! At least
your problem has an actual cause! Ours just… happened!"
It was clear to everyone that Yang had stepped on a landmine. Saya glares at her, Saeko gives
her a blank stare, and Alice just ignores her!
Blake hits her hard on the head while Weiss pulls on her cheek, scolding the blonde for her
lack of filter.
"In all honesty, I think the zombie outbreak that occurred in your universe is likely due to
three possible reasons." I raise one finger. "Some nation, organization, or random scientist
was conducting experiments with bacteria and viruses that they shouldn't have done and
created a radical necrotic strain that got loose and ravaged your world, assuming it didn't
somehow arrive from space." I raise a second finger. "It's the result of some higher being who
either got sick of humanity and decided to end them or decided to just screw them over for
their amusement." I raise a third finger. "Or it spread from another universe due to the
adverse effects the Genesis Wave had on the multiverse and the space-time continuum."
"Gene-what?" A confused Saya said.
"A man made universe-altering phenomena caused by madmen who wanted dominion over
all things." I explained. "I stopped them, but the energy had gone haywire causing an
implosion to occur. I managed to minimize it but it left residual 'scar tissue' on the fabric of
reality itself, which is why all of this is happening in the first place."
"You think you can close the crack in the sky?" Saya said.
"I have to. It's my responsibility." I firmly state.
"You sure know a lot about zombies, little bro. Wanna talk about it?" Yang asks, trying to
switch topics.
"I'm 19, Yang. I'm pretty sure that makes me olde" My remark causes the blonder brawler to
freeze in place. "As for your other question, the first world I ever stepped into when I started
my travels across the multiverse was a post-apocalyptic one. And what was the source of said
apocalypse? Zombies." I replied. "I've had to scavenge for supplies while having to fight
against zombies, with an old sword and my weak magic at the time. And some of those
zombies had GUNS and one that had mutated into a towering behemoth of deformed,
decomposing flesh, but it was very quick on its feet. I only won that fight by the skin of my
teeth before escaping that dead world." I look at Yang. "So yes Yang, I know a thing or two
about zombies and trust me when I say that they're no laughing matter. And the movies,
comics, games, and books DO NOT prepare you for the actual thing."
"Wow, that sounds even worse than what we had to go through." Rei said while shivering at
the thought of them using weapons or growing to massive proportions.

"Yang's insensitive comments aside, the Creatures of Grimm aren't a laughing matter either."
I said. "Both versions of our world have been plagued by them since time immemorial and
they spawn endlessly thanks to the existence of Grimm pools, and they come in all manner of
shapes and sizes, with many capable of flight or swimming underwater, not to mention many
have dangerous abilities such as breathing fire or spitting acid or turning intangible or even
inducing a crippling level of apathy that undermines your ability to fight or even act."
Memories from both Azule and the anime resurface, blending together to give me a brief
sense of vertigo before continuing. "Unlike the zombies of your world who are attracted via
sound, the Grimm are attracted to negative emotions like anger, sadness, greed and so on.
Humans there have evolved in order to combat them. They can unlock their [Aura] which
uses their soul as a form of protection and a [Semblance] that essentially gives you a unique
superpower. Society mines a supernatural substance that manipulates the elements
called [Dust] to power everything and use hybrid weapons that can switch between close and
long range for versatility."
"They're also really cool." Ruby chimed.
"My point is the human race has been fighting an eternal war against these monsters since
forever. And from the look of things, I doubt we'll be fully rid of them even after Salem's
taken out of the picture." I told them.
My story clearly affected the survivor girls as they trembled at the idea of fighting those
monsters.
"I take it back. Yours is worse than ours." Saya said.
In the end, everyone agreed that dealing with endless hordes of mindless, homicidal monsters
was the worst and something they wished they no longer had to deal with.
Later, we placed Fake-Pyrrha in the cellar. Merlin binded her with sealing magic before we
all sat down in the living room. Zeke decides to leap on Weiss' lap, which the Schnee
absolutely ADORES and takes full advantage of by hugging him and keeping him pressed
against her breasts so that he doesn't escape.
"So… that's essentially what Pyrrha is. It would also explain how Jaune hasn't shown any
signs of mutating despite harboring intense negative emotions for years." I said, having
explained to the girls what I've learned.
The eight girls were all shocked and horrified by the reveal. Rei, Saya, and Alice were
shivering at the prospect of being turned into monsters. Saeko tries to keep it cool but a keen
eye can see that she is just as shaken as the others.
Merlin hums as she digests this new information. "I had a few theories about the nature of the
crystals, but your explanation has confirmed my original hypothesis." She said, "These
crystals are parasitic in nature. They target living beings with intense negative emotions and
supercharge them, causing the host's body to mutate from the sudden surge. However because
of the sudden change, their souls become unstable resulting in them becoming nothing short
of monsters."

"That's similar to the conclusion Sir Asmodeus had reached, Madam Merlin." Peter said.
"..." Jaune doesn't seem very surprised by any of it.
"... you knew, didn't you?" I surmised.
"... I had a feeling…" Jaune admits.
"Moving on." I turn to Merlin. "I'd like to know how you ended up here."
Merlin let out a sigh. "It's not a time I'm exactly proud of."
Flashback
Merlin sits in a furnished chair with multiple floating books floating around her in a ring, her
eyes traveling back and forth between tomes, absorbing their knowledge like a sponge.
"I was in my study in Camelot researching a new type of magic. When I sensed a distortion in
space." Merlin states.
Just then, a portal opens and a familiar woman appears, but Merlin's attention was solely on
her books.
"My study had thousands of magical wards that prevented outsiders from entering using
magic, however, the portal was powered by energy I never sensed before, rendering my magic
wards useless. And I was curious as to why this person was seeking me out directly."
"You know, any other person would be freaking out that an unexpected guest has shown up in
their residence. But your talents, potential, and thirst for knowledge are exactly why I wished
to meet you." A feminine voice giggled in amusement, drawing Merlin's eyes away from her
books for the first time, only to be caught off-guard at the sight of an unknown blue-skinned
female with silver hair.
"I instantly knew that the person in front of me was a demon, a demon of incredible power.
Her demonic aura was far more refined than any other demon I've ever met, but she was also
radiating a foreign power as well. I knew that whatever this monster was, it should not be
underestimated." Merlin states.
"Who are you and why are you disturbing my research?" Merlin asked calmly, perfectly
hiding the layers of fear underneath.
"Intelligent, driven, blunt, and has an appreciation for research. I like you." The female
demon mused. "As for your questions, my name is Towa, and I have a proposition for you."
"What could you possibly want to discuss that would be of any interest to me?" Merlin asks
while secretly preparing hundreds of magic spells just in case.
"Something no one else in this world can offer you: ultimate power and all the secrets of the
multiverse." Towa says, immediately catching Merlin's interest. "Your universe is one of an
infinite number of universes filled with all manner of things beyond your wildest dreams or

worst nightmares. I offer you a chance to acquire power beyond even the greatest forms of
magic and the opportunity to uncover and understand everything the multiverse offers. And
with said knowledge, you could push the boundaries of what mortals deem impossible and
accomplish wonders."
This Towa definitely knew her audience and how to make a compelling argument. But one
does not live for over 3000 years by being dumb and naive, and Merlin knew that if
something seemed a little too good to be true, it usually WAS.
"And even if you could do all of this for me, what's the catch?" Merlin skeptically asks.
"Simple: join me as I establish a new order that encompasses all of creation, where those who
are most deserving and ambitious will rule and do as they please." Towa replies, thinking that
no one would resist such an offer with so many benefits.
But Merlin wasn't a typical person. And even overlooking the fact that her instincts were
telling her that this was a dangerous woman, Merlin knew that these types of people were
really good at saying the right things that could charm anyone, but in reality, they were very
manipulative, controlling, and even backstabbing if you fail, question them, or even for the
sake of self-preservation.
In short, the true nature of a demon… though she knows there are EXCEPTIONS to this rule.
"As extremely tempting as it would be, I can tell you aren't telling me everything and that
you likely simply wish to use me as a pawn for your own interest, and I've had enough of that
to last an eternity. So I unfortunately have to decline." Merlin states, causing Towa to sigh.
"A shame. It would have been better for both of us if you willingly agreed, but it's clear I
must use more forceful measures." Towa says like she's talking about the weather, though this
immediately caused Merlin to get defensive.
"Take a hint, demon. I'm not interested!" Merlin says as she prepares to unleash hundreds of
spells, but to her surprise, her magic circles only briefly appear before disappearing.
Before Merlin could ponder on what happened, Merlin felt a sudden blow to the back of her
neck, causing her to lose consciousness.
"I don't remember much afterwards; it's all fragmented. I do remember the feeling of
something… growing inside me, along with the excruciating pain of having my body be torn
apart over and over. My magic power had become sporadic, unstable, while my mind was
under constant attack by something. But I manage to persevere in my torture, and that
seemed to upset Towa since the next memory I can clearly recall is being strapped to a
capsule before the lid closes shut and I was put to sleep."
Merlin's eyes open only to find herself inside a large cylinder structure, her arms and legs
bound as she tries to use magic to break them only to fail. The other thing she quickly notices
is the INSANE size increase of her cleavage, ass, and thighs while her already curvy
hourglass figure became more profound.

"What a shame. In the end, I couldn't break your mind." Merlin's eyes look up and sees Towa
standing over her, her gaze can only be described as motherly disappointment. "I modified
your body along with your Magic Core beyond mortal limits. Your [Infinity] is most
interesting. The power to keep spells active indefinitely for as long as the user desires it is
most intriguing. I even grafted another unique ability to enhance your capabilities even
further." Towa cups her cheek. "I had such high hopes for you. You were going to be one of
my 'Crown Jewels'."
"!" Merlin tries to speak but is unable to, most likely as part of the seal to keep her magic
locked.
"I see that you are trying to speak, but I know that you can easily enchant your words so I
sealed your voice as well as your magic." Towa coldly tells the arc-mage. "You will remain
here until I figure out how to rectify the issue. Maybe then you'll understand the kind of
power I was willing to offer you fools."
The lid begins to close in before it clicks shut. A sudden chill begins to snare her as she starts
to lose consciousness.
Next thing she knows, she is awakened by a series of explosions and loud alarms before
quickly noticing that her pod had failed.
"I don't know how long I was unconscious for, but eventually something happened that
caused my prison to fail as well as the magic keeping me bound." Merlin uses her newfound
strength to literally pull the bonds off her before kicking the glass case outwards, breaking it.
Merlin climbs out of the capsule and sees that she's in a lab of sorts and there were similar
capsules on either side, all broken. "It turns out I was in some kind of lab. But I didn't have
time to evaluate my new environment as my attention was drawn to the constant tremors, and
when I followed their source, I saw Towa and some man with her fighting against a whitehaired woman using unknown energy to destroy everything around her."
Merlin watches the woman physically tear the man's body apart, gouging his eyes before she
rips his throat open. Then watches the woman shower some of her strange power to the stillliving corpse and he immediately writhing on the floor in pain. All the while the white
woman observes the creature with a sadistic and cruel smile on her face.
A smile creeps up on Merlin's face. "I was entranced by the sight before me. My mind ran on
overdrive as I came up with multiple theories on how this woman's power operated. How it
seemed corrosive to other beings while she herself was unharmed. My euphoria turns into
dread as an overwhelming pressure begins to crush my body."
Merlin feels a force crushing her body, and when she looks up she sees the white-haired
woman staring right at her with her cold golden-crossed eyes.
"My composure crushed, my emotions ran rampant. That thing wasn't human, nor a demon.
Demons would run at the sight of her."
A portal opens behind Merlin and she is quickly pulled into it.

"I knew I didn't stand a chance against that monster without any help, so I used my magic to
create a portal to escape. Unfortunately, I did not take into account the extent of Towa's
tampering with my magic and the foreign energy inside me may have caused an instability in
the spell casting, resulting in me being thrown across space and time. It took everything I had
not to be scattered across the dimensions."
Merlin barrels uncontrollably through the vortex, her mind and body stretched beyond
physical limits. However, she felt a force pull her somewhere and the next thing she knew,
she was in a land made entirely of paper.
"I found myself in this strange world. And not soon after I met our mutual friend, the Rusted
Knight."
She hears a sound and turns to see Juniper trotting towards her before stopping. Its rider
dismounts the creature and takes off his helmet, revealing a shocked Jaune.
"Jaune found me and took me back to his home. At first, he couldn't even look at me because
of my body, but he eventually got acclimated to me. Since then, we have worked together to
defend the village from the monsters that occasionally wander into the acre."
Flashback end
"I've tried to open another portal but it didn't work. The energy of this world is interfering
with my own magic, leaving me with only access to the most basic of elemental spells."
Merlin conjures a blob of water in her hand before dismissing it.
Everyone except me was processing Merlin's story with a combination of shock, horror, and
intrigue.
For the survivor group, said reactions were even more pronounced since Merlin never went
into detail of how she ended up in the Ever After and the mentions of mysterious powers had
a larger-than-life feeling beyond their wildest fantasies.
"Wow. You really went through a lot, Merlin. I'm so sorry." Weiss apologized.
"That Towa bitch sounds like she needs a major ass-kicking." Yang says while punching one
fist into her other hand.
"I had a feeling you were one of Towa's victims. She and Rustyrose had a nasty habit of
kidnapping women from across the multiverse, modifying their bodies and turning into their
loyal puppets." I said.
"Why would they want to do that?" Saya asked.
"Because they wanted an army/harem to use to conquer reality. Rusty was going to reshape
reality and install himself as its god and use all of his brainwashed females as his sex slaves
so they can have his kids." I replied, which made the younger girls and Jaune cringe in
disgust. "Towa, meanwhile, wanted to switch his universe with the Demon Realm so that she

could rule as its queen and destroy all of time before reshaping the multiverse to be ruled by
her fellow demons."
Merlin on the other hand turned slightly pale. She knows of the existence of the Demon
Realm, but her knowledge is only limited to her universe. If Towa's version is full of
powerful creatures just like her, then they must make sure none of them find their way
to any world.
"Still, I'm more surprised you encountered Sirin and survived." I told Merlin. "And trust me
when I say that if she had gotten her hands on you, you'd wish you were dead."
"Sirin? You know who that white-haired monster is?" Merlin asked in surprise as everyone's
attention shifted to me, to which I nodded.
"Oh yes. You could say we have a close relationship." I pull out [Rebellion] from
my [Inventory] and show it to everyone. "After she lovingly rammed THIS through my
chest."
"You… she stabbed you in the chest!?" A disturbed Weiss exclaims.
"Yup. And it hurt."
"How are you even alive?" A more curious Saeko asks and I shrug.
"Mostly just luck and regenerative capabilities, but also because Sirin wasn't taking me
seriously at the time. Had she been serious, I doubt I would be speaking to you all right now,
given how weakened I was at the time." I said before Alice suddenly hugs me. "?"
"It's okay, Angel-san. The bad monster won't hurt you anymore." Alice assures me.
A small smile graced my face as I lightly ruffled her hair.
Jaune narrows his eyes at the mystery boy from his side of the room.
"So." I said to the high school girls. "What's your story? How did you girls end up in the Ever
After?"
The trio looked at each other before Rei spoke. "To be honest, we don't really know how it
happened."
Flashback
Saeko slashes at a group of zombies while Rei and two boys shoot down the onslaught of
them as they keep Alice, Zeke, and Saya safe.
"The five of us, along with 2 friends of ours named Takashi Komuro and Kohta Hirano, were
searching for a place for us to stay safe without having to worry about hoards of 'Them'. It
hasn't been easy for us ever since our teacher, Shizuka-sensei, mysteriously disappeared." Rei
says as she recalls how their group was trying to survive their zombie-infested world.

"At one point, we split up when we arrived at a convenience store to get essential supplies
while keeping an eye out for 'Them'. While we were traversing the store, the ground beneath
us suddenly collapsed, but instead of landing underground, it felt like we were passing
through a black void as we gradually lost consciousness." Rei reminisced at the unusual and
rather scary experience of suddenly going from entering a regular convenience store to freefalling through a void, with the experience seemingly being too much to handle since they all
fell unconscious.
"When we woke up, we found ourselves here in this strange world, and as we tried to make
sense of it all, Jaune-san found us and offered to let us stay with him. We've been in his care
ever since." Rei says while remembering how they saw Jaune and Juniper stumbling upon
them and helping them travel to the Paper Pleasers' village.
Flashback end
"Oh, that's actually my fault." I admit and everyone turns their heads to me.
"What are you talking about?" Weiss asks.
I open my [Inventory] again and pull out my [Isekai Summoning Staff]. "This staff allows
me to summon people from across the multiverse at random. The first time I used it, I ended
up with a group of 11 women. Shizuka being among them." This made the women all give
me a weary look before quickly adding. "But I haven't done anything to them and they're
fine! She should be on Earthland with everybody else."
"And Earthland is…?" Saya draws out.
"A world of magic. She'll fit right in (in more ways than one)." I silently added the last part as
I put the items back into my pocket dimension.
"Wait, why did you say 'should be'? You mean you don't know!?" An annoyed Rei said.
"Well, I still can't sense their [Ki] so I can't say if they made it safely. Or even if they made it
back to Earthland at all." I boldly admit. "It's why I'm helping them, so I can get my powers
back."
"So you're just using us for your own selfish gain." Jaune chimes in and I shake my head.
"That's not it at all. You're overthinking things, Jaune." I said.
"Am I?" Jaune walks forward. "You put yourself in dangerous situations, you bond with a
group of girls who had just gone through the most traumatizing event of their lives, and then
you give them a power that could very well kill them." He points a finger at me. "Let's not
forget the fact that YOU caused all of this in the first place. Yeah, I heard you talking. You're
the reason why our lives are a nightmare!"
"Jaune!" Weiss calls out.
I narrow my eyes. "I was trying to stop a catastrophe from happening. If I hadn't then reality
would have fallen apart by the seams; we wouldn't even be talking about it right now."

"And yet you had the brilliant idea to give Team RWBY the same energy that could have
destroyed everything!" Jaune argues.
"But it didn't, and look." I gesture to team RWBY. "The power has already worn off. And
they haven't experienced any side effects."
"Oh, and that makes me feel so much better." Jaune says sarcastically. "You're still using
them to get what you want!"
"Jaune, stop!" Ruby stands up.
Jaune turns to Ruby. "Why are you defending him, Ruby? He's the reason why everything's
gone to hell!"
"Because he's my brother." Ruby argues and Jaune scoffs.
"Oh yeah, because he told you a sob story about your mom. How do we know it wasn't HIM
who killed her!?"
The room goes silent before the atmosphere suddenly turns heavy.
"Jaune…" I get up from my chair and walk up to him. "I really hope you're not saying what I
think you're saying. Because if you are-"
"What? You'll kill me?" Jaune spat.
"No, I was actually thinking about beating you within an inch of your life. Then stuff your
mouth full of magic leaves so that we can get a better version of you." I bluntly admitted
before letting out a huff. "I mean, I don't understand what your problem is. All I'm doing is
trying to get you guys home."
"Yeah Jaune, what's your problem?! I get you've been through a lot here in the Ever After, but
that was just uncalled for!" Yang scolded, angry that Jaune had said that. "Azule has been
nothing but helpful to us since we met him. He saved my life, he took on enemies we would
have stood no chance against. He did it all for us!"
"Azule may have kept secrets from us, but we're no better." Blake chimes in. "I was part of
the White Fang and hid the fact I was a Faunus, remember? And you used fake transcripts to
get into Beacon. You didn't even have your [Aura] unlocked at the time!"
"Yeah! I mean hearing that he was adopted by mom surprised me. But I understand why
he chose not to tell us. Because it was traumatic, not because he wanted to manipulate us!"
Ruby immediately defends.
"You just don't see it, do you? Even if he is your brother, that doesn't make him trustworthy!
He could end up fighting against us, like Winter did against Weiss for Ironwood!" Jaune
countered.
"Jaune, my sister might have done things that she wasn't proud of, but she regretted it and
ultimately betrayed Ironwood to help us!" Weiss argued, upset that Jaune had brought up her

sister even though he KNEW Winter had a change of heart.
"That still doesn't make him trustworthy, Weiss! You guys didn't trust Ironwood with the
truth, yet you're blindly trusting this guy without considering that he might just be saying
things in order to manipulate you?!" Jaune retorts.
"Jaune, we get you've been through a lot here in the Ever After given what Alyx and the Cat
did to you, but Azule has gone above and beyond to help us in any way he could. He's even
offering to help us stop Salem for good." Blake points out.
"And you think he'll actually keep his word? He not only wields magic but also the same
Chaos powers as the Cat, who acted like your friend but was just manipulating you all for his
own interests before turning into a literal monster!" Jaune growled. "How long before Azule
decides to stop playing the good guy and start using his powers to control you!? Who's to say
he isn't using them right now?!"
"Jaune, even overlooking the fact that most of my powers are still suppressed by the Tree, I
don't use things like mind control for personal relationships." I told him in annoyance. "And
if I did have such an ability or even the willingness to use it, then why haven't I used it to end
this stupid argument?"
Jaune was about to retort before I extended my hand out to silence him.
"First you accuse me of possibly murdering the only mother figure I ever had, and now you're
accusing me of potentially mind controlling my own sisters and their friends? If it wasn't for
your close friendship with my sisters and their team, you would already be sprawled on the
floor with your legs broken. And that's not even considering the fact that you're claiming it's
somehow MY fault this is all happening in the first place." I said while glaring at Jaune, who
returned the glare with his own.
"All of these monsters, the experiments that Merlin was forced to endure, and even the Crack
in the Sky are because of selfish monsters like YOU!" Jaune growled.
I wanted to rip this old man a new one but [Gamer's Mind] begged to differ.
"... she raped me, you know? Towa I mean. She strapped me to her lab table and had her way
with me before trying to turn me into her pet husband." I suddenly said, catching everyone's
attention. "She tried to make me into a monster just like her and while I managed to escape,
my body was racked in constant pain as it mutated only to painfully regress back to normal.
Do you have any idea what that's like? To have your body, your very soul painfully violated
in such a way? Meanwhile, everyone I cared about tried to fight off all of Rustyrose's victims
whom he had turned inside out made them his playthings."
"Azule..." Ruby murmurs as she watches me stand up and walk towards Jaune.
"You call me selfish because of what others did? What their ambitions led to? Or are you
implying I should have done nothing let them rule all of reality with everyone as their slaves?
Despite the fact that they experimented on countless women just like Merlin?" I stop just a
few inches away from his face and stare directly at his eyes. "Hell, would you look me in the

eye and say it was my fault that they turned our parents into monsters just to fuck with us?
Because they did that, Jaune. They dug them out of their graves, revived them, modified
them and showed them off to us like trophies just for shits and giggles!"
Everyone sat in frozen shock by my rant, even Jaune was unable to find the words to throw
back at him.
After a few more moments, they watch Azule turn around and walk towards the door.
"Where are you going, Angel-nii-san?" Alice innocently asks.
I grab the doorknob. "... I need to decompress. I won't be back for a while." I glance at the old
knight. "I suggest you get your head on straight before trying to pick unwinnable fights, boy."
"Azule, wait!" Ruby frantically calls out, but her brother is already gone.
"Good riddance." Jaune says before he was suddenly sucker-punched and knocked to the
ground.
When Jaune regained his bearings, he looked up to see a FURIOUS Yang, with everyone
else in the room, including Merlin, were also glaring at him.
"What the hell is wrong with you, Jaune?! Why did you have to do that?!" Yang angrily
yelled. "Did you not even CONSIDER a single word we said?! Or is your head too far up
your ass to even listen!?"
"I did you all a favor. Someone like him should not be trusted!" Jaune argued.
"And now we lost our brother, our one shot to leave the Ever After and beat Salem all in one
minute!" Yang retorts.
"You're acting like Ironwood, Jaune." Blake coldly points out which made Jaune angry.
"Don't compare me to Ironwood! Ironwood was willing to sacrifice countless innocent people
due to his madness!" Jaune replied, offended at the comparison.
"And you're willing to put the ENTIRE Ever After and all its innocent inhabitants at risk by
antagonizing the one person who can help us save it! Not to mention endangering everyone
on Remnant by fighting with the one person who could give us an actual chance against
Salem!" Weiss argued in frustration. "Coupled with your paranoia, how does that NOT make
you like Ironwood?"
Before Jaune could answer, he was interrupted by Ruby.
"Azule did more than just protect us as we traveled the Ever After, Jaune. We… I was in a
dark place." Ruby spurs out, the raw emotion burning through her mouth. "He… He felt like
someone who would always be there for us when we felt lost or alone." Her eyes began to
water. "We've lost so much. Beacon, Pyrrha, Atlas, Penny… mom. But Azule gave us hope.
Hope that despite everything, we still have a chance. A chance to make sure all those losses
weren't in vain, and you DESTROYED IT, Jaune!"

As Ruby finished, she was already crying, with Yang immediately consoling her sister while
glaring at Jaune.
The Huntresses then proceed to leave the house before they are soon followed by the others.
Alice looks back at Jaune as he looks down in shame before walking out, leaving only Merlin
behind.
"Jaune." Merlin began. "From the moment I met you, I knew you were a good man. But as
I've gotten to know you better, I also learned you are suffering from a great deal of pain,
trauma, betrayal, and desperation." She says, drawing Jaune's attention. "The biggest piece of
evidence is with the Paper Pleasers, who you believe you're saving due to supposedly
knowing better, but you are keeping them from moving forward. They act clumsy on purpose
so that they can Ascend and be better. All you've been doing is keeping them imprisoned,
ignoring their wishes and preventing them from becoming what they needed to be."
Jaune clenches his fight tightly. "What am I supposed to do, Merlin?! No matter how hard I
try, I always seem to fail and lose the things I value when it matters most!"
Merlin pats his shoulder. "I know you mean well, Jaune, but you have to understand that
nothing ever goes the way you want." She states. "And something that is almost never talked
about is that the hardest part of being a hero is the fact that you ultimately can't save
everyone. That doesn't mean you shouldn't strive for the best possible outcome or try to help
as best you can, but there are some things you can't control."
At this, Jaune finally sits down in shame. "I really messed up, didn't I?"
"Yes, you did. You let your paranoia and cynicism create a wall between yourself and your
friends." Merlin said.
"After everything we've been through, I've learned to not believe in others so easily." Jaune
began. "Ozpin lied, Leonardo betrayed us, and Ironwood threatened to destroy Mantle. All of
the people with power have either let us stray or tried to kill us. How do you expect me to
trust someone like that!?"
"I can't say that I understand what you've been through, but you shouldn't let your prejudice
get in the way of your friends." Merlin told him. "Azule isn't like those people. You shouldn't
judge him for your past, especially given how much he has done for your friends."
"Then what should I do…?" Jaune asked, looking so lost.
"Well, for starters, get off your ass and apologize to both Azule and Team RWBY. Then work
from there to deal with the Cat." Merlin advised, to which Jaune nodded and left. 'I hope you
return soon, Azule. There's too much at stake and our only chance at getting through this is
with your help.'
I was flying through the air, wanting to clear my head and make some distance between the
Paper Pleaser's Acre and myself.

'Well, that could have gone better.' I thought in annoyance at the stupid bickering with
Jaune. 'I get that Jaune has been through a lot since arriving in the Ever After after Alyx's
betrayal and struggling to realize he can't save everyone, but he seemed a lot more hostile
and distrustful than in canon.'
[You have to remember that Jaune doesn't know you as well as the others. Plus the
presence of an evil Pyrrha clone would throw him near the edge]
'Yeah, I guess you're right.' I conceded before another thought crossed my mind. 'Wait a
minute, where's the dragon? I didn't check if it was destroyed or not.'
[Well, you better check on it quickly. Last thing we need is it going on a rampage even
without its owner, or worse, your suspicions of who is inside it are true and Team
RWBY finds out]
'You're right, we better find that Dragon, and quick!' I anxiously thought before using a
combination of [Radar] and [Ki Sense] to try and locate the crystal dragon, before flying in
the direction of the blast I shot at it and following the largest concentration of [Chaos
Energy] I could detect.
As he passes by several acres, he comes to see disturbances in the land. Before long, I arrive
at a mountain range that's been nearly destroyed with multitudes of Chaos crystals littering
the area.
I land close to the pile. "No dragon. But a shitton of crystals." I pick one up and quickly
notice something. "These crystals have been drained of power. But where did it go?"
Suddenly, my [Radar] goes off and I leap back just as something lands where I was standing.
Standing before me was a teenage girl around the same age of most of Team RWBY with
long, curly orange hair with an ahoge sticking out from the top of her head, green eyes, and a
pale complexion who wore an olive green German styled dress with a black hem that was
striped with emerald green, four golden buttons, a white blouse with puffy shoulder sleeves, a
black ribbon around her neck, and both a black and pink bow on her head.
However, what stood out most were the slitted pupils, the crystal horns sticking out of her
head, a dragon's tail, draconic scales covering her arms and legs, and the claws protruding
from her hands and feet, and a crystal protruding from her chest along with blood stains on
her blouse. All the while her body radiates high quantities of [Negative Chaos Energy].
Name: P̴̫̞̬͆̆ ȇ̵͚ n̴̥̰͆̄̑ͅ n̴̲͚̟͂́͝y̶̞͆̚ ̴̖̺͎̀͗P̵̥͚̬͂̂͆ o̸̢͇̒͂ l̶͔͖̒̀̈ ê̶͙͖̅̍ n̸̙̮̔̾̕d̴̯̞̎́ i̸̙̯̙̎̌ n̷̖̝̓ a̸̤̲̭͗̈́͝
Title: Robo-Girl, Protector of Mantle, Chaos Maiden
Affiliation: Team RWBY, Atlas (Former), Atlas Academy (Former), Atlas Military
(Former)
Level: 1017
HP: 102,623,325

MP: 121,845,132
SP: 123,202,312
AP: 125,863,243
Thoughts about you: n/a
"Penny…" I muttered.
!̶͙̯̗̩̬̀̽̓
"̸̫̜̼̔̍͆̋ Ŗ̷̂ W̸̮͙̹͖̏̉͠ W̴̼͉̞͍̒̀̒́̍ͅ W̴̹̫̤̑ W̸͙̯̜̞͍͐̿ W̸̱͙͎̽͜ Ä̷͓̫͉̜́̊̎̕ͅ A̴͖̔͗́̽ Á̸̙̩̣͝Ä̶̛̗̝͈͕̾̈́́Â̵̧̘̹͙͇̈́͆ A̸̞͒ À̷̢ Ǻ̵͕̥̥̉̚Ȧ̴̪̣̂̽͘ͅ R̸̦̯̩̯͚͝R̵̪̫͚͖̈͋̀R̶̹̺̹̘̪̿͋̎̈́ Ŗ̶̩̬͖̈́͝R̷̠̯͚͌͝ !̵͉̏͒ͅ!̴̧̮̰͇͖͒̔̈́!̵̬̳͂̓͛"̶̰̎ Penny unleashes a deafening roar that blows away
all of the dead crystals.
"So I was right. You were the dragon all along." I said as I changed to my [Supreme
Seraphim] form.
Penny launches towards me, her claws poised to rip her prey to shreds.
A silver aura surrounds my body as I effortlessly dodge her attack.
"I don't wanna hurt you, Penny. Wake up!" I plead but my only response is a feral growl.
[She's devolved into a wild animal. The only way to stop her now is to tame her. You
may need to beat her into submission in order to help her regain control of herself]
I equip [Beowulf] and get into a stance. "Let's go Penny."
Penny charges towards me.
"Holy Kaioken X100!" I am immediately enveloped in a blinding radiance.
Penny's response was to pounce towards me, but I easily evaded it before unleashing a flurry
of punches that blew Penny away.
"Take this!" I summon 3 [Gaster Blasters] and augment them with both holy power
and [Chaos Energy] before unleashing several blasts at Penny.
*BOOM!*
An explosion erupts from where Penny was standing moments ago, but I wasn't stupid
enough to think something like that alone would be enough to beat her, which I was because
when the smoke disappeared to reveal Penny had multiple burns and lacerations across her
body that weren't healing as her [Aura] shatters, having tanked the full blast.
Penny once again pounced towards me with her claws out and unleashed a flurry of slashes,
but I easily blocked them with my arms and [Beowulf, with the gauntlets reinforcing the
defense of the block.
Right as Penny was aiming for a particularly devastating slash, I easily sidestepped it before I
sucker-punched her with a fist supercharged with [God Ki] and [Chaos Energy] that sent her

flying away.
I follow up on it with several blasts of divine power combined with [God Ki] and [Chaos
Energy] that triggered a series of explosions around Penny. I refused to let up until I was
certain that Penny would be too weakened to fight back.
"Just stay down already! It's becoming really hard not to kill you by accident!" I rush at
her and deliver a kick to her sternum, then follow it up with two strikes in the chest and a jab
at both shoulders with enough force to dislocate them.
The feral girl grits her teeth in both anger and in pain, her dislocated arms dangling limply on
both sides, but it wasn't enough as she just lunges forward to bite my neck but I just dodge
her again and punch her square in the face sending her tumbling back before collapsing on
the floor.
'Okay, that's it, I've had enough of this.' I thought in annoyance before restraining Penny with
chaos-reinforced [Dark Matter] to ensure she couldn't erode them away.
I approach the unconscious Penny and pat her head.
"Hope this works." I activate [Psionic Manipulation] and combine it with my
limited [Energy Manipulation] to restore Penny's mind while employing subtle alterations
to her body aimed at making her body generate pure [Chaos Energy] rather than the negative
variant.
The effects are immediate as her horns and tail retract and her scales quickly disappear. The
shard on her chest also retracts, leaving just her unblemished skin and bit of cleavage.
Name: Penny Polendina
Title: Title: Robo-Girl, Protector of Mantle, Chaos Maiden
Affiliation: Team RWBY, Atlas (Former), Atlas Academy (Former), Atlas Military
(Former)
Level: 1001
HP: 567,577
MP: 121,845,132
SP: 9,213,000
AP: 0
Thoughts about you: n/a
I dismiss my transformation as I gently put her down. I looked down at the girl and couldn't
help but smile. "She's alive…!"

[The {Negative Chaos Energy} must have revived her while inside that crystal cocoon.
And she still holds the {Chaos Maiden} title. I wonder what sort of powers she'll have
now]
'At minimum, it'll mean she'll have all the powers of a Maiden but with a little Chaos added
to the mix.' A mischievous chuckle leaves my mouth. 'I can just IMAGINE the look on
Cinder's face now.'
I imagine a shocked Cinder standing in the desert looking up at the sky as she sees Penny
looking down on her with rage and contempt. Multi-colored swords circle behind her like a
halo, each holding unique abilities.
In short, it was glorious!
I kneel in front of her and use [Salvation] to help heal her injuries and revitalize any
exhaustion she has. It took over a minute due to the stupid restrictions on the skill, but she
ultimately was fully healed.
Just as I move my hand away from her, Penny begins to stir before opening her eyes.
"W-What happened? Where am I? How am I still alive?" Penny says rapidly before focusing
on the man in front of her. "And who are you?"
"Easy, easy. You're okay." I calmly said. "My name is Azule Rose. As for where you are, it's a
bit difficult to explain, but long story short, you are in the Ever After. Yes, the same one
from [The Girl Who Fell Through The World]. As for how you're alive… that's even more
complicated."
"Y-You said your name was R-Rose? Are you related to Ruby Rose by any chance?" Penny
stammers in confusion and curiosity.
"Technically, I'm her older adoptive brother. Summer Rose adopted me before she died, but I
never met her daughters until today." I reveal to her, causing Penny to blink in surprise before
grabbing my shoulders.
"Where is Ruby? Is she and her teammates okay? Are the people of Atlas okay?!" Penny
asked in worry.
"Ruby and her teammates are more or less okay, barring any accumulated trauma they have."
I bluntly told her. "They and Jaune are in a village not far from here that I can take you to.
And as for the people of Atlas, they are okay, as Jaune confirmed everyone else got to Vacuo
safely."
At this, Penny seemed relieved at the fact that the people of Atlas were okay and that her
friends were nearby, though she didn't fail to notice what I said regarding their condition, but
put that aside for the moment.
"Could you please take me to them, Azule?" Penny asks in a polite manner.

"Of course, but it will be easier if I just fly us both there. And word of warning, your friend
Jaune is gonna look different from what you remember. So try not to be too surprised when
you see him." I told her, who blinked at the information before shaking her head and smiling
at me.
"That will not be a problem, lead the way!" Penny says, after which I grab her and fly back to
the Paper Pleasers' village.
Team RWBY were right next to the pond in the Paper Pleasers' village, with Ruby receiving
comfort from her teammates and their Afteran companions while they worried about the
possibility of proceeding without Azule.
"What are we gonna do? Without Azule, not only will it be near-impossible to leave the Ever
After, but both the Ever After and Remnant are now in danger." Ruby asks in a despondent
manner.
"Ruby, Azule has every right to be upset after what Jaune did, but he's been supportive of us
in any way he could since we met him." Yang reassures her sister. "And he's our brother, I
doubt he'll just abandon us."
"Sir Asmodeus certainly wouldn't abandon his sisters or the Ever After with how much is at
stake, lady Ruby." Peter tells her, fully confident that Asmodeus would fulfill Augur's
prophecy and save the Ever After.
Before Ruby could respond, they heard footsteps and turned to see Jaune approaching, with
Merlin trailing several feet away from him.
"What do you want, Jaune?" Weiss asks in a cold manner. Despite everything they've been
through together, his behavior as of late has been completely unacceptable, especially with
how much was at stake.
"I…I came to apologize to you all." Jaune told them, though they still appeared a little
apprehensive. "After everything we've been through, Ozpin's secrets, Lionheart's betrayal and
Ironwood's madness, I… just felt we had to be wary of individuals with power who pretended
to be our friend at first only for their true colors to be revealed. My experiences with Alyx
and the Cat certainly didn't help either."
"... He only wanted to help, Jaune. He only wanted us to get home; both his and ours." Ruby
whips her head around, angry silver eyes meet guilty blue ones. "And you chased him out,
like he was a damned Grimm!"
Jaune flinches at the harsh words and looks down in shame.
"I-I know I messed up, and there's no excuse for the way I acted towards Azule, especially
after everything he's done for you all and being your brother. And for that, I am truly sorry."
"We get you've been through a lot, Jaune, and it is true that it isn't easy to quickly trust
someone after everything we've been through, but Azule seems genuine and earnest in his

desire to help us even before we learned his relation to Ruby and Yang." Blake speaks up.
"The fact that Azule offered to help us beat Salem despite us never asking or coming from a
different version of Remnant should also speak volumes of his character." Weiss points out.
Azule didn't HAVE to help them, even if Ruby and Yang were his sisters, but he CHOSE to
help them.
"…If Azule chooses to forgive you, I'll let this slide. But Jaune, the things you accused him
of were uncalled for. We could tell by how Azule spoke of our mom that he was being
genuine and held her in the same regard we did. So it's only natural he would be greatly
offended by your accusations." Yang says, not wanting to completely burn her longtime
friendship with Jaune but also wanting him to understand that what he did was unacceptable.
"I know, and I'll make sure to apologize to Azule when I see him, even if I need to get on my
knees to show my sincerity." Jaune swore before looking at Ruby. "And Ruby, I'm truly sorry
for not truly considering what Azule could have meant to you as a brother."
"He's a good person, Jaune. I can see why Mom thought he would be a good older brother to
us." Ruby says to him.
Before they could continue any further, Alice came running towards them with Zeke
following.
"Jaune-nii-san! Angel-san is coming back, and he even brought back a friend!" Alice informs
them, causing all of them to immediately turn towards her in surprise.
"Where is Azule?" Ruby asks the little girl, who simply points to the right, and sure enough,
they see Azule flying, and accompanying him was…
"I-I don't believe it…!" A shocked Weiss exclaims.
A wide-eyed Blake steps in. "Is that-!?"
"PENNY!" Ruby bursts forward as a flurry of rose petals.
Penny only sets her feet on the ground before she is tackled down by a red stream that
quickly changes back to a crying Ruby. "Penny!"
"Salutations, Friend Ruby!" Penny smiles.
"Ah… ah!" Ruby wails on Penny's chest while she gives her a tight hug.
Penny strokes her hair before looking up to see the others running towards her.
"Penny!" Team _WBY screams out in happiness as they join Ruby in embracing Penny.
Jaune has a small smile but it quickly dies an ugly death when he sees Azule standing beside
her.

"A-Azule." Jaune stammered, drawing both my attention and that of everyone else. "I just
wanted to say…I'm sorry for how I acted and what I said earlier. I realize that what I did was
uncalled for, unjustified, and completely unacceptable after everything you've done,
regardless of whatever reasons I may have had. The fact that you brought Penny back only
further proves I was wrong."
I stare at him another moment before sighing. "I'm not typically one to hold unnecessary
grudges, Jaune, but that doesn't mean I'll forget what you said." I narrow my eyes and Jaune
flinches. "If you EVER dare to accuse me of murdering my mom or brainwashing my sisters
again, I'm gonna personally and slowly rearrange your internal organs. Okay?"
Jaune rapidly nods.
"Good!" I smiled while the girls sweat dropped in the background.
"So it's true? Azule really IS your brother?" Penny asks Ruby and Yang, to which they both
nod in confirmation.
"Yep. He's our brother, and a Super Brother at that!" Yang says proudly before looking at me.
"Speaking of which, how IS Penny back, Azule?"
"It's a long story." I sighed before explaining how Penny's body had apparently been encased
in a giant Chaos Crystal that the Fake-Pyrrha likely molded into the Crystal Dragon, how
the [Negative Chaos Energy] likely revived her, and how I had stumbled onto Penny in a
feral state before restoring her mind and purifying her [Chaos Energy].
Needless to say, they are all surprised as they take it all in.
"Are you sure Penny will be okay? That she won't turn into a Chaos Monster?" Jaune asks in
worry, to which I nod in confirmation.
"Don't worry, Jaune. I made sure that Penny would only generate pure [Chaos Energy] rather
than the negative variant, ensuring that she's in full control and making her stronger to boot."
I reassured him.
"I don't think Azule would have brought Penny here if there was a risk of her turning into a
Chaos Monster, Jaune." Weiss points out, causing Jaune to look down in shame.
"It's fine, Weiss. Azule explained what you all had been through since arriving in the Ever
After while flying over here." Penny informs her before looking at Jaune and Team RWBY
with a somber expression. "And I just wanted to tell you all how sorry I am for all the pain I
caused you all. No matter how well-intended my sacrifice may have been, especially for you,
Jaune. I feel ashamed by how much I hurt all of you."
"What's important is that you're back, Penny! And that Azule is back to help us save the Ever
After, get back to Remnant, and stop Salem for good!" Ruby says while looking at me with
hope, to which I chuckle.

"I promised I would help you all get home and help give you the means to stop Salem, and I'd
be a bad brother if I broke my word now." I say in amusement before Ruby suddenly leaves
Penny to hug me.
"Thank you, Azule! You really are the best brother ever!" Ruby says, to which I simply look
down at her with a warm smile.
"Don't mention it, Ruby." I told her.
"I know you said not to be too surprised upon seeing Jaune, but why does Jaune look much
older, Azule?" Penny's voice catches my attention.
"It's a long story, one that Jaune is better suited to explaining." I told her before my
expression turns more serious as I look at everyone. "Now, as joyous as this reunion
undoubtedly is, we need to get ready for whatever challenges come in 3 days."
"Azule, I now realize I shouldn't be so quick to doubt you, but can you really get us ready for
the Cat and Salem in just 3 days?" Jaune asks, to which I chuckle in response.
I chuckled. "Well, what if I tell you I can make 3 days into 3 years?"
"What are you talking about?" A confused Yang asks and my smile widens.
"Gather everyone tell them to meet me in Jaune's house. You're gonna love it!" I walk back to
the village leaving a confused group of Huntsmen behind.
"What do you think he's talking about?" Weiss asks her friends and they shrug.
11 minutes later
Everyone back in Jaune's living room as I walk into the room.
"Thank you for your patience. The preparations are now complete." I said.
"What's this about training? I'm not a fighter. I shouldn't be getting training!" Saya snapped.
"Enough, Saya. What's important is that we are getting this training now." Saeko tells her
before looking at me and bowing her head in respect. "We would be honored to accept your
training, Azule-san."
"Thanks Saeko." I nod in appreciation before looking at Saya. "I understand that you may not
have asked to become a fighter, Saya, but people are capable of being many things rather than
just one or two, and more often than not, we are forced to adapt depending on the
circumstances we are presented with. Weren't you all forced to adapt when your world
collapsed due to a zombie infestation?"
Saya flinched at the reminder before conceding at the valid point.
"Besides, we don't know how dangerous the Cat may be in 3 days or how much the situation
will escalate due to possibly more Chaos Monsters appearing, so I would prefer to ensure you

all can defend yourselves sufficiently." I explained before looking at Alice. "And that
includes you as well, Alice. I'm not trying to turn you into a child soldier or anything, but
you'll need to be able to protect yourself if you get separated from your friends or if they need
help."
Alice looked eager at the thought of being able to support her surrogate older sisters, with
Zeke barking happily.
"So, how are you going to extend our 3-day deadline? Though I guess it'd be 2 now since we
spent so much of that time arguing." Weiss said.
"Not really. I know some time dilation spells. I can make an hour here become a day outside
and vice versa." Merlin explains.
"Follow me." I beckoned them and the group quickly followed until we stopped at a door.
"Isn't that just my supply closet?" Jaune chimed in.
"Not anymore." I turn the knob and open the door, though instead of finding a broom or
cleaning supplies the group only sees a white void.
"Whu…?" The girls slowly walk inside and find themselves inside a house of sorts
overlooking an endless expanse of pure white.
I walk in front of them and extend my arms out. "Welcome to my Hyperbolic Time
Chamber!"
"No way! Is this really the Room of Spirits and Time from Dragon Ball Z!?" A shocked Saya
said.
[Wait, she watches Dragon Ball? I didn't expect that]
"Wait, what's the Room of Spirits and Time?" A confused Rei asks her pink friend.
Saya adjusts her glasses. "The Room of Spirits and Time is a place where time flows
significantly faster than in the outside world. Specifically, one day outside is equivalent to
one year inside." She looks at me. "I'm surprised you know about this place. Just who are
you?"
"Just a traveler who's picked up a thing or two on the way. No biggie." I shrugged but Saya
doesn't buy it as she grabs me by the collar and tries (and fails) to shake me.
"No way, buster! You're gonna tell me how you know so much if it's the last thing I do!" She
declares.
Merlin looks around with an eager smile on her face. "How did you do this?"
"Doing the impossible is my specialty, believe it or not." I boasted as I looked at the others.
"As Saya has explained, a single day outside is one year here. And due to its infinite size, I

can train each of you without concern for collateral damage, which you'll understand as I
train you."
"So that's why you seemed so confident that 3 days would be enough to prepare us for the
Cat and Salem." Blake says in amazement.
"Exactly, Blake." I tell her in amusement before looking at the others with a serious
expression. "Be prepared, guys. Learning magic isn't easy even if you're insanely talented
like Merlin, since it also takes plenty of training and practice to both get the hang of it and get
stronger. And this is even more true for [Ki]. But if you persevere and put in the effort, I
promise you all that the effort WILL be worth it."
Everyone looks at each other before looking at me with determined expressions.
"We're ready, Azule. And we'll do whatever it takes to save both the Ever After and
Remnant." Ruby declares, drawing nods from her friends and teammates.
"I too am eager to learn and master this [Aura] and [Ki] and possibly blend it with my
magic, so I hope you have room for me, handsome~" Merlin says before sending me a sultry
wink. It seems she's quickly becoming more interested in the enigmatic male in front of her
by the minute.
"It's official: Azule is the best brother ever!" Yang says, to which Ruby eagerly nods in
agreement.
"Yay! We're gonna get superpowers!" Alice cheers and Zeke barks in agreement.
"Wait, what about Jaune? He's already much older due to time travel, won't 3 years be a bit
much for him?" Blake asks in concern, to which I shake my head.
"I already got that covered. I can use the [Arc of Time] to halt the aging process for you all."
I said.
"[Arc of Time]?" Penny asks.
"I'll explain later." I replied. "While we're on the subject of Jaune, I'm surprised you haven't
offered to unlock the [Aura] of Merlin and the others. It certainly would have helped with the
invasion."
"…It admittedly never crossed my mind." Jaune sheepishly admits.
"You mean you could have helped us get superpowers at any time but didn't because you
FORGOT?!" Saya exclaimed in annoyance, before Saeko extended her arm in front of Saya
to silence her.
I snort in amusement before looking back to the others. "Ready, everyone? Because your
training starts now."
Author Notes

This should cover episodes 6-7.
Also I made Saya into a bit of an anime nerd because I thought it'd be funny.
Peace~

Chapter 37: Ever After Finale: The Last Act
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
Aincrad – Throne Room
"Okay… that should… do it!" Lamy says as she puts on the final touches.
She takes a few steps back, looking at her work with pride while Kisuke hums in interest
along with Sigma, 21 and Church looks appalled.
The perspective switches to Asmodeus' throne, now having a multitude of cables attached to
all sides. A control terminal has been crudely attached to the left arm bar and a joystick on
the right.
"What do you think? Isn't she beautiful?" Lamy asks.
"Well… it's something, senpai." An uncertain 21 remarks.
"It looks like shit." Church bluntly comments, earning Lamy's ire.
"It is very… crude." Sigma says, trying to sound less blunt than his progenitor.
"You've jury rigged the throne to act as a pseudo control system." Kisuke says. "But I'm more
curious as to how you did it since… the link doesn't exist."
"Well, the control room wasn't completely destroyed. The primary control circuits were still
intact." Lamy's smile turns smug. "It was just a matter of linking the circuits to a compatible
system. This throne controls the castle's internal defense systems, so it's the perfect
substitute."
"Are you sure this will work? It doesn't seem safe." 21 said.

"Just don't step on any of the cables when they're live, otherwise you'll be in for
a nasty shock." Lamy walks towards the throne and sits down. "Now, all I need is to activate
the scanner to show us Asmodeus-sama's location and we'll be off!"
"$200 says this is gonna blow up on her face." Church says.
21 leans closer to Kisuke. "Did you manage to fix the computer systems, Kisuke-san?"
"Somewhat." Kisuke admits.
"He accidentally fried some internal components while conversing with Ms. Shihōin. Then
hastily rigged a bypass circuit just to operate basic functions." Sigma adds which causes 21 to
sharply turn to the shipowner.
"Did you tell senpai that!?" 21 shrieked and Kisuke let out a nervous chuckle.
"... oops?" Kisuke says before a sound catches their attention.
"Yes! I got a fix on his location!" Lamy cheers. "Now to-"
*GONG* *GONG*
The Cloister Bell sounds off as the entire throne room turns red.
"Told you." Church said.
"What's going on!?" Lamy says before a message appears on the scanner.
ALERT! ALERT!
NAVIGATION FAILED!
CRITICAL ENGINE MALFUNCTION!
"WHAT!?" Lamy screams before the entire room starts to shake.
"Shut it down, senpai!" A distressed 21 yells at an equally distressed Lamy.
"I'm trying! The controls aren't responding!" She yells before the throne suddenly catches fire
and explodes.
"Senpai!"
Outside, everyone in Magnolia watches bolts of energy shoot off the [Aincrad] while making
a weird groaning and wheezing sound, almost like it's sick.
Mirajane, Brandish and Erza burst out of the guild building and watch in shock as the
towering [Aincrad] begins to slowly phase in and out of sight.
"... is that supposed to happen?" A confused Brandish asks outloud.

"We need to get the others." Erza says and runs back inside.
"Did Lamy, 21, and Kisuke-san finish the repairs? Why haven't they contacted us about it?"
Mirajane asks in confusion. If the [Aincrad] had been restored, Fairy Tail would be the first
to know. The fact that the massive fortress is acting like this almost feels wrong. "Something
must have happened in there."
"I just hope no one's trying to steal the [Chaos Emeralds]. Again. Rustyrose and Towa did
enough damage with those already." Brandish shudders at the idea of some slimy bastard
using the emeralds for evil, again.
"I know what you mean." Mirajane agreed as Team Natsu and several other members of Fairy
Tail came out of the guild building.
"Whoa, what's going on with the [Aincrad]?! Is Azzy back?!" Natsu asks as his tone shifts
from curious to excited at the thought of seeing his best friend again.
"We don't know. The [Aincrad] is acting strange and we haven't heard anything from inside
the castle." Mira notes in concern.
"Well, don't just stand there! Let's go!" Erza says as she and the others present immediately
fly towards the [Aincrad, but as they get closer, the bolts of energy emanating from it
increase and it becomes more and more transparent.
Before they could get even halfway to Lake Scilliora, the group is hit by a sudden energy
field that knocks them out of the air before the entire area is engulfed in a blinding flash of
light.
When they come to, they find themselves near the edge of the lake… the [Aincrad] gone.
"It's gone! Where did it go?!" Wendy asks in worry.
"I don't know…" Erza looks at the now empty lake, shock and horror riddling her face, but
she quickly steels herself and turns to the group. "Let's head back to the guild for now and tell
the Master what happened. He can have the Magic Council conduct a search."
"But Erza, the [Aincrad] can go anywhere in time and space. It may not be in Earthland at
all." Levy points out and Erza grits her teeth.
"Then we'll search in Edolas, and if not there, then we'll go to Elentear and ask for Selene's
help. We'll rally the others and use everything at our disposal to find the [Aincrad]!" Erza
says in a higher decibel before a hand grabs her shoulder.
"We'll find them, Erza. And we'll bring Asmodeus-kun home." Mira calmly tells her friend.
Erza looks at the She-Devil and calms down. "Yes." She turns to Levy. "Forgive me for my
outburst."
"It's okay, Erza. I understand." Levy said.

Mira smiles before turning to Gray with a serious expression. "Gray, please rally the rest of
the guild. I know we just finished reconstruction of the town and they want to take a break,
but we'll need all the help we can get. Also please notify Ur-san about what happened."
"Yeah." Gray nods before taking flight.
"Natsu, you go and find Goku-san, Vegeta-san, Kefla-san, and Cell. If they aren't sparring
against each other, then they're most likely eating." Mirajane told the pinkette, having
become familiar with the habits of Cell and the Saiyans.
"Got it!" Natsu says and flies off.
"Hey Natsu, wait for us!" Happy days as he, Lucy, Wendy, and Carla follow him.
"Levy, go find Cana-chan and tell her to get in contact with Athena and Métis, along with
Mercphobia and Elefseria if possible, to see if they can help us with our search." Mirajane
tells her, drawing a nod from the bluenette before she flies away.
Mirajane then turned towards Brandish. "Brandish, head to the Alvarez Empire and inform
them of the situation. I know for a fact that Irene, Dimaria, Seilah and the others will want to
help."
"Help is a pretty weak word to describe them, but I'll do it if it means finding Asmodeussama." Brandish puts two fingers on her forehead and vanishes via [Instant Transmission].
"... You sure take initiative when the situation demands it." Comments Erza, not used to the
white-haired mage taking the leader role despite their many years together.
"It happens when my loved ones are involved." She said, her voice carrying a slight bit of
steel in it.
"And what would you have me do?" Erza asks in curiosity, with her and Mirajane being the
only ones left.
"We're going to Elentear and request for Selene-san's help. She might be able to track the
emeralds' energy." Mirajane reveals, remembering the Dragon Goddess once mentioning her
ability to sense [Chaos Energy] thanks to Towa fusing her with the Svartalfheim Tree. She
also mentioned Mira having a similar ability but it revolved around the [Master
Emerald] since she was its "Guardian" but she doesn't understand what that meant.
"I think Vados and Marcarita also mentioned seeing the universe through their staves." Erza
adds before giving her friend/rival a concerned look. "Are you sure you want to go to
Elentear? The girls still aren't used to your presence, thanks to your new occupant."
She has been to one of the therapy sessions the goddess hosts in her castle, and while they
were making significant progress, the girls still suffered the occasional PTSD episode.
Yoruichi nearly gouged out the eyes of a nearby handmaiden but was luckily knocked out by
Vados before she could do the deed. Mira's presence there would only exacerbate the
problem, not alleviate it.

"It should be fine, as long as we go to Selene-san directly." Mira assures her. "Plus Jean-san,
Emma-san and Lady Avalon should be able to stop them if things get hairy."
"…I know I can't stop you, Mira, but will the girls be up for it? They are still recovering from
their experience." Erza replied cautiously.
"They will if we say it's for Asmodeus-kun's sake." Mirajane points out. Talking about her
husband (or Emma sharing the collective memories of their experiences with Asmodeus,
including the intimate moments) had proven an incredible catalyst for their recovery.
Asmodeus' harem knew why, as the signs were obvious: barring a few exceptions like
Meredy (who got back together with Jellal while she was recovering) or some of the girls
who had yet to properly meet him and being treated with happy memories of their true love
interests.
"You're right, let's go." Erza nods in acceptance as Mirajane created a portal to Elentear, one
of many abilities she has been developing since the Battle on the Halo Array.
'We'll find you Asmodeus-kun! Just wait a while longer.' Mira swears as they both enter the
portal.
"Haaah!" Ruby sweeps [Crescent Rose] in devastating arcs but her opponent simply brushes
them aside like their nothing.
"You're putting too much strength into your swings. It's hindering your speed and leaving
yourself wide open!" I thrust forward with [El Dorado] and hit Ruby's side,
her [Aura] blazing as she shoots off like a bullet and sends her tumbling into the white void.
Ruby slowly pulls herself up, her [Aura] having managed to absorb the attack as she gets on
her feet. Her hair starts to become spikier and more solid, her body omitting a mix of silver
and red [Aura] , giving it a pinkish hue, complete with sparkling particles traveling upwards.
When she looks up, her eyes take on a more stern, defined shape, with her [Silver
Eyes] fading into pink at the bottom of the iris.
"So this is the Omen version of your [Semblance]." I remark in a thoughtful
tone. "Interesting, but don't get cocky!" I blur out of sight before reappearing behind
Ruby, [El Dorado] already inches near her neck.
Ruby doesn't speak, turn, or even react. She simply moves her head in an angle that allows
the blade to pass without any effort. Ruby then whips around and kicks him to the stomach,
resulting in a powerful shockwave that blows me away.
I quickly orient myself and stab [El Dorado] to the ground thereby stopping my momentum.
"Good. But I still want to see the full extent of your power." I smiled.
"Don't worry. I'm just warming up." Ruby states in a monotone, echoey voice.
We rush at each other and our weapons clash at such high speeds our arms are like blurs.

In the distance, a figure watches the sibling fight with interest, the sound of metal clashing
against metal rings loudly.
"To think little petal managed to unlock the Omen version of her [Ultra Instinct] so quickly,
the boss must be jubilated." The clone remarks with a smile as two silhouettes jump above
him.
"Big Bang Attack!" Yang yells.
"Explosive Demon Wave!" Saya follows.
The two fire the attacks at near point-blank, engulfing the clone in a massive explosion.
The girls leap out of the cloud and land far away, the two wearing serious expressions on
their faces.
"Really girls? Attacking me while my back is turned." The clouds rapidly dissipate to reveal
a smiling clone. "Have you no honor?~"
"That's rich coming from a bastard like you." Yang says with a playful smirk.
The clone shrugs. "Fair enough I guess, but it's not entirely my fault. You two hotheads just
make it so easy to manipulate."
Saya's brow twitched. "Oh yeah!? Well then, why don't you say that to our faces, you smug
prick?"
*Whoosh~*
The two girls suddenly feel the hairs on the back of their necks stand up as the clone is
now standing in front of them!
"Is that close enough for you, Saya-chan?~" The clone sweetly whispers to the pinkette.
The two didn't have time to respond as their heads were grabbed with a vice-like grip before
they're thrown upwards like frisbees. The clone then fires a ki blast which then splits into
tentacle-like appendages that head straight for them.
The girls fly out of the way but to their shock the tentacles follow after until they are
completely ensnared by it.
The clone tugs and pulls the two in before punching them both square in the chin, sending
them flying before reappearing on the other end and firing an Eraser Cannon at point blank,
resulting in a massive explosion.
Yang and Saya from the smoke and fall on the ground with an audible thud,
their [Auras] now completely broken, all the while the clone stares down at them with his
arms crossed.

"I know the floor's comfortable, but are you two really just gonna lie there all year long?" He
mocked.
As soon as he says that, Yang and Saya slowly start to get back up. Their movements are
sluggish because of the backlash from their [Auras] breaking, but that quickly becomes void
as [Regenerator] heals their injuries.
Yang looks up, her eyes turning a blazing red. "HAAAAAAA!" Suddenly, Yang explodes in
a red and fiery aura before it suddenly combusts, engulfing her in a golden blaze. When it
subsides, Yang's hair is now a crimson red and her body emits a bright fiery aura.
"About time you brought out your new [Semblance] sis, but do you really think that'll be
enough, considering your poor Ki control?" The clone mocks the blonde berserker.
"Why don't we find out?" Yang smirks as she cracks her knuckles.
The clone smiles back. "I'm game. Just don't cry when you lose~"
Yang blasts towards the smug clone of her brother. "Renewal Taekwondo: Fist Strike!" As
soon as she says that, she proceeds to send a barrage of punches in rapid succession, catching
the clone off guard.
[Renewal Taekwondo] is a powerful martial art from God of Highschool, and infusing it
with a power up like [Kaio-ken] makes it an even deadlier art.
The clone quickly goes on the offensive and catches her robot fist. "... Arang." In a blur of
motion, Yang suddenly doubles forward and coughs saliva and a bit of blood as she feels her
body quake in sheer pain.
Yang pulls back as she clutches her stomach while [Regenerator] quickly kicks in and
subdues the pain as she recovers.
"You still have a long way to go before you master the martial art, especially when it comes
to the physical toll a technique like the [Kaio-ken] has." The clone says with a sweet smile.
"It's a good thing we have 3 years to fix it, huh?~" However, he stops as his area of vision
suddenly darkens. "Hm?" He only has time to turn before a GIANT FIST collides with him
and sends him straight to the ground like a bullet.
Yang turns to see a giant-sized Saya towering over the entire realm. "About time. What took
you so long?"
"I needed him to be completely occupied in order to get the upper hand, and your bimbo ass
was the perfect distraction." Saya bluntly states with a grin.
Tick marks appear all over Yang's forehead. "You-!" However, she doesn't get to finish as she
feels a massive power rising.
"That one was free." The two girls turn to see the clone walking towards them as he wipes the
blood from his nose. "I suppose there's no point in drawing this spar any longer."

The girls let out a cold sweat as the clone straightens his posture.
"Kaio-ken x6." The clone bursts in an intense crimson aura, multiplying his power to greater
heights.
Yang starts to focus, veins start to bulge from her forehead as red lighting dances around her
body. With a war cry, her [Aura] flares intensely, unleashing a gush of violent wind that
would have blown anyone weaker, but not us.
"Ah! So you DO have more power than you were letting on." His smug grin never leaves his
face. "Too bad it's still not enough."
Yang launches herself at near lightspeeds, causing a sonic boom that even makes the giant
Saya falter.
The clone leans back to dodge, but Yang is faster and successfully delivers a sucker punch to
the face.
The brawler smirks in victory but it soon dies an ugly death as the clone simply turns his
head around, revealing no damage having been done to him.
"Now then…" He grabs Yang's arm and pulls her back, causing her to grunt in pain from his
grip. "Let the final round begin!"
At the same time
Saeko and Jaune swing their blades at the clone of Azure, who uses [Blue Sister] to block
both blades with no issue. Jaune's armor is no longer rusty but is now pristine white with gold
assets, even his weapons are fully restored. He then twists his wrist and sends both swords
flying out of their hands.
"You are holding your swords too lightly. An experienced fighter could use that to easily
disarm you." The clone uses [Psionic Manipulation] to give them back their weapons and
promptly grab them. "Now, once more."
In a microsecond, Saeko appears in front of the clone and brings her katana down, however,
the attack is deflected and gets kicked in the stomach. Jaune doesn't waste a beat and rushes
in to unleash a series of slashes at the clone, only for him to elegantly dodge each strike
without much effort.
"Your swings have gotten faster Jaune. Your attacks leave no wasted movements.
However…" The clone sweeps Jaune's legs, sending him tumbling back before delivering an
upward slash that Jaune barely manages to block with his shield resulting in a light gash on
the surface. "You still think too much. You can't be reactive on the battlefield, Jaune, you
need to rely on your instincts."
"You mean LIKE THIS!?" Saeko screams from behind as she thrusts her blade forward,
intending to run it through the clone's back… only for [Blue Sister's] blade to block it
midway.

"Exactly like that. No hesitation, no last-minute decisions, just the instinct to win." The clone
turns his head to look at her. "If I didn't know any better, I'd think you're trying to kill me."
Saeko doesn't respond as her eyes glow violet, which then cloaks her katana in a violet aura.
*Crack~*
"?" The clone blinks as he feels cracks forming on [Blue Sister] forcing him to whip around
so the two face each other.
The clone looks at his blade and the growing cracks are now laced with violet energy. "Well,
Saeko-chan, looks like you've finally unlocked your [Semblance]."
Saeko blinks at the reveal. "R-Really?"
"The blade doesn't lie." I raise [Blue Sister] so she can have a better look at the expanding
damage. "It seems your [Aura] has a degrading effect on whatever it touches. A pretty
deadly ability if you ask me."
"Congratulations, Saeko." Jaune said.
The clone watches [Blue Sister] degrade until it turns into ice and rusty metal filings that fall
on the floor. "Pity. She was one of my prettier swords."
"I'm sorry." Saeko says sincerely and the clone sighs.
"It's fine, Saeko-chan, nothing lasts forever. Except maybe your [Vibranium] weapons." He
then raises his hand and conjures a sword made of black [Aura]. "Now come at me, you two.
Our sparring session isn't over yet."
Jaune flicks his weapon, merging his sword with the sheath to form a large greatsword.
Saeko raises her katana, a predatory smile forming on her face.
Rei raises her right arm up high and summons a red energy disc. "Take this!" She throws the
disc at her target only for it to be sliced in half by a golden variant of the attack.
"!" Rei quickly leaps upwards but the golden disc simply tracks her at fast speeds. She holds
her right hand backwards before raising her left hand and charges a large pink Ki blast. "Big
Bang Burst!" She fires the blast before firing another Big Bang Attack into the old one,
resulting in an explosion that destroys the Destructo Disc.
"Haa… haa…" Rei wheezes in exhaustion, her body feeling heavier than normal as she lands
on the ground. "How's… that…?"
"A little better, but nothing to write home about." She looks up to the clone of Azure with
both of his arms behind his back. "If you were expecting genuine praise from me, then you
should not look for something that doesn't exist."

Rei's right eye twitched. 'Oh all clones, why did I get the jerk!?'
Unknown to the clone, his shadow starts to shift unnaturally, and a pair of golden eyes with
slits open in its abyss.
Suddenly, tentacles made of pure darkness burst from his shadow and restrained the clone by
grabbing his limbs, much to his surprise. After which, Blake and 2 copies of her emerge from
his shadow, all of them generating a shadowy aura from their bodies.
"[Shadow Slash]!" Blake says as she and her clones use [Gambol Shroud] to slash at him
as their swords were coated in the power of shadows.
The clone grunts as his [Aura] tanks the full damage before smiling. "Not bad, Blake, not
bad. You're certainly getting the hang of your new [Semblance]."
Blake–the original–quickly rushes to Rei. "You okay?"
"Yeah, just tired." Rei says with a smile. "But I still have enough juice for one more attack."
"That's good, because I have a plan." Blake then whispers to Rei what to do.
The clone quickly breaks out of the tentacles' grasp as the clones quickly attack him, but they
are all promptly destroyed with a few precise blows.
Blake's shadow begins to quickly expand and more tentacles burst from its darkness like
bullets towards their intended target, but the clone simply slashes them with his Ki Blade as
he gets closer and closer to his goal.
*CRASH!*
Only to crash face-first on something completely translucent!
"Ow!" The clone rubs his face to nurse aching pain before looking up to see a dome of some
kind surrounding both Blake and Rei.
Blake looks at the dome with equal surprise before her attention quickly moves to Rei.
"W-What's going on…?" An anxious Rei asks the cat Faunus.
"I think… this is your [Semblance]." Blake surmises and Rei's eyes widen.
"This is… mine…?" Rei touches the wall and smiles as a rush of emotion bubbles inside her.
However, not soon after fatigue takes hold and her dome vanishes.
Rei's legs wobble before they give out and she finds herself on all fours, breathing heavily.
"Seems you have finally reached your limit. Shame, I wanted to see just how resilient it is."
The clone sighs in disappointment before turning to Blake with a smile. "I guess it's just you
and me now, kit-kat~"

Blake shudders at the clone's gaze. "I-I've also reached my limit! C-Can I take a break?"
The clone's smile turns predatory as he responds with a single word. "No."
"Hu!" Peter jumps and sends a rain of kicks at the clone, forcing him to raise his arms in
order to block them. The rabbit then senses danger and sees the clone launch his right arm at
fast speeds to grab him, but he flips away, using the index finger as a foothold to push
himself further until he vanishes from sight.
The clone looks at his right hand, his finger red as a result of Peter's stunt. "You used my own
speed to propel yourself and escape my grasp. That [Semblance] of yours is really
troublesome."
Peter's [Semblance] , based on observation, allows him to detect any danger that comes to
him and his body reacts automatically to counter or deviate from said danger; like his very
own [Spidey-Sense].
The clone then feels something grab him and looks down to see ghost versions of Alice
hugging his sides.
"Hehe~" The ghosts giggle before they promptly explode on him.
"Super Ghost Kamikaze success!" Alice cheers as her attack was successful.
"Go Alice!" Little cheers as he animatedly waves little red flags with her face on them while
standing on Zeke's head.
"Bark!" Zeke barks in agreement.
The smoke clears and the clone has a coughing fit. "Geez *Cough* it's a good thing I'm a
clone *Cough* this much smoke *Cough* isn't healthy." Suddenly the floor rumbles and the
ground under him starts to rise and twist, creating a cone-like prison before it is encased in a
torrent of intense flames.
"Normally, this would be bigger but this is all I can muster for now." Merlin states. Her magic
is still restricted but not to the same degree as the Ever After, allowing her to use 57% of her
magic power.
"Go Merlin!" Little flips the flags, now purple with Merlin's [Symbol of the Beast].
However, it only took less than a minute for the prison to be destroyed and the clone to walk
out unscathed.
"You got me again. You always seem to have the upper hand whenever we fight." The clone
remarks as he glances at a smiling Alice. "Clever girl."
Alice's [Semblance] , as we discovered, functions exactly like Clover Ebi's, except that she
can also direct all of the good luck on a single person giving them a 100% success on any
action they take without fail.

"What can I say? I have a good luck charm." Merlin says in a playful tone.
"Hehehe~" Alice giggles in the background.
A massive cloud of dust charges towards us at incredible speeds before abruptly stopping,
revealing Peter standing in front of us.
"I did not expect the momentum from your hand would send me so far. Once again, I
underestimated your prowess, Sir Asmodeus." Peter said.
"Eh, don't worry about it." The clone shrugs and smiles. "So, ready to continue?"
Peter vigorously nods. "Yes!"
Weiss stabs [Myrtenaster] to the floor and multiple blue [Glyphs] manifest and quickly
monsters rise from the circles. They're all floating skeletal torsos with three human skulls
conjoined at the neck rather than one.
"Try to get past this!" The monsters' eye sockets glow blue and the clone finds himself unable
to move as he is getting crushed by intense gravity.
"[Blue Magic]… you've become more accustomed to using your [Runes] , Weiss." The clone
says as she watches her summon orange Borbatusks that roll towards him.
The clone struggles to get up as the monsters around him keep in place long enough for the
summoned Grimm to reach their goal and detonate all at once, creating a large smoke cloud.
Multiple dark purple swords fly out of the smokescreen and stab each monster in the head,
breaking Weiss' hold and turning to dust on the spot before the clone launches himself out of
the smoke and straight towards Weiss with a red bastard sword in his left hand. However,
before he can attack he's blasted back by a rainbow-colored energy beam.
The clone looks up to see Penny descending and landing beside Weiss. Behind her in a circle
formation are seven crystal swords, each with colors identical to the 7 [Chaos Emeralds].
"Your strategy worked, Weiss. Friend Azule is incapacitated." Penny says with a smile.
Weiss, however, looks on stoically and as Penny turns to see the source of her attention she
sees the clone of Azule standing up, clutching his soot-covered chest.
"Damn, that actually hurt. Were you actually trying to kill me Penny?" A skeptic clone asks
the Chaos Maiden.
"You told us to fight with the intent to kill, and while I do not want to kill you, I adjusted the
output so that it will only leave you on the verge of death!" Penny happily explains, slightly
unnerving Weiss.
The clone sweat drops. "... Saeko's been a bad influence on you."

Penny smiles as she floats upwards before shooting herself at light speeds, leaving a train of
rainbow light as well as a sonic boom in her wake.
The clone's eyes turn green and a green wall rises just in time for Penny to collide with it, the
force strong enough to level everything within 200 miles.
Large cracks form as [Kindness] cannot stop the sheer strength of [Chaos Energy] , with
Penny herself smiling as she slowly gets closer little by little.
"..." The clone expression tightens as sweat rolls down his sides. He then closes his eyes
before opening them again to show that they've changed colors; to blue. Immediately, the
wall changes to a blue color and starts to shimmer.
"?" Penny doesn't have time to ponder as she finds herself getting BLASTED at impossible
speeds.
"Penny!" Weiss can only watch the blur that is her friend quickly disappear from her sight.
"You should always expect your enemy to have some sort of trick up their sleeve, it is the key
to tipping the scales of battle." The clone told her.
Weiss narrows her eyes. "I already know that. Don't treat me like I'm a child."
"Sometimes revisiting old lessons can give you a better understanding of things. But if you
think you're above that." He says before taunting her. "Then why not give me a personal
demonstration?"
Weiss wastes no time and summons a purple [Gaster Blaster] and immediately fires a purple
energy beam but her shock the clone simply swats the beam aside, letting it explode in the
background.
"My turn." The clone slams his leg to the floor leaving cracks and a GIANT BLASTER
manifests behind him. "It's been a while since I've used this attack. You better get ready."
Eight giant [Chromas] appear and converge behind the blaster, stacking against one another
as their energies are funneled into the primary blaster.
"Isn't this a bit overkill!?" A nervous and frankly terrified Weiss asks the clone.
"Nah. Besides, you should know that your enemies won't pull their punches." The clone told
her. "Now show me your strength, Weiss Schnee."
Weiss frantically summons 7 purple [Gaster Blasters] and they all charge up.
"Dragon Breaker!" The giant skull fires a massive energy beam.
Weiss' blasters also fire and the two attacks enter a dead lock. However, cracks soon appear
on the Huntress' constructs as they can't withstand her opponent's ridiculous attack power.

"Guh." Weiss' sweats profusely as she tries to maintain her focus. 'This attack is putting a
huge dent on my [Aura]. If I don't do something soon I'll be turned to ashes!'
Suddenly, the clone doubles forward as something attaches itself to his back. He looks back
to see familiar swords stabbing his back as well as another person. "Penny…!"
Penny's eyes burn with a kaleidoscopic haze as she raises her left hand and channels
raw [Chaos Energy] just above her into a spear-shaped energy construct.
"Chaos Spear!" She throws the spear into his back and it immediately causes a chain
reaction with the 7 seven swords, enhancing the construct and it electrocutes him before
exploding.
The Dragon Breaker's energy begins to wane as its user is no longer able to maintain the
output.
Weiss notices the attack weakening and takes the opportunity. She musters every ounce of
willpower she has and focuses all towards her opponent, to defeat him, to return to Remnant,
to protect her friends!
*Ba~Bump!* *Ba~Bump!* *Ba~Bump!*
Weiss feels her heart beating faster, louder. Adrenaline and excitement coursing through her
veins.
She has a goal.
She has a purpose.
She has… Determination!
Weiss' eyes turn red and her blasters take on a red hue and their attack magnifies by a
million-fold, overwhelming the Dragon Breaker and destroying it.
Weiss falls, her [Aura] having reached its limit and shattering.
"Weiss!" Penny flies in and kneels to her friend. "Are you alright?"
Weiss looks at her friend, her red eyes returning to normal. "I'm fine, Penny. Just drained."
From the smoke, the clone of Azule limps out with scorch marks all over his body. "Damn, I
actually felt that." He then falls on his back with a dull thud. "You girls have done well. After
2 years, you mastered both your [Ki] and new [Semblances]. The others are probably
finished as well."
"So we're done?" Weiss asks the clone and he chuckles.
"Sorry, but that's for the boss to decide." His body then starts to disappear into black mist.
"Enjoy the meal girls, you've earned it."

Penny and Weiss watch the mist rise and head towards the central hub.
Later – Central Building
Everyone's sitting at a long dining table eating food that their host had prepared.
"Oh my Dust bro, this is incredible!" Yang swoons as she eats her plate.
"This fish is cooked to perfection!" Blake takes a bite of her grilled fish and immediately
goes for more.
"No matter how many times I eat it, this beef stew is just impossibly good!" Jaune exclaims.
"Thanks guys, but it's no big deal." I said.
"As if! This stuff is way better than all of the rations we had to eat back home!" Saya says
while eating her large beef bowl.
"She is correct, you sell yourself short, dear." Merlin states as she drinks her glass of wine.
"Hm, Ban would definitely see you as a rival."
Everyone here has made tremendous progress in their training since they started two years
ago. Before, they couldn't make a dent on my clones let alone force them back, now they can
take them down with some effort.
The training hadn't been easy for them since their bodies weren't accustomed to the increased
gravity and the low oxygen. Rei and the other members of the survival group had a much
difficult time adjusting since their bodies weren't accustomed to harsh conditions like
Huntsmen, but they proved determined to continue until their bodies finally acclimated to the
environment.
[Granted, that's only due to the original being weakened. Had you conjured the clones
when in your normal state, I doubt they could have defeated them]
After they adjusted, I used [Charitable Patron] to give them copies
of [Adept] and [Regenerator] in order to increase their survivability here as well as their
growth rate since the 3 years won't be enough to cover everything I want to teach them. Upon
granting them the traits, I had the Remnantians and Merlin turn off their [Auras] and magic
and start running laps around the building along with the others to build up their stamina.
Merlin tried to weasel her way out of it by seducing me, but I gave the woman a good
scolding before kicking her back outside and having her do laps plus a couple more as
punishment.
I may love women, but training always comes first!
Considering the tight timetable we were working with, I had to train them even harder than I
did with Fairy Tail prior to the fight at the Halo Array. Afterwards, I unlocked the [Auras] of
Merlin and Takashi's Group and then gave everyone the [Magic Core] trait and I started to
train them on magic with Merlin offering to help as well.

For Penny and Merlin, the perk merely increased their already large magical reserves and the
rate at which they generated magic power. But for everyone else, it was like giving them a
brand new toy due to serving as the catalyst that allowed them to generate their OWN magic
power, more so for the Remnantians.
In the beginning, the Brothers created the Remnantians with the ability to wield magic, it was
as common as any other energy source humanity has used across universes since their
inception. When Salem led a rebellion against the Brothers, the God of Darkness wiped them
out along with taking their ability to use magic, leaving Salem as the only sole human alive
with the power. And when Light brought humanity back, they were only remnants of once
they once were, with only dregs of magic left in their souls. However, this didn't stop this
new iteration of humanity from advancing and thus molded that bit of magic into something
new, thus [Aura] and [Semblances] were born.
Hence why they adapted to magic almost instantly: race memory. Somewhere in their bodies
is a bit of genetic material from the first humans that still remembers the Age of Gods.
Whether or not this was done intentionally by Light isn't known, but the point is that the
people of Remnant always had magic, just not on the same level as the Maidens or Ozma.
Salem is a whole different beast, however, as she has had time to master the arcane thanks to
her curse and her being part Grimm increased her already large magic power.
I couldn't blame them for their jubilation, the sudden rush of power would get anyone drunk
to it. And their reactions to the power were very distinct.
For Yang, Ruby, Alice, and Saya, they basically went berserk and started throwing their
magic around until Merlin stepped in and sealed their magic away. Rei, Weiss, Jaune, Blake
and Saeko were the most conscious about their new magic so Merlin focused on them while
leaving me with the troublemakers.
Still, we couldn't afford any more delays, so I also made sure to give them copies
of [Element Amp] , [Apprentice Magus] , and [Dark Wisdom] since they would be a huge
benefit in mastering magic.
Was this cheating? Yes. Do I care? Fuck no!
In regards to their combat prowess, even before the training had seriously started, I gave them
copies of [Determination] , [Judge] , [Ultimate Warrior] , [Massive Strength] , [Negative
Protection] , [Resilient Body] and [Protection from Arrows] , knowing this could make a
massive difference in how they could endure and attack their foes.
As their training progressed, I could feel their power rising inside them, with each of them
adapting and growing stronger in different ways, but I knew this was still not enough.
If [Negative Chaos Energy] had polluted this world, whose to say it hasn't done the same to
other worlds that are connected, like Remnant?
I didn't want to risk their lives on a "maybe" so I pushed them past their limits, sometimes
going too far.

"I did what was necessary." That's what I told myself as I watched their bodies break from the
strain only to heal them and start the process all over again. Then again, I had warned them of
such before even entering the [Hyperbolic Time Chamber], and in the end, it was ultimately
necessary to prepare them for the challenges they would face in the future, with the results
ultimately being worth it.
I still had some leftover seeds for the various star-enhancing vegetables like the [Lucky
Carrots] , the [Godspeed Potatoes] and even some [Senzu Beans] , so I had a timeaccelerant greenhouse set up to grow the crops.
As for where the meat and other edibles came from… I'll leave that to your imagination.
Another thing I decided to do was restore Jaune's armor and weapons back to their prime
condition, which was quick and easy thanks to [Celestial Engineer]. I also made it a point to
use [Chaos Energy] to transmute the metals used by the Remnant denizens (including Yang's
prosthetic arm) into [Vibranium] , making the equipment not only lightweight, but capable
of absorbing vibrations and nearly indestructible. Though Jaune was apprehensive about this,
he quickly gave in. I believed it necessary to drastically boost the damage they could inflict
in conjunction with their wielder's power and ensure they would have the resilience to
withstand said power in intense combat indefinitely as well.
For the survivor group, I gave Rei magazines with [Anti-Chaos Rounds] I invented and
transmuted the tamahagane in Saeko's katana into pure [Vibranium] as well. When I
explained to her what the metal can do, she had this sinister glint in her eyes along with a
wide smile and immediately demanded a spar which she soundly lost.
Though if you saw that sultry look she had, you would think otherwise.
Saya was different. Unlike the others, she absolutely refused to pick up a gun; not even a
shinai. So, I gifted her the [Beowulf] which she took without much of a complaint. She gave
it a few tests and seemed to be happy with the results.
"This will do nicely." Saya smirked.
Little wasn't interested, preferring to sleep or eat some cheese in the fridge while Zeke
fiercely watches everyone train. Peter was the opposite and wanted to train, so I gave
him [Adept] and [Martial Arts Mastery] so he can defend himself.
And boy, can that rabbit kick! Like no joke. He kicked several walls in and broke the fridge
by accident. But he had promise, which was why I gave him the other perks I shared with
everyone else.
As for magic, each got a type based on their current aptitude for it. For Ruby, she
got [Maguilty Sense] , [Light Magic] , [Chain Magic] and [Lightning God Slayer
Magic]. Weiss got [Enchant Magic] , [Ice Devil Slayer Magic] , [Weakness] , [Healing
Magic] and [Barrier Magic]. Yang got [Crush] , [Blast] , [Fire God Slayer Magic]
, and [Earth Magic]. Blake got [Gravity Magic] , [Hearing Magic] , [Sky God Slayer
Magic] and [Arc of Time]. Jaune got [Steel God Slayer Magic] , [Telepathy] ,
[Telekinesis] , [Bullet Magic] , [High Speed] , and [Reflector]. Penny got [Time God

Slayer Magic] , [Sealing Magic] , [Eye Magic] , and [Heavenly Chaos Body Magic]. Peter
and Merlin got [Copy Magic] and I showed him some of the types of magic I gained from
August. The only reason I didn't show them all is because of my restrictions.
Merlin has also been focusing on other magics like [Palm Magic] , [Giant] , [Command T]
, [Enchant Magic] , [Super Archive] , [Arc of Embodiment] , and [Universe One]. Along
with showing interest in [Alchemy].
Saya got [Command T] , [Telepathy] , [Archive] , and [Illusion Magic]. Rei got [Life
Magic] , [Requip: The Gunner] , [Territory] , and [Enchant Magic]. Saeko got [Stealth] ,
[Snow Magic] , [Requip: The Samurai] , and [Arc of Embodiment]. Finally, Alice
got [Copy Magic] , [Shadow Magic] , [Take Over: Dragon Soul] , and [Water].
Some of them got magic that was unique to them. Jaune's [Steel God Slayer Magic] reflects
his role as both support and a tank, but with good offensive capabilities. However, a deeper
meaning lies in the magic's affiliation: Steel. Gods of Steel are beings whose bodies and souls
are tempered through countless years of war and battle. Their [Authority] grants them
indestructible bodies as well as insane combat power, especially when they embody the
concept of the "sword". This explains why Jaune has been able to make leaps in combat
training since his time at Beacon–where most first years had to train for most of their lives–
even able to fight against Atlas' best and winning.
Honestly, it made me shiver how similar old man Jaune is to EMIYA. I never asked him what
he would do if he had the chance to go back in time and meet his younger self, but I got a
distinct feeling on what he'd do.
Penny was also interesting. Her [Heavenly Body Magic] mutated into a Chaos variant. It still
works like the original, but it's stronger and with more powerful techniques. She is also
capable of bombarding targets from multiple different angles simultaneously.
Saeko's [Requip] functions much like Erza's, except hers revolves around an eastern-based
armory compared to the scarlet fairy.
Alice's magic caught me by surprise, as [Dragon Soul] was never shown in either the manga
or anime. However, because she hasn't absorbed any dragon souls the magic is just inert.
The reason almost all the Remnantians learnt variants of [God Slayer Magic] was not only
because they were extremely powerful and versatile forms of elemental-based magic, but as
an extra precaution against not only the Mad Cat but the Brother Gods themselves.
Those foolish, self-righteous bastards were in many ways the source of all of Remnant's
problems, whether in Light's stupidly inflexible nature or Dark's volatile temperament and
being the creator of the Grimm in the first place, not to mention them being the ones who
thought cursing Salem with immortality for wanting Ozma back was a good idea. And that's
not even considering the fact that they created humanity to embody the concepts of Creation,
Destruction, Knowledge, and Choice, yet deny that these aspects didn't make humanity nor
themselves perfect beings!

A part of me was concerned that the Brother Gods would return one day even without
Salem's involvement, and would STILL rule against humanity despite Team RWBY's best
efforts. If that happens or if the Brother Gods become corrupted by [Negative Chaos
Energy] , then it'll be up to the Remnantians to destroy them for good.
Hopefully, it wouldn't come to that, but given the personalities of the Brothers, it was better
to be safe than sorry.
In terms of the skills I shared with everyone, the ones I had primarily chosen
were [Movement Mastery] , [Martial Arts Mastery] , [Marksmanship] , [Magic
Manipulation] , [Mana Sense] , [Ki Manipulation] , [Ki Sense] , [Ki Block] , and
even [Energy Manipulation].
The first 3 were obvious since they offer a MASSIVE increase and improvement in their
mobility, melee fighting prowess, and accuracy with long-range weapons or long-range
attacks. [Magic Manipulation] and [Mana Sense] would ensure they could learn and use
any form of magic to its full potential without any drawbacks as well as detect magical
abnormalities while on the field, which will prove really useful when we return to Remnant.
[Ki Manipulation] , [Ki Sense] , and [Ki block] were a given since it would ensure they
could understand and master usage of [Ki] to its full potential. Not only that, but the
combination of [Ki] and [Aura] would turn them into damage sponges and let them last
longer in a fight, especially with [Regenerator] already being in the mix.
And while it was unclear on how well they could use [Energy Manipulation] given my
suppressed state when I bestowed it upon them, I figured it would be best to play it safe and
ensure they could manipulate energy to at least some degree in virtually any way they could
imagine, especially in regards to combining magic, [Aura] , and [Ki] together for all manner
of versatile effects.
I had given a copy of [Blade Mastery] to Jaune, Weiss, Blake, and Saeko to boost their talent
and mastery in swordsmanship to the peak, along with sharpening each of their weapons to
the point of having mono-molecular edges that allowed them to cut through virtually
anything like hot butter, with the [Vibranium] further improving said cutting capability and
ensuring it wouldn't deteriorate over time. I did the same for Ruby, though I wasn't sure how
much [Blade Mastery] would benefit her since said skill worked best with swords.
For the Remnantians, I gave each of them additional specific abilities. For Ruby, I gave
her [Sonido] , [Ultra Instinct] , and [No Motion Jump]. For Weiss, I gave her [Chroma] ,
[Sword Dance] , and [Elemental Manipulation]. For Blake, I gave her my [Duplicate] ,
[Shadow Force] , and [Perfect Unknowable]. For Yang, I gave my [Kaio-ken] , [Dragon
Dance] and [Dragon Breath]. For Jaune, I gave him [Salvation] , [Kaio-ken] and [Sword
Dance]. Finally for Penny, I gave her my [Hyper Beam] , [Super Archive] and [Alchemy].
The reason for this is because I was curious about how these abilities will affect
their [Semblances]. If they do, then they may reach a level of power that far outclasses the
Brother Gods or Salem.

It also turns out that Penny already had her [Semblance] unlocked a long time ago.
According to her, her [Semblance] allows her to interface and control technology, but the
good ol' General Ironwood in his usual paranoia had it locked away in fear of Penny being
used against them one day which did somewhat happen when Watts infected her with that
virus under his orders.
Moron.
And to my surprise, not only had my judgement been sound, but it appeared that the specific
skills actually MERGED with their [Semblances] and caused them to evolve.
Merlin theorized that the skills complemented their [Semblances] so well that it allowed
them to achieve symbiosis and become something new, which I fully agreed with her.
Obviously I gave them those specific skills with their personalities and combat skills in mind.
Yang was the first person to have her [Semblance] evolve. Whenever she used it, her hair
would take on a fiery-crimson color and emit a flame haze-like aura from her body, with a
continuous, progressive increase in power through both conscious effort and receiving
damage. It also gave her the ability to shoot powerful blasts from her mouth that no doubt
stemmed from [Dragon Breath] , with said blasts capable of being further augmented with
magic or [Ki] , especially in regards to [Fire God Slayer Magic].
Because of the nature of her evolution and its dragon-like qualities, she named her
new [Semblance] [Sun Dragon] after her own name.
Blake was next. Her [Semblance] evolved to make her practically undetectable (though I'm
still able to detect her thanks to [Radar]). Not only that, but she could make as many clones
as she wants and her clones also become capable of independent actions as well as
manipulate shadows in a manner similar to [Shadow Dragon Slayer Magic]; ranging from
attacks, intangibility, and transportation.
She rechristened her new power [Kage] because it made her practically a ninja!
Ruby's was a no brainer. Her [Semblance] took on characteristics from [Ultra
Instinct] and [Sonido] allowing for autonomous reaction and speed while leaving a sonic
boom of rose petals. Not only that but she's able to create friction in her legs that, when
combined with her god-like speeds, makes her kicks incredibly powerful and fast leaving her
opponent unable to defend or counter when she's in the air. And in more intense situations,
her ability to molecularly disassemble herself can be used in conjunction with the
autonomous reaction aspect of [Ultra Instinct] to phase through any incoming attacks,
making her virtually intangible, though she acknowledged that application is currently very
exhausting even in short bursts and would need more refinement.
She dubbed hers [Petal Dance]. I'm guessing because she can "dance" on people's faces
when she's in the air (plus it's the name of a Pokémon move, so it automatically gets my seal
of approval).
Weiss' [Semblance] hasn't changed much appearance-wise. She can still summon facsimiles
of enemies she's defeated as well as [Gaster Blasters] , but they now come in various colors.

Blue summons can manipulate gravity on themselves or on their surroundings. She can also
use this to make her attacks heavier or summon blue platforms that can connect to the other
from a distance away that when hit the resulting friction will be amplified on the other end
resulting in increased damage.
Green summons can heal wounds, boost stats and create barriers.
Orange summons are extremely volatile and will detonate the moment they are attacked.
Yellow summons can deal damage depending on their opponent's karma; the higher the
karma the greater the damage.
Cyan summons can slow down time on enemies or if Weiss focuses, stop it all together. She
can also use this trait on herself, allowing her to increase her speed or propel herself like she
did in the show.
Purple summons have the ability to negate [Auras] and [Semblances] as well as magic. We
found out when her summon accidentally negated the [Arc of Time] that was halting the
aging process and quickly dismissed it.
Finally, the Red summons are a mix of both close and long-range. They are directly
connected to Weiss' will and their attack and defense will only increase the more determined
Weiss is. Weiss can also manifest red energy onto the ground and cause an explosion with it.
Also thanks to [Elemental Manipulation] she has gained Maiden-like powers, eliminating
the need for Dust cartridges in her weapon.
She renamed this new power [Runes] , an upgrade to [Glyphs].
For Jaune, the assimilation of [Kaio-ken] and [Swords Dance] had vastly improved the
inherent boost his [Semblance] would give to himself or to others, no matter what form of
power they use. And the integration of [Salvation] has also vastly improved its healing
factor, allowing him to heal any injury, disease, poison, as well as theoretically resurrecting
the dead though obviously we never actually tested that.
I instill in Jaune the importance of recognizing at least some degree of respect for life and
death along with ensuring he understood that he couldn't always save everyone, given his
past of losing friends. Had I not, he would have certainly let the power get into his head and
that was something I couldn't allow.
The World of Remnant didn't need another Cinder Fall.
He christened his new power [Sentinel] as a vow to protect his precious people.
Finally, Penny's new [Semblance] allows to connect and access any network she wishes as
well as collect any information from anywhere in real time. And, thanks to
the [Alchemy] aspect, she is able to modify and improve technology in any way or form she
wishes, including becoming completely unrelated tech. The [Hyper Beam] aspect also gives
her weapons a massive boost in power, though she will experience fatigue if she uses it
multiple times.

Penny named her new [Semblance] the [Sensational Upgrade] before shortening it to
just [Upgrade] because it was less of a mouthful.
Out of everyone in Takashi's group, only Saeko, Alice and Rei had unlocked
their [Semblances] , with Saya getting frustrated about it. Saeko named hers [Mikaboshi] ,
after Amatsu-Mikaboshi, the primordial Japanese deity of darkness and destruction. Rei
named hers [Dōsojin] , after the Japanese deities associated with roads, crossroads, and
village boundaries to protect communities from harm and misfortune. Finally, Alice named
hers [Lucky] because and I quote "I wanna be everyone's lucky charm!" with a big smile on
her face, causing everyone to hug her from a cuteness overload. Heck, it was so cute that not
even Merlin was immune and she smothered her between her giant breasts.
Merlin…well, it wouldn't be an exaggeration to say she was essentially a Goddess of Magic
now.
She was already an exceptionally talented and intelligent sorceress even before being
experimented on by Towa, with her modifications providing a massive improvement in
potential in every aspect and access to [Chaos Energy] , especially in regards to the benefits
provided by [Omni-Polymath].
And when she received copies of [Adept] , [Dark Wisdom] , [Magic Manipulation, and the
various other perks/skills…
… yeah, I may have created a monster. Again.
A super-sexy monster who quickly grew accustomed and mastered both [Aura] and [Ki] in
record time while using it in conjunction with her magic, though she had yet to gain
her [Semblance] , something that had surprisingly frustrated her to no end.
I reassured her that [Semblances] manifest with time, they can't be forced out. I even swore
to help her find it once this whole ordeal was over and they were home free, and she gave an
extremely passionate kiss as thanks.
Man, I really am a lady killer.
Finally, there's [Ki] techniques. I taught each of them many of the techniques I had picked
up, barring certain exceptions like [Instant Transmission] due to still being locked away
(and apparently the Blacksmith had used some measure that halted any further progress in
restoring the system or unlocking my perks and skills while I was in the Hyperbolic Time
Chamber, which honestly pissed me off).
Merlin and Penny were particularly insistent that I teach them all the [Ki] techniques I could,
which I obliged.
For everyone else, it varied somewhat. All of them learned Kamehameha and could use the
standard [Ki] blast in any variant, at minimum, but the rest received certain specific
techniques.
With Ruby, I taught her the Masenko, Destructo Disc, and Solar Flare.

With Weiss, I taught her Special Beam Cannon, Hellzone Grenade, and Tien's Multi-Form.
For Yang, I taught her the Galick Gun, Big Bang Attack, Final Flash, Endgame, and Super
Dragon Fist.
For Blake, I decided to go with Dodona Ray and Goku Black's moveset.
For Jaune, I went with Telepathy and the rest of Goku's moveset.
For Penny, I taught her Spirit Control, Lucora Gun, the Power Blitz, Double Sunday and
Final Shine Attack.
[Oh yeah, Salem is gonna shit herself when she sees their upgrades~]
For Saeko, I taught her Hit's moveset, making her a very deadly swordswoman.
For Saya, I taught her Piccolo's moveset. The only thing I couldn't teach her was his
gigantification or regeneration as those are part of his race and not really a technique,
though [Command T] and [Regenerator] could act as substitutes to varying extents.
For Rei, I went with the entirety of Vegeta's moveset along with Frieza's Death Saucer and
Psychokinesis.
For Alice, I decided to go with Trunk's moveset as well as Gotenks' Galactic Donut and
Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack, and Pan's Maiden Burst.
For Peter, I went with Hit's Time-Skip, Hellzone Grenade, Dodona Ray, Gotenks' Super
Ghost Kamikaze Attack, Janemba's portal ability, and Destructo Disc.
For Merlin, I gave her Roshi's Evil Containment Wave, Vegeta's Spirit Control, Krillin's Solar
Flare, Old Kai's Unlock Ability, Hit's Time-Skip, Spike's Devilmite Beam, and Piccolo's
Magic Materialization.
Merlin was particularly ecstatic about these techniques and quickly ran thorough experiments
to see if they're compatible with her [Infinity] which they did. However, when she got to the
Unlock Ability technique she was mortified by how it worked, and I didn't blame her either.
That technique had to be weirdest in all of Dragon Ball, having you do a cringe-induced
dance for 5 hours and then sit perfectly still for 20 hours; more depending on the receiver's
potential.
She decided to dedicate all of her time on the technique to understand its principles and
concept to drastically reduce the time requirements and eliminate the "dance" part. She notes
that whoever came up with this technique had to be "a total novice" when it came to the
arcane arts if it demanded "such a shameful display".
Across the multiverse – The Kai's Realm
"ACHOO!" Old Kai sneezed.

"Are you well, Great Ancestor?" Shin, the Supreme Kai of Universe 7, asks his predecessor.
"I'm fine, but for some reason, I feel as though I am being insulted somewhere." The Elder
Kai says in a serious manner before it shifts to a more perverted expression. "And it feels like
it's by a beautiful woman! I wonder if she's single!"
Shin merely facepalmed at his ancestor's shameful behavior.
Back in the Ever After
[It's nice to see everyone getting along so well, but you've already noticed some of the
looks the girls have been giving you, yes?]
Oh, I noticed alright. I also noticed that the HOTD girls became flustered when making eye
contact with me, and not just them because Penny did the same thing. Teams RWBY and
Alice were the only exceptions, but I narrowed it down as their feelings for me being purely
platonic and Alice still a child.
In all honesty, I wasn't interested in pursuing a romantic relationship with Team RWBY
either, at least THIS version. They're beautiful, sure, but I just didn't feel anything towards
them. Maybe my system is so fucked that its messing with my more primal instincts.
Plus I'm still hoping Lancaster is canon.
Speaking of shipping…
"Yang, Blake. Could you follow me for a moment?" I stand up and head outside.
The two girls stand up and follow me to the back of the housing area.
"So what's up, bro?" Yang asks as I turn around to face them.
"Let's cut the shit. You two love each other." I bluntly state, causing the duo's eyes to widen.
"W-What!? No we're not!" A flustered Yang quickly denied it but I clearly didn't buy it.
"Oh really? I've been watching you guys ever since we've started this journey. You didn't
think I wouldn't notice the slight glances at each other or the open flirting at the Red Prince's
castle?" I rhetorically asked.
"I-It's not like that!" An embarrassed Blake stutters.
"If it's not, then don't make it so obvious." I retort before sighing. "Look, I don't know what
kind of things you all have been through, but it's clear that it's made you both grow closer and
I can see that you both want to take it to the next level. So why not say it while there's still
time and have no regrets later?"
This made two girls become even more flustered, which was really out of character in Yang's
case.

"Once we leave the sanctity of this place, we will have reached the point of no return. This is
a chance you may never have again." I morbidly added. "If you don't do this, I can assure you
that it will haunt you for the rest of your lives. And even if you don't have true feelings for
each other, at the very least you will leave here with some closure."
This caused Yang and Blake to look down in deep thought as his words sank in.
"He's right… At the very least, I don't want to have any regrets." A blushing Blake turns to
meet her partner in the eye. "Yang, I think… You're an extraordinary person. You're always
the first to lighten a situation. You act bravely when you are afraid. You do what you say."
Yang's face reddens by her partner's blatant romantic confession.
"Blake, I like that you've never been intimidated by me, even when you didn't like me that
much." Yang says with a serious face, causing Blake to giggle.
"I was a little wary of people in general." Blake admits.
"But you never gave up on them. Even when they hurt you. You never gave up. You know
what matters to you." Yang replies back.
They hesitate before a brief minute as they make eye contact while blushing, but Yang
continues.
"Blake, you make me feel things that I've never felt for anyone before. It's honestly a little
scary, but I won't back down because you're worth it." She grabs her hands, causing Blake to
smile while blushing.
"Yang…"
"Blake…"
""I think I love you."" Yang and Blake say simultaneously, much to their surprise, but the
surprise gives way to joy as they come together to commemorate their confession with their
first kiss.
'About time.' I thought in amusement. While the Bumblebee shipping still felt kinda weird to
me, in this case it felt more natural than what I saw in canon. 'I'm happy for them, they'll
definitely accomplish great things together.'
[Look at you, the mentor, the big brother, and now a matchmaker simultaneously for
your little sister~]
'Shut it, Tobi.'
"EEEEEH!?" I turn and see Jaune, Ruby, Weiss, Penny, Saya, Rei, Alice, Saeko, and Merlin
peeking from the corner.
"Alright, Yang!" Ruby cheers.

"Feels like I've been waiting forever for that." Jaune chuckles.
"Congratulations." Saeko smiles.
"T-T-That's highly inappropriate!" A flustered Saya stammers while a flustered Rei looks
away.
"We're so happy the two of you are finally a couple. It's about time." Weiss says in
amusement but with a warm smile.
This caused Yang and Blake to separate in surprise and blush.
"How long were you guys watching?" Yang stammers.
"The whole time. We were wondering what Azule was doing with both of you." Merlin says
in amusement before looking at me. "Never took you for a matchmaker, but it seems you
really are looking out for your sisters."
"You really are a great brother to Ruby and Yang, Azule. But more importantly, we're glad
that Yang and Blake have finally confessed their feelings and are together now!" Penny
joyfully declares.
"Were we really that obvious?" Blake asks while blushing in embarrassment.
"We all knew you had feelings for each other, Blake-nee-san, Yang-nee-san!" Alice says with
an innocent smile.
This only caused Blake and Yang to get even more embarrassed if even a child like Alice
noticed. But their eyes shifted to each other as they smiled and held hands together.
We then had a little celebration for the new couple and Merlin used the commotion to give
me a deep kiss.
The next "day"
I slap my hands together. "Alright everyone! We've made great progress in these 2 years, but
there's still one more year left. So I decided to add one more stretch into the regime."
"Seriously? Can't we just have a day off?" Saya groans and I laugh.
"'A day off'? Maybe after we get you all home… or when you're dead." I retorted. "Your
enemies won't care that you want to take a break. In fact, they'll take advantage of your
fatigue and promptly kill you." I give her a strict stare. "So no, Saya, you are not getting a
'day off'. Not when we're pressed for time. And besides…" I smirked. "You're gonna LOVE
what I have in mind."
"What is it?" Jaune asks.
"Well, you guys have just mastered mortal [Ki]. Now, I'm going to teach you how to harness
the higher variant known as [God Ki, which is what deities use." I reveal, causing everyone's

eyes to widen in shock.
"Y-You can make us into gods, Azule?" Weiss stammers in amazement.
"No, I can teach you the powers of the gods, but I can't really make you into one (not yet)." I
clarified, much to their disappointment. "Also, just because you can fight on par with gods, it
doesn't mean you're invincible. Your bodies are still very mortal, just more resilient." I added
before flashing them a smile. "So you all best get a hardy breakfast, because I promise you,
this will make the past 2 years look like a cake walk."
"Hmph! Bring it, I'm ready!" Saya pridefully proclaims.
She, in fact, was not.
For everyone, transitioning from regular [Ki] to [God Ki] wasn't easy, with even Merlin and
Penny having some difficulty. I will admit that I'm not the best person to teach [God
Ki] compared to Vados and Marcarita, but through a combination of sheer determination,
hard work, and a steady intake of stat-enhancing meals, they grew accustomed to the power
until it became second nature and delved into their training as much as possible, trying out
the [Ki] techniques I taught them with [God Ki] or practicing how to combine it with magic
and [Aura] to devastating effectiveness.
Merlin and Penny can generate [Chaos Energy] naturally, so having them learn [God
Ki] felt a little redundant. However, I still felt it was needed because it would give the two a
huge advantage against the Mad Cat among other enemies and make their abilities a lot more
potent than before, as I knew from personal experience and Cell's prowess in using both
together.
[Oh yeah, Salem is definitely gonna shit herself when she sees their upgrades~]
In other news now that Blake and Yang are now more open about their feelings for each
other, the atmosphere has become a whole lot brighter. Yang has started joking around a lot
more and Blake takes a more active role in conversations.
They almost acted like they did back in their Beacon days, before all the bullshit set in.
[Don't you think you're going a bit overboard? Compared to Fairy Tail, you're basically
turning these guys into demigods]
Tobi wasn't wrong. I can feel the divinity rolling off them in spades despite me teaching them
how to suppress it. It's worse for Penny and Merlin because of their innate [Chaos
Energy]. If I had the [Aincrad] here, I would have turned them into [Transcendent] with
the [Divinity Machine].
'It doesn't matter. The Mad Cat likely has something planned when we refuse his offer; better
to be prepared now than dead later.'
[Are you sure this is about the Mad Cat and not someone else?]

I felt a lump forming in my throat. Out of the two, the Toymaker is the only being I'm
genuinely afraid of. He can turn entire worlds, entire universes into his game board and its
inhabitants into his game pieces. He doesn't have any genuine weaknesses outside of the rules
of the games he plays.
They bind his entire existence. To defy them is like denying his own existence. In short, a
paradox.
And with access to the Great Tree, he will have access to all of the worlds she is connected
to; more deadly games for him to play.
'Ozma and Salem have fashioned Remnant into a game board, with everyone fighting as their
pieces. If the Toymaker were to step into that kind of world, there's no telling amount of chaos
he can unleash. I can't let that happen.' I shudder. I remember the Toymaker "fixing" the
human race by making all opinions supreme.
Remnant thrives on the concept of "Bloody Evolution". If the Toymaker tries to "fix it", it'll
really be the end of the world.
[Hm, when you put it like that, it makes sense]
I take a deep breath and exhale. "Alright, that's it everyone. We're done."
"R-Really?" An exhausted Saya pleads before collapsing on the floor. "Finally…"
"Yup. Now it's time to have your potential unlocked." I add which shocks Merlin.
"Wha–you can't be serious!?" Merlin yells in outrage.
"We're out of time, Merlin." I argued which made Merlin flustered.
"B-But my research isn't finished." Merlin pleads. "Please don't make me do that…"
"What is she talking about Azule?" Blake asks which makes Merlin's face even redder in
embarrassment.
"It's a technique that brings out a person's full potential." My expression turns awkward.
"However, the process itself is a bit… embarrassing."
"It can't be THAT bad." Yang said.
"Well then, I hope you all are ready, because this is gonna take a loooong while." I drawl as
Merlin sighs in defeat and gets started.
"Is she… dancing?" Jaune asks as she watches Merlin walk around them in a circle while
doing a cringy dance number.
"Like I said. Embarrassing. And please don't laugh at her. That means you, Saya." I point to
Saya's creeping smile before it disappears.

"Is this really necessary?" Rei asks, feeling uncomfortable by the cult-like vibe she's getting
from this.
"Unfortunately. But remember, she's doing this for all of your sakes, and it could make the
difference between life and death. Understood?" I told everyone, with everyone nodding in
understanding, even though I also found this hard to look at.
10 hours later
Merlin sits down on the bed, exhausted from doing the ritual.
"I'm surprised you managed to complete it in 10 hours. Your research has come a long way." I
remark while sitting next to her.
"No it hasn't. Not until I can cut the ridiculous dance out of the equation for good!" Merlin
argued.
"I'm sure you can figure it out. If anyone can do it, it's you." I encourage her before turning to
the cheers outside as Yang and Saeko spar.
Name: Yang Xiao-Long
Title: Blondie, Sunny Little Dragon, Firecracker, Yellow Berserker
Affiliation: Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former), Team RWBY
Level: 993
HP: 107,443,566
MP: 125,455,624
SP: 132,667,418
AP: 135,278,916
Thoughts about you: Super Big Bro
Name: Ruby Rose
Title: Cookie Monster, Red Reaper, Leader of Team RWBY, Last of the Silver Eyes
Level: 988
Affiliation: Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former), Team RWBY, Team
RNJR
HP: 101,727,423
MP: 137,942,568

SP: 124,685,439
AP: 136,542,798
Thoughts about you: Greatest Big Brother EVER!
Name: Weiss Schnee
Title: Ice Queen
Affiliation: Schnee Dust Company (Former), Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas
(Former), Team RWBY
Level: 987
HP: 103,453,769
MP: 135,213,648
SP: 112,463,975
AP: 121,765,943
Thoughts about you: Trusted Mentor and friend, thankful for your help
Name: Blake Belladonna
Title: The Beauty, Princess of Menagerie, Freedom Fighter, Black Cat
Affiliation: White Fang (Former), Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former),
Team RWBY
Level: 992
HP: 105,396,742
MP: 132,532,469
SP: 124,357,690
AP: 126,594,873
Thoughts about you: Valued mentor, grateful for all that you've done for her and her
teammates
Name: Jaune Arc
Title: Vomit Boy, Runaway, Faker, Killer, The Rusted Knight
Affiliation: Beacon (Former), Mistral (Former), Atlas (Former), Team JNPR (Former),
Team RNJR

Level: 987
HP: 115,987,534
MP: 124,623,758
SP: 140,958,945
AP: 155,437,692
Thoughts about you: Feels akin to a real Hero thanks to you
Name: Rei Miyamoto
Title: The Headstrong Gunslinger
Affiliation: Fujimi High School (Former), Takashi's group
Level: 918
HP: 92,864,523
MP: 101,453,267
SP: 97,484,375
AP: 99,448,612
Thoughts about you: Handsome teacher, glad you're helping her
Name: Saeko Busujima
Title: The Sadistic Bushido
Affiliation: Fujimi High School (Former), Takashi's group
Level: 929
HP: 94,253,897
MP: 99,789,594
SP: 107,543,829
AP: 108,643,925
Thoughts about you: Sexy teacher, wants to follow you after this is over
Name: Saya Takagi
Title: The Tsundere Strategist

Affiliation: Fujimi High School (Former), Takashi's group
Level: 912
HP: 89,974,605
MP: 99,825,467
SP: 87,978,652
AP: 101,384,957
Thoughts about you: Has a massive crush on you but won't admit it
Name: Alice Maresato
Title: Dragon Girl
Affiliation: Takashi's group
Level: 861
HP: 75,012,899
MP: 84,963,842
SP: 86,514,938
AP: 81,493,857
Thoughts about you: Big Brother Guardian Angel
I look back at Merlin. "Though I wasn't expecting the ritual to affect the caster as well."
Name: Merlin
Title: Boar's Sin of Gluttony, Crimson Boar, Britannia's Greatest Sorcerer, Daughter of
Belialuin, Chaos Sorceress
Affiliation: Seven Deadly Sins, Kingdom of Camelot, Kingdom of Liones (former),
Belialuin (former), Lilia (former), Demon Realm (formerly)
Level: 1232
HP: 217,923,874
MP: 258,954,798
SP: 222,869,053
AP: 239,947,815

Thoughts about you: Love Interest, wants to join you on your journey through the
multiverse
Special Perks: Omni-Polymath
"I suppose that would explain why I feel so drained. I will rectify this later." Merlin said as
she got back up after eating a [Senzu Bean] she received from me, and we left the resting
area to join the others watching Yang and Saeko spar.
"Azule/Sir Asmodeus!" I turn to see Penny and Peter running towards us.
Name: Peter Rabbit
Title: Young leader of the White Rabbits, Guardian and Caretaker of the Ever After
Affiliation: White Rabbit Clan, Ever After, Asmodeus
Level: 863
HP: 77,945,872
MP: 86,569,743
SP: 82,594,832
AP: 84,397,850
Thoughts about you: Savior of the Ever After and Mentor, wishes to be like you
Name: Penny Polendina
Title: Title: Robo-Girl, Protector of Mantle, Chaos Maiden
Affiliation: Team RWBY, Atlas (Former), Atlas Academy (Former), Atlas Military
(Former)
Level: 1201
HP: 157,928,544
MP: 194,975,602
SP: 172,893,754
AP: 181,687,543
Thoughts about you: Thankful for all you've done, feels more human than ever before
"Well, it looks like all the training and the ritual paid off for you all as well." I say while
looking at both of them, causing Penny to blush in embarrassment while Peter looks proud.

"It's all thanks to you, Sir Asmodeus! I never imagined my life would turn out this way, but
the Elder was right about how much you would guide us!" Peter gratefully replies before
bowing his head. "I promise you, Sir Asmodeus, I will use all the training and teachings you
have given me for the sake of not only my fellow White Rabbits, but all of the Ever After!"
"I didn't know what to expect after I became human, but ever since I met you, I experienced
things I never imagined were even possible!" Penny answers in her typical optimistic, bubbly
manner. "And thanks to you, I feel like we can truly save Remnant!"
I can't help but smile at those words. "Thanks, you two. It means a lot to know that I've
helped this much."
"But of course, sir Asmodeus. You are the hero of the Ever After after all!" Peter says with
pride.
My smile thins as I feel an odd presence.
"What's wrong, Sir Asmodeus?" A confused Peter asks.
Merlin gets up with a serious expression on her face. "You sensed that, yes?"
I narrow my eyes at the door. "... something's wrong." Before they suddenly shoot wide open
as I quickly make a grab for Penny and Peter.
*BOOM!*
A massive explosion bursts from the door and quickly demolishes everything in sight,
causing everyone to turn their attention to the unfolding destruction.
The smoke disperses to show an outstretched hand as Merlin had raised a barrier to protect us
from the blast.
I look down at my two charges. "You okay?"
"We're fine Azule." Penny confirms and Peter nods.
Just then everyone rushes to the scene just as Merlin ends the spell.
"Are you guys okay!?" Rei frantically asks as I stand up.
"We're fine, Rei-chan. Merlin protected us from the explosion." I assure her before turning to
another point of interest. "But now, we have a more immediate problem."
The explosion destroyed everything, including the door to the outside world, effectively
trapping us in this dimension.
"The door…" Blake mutters.
"The door was our only way in and out of this world. Now that it's destroyed, we are stuck
here forever." Merlin calmly explains.

"FOREVER!?" Nearly everyone shouts out in shock and horror.
"We don't have forever, you hag! Do something!" Saya yells only to suddenly find herself
frozen in ice.
Merlin's index finger stops glowing blue as she gives the flash-frozen statue a side glance. "It
seems your mannerisms haven't changed even after all our time together. I will fix that later."
[It's scary that she doesn't raise her voice]
"Hm, it's too soon but… I suppose I have no other choice." I headed towards the end of the
ruins; where the door was.
[I know what you're thinking, but are you sure this is the best course of action? There's
no telling what can happen with the system in its current state]
I reach out for the golden band on my right wrist and start to shimmer as I twist it.
*SNAP!*
The band's glow fades as it is freed from its body. I reach out and repeat the process with the
left band.
*SNAP!*
Everyone stops as they all feel an ominous chill running down their spines and quickly turn
their heads to Azule.
"What are you-" But before Merlin can finish her query she and the others are blasted back
by a massive wave of energy.
A dark blue aura surrounds Azule, his hair spiking similar to his [Super
Saiyan] transformation but keeping his base color.
"What the hell is this!?" Yang exclaims, as she and the others find themselves unable to stand
due to the sheer pressure of power.
I raise my hand and start to focus. Black electricity crackles to life in the empty space before
a small hole appears. "Ugh…" It grows bigger and bigger until it is big enough for people to
go through.
The pressure seizes as I take a knee and pant in exhaustion.
"Hurry! I can't do this for much longer!" I yelled.
Everyone quickly runs into the breach, with me leaping into it just as the breach closes
completely behind me.
"Ugh… I'm never doing that again." I groan as I quickly put the shackles back on.

[You're lucky to be alive. Releasing that much power without restriction is a death
sentence. Without the system to regulate the output, your body would have exploded in
dramatic fashion, taking everyone and this whole universe with you]
I stand up to the sounds of cracking fire and ashes. The village has been completely
destroyed, nothing remained but the still burning ruins of buildings and paper.
"It's… it's all gone." Rei says in distraught.
"Oh! Look who decided to make an appearance~" From the sea of flames, a silhouette comes
into view until a hand swipes the flames away, revealing the Grimm Pyrrha Nikos. "I missed
you, Jaune~"
"You…" Jaune hisses as he unsheathes his sword and everyone else draws their weapons.
"Jaune!" He quickly turns to me. "Don't let her get into your head. That's just what she
wants."
Jaune nods. "Right."
Fake-Pyrrha clicks her tongue in annoyance. "Way to ruin my fun."
"We know what you are. You are the manifestation of Jaune's despair." Ruby steps forward.
"We know you do what you do because that's what Jaune wants: to be punished for his
failures."
"And? You think knowing that gives an upper hand against me?" Fake-Pyrrha mocks the
reaper. "I can sense your despair, Ruby Rose. You can shove it deep in your soul and put a lid
on it but I can still sense it, waiting to overflow. And that despair entices the Chaos around
us." Her smile widens a bit with a sharp end. "I'm sure you have already felt it, yes? The
power, the temptation? It would be so easy to just give in."
Ruby grips the pole of her weapon tighter, the faker's words hitting their mark.
"Enough." The rest of Team RWBY shield their leader from the twisted reflection of their
friend.
"We're not gonna let you pull your bullshit on us, you bitch. We have always believed in
Ruby, and we won't let you face her on her own." Yang says in defense of her sister, though
this only causes Fake-Pyrrha to laugh.
"You act like you actually care for your sister, Yang? And yet you never realized how much
pain and doubt you were putting her through." Fake-Pyrrha reveals, catching Team RWBY
off-guard. "Have you and your friends ever once considered how selfish you all were towards
Ruby? You always expect Ruby to solve all of your problems for each of you and guide you
through every hardship, thinking your problems are the most important in the world, but
never once did any of you consider that Ruby was struggling or was dealing with her own
problems or questioning her own worth. You all likely just patted yourselves on the back by

telling her 'we believe in you' or 'we can count on you' and think that was enough, never
considering how everything she has faced or had to help you all with has taken its toll!"
This caused Team RWBY to glance at each other uncertainly before looking at Ruby.
"You're right. I have been selfish." Yang says with reluctance. "I let my baby sister carry a
heavy burden alone when I should have been helping her… and I'll never forgive myself for
that." She then whips back to the apparition. "But I refuse to let that continue. Ruby is not
alone, and her issues are as important to me as my own."
"Yang…"
"..." Fake-Pyrrha stares at her.
"I don't know how it started but I began to believe Ruby was this invincible warrior who'd
save us. Only now I see that I've just been running away again, and passing it off as being
part of the team." Blake admits and lightly sobs. "I… I want to change. Truly. I don't wanna
run away anymore. I don't want to hurt my friends because of my selfishness. I am so sorry
Ruby."
"Blake…"
"Ever since you proved yourself to be a capable leader at Beacon, I always trusted you to
help us get through the tough times and challenges we faced, no matter how hard it was or
whatever feelings we had at the time. You are someone that I am proud to call our team
leader and my partner." Weiss says while looking at Ruby apologetically. "But I clearly
underestimated how important it is for relationships between friends and teammates to go
both ways and help you with your problems and feelings. And for that I'm truly sorry, and I
promise I'll listen and support you through whatever struggles or doubts you have no matter
what, Ruby."
"Weiss…" Ruby becomes damp before a gloved hand grabs her shoulder.
"I'm sorry, too, Ruby. I should have been a better co-leader and friend. I shouldn't have
burdened you with my weakness." Jaune told her. "After Pyrrha died, I turned you into my
emotional crutch when I couldn't live with the guilt. I blamed you for every setback we've
had, and I now see just how twisted and horrible of a person I've been."
"It's…" Ruby held back on saying that last word, because she knew it wasn't okay. What they
did to her wasn't okay.
"..."
"You don't have to forgive me, or any of us. We don't… deserve it for what we put you
through." Jaune said. "But we are here for you and will help you because we care for you and
you are important to us."
"Oh, how sickeningly sweet~" Fake-Pyrrha purrs in cruel amusement. "Do you truly believe
saying a few sweet words will make all of the bad things disappear? How naive. It's that

optimistic attitude that will destroy Remnant."
"And yet, that optimism is the one thing that's been keeping them from falling into that pit of
despair." I step forward. "Their journey, their bonds, their successes. Through every struggle,
setback, and failure, they have persevered and risen to greater levels. And they will be the
ones to defeat Salem and save all of Remnant."
Fake-Pyrrha growls. "You just love to put your nose where it doesn't belong, don't you. Every
time I feel their despair swell, it quickly shrinks!"
"Guess that means I'm doing a good job." I comment with a smile.
"I'll kill you." Fake-Pyrrha swore. "I'll kill you in front of everyone here, and make their souls
flood with endless despair!"
I huffed. "We'll see." But before I move, an arm blocks my way. "?"
"Let us handle her, Azule." Ruby says to my surprise. "You trained us to be ready for
whatever challenges the future would hold, it's time we put it to good use instead of just
relying on you to solve our problems."
"Ruby's right. You've already done enough." Weiss adds.
"We need this, not just as a way to confront our personal struggles or painful losses, but to
show we can move forward." Blake added.
"Besides, this is sorta personal for us. Imposter or not, we need to deal with our past with
Pyrrha. Plus I'm sick of this bitch already." Yang says as they all get into position.
"... I understand. She's all yours." I take a step back and let the Remnantians duke it out.
"How arrogant. Do you think the 6 of you are enough to defeat me?" Fake-Pyrrha purrs. "Oh,
I can't wait to break you~"
"You wanna go first, sis?" Ruby asks her smirking sister.
"No problem. Ready Blake?" Yang asks her girlfriend.
"Whenever you are."
Suddenly, Blake and Yang disappear in an instant, surprising the fallen Spartan.
"!" Fake-Pyrrha's senses go haywire and can only raise her shield just in time to stop Yang's
fist from hitting her. The apparition can feel her shield bend from the weight of the attack
before she is sent backwards by Yang's inhuman strength.
Fake-Pyrrha grits her teeth, putting all strength on her legs to stop the momentum, burying
her heels in the process.

Fake-Pyrrha looks up at the blonde brawler in clear shock, a fist-like dent now present on her
shield.
"What the hell was that!?" Fake-Pyrrha exclaims in disbelief. However, she doesn't get to
regain her bearings as shadow tendrils rise from shadow and quickly bind her arms, neck and
legs in place.
"Did you already forget about me?" A pair of amber eyes open and Blake rises from FakePyrrha's shadow.
"Y-You…!" Fake-Pyrrha struggles to turn her head from the bindings. "How are you…!?
Your [Semblance] can only create clones…!"
"That was then, this is now." Blake coolly adds before kicking her with enough force to send
her flying to Yang.
Yang reels her right arm back before quickly shooting it upwards in a spinning uppercut to
the jaw, sending the fallen Spartan upwards.
Fake-Pyrrha quickly uses her chaos power to stop her ascent and levitates just above the acre.
"This is insane! How did those two get this strong in just a few days!? It makes no sense!"
Fake-Pyrrha roars, trying to comprehend and failing how such a thing was possible.
Before Fake-Pyrrha could ponder further, a large [Rune] manifests above her head and from
it comes a [Gaster Blaster] with the appearance of a Sabyr's head. It opens its jaw wide and
unleashes a lightning-enhanced blast that pummels her to the ground.
"Urgh!" Fake-Pyrrha groaned in pain as she regained her bearings, before turning to Weiss,
who bore an amused expression. "How can you use those summons like that bastard?! That's
not how your [Glyphs] work!"
"Yang and Blake aren't the only ones who have gotten much stronger since you last saw us.
Meet the first Schnee to evolve our [Glyphs] into a new form: [Runes]!" Weiss proudly
announces as she extends her sword toward Fake-Pyrrha while several [Runes] manifest
around her, pummeling Fake-Pyrrha under a torrent of ice attacks.
The torrent of ice came to an end as Fake-Pyrrha unleashed a massive burst of [Negative
Chaos Energy] as she looked absolutely enraged.
"This has to be that meddlesome bastard's doing, no doubt! There's no way you could have
changed this much in a few days!" Fake-Pyrrha growled as she manifested multiple metal
spikes via [Negative Chaos Energy] and [Polarity] before launching them at the trio of
huntresses, who easily dodged the attack.
Before Fake-Pyrrha could continue her barrage, she heard a sonic boom before being
overwhelmed by a spinning flurry of scythe slashes and kicks enhanced with [Lightning
God Slayer Magic] and [God Ki] in conjunction with [Aura, before a disoriented Fake-

Pyrrha sees a barrel of a rifle in her face that promptly blows her away with an augmented
shot.
"That 'bastard' is my amazing big brother, Azule Rose! And he can do ANYTHING!" Ruby
proudly retorts.
Fake-Pyrrha gets up, gravely injured but said injuries were quickly healing thanks to
her [Negative Chaos Energy].
"Brother or not, I'll make sure he watches as I choke the life out of all of you!" Fake-Pyrrha
sneered as she threw her weapon in spear mode at Ruby at supersonic speed, but Ruby had
surprised her by casually dodging it and did it once more without looking even after FakePyrrha pulled her spear back with equal speed via [Polarity].
"You will do no such thing!" A familiar voice yells as Fake-Pyrrha turns to the source, only
to be blown up and launched away via [Final Shine Attack] from Penny. "Azule Rose is my
friend, and I refuse to let you hurt my friends anymore, especially after you used me as your
'pet dragon'!"
"And yet you were such a good toy, Penny. Just like you were for Atlas." Fake-Pyrrha mocks,
causing Penny to glare at her.
"I am no one's toy. I AM ME!" Penny proclaims as she pulls a hilt from her belt, confusing
Fake-Pyrrha before being surprised upon Penny activating it to reveal it as a lightsaber. It was
something Penny had constructed with her new [Semblance] with some guidance from
Azule, which uses a [Kyber Crystal] fashioned from her old emerald sword that Ruby
recovered from the Red Acre that Penny enhanced via [Chaos Energy]. After which she
promptly received training on how to use it by Azule (who had given her copies of [Blade
Mastery] and [Psionic Manipulation] to ensure she could fully master it, alongside giving
her additional capabilities).
"W-What the?!" Fake-Pyrrha stutters in surprise as Penny charges at her with her new
weapon. Fake-Pyrrha tries to block it, but to her surprise, Penny cuts through her shield like it
was hot butter.
She was so surprised, in fact, that she failed to block the follow-up slash from Penny that
created a nasty gash on Fake-Pyrrha's chest, causing her to screech in pain.
"AAAAAHHHHH!" Fake-Pyrrha clutches her chest as black blood falls to the floor.
She slowly looks at the remaining heroes with pain and anger as her wound starts to heal. "YYou're all wasting your time and effort! You can't destroy me!"
"They may not, but I CAN!" Jaune's voice draws her attention to see him FLYING towards
her clad in a red [Aura] with his sword and shield ready.
Jaune wastes no time and charges straight towards her with burning determination in his eyes.

Fake-Pyrrha blocks the incoming attack with her spear only to be split in two to her shock
and horror. She tries to attack with her two halves but is simply bashed back by Jaune's shield
before delivering a downwards slash.
Fake-Pyrrha takes a knee as black smoke begins to come out of the wound as Team RWBY
and Penny stand beside him.
"D-Do you really think a failure like you can beat me, Jaune Arc? No amount of training or
power that Azule could give you will never change the fact that you're no hero." Fake-Pyrrha
says with a crooked smile but is confused when Jaune sighs.
"You're right. I'm not a hero." Jaune admits which surprises her. "Thinking back, I don't think
I ever knew what being a hero meant. I was just a kid who was inspired by his family's past
achievements and tried to be just like them, so I ran away from home, stole the family sword
and faked my way into one of the best Huntsman Academies without a second thought." He
states. "Even after everything I've gone through, I never once felt like a hero. I couldn't save
Alyx." He looks at Penny. "I couldn't protect my friends." He turns back to her. "I couldn't
even save my partner. And that will haunt me forever."
"Oh Jaune…" Penny mutters in guilt and shame.
"If you understand that, then why continue? Why keep fighting for a dream that has killed so
many!?" Fake-Pyrrha angrily demands.
This made Ruby jolt as the question hit close to home. Ozpin, Pyrrha, her mom, even
Ironwood. All of them had a dream that they thought it was worth fighting no matter the
sacrifice, and they all paid the price.
For Ironwood, it was his mind.
For Ozpin, it was his freedom.
For Pyrrha and Summer, it was their lives.
She almost paid the price, too. If it hadn't been for Azule, she would have most likely gone
insane. The pressure, the burden, all coupled with the fact they couldn't stop Salem from
taking both of the Relics under her watch and Penny's death would have driven her to the
point of no return.
'It's okay to be selfish.' That's what Azule showed her. Even heroes can be selfish, even
heroes need a break. She tried to shoulder everything, and it nearly broke her. She never told
her team because she didn't want them to worry.
"Because to give up now would make their sacrifices in vain. They gave their lives to fight
for the things they cared for most. Their homes, their friends, their families, and future
generations. They took a stand to make a difference and try to make a brighter tomorrow for
others." Jaune retorted. "I won't give up, and I will do whatever I can to save lives and make
life better for the people of Remnant, especially my friends and family. Even if I too must
give my life."

Fake-Pyrrha stares at Jaune before asking. "... is that the kind of life you want? The hollow
life of a machine…?"
"Yeah… it is." Jaune responds without hesitation.
Fake-Pyrrha lowers her head. "You really are an idiot, Jaune."
"Well, an Arc never goes back on his word." Jaune sheepishly chuckles. "You should know
that, since… you're me."
Fake-Pyrrha stands up and looks at Jaune square in the eyes. "Jaune, I-"
*SQUELCH!*
"!?" Fake-Pyrrha gasps and the others jolt in horror. She looks down to see a claw protruding
from her chest, holding her heart.
"My, my. What a tearful conclusion. Truly a great performance." A familiar voice says with a
malicious chuckle as he pulls out his claw from her chest.
Fake-Pyrrha falls to her knees as her body starts to dissolve. "Jaune…" She reaches out and
Jaune tries to grab her, but the moment they touch her fingers turn to ashes as does the rest of
her body.
Standing where Fake-Pyrrha was is a young woman of short stature with a chocolate brown
jacket that starts just below her shoulders and above her chest and had a pink interior, two
brown belt shoulder straps and twin gray button seams. She wears a gray scarf around her
neck, and a white three gray button-up vest style top that's strapless and shows off her E-sized
cleavage and cropped exposing her toned midriff. She also wears a pair of chocolate brown
detached sleeves with puffy tops and pink trim alongside a pair of white funnel cuffed gloves
with gray button detailing. She also wears skintight white belted leather-latex pants and black
and white spat styled ankle boots with cutout detail just above the ankle. The back of the
jacket was shown to have a small, coned ice cream key chain that was usually covered by her
hair.
However, her eyes were a purple sclera and white pupils and her teeth were also jagged and
sharp like an animal's. She has two white antlers on her head along with a pair of cat ears,
and she has long white claws with a checkered pattern that has partially torn the sleeves.
"Neo" then takes her arm and dramatically raises it above her head before her mouth stretches
impossibly wide and drops the heart before promptly closing it.
Everyone cringes with disgust as they hear the sounds of flesh tearing from inside her mouth
before quickly swallowing it. Finally, her attention shifts to the group and flashes them a
sharp smile.
"Why hello Jaune, huntresses, and…" Neo(?) looks at Penny and the others. "More humans?!
My, my, today is full of surprises!"

"W-What are you doing here, Cat? And why do you look like Neo!?" Ruby stammers as the
Cat chuckles.
"Oh, I don't look like Neo, Ruby. I am Neo." The Cat's reveal as he twirls in Neo's body.
"B-But why?! How?!" Weiss exclaimed in bafflement as she and her friends got ready for
another potential fight.
Flashback
The Mad Cat devours a Chaos Monster, its energy quickly absorbed into his body as he goes
on the prowl for more prey to feed.
"After watching that little light show, I decided to look for more ways to increase my power,
until I ran into the most controversial being in the Ever After."
The Mad Cat runs into a familiar wagon. The Jinxy Peddler appears in a puff of purple smoke
and bows to the personification of Chaos.
"He said he had a way to give me the advantage I seek. And the price for that was to simply
play a game and win. But if I lost then he would take something from me."
The scene changes to the two playing Checkers until the Mad Cat loses. However, before the
Cat could attack, the Peddler taps the floor with his cane and Neo appears in a puff of smoke,
her eyes blank and empty.
"Even though I lost, he still opted to give me this girl as my prize for being a 'good sport'. In
exchange however, he wanted me to do a simple task for him, a task that I happily obliged."
After telling the Peddler the information, the Mad Cat jumps into Neo's mouth, her neck
bulging as the Cat continues down her throat.
The Peddler smiles as he watches the Mad Cat's features appear on Neo's body, first the
antlers, then the cat ears, and finally the white-checkered claws.
When Neo's eyes open they're now white with purple sclera. She looks down at her arms and
a wide jagged smile forms on her face.
"It was fascinating looking through this girl's mind. So many memories, memories of the
thief, memories of the woman of fire, and memories of you. It was also easy for me to use her
power."
The NeoCat disappears with the sound of shattering glass. The Peddler smiles as the wagon
starts to fold around him until they disappear from existence.
Flashback ends
"And good thing too, as you all seem much stronger than before." The NeoCat said.
I checked the Cat's stats.

Name: Mad Cat
Title: Avatar of Insanity, Role Breaker, Traitor of the Ever After, NeoCat
Level: 1297
HP: 256,843,971
MP: 288,735,946
SP: 272,970,164
AP: 258,058,926
Thoughts about you: Confident in his plan
"Do you really think possessing that girl is gonna change anything? You'll still lose
regardless." I told him.
"Ah, dear Azule. I see you haven't considered my offer." NeoCat said.
I glared at him. "Oh I have, and the answer hasn't changed from last time." I let a bit of
energy and aim it at the Afteran. "Now get the hell out of that body or else I will drag you out
myself. Painfully."
"Hm, as tempting as that is, I'm afraid I'll have to politely decline." NeoCat stretches her
hands out and makes the bones crack a little. "This body is snug and comfortable. I just
simply cannot see myself depart from it. Besides, just because I can't defeat you doesn't mean
there aren't other alternatives." They eye Rei and the others.
"Don't even think about it, you freak." Rei warns as her body surges with cyan energy.
"I'd like to see you try." Saya adds as her body glows pink.
"Don't underestimate us, you sick feline! We're much stronger than we were before!" Weiss
retorts, but is caught off-guard when the Cat disappears from sight.
"You are definitely much stronger than before, and apparently have access to magic and
divine power too. Azule's handiwork, no doubt." The Cat replies in a bored manner upon
reappearing behind them as they turn to face him, before he looks at them in amusement as
he lifts his hand to reveal Little being held by his tail. "But if you can't even keep track of my
movements or protect your friends, how will you all beat me?"
"What?!" Ruby yells in shock as she looks at her neck from where Little was before looking
at the Cat in horror.
"Gah! Let go of me!" Little cried as he struggled to free himself to no avail.
"If you say so." The Cat answers before dropping Little on the ground. However, before
Little can run away, he is promptly crushed, courtesy of the Cat's foot, to the horror of Ruby

and her friends.
"Little!" Ruby cries out for her friend.
I narrow my eyes at the Cat, who's amused at Ruby's despair at the loss of her Afteran
companion. Little may not have contributed much, but Ruby was fond of him nonetheless.
"You bastard!" Yang yells.
However, the Cat's not done as they burst forward and manage to pin me to the ground, much
to my surprise. Before I can even try to escape, he forces something down my throat.
"Gah! What did you just give me!?" I demanded.
"Congratulations, Azule. You're about to [Ascend]!" NeoCat happily revealed and my eyes
widened. "The Game is set. Now it's his move."
'He shoved a piece of the Tree's leaves into my throat!' I thought.
[I can't stop the process! The system's still too weak!]
"Damn you!" I summon a [Chroma] and fire a blast but the stupid Cat manages to dodge it.
I pull myself up and watch as my body starts to glow, just like with what happened to Augur.
"Azule!" Ruby cries out as all I can do is give them a sad smile.
"I'm sorry."
Ruby rushes in but is too late the floor under Azule collapses and he falls into the abyss
before it is sealed under a patch of vines.
"Azule!" Yang cried in shock and horror as she watched her brother getting swallowed by the
very earth itself, before the 6 of them glared hatefully at the Cat. "What the hell did you do?!"
"My goodness, how many times do I have to say it? The Game is set. Now it's all a matter of
whether he wins or loses." NeoCat replies with cruel amusement. "Though regardless of how
it turns out, your brother will NEVER be the same again. Even if by some miracle he wins,
there's no telling how the Tree will affect him."
This only serves to further anger the entire group as their power begins to surge out of them
like tidal waves, all directed at the Cat.
"Don't think this is over, Cat. We haven't lost just yet." Weiss coldly states.
"Azule didn't spend the last 3 days twiddling his thumbs, and neither did we." Jaune said.
"You have threatened the Ever After and its inhabitants for the last time, you despicable
traitor!" Peter proclaims in righteous fury.
However, this show of power did not phase the Cat at all.

"Is that so? Well, if a pound of my flesh is what you desire, then why not take it to a
more fitting location." He gestures to the Tree in the distance.
"That's easy! We can get there in no time!" Saya yells which causes NeoCat to groan in
frustration.
"How many times must I explain it!? The Tree isn't a place you go, it's a place
you know!" NeoCat states and huffs. "Oh well, even if you all do figure it out, it doesn't
matter. Now that dear Azule is gone, you are all prey. And like good prey, you shall entertain
me… before I hunt you."
With that, NeoCat turns themself into something similar to Ruby's [Semblance] and flies out
of the village, heading towards the Great Tree.
I slowly open my eyes as I regain consciousness, groaning as my bearings come back.
"Ugh, when I get my hands on that damn Cat…" I muttered as I looked around.
Above and around me was the green-tinted void that was reminiscent of the inside of the
Great Tree that I saw in canon.
However, unlike in canon, the floor beneath me was composed of transparent cubes.
"What the hell?" I pondered as I tried to get a feeling of my surroundings, before I got the
shock of my life.
I felt nothing. No magic, no [Aura] , [Chaos Energy] or even [Ki]. Not only that, but I
couldn't access ANY skills.
I was… normal.
'Tobi, what the hell is going on?' I asked, but all I got was silence. 'Tobi?'
Dead silence, which honestly got me really nervous before realizing something.
'Wait a minute, why isn't [Gamer's Mind] kicking in?!' I thought in shock, as even in my
suppressed state, the core skills should still be functional.
Suddenly, a green light flickers on my side.
"11101010101001…. System reboot complete. Resuming function." Delta's hologram
solidifies. "Hello Asmodeus. I am pleased to see you are well."
"Delta! Just the AI I wanted to see!" I exclaimed.
The logic fragment looks around. "This location does not match previous records. Further, I
am also detecting large spatial fluctuations. Please elaborate the nature of our current
predicament."

I explained to Delta everything that's happened up to this point.
"Thank you. I believe I have a general layout of the situation." Delta said. "I advise caution
while traversing this dimension."
"You don't have to tell me. This place is already giving me the creeps." I said.
As I continued treading through this seemingly endless space, my feet collided with
something. Looking down, I saw a metal gauntlet sprawled on the floor like trash, but what
really draws my attention is the feeling of déjà vu I have the longer I stare at it.
I look up to see a trail of metal pieces leading somewhere and when I reach it, my eyes widen
in horror at what I found.
Strung up on a large spider web is the Blacksmith, her body having been savagely ripped to
pieces, with her head snapped off from the rest of the body, her face having completely caved
in and her "hair" spread out as if showing off a hunting trophy.
"... A true living goddess. Had you not installed [Super Archive] , I would have found the
existence of divinity to be illogical." Delta states.
"… You deserved better." I said, feeling some level of pity for the goddess, despite the blatant
manipulation and extortion of my powers.
"Ah welcome, herr Asmodeus. I see that you are enamored by my latest prize. Pretty unique,
ja?" A familiar German accent draws my attention and I turn to see the Toymaker still in his
Jinxy Peddler appearance.
"... That is a very offensive stereotypical accent." Delta points out.
"... Why do you still look like that?" I ask, genuinely curious as to why he's still a talking
raccoon.
The Toymaker blinks and laughs. "Yes. I suppose there is no point in keeping this face, ja?"
With a tap of his cane, a puff of smoke rises and someone appears.
In the Jinxy Peddler's place is a blond man wearing a navy blue trench coat over a white
button-up shirt, with grey knitted tie, brown and turquoise checkered-tartan trousers and a
matching waistcoat with lapels, and papyrus colored Converse shoes.
Name: The Celestial Toymaker
Title: God of Games, The Guardian of Dreams, The Crystal Guardian, The Mandarin,
No Cha, Urizen's Game-Master, Mr. Emporium
Affiliation: Pantheon of Discord, The Toymaker's legions, Guardians of Time
Level: ?
HP: ?

MP: ?
AP: ?
SP: ?
Thoughts about you: Excited to play a game with you
"Ah yes. This will do nicely." The Toymaker says in an exaggerated British accent as he
adjusts his tie.
"The 14th Doctor. I see you're still hurting from your loss." I remark and the Toymaker huffs.
"You may see it that way. But for me, that loss will simply make the next game much more
fun!" Toymaker grins.
"What happened to the Blacksmith?" I ask and he laughs.
"Simple really. We played a game, she lost, and like all new toys, I took it a bit too far." He
explains.
"... You tortured her." I surmised as I kept my cool.
"Call it what you like. In the end, she's just a toy." Toymaker said.
I narrow my eyes. "And my system? I know you did something."
"I simply wished to enjoy my game with you without interference, so my Toy Room has
simply disabled that interesting system of yours to keep things fair." Toymaker responds.
I widened my eyes at this, though it wasn't that surprising. The Toy Room is the Toymaker's
domain, an [Authority] that changes rules of probability and nature to suit the owner's
desires, in this case, the Toymaker's eccentric nature. Think Reality Marble meets Marble
Phantasm but with almost none of the drawbacks.
In short, whatever the Toymaker wants, he'll get no matter the limits because his world
doesn't operate under any rule except his own. And while the System would likely still be
functional under normal circumstances, the vulnerable state it was in prior made it possible in
this case.
'Without [Gamer's Mind] I won't be able to keep my cool. He'll be able to read me like an
open book.' I thought. Without any of the usual benefits, I was like a fish out of water, and the
worst part is the Toymaker knows that.
"Now with that all out of the way, are you ready to play a game with me?" The Toymaker
asks, drawing my attention again.
'I don't have a choice now, do I?' I grimaced before answering. "So, what are we playing?"

"As eager as I am to play a game with you, how about some stakes?" The giddy Toymaker
grins.
"What do you want?" I asked, wondering what he could want from me.
"Simple: if I win, I get that System of yours." The Toymaker reveals, causing me to widen
my eyes. "I've never seen anything like it, and it seems like normally taking it would be
impossible, but in its current state, I could take it with the full extent of my power."
I widen my eyes. The Celestial Toymaker was already an absolute reality-altering deity who
embodies the very concept of games.
If someone like that gained access to the system… then the whole of creation will fall
instantly.
I grimace, but quickly bury my fear and confidently stare at the Toymaker.
"If I have to put that on the line, then it's only fair I get something of similar value." I point to
the Toymaker. "If I win, not only do I regain FULL access to the System, but the update it
was undergoing will be complete. Not only that, but you will also vanish from existence, and
your title of [God of Games] will belong to me."
The Toymaker widens his eyes at this before breaking into laughter.
"Well, aren't you a bold one! But given what I asked, I suppose it's fair." The Toymaker says
as he extends his hand. "Do we have a deal?"
I grab his hand and shake it. "It's a deal."
'No backing out now.' I thought in resignation as I looked at the Toymaker. "So, what game
are we playing?"
The Toymaker laughs. "As a treat, I have decided to let you choose the game we shall play!
But be warned: once chosen and any potential rules are established, there is no going back!"
I took this in as I considered the implications.
"May I suggest a game where both players can have equal chances of success? It will reduce
the margin of error by 62%." Delta suggests.
"I think I have something." I told my partner. "I challenge you to a Pokémon battle,
Toymaker! A REAL Pokémon battle!"
The Toymaker hums in amusement. "Interesting choice! And the rules of this battle?"
"A classic 6v6 battle. We each get to pick our Pokémon, it doesn't matter the region or
generation. No mythical or legendary Pokémon, but Mega Evolutions are allowed. And we
can't switch until they are knocked out. Also, our Pokémon will be able to use more than four
moves and they can be of different types." I explained.

"Interesting. I accept these rules." Toymaker says and the world swifts, instantly
transforming into a Pokémon arena.
A list of Pokémon appears in front of me as did the Toymaker.
"Are you certain you do not need my assistance for this?" A curious Delta asks.
"It may seem arrogant, but I know Pokémon inside and out. It's part of my life." I said as I
chose my desired Pokémon. "If anyone can beat the Toymaker in this game, it has to be me."
"Understood." Delta said.
After some time we both finish finalizing our teams, the lists closes and a belt with 6
red/white balls appear on our waists. On the screen it shows our mugshots along with our
team rosters but their images are hidden.
The Toymaker unclips a random [Poké Ball] from his bell and smiles.
"Considering I'm the one who wanted to play a game with you in the first place, I'll go first.
Roar, Tyranitar!" The Toymaker confidently states while throwing a [Poké Ball] in the air
that opens with a burst of light that materializes the large Godzilla-like Rock/Dark type
Pokémon known as Tyranitar.
"Tar!" The Armor Pokémon proudly roars as his picture appears on the roster.
'…Okay, stakes aside, it is awesome to be in a REAL Pokémon battle!' I couldn't help but
think in excitement, having loved both the video games and anime growing up.
Shaking my head, I decided to be strategic about my first choice.
"Go, Lucario!" I cried out as I threw my own [Poké Ball] into the battlefield, which opened
and materialized the anthropomorphic blue dog-like Pokémon Lucario.
"Lucario's Steel/Fighting-Type has the advantage against Tyranitar's Rock/Dark-Type.
Further, Lucario's Fighting-type moves will be x4 more effective against Tyranitar. And while
there is a high chance that Tyranitar knows moves that are outside of its archetype and usage
of the [Mega Stone] , I evaluate that your chances of victory right now are just under
72.66%." Delta analyzed.
"Thanks Delta." I said.
Tyranitar stomps forward, causing the arena to shake slightly while Lucario gets into a
fighting stance.
"Let's do this, Lucario! [Mega Stone] activate!" I press my fingers against my [Key
Stone] and it lights up.
Streams of light immediately traveled towards Lucario, with his [Lucarioite] similarity
reacting and triggering an alteration in Lucario's appearance, until Mega Lucario was in his
place.

"Already going with Mega Evolution, eh? Two can play that game." Toymaker touches
a [Key Stone] attached to a necklace that triggered a similar reaction in Tyranitar, turning it
into Mega Tyranitar.
"Tyranitar, use [Bulldoze]!" The Toymaker confidently commanded, causing Mega Tyranitar
to raise its foot in preparation for the attack.
I, however, did not hesitate to react.
"[Me First]!" I immediately commanded, causing Mega Lucario to raise and then promptly
slam his own foot on the ground before Mega Tyranitar's could even touch the ground,
releasing shockwaves that quickly struck the Armor Pokémon with incredible force, causing
it to cry in pain.
"What!?" Toymaker exclaims in shock.
I grinned. [Me First] allowed a Pokémon to use an opponent's move before theirs with even
greater power, and while it was risky in the games if the opponent's move wasn't intended to
inflict damage, the same did not apply in real battles.
And given that [Bulldoze] was a Ground-type move, that meant it was super-effective against
a Rock-Type Pokémon like Tyranitar, on top of the boost provided by [Me First, not to
mention the speed reduction caused by [Bulldoze] that further solidified the speed difference
between the two given that speed was Mega Tyranitar's biggest weakness whereas it was one
of Mega Lucario's strengths.
Knowing I had to press the advantage, I took the opportunity.
"Lucario, use [Agility] to get in close, then follow it up with a three-move combo of [PowerUp Punch] , [Low Sweep] , and [Force Palm]!" I cried out, remembering how in the anime,
Pokémon are able to use and combine different moves all in a single turn.
Mega Lucario responds by blurring in a series of afterimages that brought it closer to Mega
Tyranitar while increasing his speed, with his right paw glowing red from [Power-Up
Punch] , his left palm cackling with blue electricity from [Force Palm] , and his legs
glowing white from [Low Sweep].
The Toymaker, slightly caught off guard by my swift commands, tries to intervene.
"Tyranitar, use [Protect]!" Toymaker cries out, but before the Armor Pokémon could break
out of its daze to form the barrier, Mega Lucario manages to get in close and strikes Mega
Tyranitar in the face with a [Power-Up Punch] before sweeping his legs with [Low
Sweep] against Mega Tyranitar's legs and then finishing the combo with a [Force
Palm] directly to the chest that blew it several feet away; mere inches to Toymaker's feet.
"Tyranitar!" The Armor Pokémon cried out in pain as it landed on the ground.
"Hell yeah!" I cheered. That quadruple-combo boosted Mega Lucario's attack and speed
while inflicting considerable damage against Mega Tyranitar given how vulnerable he was to

Fighting-type moves and only decreased his speed further.
"An interesting maneuver." Delta said.
Toymaker bites his lower lip in annoyance before issuing another move.
"Tyranitar, use [Fire Blast]!" Toymaker orders as said Pokémon got back up, but when it
tried to charge up the move, it cried in pain as electricity cackled off its body, indicating it
was now paralyzed, much to Toymaker's shock and ever growing annoyance.
'Gotta take advantage of this!' I thought in excitement before looking at Mega Lucario.
"Lucario, use a combination of [Bulk Up] and [Calm Mind, followed up by a combination
of [Extremespeed] and [Close Combat]!"
"Car!" The Aura Pokémon cried out as its muscles glowed and tensed while its eyes glowed
blue and more focused, before surging towards its incapacitated opponent in a burst of speed.
Upon reaching Mega Tyranitar, Mega Lucario unleashes a flurry of punches and kicks all
over its body, until one last kick sent Mega Tyranitar away.
"Tyranitar, get up!" The Toymaker orders, slightly upset at how this first match was
seemingly so one-sided against him.
"The Tyranitar will not last much longer. A strong attack will finish it off." Delta suggests.
Mega Tyranitar struggles getting back up, the combined merciless onslaught and paralysis
clearly taking its toll on the mega-evolved Pokémon.
"Lucario, let's finish this! Use [Aura Sphere] at max power!" I commanded, causing Mega
Lucario to charge a powerful sphere of [Aura] in its hands, before immediately launching it
at his opponent.
Due to the move being the type to always hit even ignoring Mega Tyranitar's condition, the
outcome was virtually already decided, as evident by the cry of pain and the explosion caused
by the move.
When the smoke cleared, Mega Tyranitar had reverted back to normal and its eyes clearly
indicated it had fainted.
Tyranitar's image turns grey on the screen, representing its incapacitated status.
"Beginner's luck. Don't think that just because you managed to win the first match that the
outcome is guaranteed." The Toymaker says as he returns Tyranitar to its [Poké Ball]. "But
don't think the next match will be as easy! Go, Salamence!"
Toymaker then throws another [Poké Ball], causing a blue and red dragon Pokémon to
materialize.
"Salamence!" The Dragon Pokémon proudly hisses out as it now appears on the roster.

'Another Pseudo-Legendary?' I thought as I noticed the [Salamencite] attached to its neck. 'I
can't switch Lucario out because of the rules. We'll have to weaken it in the meantime.'
While Mega Lucario managed to defeat Tyranitar without taking a hit, it was clear the
Pokémon was tired from performing all those moves in succession, unlike Salamence who
seems to be staring down at us with arrogance from above.
"Salamence, Mega Evolve!" Toymaker yells as his [Key Stone] reacts to
the [Salamencite] on its neck, turning it into Mega Salamence.
"Salamence!" Mega Salamence growled.
"Now Salamence, use [Dragon Dance] and then follow with a combination of [Aerial
Ace] and [Dragon Rush]!" Toymaker commanded, taking the initiative.
'So he's taking a page from my book. Better deal with this quickly.' I thought in concern as
Mega Salamence rapidly performed the mystic dance that boosted his attack and speed
considerably before charging at super-fast speeds clad in a blue aura while his body had a
white outline.
Knowing the combo move couldn't be dodged, I reacted accordingly.
"Lucario [Protect]!" I said and Mega Lucario successfully creates the barrier before Mega
Salamence can strike, blocking the combo attack.
The Toymaker, however, was undeterred.
"Salamence, use [Fire Blast]!" The Toymaker yelled, with the Dragon Pokémon unleashing
the five-pronged fire attack at Mega Lucario as soon as [Protect] wore off, causing him to
cry in pain.
"Lucario!" I called out in concern, knowing the Fire-Type move would be super-effective
against him.
When the flame dissipated, Mega Lucario was still standing but he now has burns riddling his
body. He tried to present a strong front, but it disappeared when his body suddenly ignited.
'Damn it, he's been burned!' I thought in frustration, knowing Mega Lucario's condition
would only gradually deteriorate from here, even if he managed to dodge or block any
incoming attacks.
Deciding to even the odds, I go back on the offensive.
"Lucario has been afflicted with Burn. It will lose 20% of its health after-"
"I'm aware, Delta." I said. "Lucario, use [Agility] in conjunction with [Extremespeed] to get
in close, and then strike with [Ice Punch]!"
Mega Lucario complies as he disappears in a blur of speed before Mega Salamence cries out
in pain at being struck with a cold, blue fist that sends it plummeting to the ground.

Before the Toymaker could retaliate, I quickly followed up. "Lucario, before Salamence can
recover, use [Agility] followed by [Toxic]!"
Mega Lucario once again vanishes from mid-air in a series of ever-faster afterimages before
hitting Mega Salamence with a sickly purple fist.
"Salamence!" Mega Salamence cried out in pain due to now being poisoned.
"So because your Lucario got a burn from my Salamence, you decided to poison him in turn?
Oh, well played." Toymaker mockingly approved.
"Well, now both will inevitably faint no matter how this match turns out!" I retort, though this
only causes the Toymaker to chuckle.
"Perhaps, but let's see which one goes down first! Salamence, use [Flamethrower]!" Mega
Salamence opens his mouth and immediately unleashes a stream of flames that engulfs Mega
Lucario, once again crying out in pain.
When the flames die down, Mega Lucario is somehow still standing, but greatly injured,
which was further exacerbated by once again taking damage from its burn.
'Lucario won't last much longer. Better make it count.' I thought in determination before
deciding my next action. "Lucario, use a combination of [Extremespeed] and [Ice Punch]!"
"Salamence, use [Aerial Ace]!" Toymaker counters, knowing the speed advantage Mega
Lucario held on top of the speed of [Extremespeed] would require a fast move to get any
chance of retaliating.
Mega Salamence charges at the rapidly approaching Mega Lucario with a white glow
surrounding its body, before their attacks make contact.
*BOOM!*
The collision sends both Pokémon flying away a distance from each other.
As the Toymaker and I got a clear look of both, Mega Salamence was still standing but
clearly took damage from the power clash, which is further exacerbated by his poisoned
status as it lets out a weakened groan.
Mega Lucario, however, had reverted back to normal and had clearly fainted.
Lucario's image turns grey on the screen as I pull out his [Poké Ball].
"You did a good job, partner. Now get some rest." I praise as Lucario returns to his [Poké
Ball]. 'Lucario is out, so there goes one of my heavy hitters.' I unclip a [Poké Ball] from my
belt. 'But this one will make sure his efforts weren't in vain.'
"Go Gardevoir!" I throw the [Poké Ball] and it opens, materializing a feminine white-andgreen Psychic/Fairy Pokemon.

"Gardevoir." The Embrace Pokémon says with her melodic voice.
'She's even more beautiful in real life!' I exclaim, entranced by the iconic Pokémon.
As someone who grew up with the Gen 3 games, I had a soft spot for Gardevoir and she has
been one of my go-to Psychic Pokémon in all subsequent generations. Almost every
Pokémon game I've played has at least one Gardevoir in either my main team or the PC,
that's how much of a fan I am of this Pokémon.
"Gardevoir, Mega Evolve!" I say upon activating my [Key Stone] , which immediately
resonates with the [Gardevoirite] around her wrist, causing her to transform into Mega
Gardevoir.
"A Gardevoir, huh? Interesting choice." The Toymaker notes. "Though it seems a little
wasteful, using a Fairy-Type Pokémon on a Dragon-Type that is already weakened and
poisoned. Who's to say I won't have any other Pokémon it would be useful against but will
never get the chance to fight if it gets beaten?"
"…I know, but it's a risk I'll have to take." I reluctantly acknowledged before looking in
determination. "Gardevoir, use [Confuse Ray]!"
Mega Gardevoir subsequently unleashes a dazzling light that disorients Mega Salamence,
leaving it in a Confused state on top of its poisoned status.
"Poisoned AND confused? A rather cheap strategy, don't you think?" The Toymaker
questioned before shaking his head. "Salamence, use [Shadow Claw]!"
Mega Salamence gathers a ghostly aura around its front claws, but it blows up in its face as a
result of hurting itself in confusion, which was exacerbated by its poisoned status inflicting
damage.
"Alright Gardevoir, let's make this quick! Use [Calm Mind] and finish it with
a [Moonblast]!" I told her, causing its eyes to glow blue before pink energy gathered in her
hands.
"Gardevoir!" Mega Gardevoir unleashes the Fairy-Type move on the still dazed Mega
Salamence, triggering a massive explosion that causes it to plummet to the ground.
As the dust and smoke clears, Mega Salamence has reverted to normal, clearly incapacitated.
"Salamence, return." Toymaker says in an American accent as he recalls the Dragon
Pokémon before looking at me. "I hope you're ready because from now on, I will take
you seriously."
"Good, because I'm having so much fun right now!" I retort with a grin, though my thoughts
lay elsewhere.
'I hope everyone's faring better than me.' I pray as I watch the Toymaker pull out his next
Pokémon.

The Paper Pleasers' village lay in ruins, smoke and fire had consumed it all.
The perspective changes to the group as they anxiously contemplate their next move.
Saya walks back and forth, her mind in deep thought. "A place you know… a place you
know… What does that mean?"
"Merlin-nee-san, what are we gonna do?" Alice nervously asks the arc-mage with Peter next
to her.
Zeke, who was in Alice's arms, looked even more frightened.
Merlin leans down and picks up the little girl, wrapping her arms firmly around her while
Peter levitated and perched on her shoulder. "We'll find and stop that cat, but for now, you
three should stay with me."
It wasn't her typical preference, but she had no other option. Despite their three-year venture,
Alice wasn't experienced in real-life combat. Not to mention that she can easily fall to the
Cat's manipulation because of her young mind.
And as much as she didn't want to admit it, she has grown fond of the little girl; almost to the
same degree as Arthur.
Peter was the opposite though, while much stronger than Alice, she can sense something deep
within him but it is dormant. It may be why he is the only Aferan in the group Azule went to
the trouble of training.
"I cannot believe Sir Little is gone…" Peter sobs at the loss of their mouse friend.
"Arrrgh! I can't believe that bastard pulled another fast one on us!" Yang screams in righteous
fury. "And now Azule's dead because of him!"
"He has Ascended, Lady Yang." Peter clarifies but it did nothing to quell her emotions.
"Oh, what's the damn difference!? He's gone and we'll never see him again!" Yang exclaims,
her voice breaking midway as grief soon replaces rage.
Blake immediately comes to her girlfriend's side and comforts her. "Calm down Yang. Now's
not the time to lose your mind. That's what the Cat wants."
"But Blake-"
"Blake's right, Yang. I believe Azule will be okay. I have faith in him." Ruby says in
complete faith. In all the time she's known him, Azule has always taken obstacles with a calm
mind. He helped them when he didn't need to, when they were hurt, when they didn't trust
him. Yet despite it all, he never wavered and actually helped her and the others become
stronger, both physically and emotionally. "But right now, we need to find a way to the Tree
and stop the Cat, like Azule wanted."

"Jaune, you've been in the Ever After longer than any of us. Have you figured out any way or
at least any clues on how to get to the Tree?" Weiss asked her older friend, causing everyone
to look at Jaune with hope, only for Jaune to shake his head in shame.
"I was separated from Alyx and Lewis before they got to the Tree, and I spent years trying to
find a way out of the Ever After between waiting for you all, protecting the Paper Pleasers,
and dealing with 'Pyrrha', though it didn't help that I thought the Tree was evil and played a
role in what happened to Alyx and Lewis." Jaune admitted.
No one could completely blame Jaune given what he endured and the issues he was dealing
with prior to meeting Azule, though it did little to assuage their concerns.
"Well, what do we do? Every time we try to head directly to the Tree or take some alternate
path, we're pulled into some stupid loop!" Weiss says in frustration, remembering how her
fruitless attempts to head to the Tree prior to heading to the Red Castle turned out.
"Wait, didn't the Cat say something about knowing the place? Maybe that's a clue." Rei
suggests.
"..." Saeko ponders while Saya scratches her head violently.
Saya scratches her head violently. "Argh, this is impossible! I can't figure out what that stupid
thing was saying!"
Nothing's made sense to her since they arrived in the Ever After, and this explanation was
even worse.
However, everyone's attention soon shifts to the sound of a soft whine and turns to see
Juniper slowly approaching them.
The loyal Jackalope had stayed outside of Jaune's home while they trained in the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber and was somehow spared from Fake-Pyrrha's massacre.
"Juniper! You're alive!" Jaune walks towards her friend and pets her side. "I'm so happy to
see you!"
Juniper purrs at the affection before taking a step back and turns around, surprising the old
man. "What's wrong, girl?"
Juniper glances at Jaune before walking towards the forest.
"I believe she wants us to follow her." Merlin comments.
The group follows Juniper through the forest until they come out at the Paper Pleasers'
village.
When they arrived, however, they were surprised to find that instead of the decimated ruins
filled with charred remains of Paper Pleasers, the village was being rebuilt into something
new, with the biggest contrast being that the constructs were made of crystal rather than
paper.

And they were further surprised to see that the village was filled with walking Star-shaped
crystals!
"What are those things? I hope they aren't those chaos crystals that Azule warned us about."
Yang warily asked, their prior experiences with the Crystal Dragon and the Red Prince left a
bad taste in her mouth.
"Hello there." Everyone looks down to see a red star-shaped crystal Afteran carrying a basket
of berries.
"You appear upset. Would you be so kind as to tell me how I can help? Perhaps you are
hungry?" The red crystal Afteran offers them a few berries.
"Huh?" Jaune was confused. "No, that's okay."
"If I can get you anything else, please don't hesitate to ask! That's what I'm here for!" The red
crystal exclaims happily.
"What are you?" Rei asks the red gem.
The Yellow Genial Gem places their foot into the water.
"We are the Genial Gems, and we've arrived here to clean up this beautiful land and create
something wonderful and pleasing." The Red Gem explains.
Jaune watches the Genial Gems remove the parts of the former village of the Paper Pleasers.
Then the Genial Gems wade through the waters and place their hands on it, a glowing light
appears. The stream flutters in the air and transforms into a crystal structure.
"It's them, isn't it? They're back." Blake said.
"It's just like Peter and Azule said about [Ascension]. They came back from the Tree better."
Weiss says in realization.
"No flood, fire, or Chaos Monster will ever hurt them again." Yang adds.
"Merlin was right. By trying so hard to save them, I kept them from becoming what they
needed to be. I was being selfish because I wanted the rush of rescuing someone. Like I could
actually save the people I cared about instead of losing them. And I felt like I got that here."
Jaune sadly states in realization, with Penny looking down in shame.
Merlin looked at the despairing knight and was about to say something, but someone else
beat her to it.
"Jaune…" A hand touches his shoulder and he turns to see Penny next to him. "It's not your
fault, Jaune. You did what you thought was right."
"No, I didn't… I was just running away and spent the years living under a delusion." Jaune
argued.

"I know… and it's my fault that you carried this burden. I made a choice and forced you to do
something unspeakable." Penny states in shame. "If anyone's living under a delusion, it's me."
"Penny no."
"Penny, yes. It was I who took on Cinder alone. It was I who lost the Relics." Penny takes a
nervous breath. "And it was I… who forced you to kill me."
"But-"
"Just stop it, Jaune. You're being too hard on yourself." Weiss steps in. "We know it's a lot,
but endlessly telling yourselves we're not good enough will get us nowhere." She continues.
"We failed, and nothing will change that. I can guarantee you that even the greatest heroes in
history have made mistakes or lost at some point or another… but they were still brave
enough to keep going."
Jaune glances at the white Huntress. "And you think I'm brave, Weiss?"
"Of course you are, Jaune. You're the toughest, smartest, most stubborn blond I've ever met!"
Yang bombastically exclaims. "You survived Initiation with no training or [Aura]. You
followed Ruby to Mistral to take down Cinder and you fought off an army of Grimm like
they were nothing! I mean, how braver can you get!?"
"It's true you had your shortcomings but that never stopped you from doing the right thing.
You always faced the challenges head on and either got back up when you were knocked
down or became even better than you were before!" Blake says to reassure her friend and
support her girlfriend's efforts.
"Guys…" Jaune says while his eyes teared up, as Weiss and Penny embraced him into a hug
that Blake, Ruby, and Yang joined in. Merlin and the others refrained due to how personal it
was, but still found the scene very touching.
"You know, maybe the Cat was right. It's not a place you go." Jaune says as they break away
from him, before leaves suddenly start blowing all around them before they are engulfed in a
flash of light. When the light dies down, they are no longer in the Paper Pleaser's Acre, but in
a wooded area surrounded by trees.
"Whoa, how did we get here?!" Rei asked in bafflement.
"Don't ask me, this world has been one weird thing after another!" Saya says in frustration.
"I think Jaune figured it out: the key to arriving at the Tree is acceptance of one's self."
Merlin realized.
"It's a place you know." Weiss said, now realizing the meaning behind the words.
"And now that we're here, we can find the Cat and hopefully Azule!" Ruby says with
newfound optimism.

"Let's go, everyone." Saeko says as they all traverse through the branches, though making
sure to keep an eye out for any hidden surprises.
Weiss pulls out one of the branches only to jump back in shock by the sudden face appearing
before her.
"It's the Herbalist." Ruby says, recognizing the statue of that particular Afteran.
"This must be where the Afterans undergo the [Ascension] process. Simply incredible."
Peter's eyes sparkle at this new discovery.
"I think I get it. This is how we got here, or... why the Tree brought us here." Jaune pets
Juniper. "Acceptance."
"But… where's nii-san?" Alice asks the obvious, as they don't see Azule anywhere.
"He's not here. That's very odd." Merlin comments.
A sound breaks the tension as the group looks in its direction. The sound continues as the
Herbalist's sculpture breaks, revealing blue butterfly wings.
The Herbalist stretches, cracks his knuckles, looks around, then begins to fly towards the sky.
"And there he goes… off to fulfill his purpose." Peter mutters. "I hope you are doing well
Elder, wherever you are."
"Hey guys, there's a clearing ahead!" Saya points in a certain direction, causing all of them to
head to said clearing.
When they arrived, they saw a large open area in front of them, but the most noticeable thing
was the large doorway filled with light in the Great Tree.
"Is that… the way out?" Saya asks and Jaune nods.
"It must be. This was how Lewis returned to Remnant… and where Alyx died." Jaune said
the last part mournfully.
"Look you guys, up there!" Jaune turns to Saya pointing upwards.
The group follows her finger and to find a wooden statue of Azule protruding from one of the
tallest branches, his body covered in a blanket of vines as if binding him into place.
"Is that…" Rei says as he recognizes the face.
"AZULE!" Ruby happily chirps.
"But why is he like that?" Yang asks, his statue's state is different from the Herbalist. "He
looks almost… trapped."

"That would be because he is, my dear." A familiar voice says in dark amusement as space
shatters like glass and NeoCat appears with a mock bow. "Welcome to the Great Tree, where
the beginning and the end are one and the same."
"You…" Jaune growls and the Cat chuckles.
"I really envy him, you know." NeoCat looks up at the wooden statue of Azule. "Azule Rose
is such a chaotic and curious character, and Mr. Peddler gets to have him all to himself~"
"What are you talking about? What does the Jinxy Peddler want with Azule?" Jaune
demands.
Peter ponders for a bit before realization strikes him like a boulder. "The elder's oracle…"
"Huh?" Everyone turns to the Afteran.
"So far, every encounter Sir. Asmodeus has been prophesied by the elder except one: the God
of Games." Peter reveals as he looks at NeoCat. "That's Jinxy Peddler's true identity, isn't it."
"Who knows. He always had a passion for games, which fit his role as a merchant perfectly:
it's all a game. Though that only means Azule will have even less of a chance of winning
against him." NeoCat mocked, causing everyone to harshly glare at him.
"Can it, you bastard! We're not your prey, and we're gonna make you pay for everything
you've done!" Yang angrily roars as everyone readies their weapons and charges their power.
"You can try, and when you fail, you'll either help me get through the doorway to Remnant or
all die." NeoCat tells them as they all charge towards him.
"Show them what you're capable of, Metagross!" The Toymaker cries out as he throws
the [Poké Ball] that releases a large metallic blue Pokemon with a large metal X on its face,
red eyes, and four legs, better known as Metagross.
"Gross!" The Iron Leg Pokémon cries out.
"It seems the Toymaker's team is composed of Pseudo-Legendary Pokémon. Not to mention
that as a Steel-type, it has the type advantage against your Fairy-type Pokémon." Delta states.
"Metagross, Mega Evolve!" The Toymaker cries out as he uses his [Key Stone] in
conjunction with the [Metagrossite] , turning it into Mega Metagross. "Now Metagross,
use [Flash Cannon]!"
Mega Metagross' X glows a bright light before it releases a powerful blast at Mega
Gardevoir.
"Gardevoir, use [Shadow Sneak] and then combine it with [Fire Punch]!" I immediately
commanded, causing Mega Gardevoir to sink into her shadow before the Steel-Type move
could attack and reappeared behind her opponent with a reared fist charged with shadows and

flames before striking her opponent, causing Mega Metagross to cry in pain at the supereffective combo that knocked it several feet away.
"Gardevoir, use [Will-O-Wisp] before Metagross can recover!" I told her, causing Mega
Gardevoir to manifest a ring of bluish-white flame that flew and struck the still-dazed Mega
Metagross, causing it to cry in pain at its new burned status.
"Relying on status effects to help secure your victory? Not the most impressive strategy." The
Toymaker mocks, although he was internally a little annoyed.
"I'm more practical than proud, and given the stakes, I'm certainly gonna use every advantage
I can!" I retorted. Despite both being Mega-Evolved, Mega Metagross is definitely the
strongest of the two stat-wise. Plus it has a type-advantage against Mega Gardevoir due to
being a Steel-Type compared to her Fairy-Type. And its type combination and ability to float
above ground meant the only moves particularly effective against it were Fire, Ghost, and
Dark, with Mega Gardevoir having none of the latter and only a few of the former two.
Metagross isn't known as a Pseudo-Legendary for nothing.
"Well, don't think that approach will last very long! Metagross, use a combination
of [Agility] and [Bullet Punch]!" The Toymaker orders, causing Mega Metagross to
disappear in a blur of afterimages before overwhelming Mega Gardevoir with a flurry of
strikes from its four limbs before knocking her away.
As Mega Gardevoir painfully got back up and regained her bearings, her opponent cried out
in pain from its burn.
"Don't let the Burn stop you, Metagross! Use [Meteor Mash]!" The Toymaker commanded,
causing Mega Metagross to charge forward with its limbs glowing white.
'If that attack hits, Gardevoir will lose!' I bit my lip nervously before an idea came to me.
"Gardevoir, use [Teleport] to get behind Metagross and then use [Fire Punch]!"
Before Mega Metagross can hit her, Mega Gardevoir disappears from sight, before
reappearing behind it and striking it with the Fire-Type move, causing it to cry in pain as it
gets knocked away.
"Metagross, let's just finish this with a combination of [Agility] and [Bullet Punch]!" The
Toymaker says in annoyance while the Pokémon regains its bearings and disappears.
Mega Metagross then unleashes another flurry of strikes from its four limbs that knocks
Mega Gardevoir away.
When she landed on the ground, Gardevoir had reverted to normal, clearly having fainted.
"Gardevoir return." I say while recalling the Embrace Pokémon. "You did a good job."
"The two of you are once again at a stalemate. I recommend using a Pokémon with a type
advantage." Delta said.

"Feeling nervous yet?" The Toymaker asks cockily.
"Not yet, we're both tied but your Metagross is running on fumes at this point and likely
won't take another hit." I pull out another [Poké Ball]. "You've been using PseudoLegendaries one after another, so I think it's time I brought out one of my own. Go
Garchomp!"
Emerging from the [Poké Ball] was a large black, red, and yellow anthropomorphic sharklike Pokémon.
"Garr!" The Mach Pokémon proudly roars.
"Garchomp is a good choice. They are powerful and versatile Pokémon, with high Attack
stat, good Speed, and access to powerful moves like Earthquake and Dragon Claw." Delta
said.
"Hm, and here I was thinking I would be the only one to use Pseudo-Legendary Pokémon."
The Toymaker notes.
"Unlike you, I'm not lazy enough to make at least half my team of Pseudo-Legendaries." I
deadpanned before activating my [Key Stone]. "Garchomp, Mega Evolve!"
A brief flash of light later, and Mega Garchomp takes his place.
"Garchomp, use [Stealth Rock] followed by [Sword Dance]!" I told him, causing Mega
Garchomp to levitate a group of rocks that surrounded the Toymaker's side of the field before
initiating the frantic dance that significantly boosts its already impressive offensive
capabilities.
"Really? You started out so bold but are now getting more cautious. How amusing." The
Toymaker chuckled before getting more serious. "Mega Metagross, use [Ice Punch]!"
Mega Metagross charges forward with its limbs glowing an Icy blue, but I was undeterred.
"Garchomp! Use [Double Team] to dodge and then counter with [Fire Fang]!" I said,
causing Mega Garchomp to manifest multiple illusionary copies.
Mega Metagross tries to strike at the various copies, but fails in finding the real one before
Mega Garchomp grabs it with a fiery bite.
"Metagross!" Mega Metagross cries out in pain as Mega Garchomp shakes it repeatedly in its
fiery jaws before tossing it away.
"Now, finish it with a [Fire Blast]!" I follow up, with Mega Garchomp unleashing a fivepronged fire attack that succeeded in hitting the still dazed opponent.
When the flames died away, Metagross had been revealed to have reverted to normal and had
fainted.

"Metagross, return." The Toymaker said in an emotionless manner, before pulling out his
fourth [Poké Ball]. "Go, Abomasnow!"
Materializing before us was essentially a hybrid of a tree with the Abominable Snowman that
was more commonly known as Abomasnow.
"Abomasnow!" The Frost Tree Pokémon roars as it immediately starts to hail, though it cried
in pain and took some damage from [Stealth Rock].
'Oh yeah, I forgot Abomasnow's ability caused it to hail. And just my luck he picked it.' I
mentally groaned as the Toymaker touched his [Key Stone].
"Abomasnow is an Ice-type and it has a huge advantage against a Dragon/Ground-type like
Garchomp. Proceed with caution." Delta warned.
"Abomasnow, Mega Evolve!" The Toymaker cried as its [Abomasnowite] reacted and
subsequently turned it into Mega Abomasnow.
"Garchomp! Use [Sunny Day] followed by [Flamethrower]!" I yelled, wanting to both
eliminate the bad weather condition while capitalizing on Mega Abomasnow's biggest type
disadvantage.
Mega Garchomp quickly sent a beam of energy that replaced the hailstorm with searing
sunlight, after which he immediately sent out a stream of flames from its mouth towards its
opponent.
"Abomasnow, use [Ice Beam]!" The Toymaker commanded, causing Mega Abomasnow to
unleash an icy beam of energy at the incoming attack.
The two attacks collided, but the strength possessed by Mega Garchomp coupled with the
type advantage of the Fire-Type move and the effects of [Sunny Day] allowed it to power
through the [Ice Beam] and strike the vulnerable Ice/Grass Type.
"Abomasnow!" The Frost Tree Pokémon cried in pain at the severity of the Fire-Type move.
'Hell yeah!' I grinned, but it quickly died an ugly death when I saw the calculating look in the
Toymaker's eyes.
"Abomasnow, use [Giga Drain] at max strength, coupled with
both [Ingrain] and [Synthesis]!" The Toymaker said, causing Mega Abomasnow to unleash
a powerful green beam of energy that drained a lot of energy from Mega Garchomp that
caused him to cry out in pain as Mega Abomasnow's injuries were healing, along with roots
extending from its legs into the ground and its whole body glowing a faint gold from sunlight
that further aided in recovery.
"Let me guess: you assumed a combination of [Sunny Day] and [Flamethrower] would be
enough to weaken Abomasnow that Garchomp could secure another win? Not considering
the fact that it had multiple healing moves, with [Synthesis] getting stronger by the [Sunny

Day] you ironically created?" The Toymaker questioned in amusement. "Abomasnow,
use [Blizzard]!"
"Garchomp, use [Fire Blast] quickly!" I immediately countered, with Mega Abomasnow
unleashing a powerful mini-snowstorm of wind and ice while Mega Garchomp unleashed the
five-pronged fire attack.
The two attacks collided with considerable force. Just as it looked like they were gonna
cancel out, Mega Abomasnow's attack had somehow come out on top and struck Mega
Garchomp, causing him to cry in pain at the powerful Ice-Type Move.
"Quickly, Abomasnow! Use [Ice Beam]!" The Toymaker called out, causing the Frost
Pokémon to unleash another freezing beam of energy.
"Counter with [Flamethrower]!" I cried in an attempt to regain my advantage, but Mega
Garchomp was unable to charge the attack before being struck, causing him to once again cry
in pain as ice covered its body.
When the attack ends, Garchomp collapses to the ground, reverting to normal and having
fainted.
"You did your best, Garchomp. Return." I told the Mach Pokémon in consolation before
recalling him. I then pull my fourth [Poké Ball]. "Go, Charizard!"
Out of the [Poké Ball] materializes the iconic orange dragon Pokémon that was arguably the
most iconic Starter Pokémon: Charizard!
"Rawr!" The Flame Pokémon proudly roars as I activate my [Key Stone] and it reacts to
Charizard's [Charizardite X] , transforming it into its black and blue dragon form.
"Charizard, use [Dragon Dance] followed by a combination of [Aerial Ace] and [Flame
Charge]!" I told Mega Charizard X, causing it to immediately perform and complete the
draconic dance in record time before shooting at Mega Abomasnow at incredible speeds.
Due to the fact that [Aerial Ace] was both extremely fast and impossible to dodge, coupled
with Mega Charizard X's boost in speed and the fact Mega Abomasnow still be winded from
its fight with Garchomp, it was unable to defend itself as it was struck by its opponent,
making it cry in pain from the significant damage it endured, which was enhanced due
to [Sunny Day] still being in effect.
"Now! Use [Inferno] while Abomasnow is down!" I followed up before the Toymaker could
say anything, causing Mega Charizard X to immediately unleash a fiery blast at point blank
range, causing Mega Abomasnow to cry in pain once again.
As the flames die down and Mega Charizard X flies away, Mega Abomasnow is surprisingly
still standing, but heavily injured, which was exacerbated when its body ignited, indicating it
was Burned.

"Don't think that just because you managed to land several Fire-Type moves that this match
will be decided so easily!" The Toymaker growled, slowly losing his cool. "Abomasnow,
use [Rock Slide] to knock that overgrown lizard out of the sky!"
Mega Abomasnow started to chuck large boulders at Mega Charizard X.
"Charizard, use [Double Team] and follow it up with [Flamethrower]!" I called out,
causing Mega Charizard X to manifest multiple illusionary copies as the boulders of [Rock
Slide] got close, with none of them able to successfully hit him before Mega Charizard X
unleashed a powerful blast of blue flames from its mouth that rapidly struck his opponent.
"Abomasnow!" The Frost Pokémon cried out, and once the flames died down, Abomasnow
was revealed to be back to normal and fainted.
"Whooho!" I cheered.
"Grr, Abomasnow, return!" The Toymaker growled before glaring at me. "Don't even THINK
the game's outcome has been decided yet!"
"I wasn't planning on doing so anyways." I retort with a shrug of my shoulders. As powerful
as the Toymaker was, even he had to adhere to his own rules, though that didn't mean I got
cocky.
"Go Swampert!" The Toymaker yells as he throws his fifth [Poké Ball], which releases a
large, anthropomorphic blue-and-orange toad-like Pokémon.
"Swampert!" The Mud Fish Pokémon cried out its name.
"Swampert, Mega Evolve!" The Toymaker immediately yells while touching his [Key
Stone, which reacted with the [Swampertite] and transformed it into a more robust (and topheavy, in terms of arm size) form.
However, whatever sort of confidence it had in its newfound strength was undermined when
the effects of [Stealth Rock] kicked in, inflicting some damage on it.
'Oh man, he picked Swampert? Their only major weakness is Grass-Type moves, of which
Charizard only knows a few. Thankfully his mega-evolved form reduces his weakness to
water-type moves and his ability to still fly means most ground-type moves will be relatively
useless, but still.' I thought nervously, before realizing the effects of [Sunny Day] were still
in effect. 'I got an idea.'
"Swampert, use [Stone Edge]!" The Toymaker called out, and as Mega Swampert regained
its bearings from [Stealth Rock, it unleashed a flurry of sharp rocks from the ground as
projectiles towards its opponent.
"Charizard, use a combination of [Steel Wing] and [Aerial Ace] to both block all the stones
and counter against Swampert!" I told my Mega-Evolved Pokémon.
"Rawr!" Mega Charizard X roared as its wings hardened into metal and flew at breakneck
speeds as its body glowed white, using its wings to block the stones as it got closer and

subsequently struck Mega Swampert, knocking him away.
"Charizard, quick! Use [Solar Beam] while Swampert is disoriented!" I follow up and Mega
Charizard X starts to charge up solar energy that it gathers in an instant thanks to [Sunny
Day] and subsequently shot a blast of pure sunlight at the still dazed Mega Swampert,
causing it to cry in pain as it was engulfed in an explosion.
As the smoke cleared, Mega Swampert was still standing but greatly injured.
"That's it! We're ending this here and now!" The Toymaker yelled, slowly losing his temper
as the battle turned against him. "Swampert, use [Rain Dance] followed by [Surf]!"
Mega Swampert subsequently shoots a ball of water at the sky that immediately turns the
sunny weather into a rainstorm, after which it manifests a massive wave from both the rain
and the water on the field already that was approaching at Mega Charizard X at breakneck
speed, especially since Mega Swampert's [Swift Swim] was kicking in due to the rain,
leaving the Flame Pokémon no time to dodge.
"Charizard!" I cried out as it was swallowed up by water.
As the water disappeared, Mega Charizard X was still standing, but was greatly injured.
"Charizard, use a combination of [Aerial Ace] and [Dynamic Punch]!" I yell and Mega
Charizard X quickly takes to the air before diving towards Mega Swampert at breakneck
speed with its body glowing white as its right fist glowed yellow before he subsequently
struck his opponent, knocking him away.
When Mega Swampert gets back up, it's clear he took quite a bit of damage from the combo
attack, and his eyes were glowing red, indicating it was confused.
"Swampert, just finish this with [Hydro Cannon]!" The Toymaker screams, refusing to lose
another match while his opponent still has two other Pokémon.
Mega Swampert manages to charge a large glowing sphere of water that it shoots rapidly at
Mega Charizard X, who's overwhelmed by its power and speed in conjunction with the rain
and was engulfed in an explosion.
When the smoke cleared, Charizard had reverted to normal and had fainted.
"You did your best, Charizard. Take a rest." I told him as I recalled him before getting my
fifth [Poké Ball]. "Go Blaziken!"
Materializing was a red and beige anthropomorphic bird Pokémon that had fire generating
from its wrists, known as Blaziken.
"Blaziken!" The Blaze Pokémon yelled out its name.
"Let's end this together, Blaziken! [Key Stone] activate!" I called out while using my [Key
Stone] which reacts to the [Blazikenite] on his neck, mega evolving into Mega Blaziken.

"Ha! One fire type starter did poorly against Swampert, and now you send another?" The
Toymaker laughs, thinking his opponent must have been really desperate if that was his next
choice.
"I have to agree, this move is illogical." Delta said.
"Trust me, I got this." I confidently said before looking at Mega Blaziken. "Blaziken,
use [Swords Dance] followed by a combo of [Agility] and [Focus Punch]!"
"Blaze!" Blaziken performs the frantic dance that sharply boosts its strength, before running
at increasing speed with a blur of afterimages as its right fist glows blue.
Mega Swampert, who's still recharging due to the side effects of [Hydro Cannon] , is
ultimately helpless when Mega Blaziken strikes it directly in the face and knocks him several
feet away.
"Blaziken, before Swampert can recover, use [Sunny Day]!" I told him, wanting to boost his
fire type moves and weaken his opponent's water type moves, along with solidifying the
speed difference by canceling Mega Swampert's [Swift Swim].
"Blaziken!" Mega Blaziken cries as it shoots a beam into the sky that once again turned the
weather into a searing sunlight.
"Swampert, use [Muddy Water]!" The Toymaker yelled, but as Mega Swampert gathered
water, it blew up in its face and blew it back due to its confusion.
I smirk. "Blaziken, finish this off with a max-power [Solar Beam]!"
Mega Blaziken rapidly gathers sunlight and almost immediately fires a powerful blast of
sunlight at the still dazed Mega Swampert, causing it to cry in pain as it was engulfed in an
explosion.
When the smoke settled, Swampert had reverted to normal and had fainted.
"Told ya." I smirked.
"GAH!" The Toymaker roared, enraged as he recalled Swampert before glaring at me. "Mark
my words, you will NOT win this game!"
"You say that, but you only have one Pokémon left whereas I have two, and you have yet to
see my final Pokémon!" I confidently retort.
"We'll see about that! Go, Alakazam!" The Toymaker angrily yelled as he threw his
final [Poké Ball].
Materializing from it was a bipedal gold and brown Pokémon with a large head, pointed ears,
and whiskers on its face, while also carrying two spoons with one in each hand.
"Alakazam!" The Psi Pokémon cried out, though it promptly received damage due
to [Stealth Rock], making it cry out in pain.

"A Psychic-type of Alakazam's caliber will prove to be a challenge. I recommend using
Blaziken's natural agility to keep it disoriented." Delta comments.
"Alakazam, Mega Evolve!" The Toymaker immediately called out while touching his [Key
Stone], which reacted with the [Alakazamite] and turned it into Mega Alakazam.
"Alakazam, use [Calm Mind] followed by [Psybeam]!"
Mega Alakazam's eyes glow blue before he brings his hands together and shoots a rainbow
beam of psionic energy.
'He is definitely slipping due to his anger. Why go with [Psybeam] when [Psychic] is the
better option?' I thought before shaking my head. "Blaziken, use [Agility] to dodge and then
use [Shadow Claw]!"
"Blaziken!" Mega Blaziken roared as it charged at Mega Alakazam in blur of afterimages of
increasing speed that easily allowed him to dodge [Psybeam] and get close to Mega
Alakazam with his claws coated in shadows before scratching Mega Alakazam, causing his
opponent to cry out in pain.
"Damn it! Alakazam, just use [Psychic] at max strength and beat this bird!" The Toymaker
sneered, with Mega Alakazam's eyes glowing blue before Mega Blaziken was covered in a
blue outline.
What followed was a series of telekinetic movements that slammed Mega Blaziken from one
wall to another.
"Don't let up, keep going!" The Toymaker insists, causing Mega Alakazam to repeatedly do
this until Blaziken reverts to normal, indicating he had fainted, at which point Mega
Alakazam finally lets him go.
'And that's why [Psychic] is often underestimated in the anime. It's versatile as fuck.' I
grudgingly acknowledged as I recall Blaziken, the brutal display having left a bad taste in my
mouth.
"Ha, now you are down to one Pokémon as well!" The Toymaker cockily pointed out.
"Yeah, except yours is injured and tired from excess [Psychic]." I argue as the Psi Pokémon
seems to have reached his limit.
Toymaker scowls at the comment. "Just send out your last pathetic Pokémon so that I can end
this game."
"This Pokémon does not have a [Mega Stone] and against a Pokémon like Alakazam its
chances of victory are less than 45%." Delta said.
"No, but it has something better." I replied, knowing this match would decide the outcome of
my future and that of the multiverse itself. I pull my final [Poké Ball] and throw it into the
arena. "Go, Greninja!"

Materializing from the [Poké Ball] is a large blue and beige anthropomorphic Frog-like
Pokémon that seemed to wear its own tongue around its neck like a scarf.
"Greninja!" The Ninja Pokémon cried its name.
"Ha! Greninja might be decent in its own right, but it's no match for my Mega Alakazam!"
The Toymaker mocked me, but was caught off guard when I chuckled.
"That might be the case, IF this were a regular Greninja!" I proclaim with a big grin before
turning to Greninja. "Show 'em!"
Greninja nods before he's suddenly enveloped in a veil of water before it disappeared to
reveal that Greninja's appearance had changed, with part of his face now being red and his
ears now being black with protrusions with red thunderbolts on them, with his torso
developing an unusual symbol while a massive shuriken made of water manifested on his
back.
"What's this?! This isn't Mega Evolution?!" The Toymaker exclaimed, caught off guard by
Greninja's change.
"And here I thought you knew all the games, I guess even your knowledge has its limits." I
mocked. "This is known as the Bond Phenomenon or simply the [Battle Bond]. It's an
extremely rare and special ability that only occurs when the trust between trainers and their
Pokémon is at maximum!"
"It makes no difference! My Alakazam is still much stronger!" The Toymaker points forward.
"Alakazam, use [Focus Blast]!"
Mega Alakazam charges up and fires a powerful blast of blue energy that heads towards its
opponent, but I was undeterred.
"Greninja, dodge it using [Shadow Sneak] and then combine it with [Aerial Ace]!"
Ash-Greninja rapidly sinks into his own shadow before [Focus Blast] can land and reappears
behind Mega Alakazam with his right arm glowing white while coated in shadows that
promptly struck.
Mega Alakazam cried in pain due to the significant damage it received, especially
since [Shadow Sneak] was a super-effective Ghost-Type move against a Psychic-Type like
it.
"Greninja! Use [Toxic] before Alakazam can recover, and then blast him away with [Dark
Pulse]!" I followed up, needing to press the advantage while Mega Alakazam was too
disoriented and tired to react.
Ash-Greninja complies and rears its left fist as it glows a sickly purple and promptly attacks
Mega Alakazam, causing it to cry in pain as it's badly poisoned, before Ash-Greninja sends a
charged blast of dark energy that sends his opponent flying several feet away.

"Alakazam!" Mega Alakazam cries out in pain as it flies away from the super-effective DarkType move, and even as it lands and slowly gets back up, it once again cries in pain due to its
poisoned state inflicting more damage.
"Don't think this guarantees anything! Alakazam, use [Shock Wave]!" The Toymaker angrily
roared, refusing to lose when the stakes were so high.
Mega Alakazam charged up electricity around his body before sending a massive surge that
went flying in all directions.
"Greninja, use [Dig] to dodge it and combine it with [Faint Attack]!" I commanded,
knowing the former was one of the few ways to dodge the normally unavoidable [Shock
Wave].
Ash-Greninja promptly dug himself into the ground before [Shock Wave] could strike, and
immediately emerged from the ground underneath Mega Alakazam before striking him with
a punch enhanced with dark energy, once again causing Mega Alakazam to cry in pain as it
was sent a couple of feet away.
As Mega Alakazam slowly got back up, it cried in pain due to the poison status inflicting
more damage, and it was clear it would not last much longer.
"Alakazam, use [Recover] NOW!" The Toymaker yelled, his demeanor shifting from angry
to desperate as he realized that Mega Alakazam was on its last legs.
"Greninja, use [Rain Dance] followed by [Swords Dance]!" I told Ash-Greninja, wanting to
be ready to end this quickly even after Mega Alakazam healed some of its damage.
Mega Alakazam promptly started glowing white as it was healing itself while Ash-Greninja
sent an orb of water into the air that changed the weather from sunny to a rainstorm and then
immediately performed the frantic dance that sharply increased its strength.
"Don't think this will go the way you think! Alakazam, use [Teleport] to get in close and then
use [Drain Punch]!" The Toymaker called out, wanting to inflict some serious damage while
helping Mega Alakazam to recover some of his strength.
"Greninja, evade with [Shadow Sneak] then attack with [Faint Attack]!" I countered,
refusing to let Mega Alakazam regain any more ground with so much at stake.
Mega Alakazam immediately appears behind Ash-Greninja with its right fist glowing red, but
Ash-Greninja sinks into his shadow just before the attack could make contact and appears
behind his opponent and promptly strikes it with a fist augmented by both shadows and dark
energy.
"Alakazam!" Mega Alakazam cried in pain as it was once again knocked away a couple of
feet, the Dark/Ghost combo move inflicting considerable damage that reversed most of the
healing done by [Recover, with another cry of pain indicating that its Poisoned Status only
caused more damage.

"Time to end this. Greninja, finish him off with [Water Shuriken] at max strength!" I say as
Ash-Greninja grabs the large shuriken off his back and augments it, with it growing larger
and the same shade of red-orange it did in the Kalos finals in the anime before he promptly
threw it at Mega Alakazam.
"No! Alakazam, use [Protect] quickly!" The Toymaker frantically called out, but before
Mega Alakazam could form the protective barrier, he was promptly struck by the
massive [Water Shuriken] that engulfed it in a massive explosion.
When the smoke cleared, Alakazam was revealed to have reverted to normal and had fainted.
"YES!" I cheered, any anxiety I had was gone as the victory had settled in.
"NO!" The Toymaker exclaimed in horror and anger, and got on his knees. The Toyroom then
shifts back into its original appearance as the arena and all the Pokémon disappear.
"How… How did I lose to a mere human? It's not possible." Toymaker murmurs, his godly
mind unable to comprehend the loss.
"Oh, but it is." I walk towards the Toymaker. "And now it's time to fulfill your end of the
bargain."
The Toymaker whips his head up and sweats nervously as he realizes what that meant.
"H-Hey now, let's not be hasty! I can give you back your system and more! I can give you
entire universes to mold into whatever you desire. I… I can make you my heir for defeating
me!" The Toymaker tries to bargain and I shake my head.
"Nope. I set the rules of the game, remember? No matter how much you struggle, you have to
obey as they bind your entire existence." I state much to the god's hysteria. "Besides, you
tried to screw with my sisters, and that's something I will NEVER forgive. Not only that, but
you destroyed Neo's mind and turned the Cat into an even bigger pain in the ass than before."
I scolded him. "So now, you reap what you sow, as the saying goes."
The Toymaker looks down and sees his hands folding like paper. "P-Please… don't…"
"Toymaker… BEGONE!"
The Toymaker screams in despair as he is helpless to stop his body from literally folding in
on itself before disappearing into nothingness along with his Toyroom.
Soon, particles of light begin to rise from the void before traveling towards me and are
absorbed into my body.
I could feel the energy surging within me before a message appeared.
System restored. Continuing download.
45%... 67%... 78%... 89%... 100%!

Update complete. All functions are now available.
100 Reputation for Team RWBY (100/100)
100 Reputation for Peter Rabbit (100/100)
95 Reputation for Jaune Arc (95/100)
100 Affection for Penny Polendina (100/100)
100 Affection for Merlin (100/100)
100 Affection for Rei Miyamoto (100/100)
100 Affection for Saeko Busujima (100/100)
100 Affection for Saya Takagi (100/100)
100 Reputation for Alice Maresato (100/100)
100 Reputation for Zeke (100/100)
[Holy shit! I felt like I was being suffocated. What the fuck just happened!?]
'Tobi! You have no idea how happy I am to hear your voice, you snarky bastard!' I happily
exclaim, glad to have my AI-like buddy back. 'As for the question, well, it's a bit of a long
story.'
Alert!
User and System has met qualifications for Evolution.
Calculating best potential evolutionary path…
Error: Anomaly detected!
Cannot undergo Evolution until anomaly is corrected.
Action: Activate Countermeasure Protocols.
Please wait…
Before I can comprehend what happened, my surroundings changed into the familiar dull
void that is my mindscape.
"Whoa, why am I in my mindscape?" I thought aloud.
"Because it's time we talk, especially now given the circumstances." A familiar voice
answered, and I turned to see Acnologia.
"Acnologia? Where have you been all this time?" I ask, causing the Dragon King to sigh.

"Right.I guess there's no point in delaying this any longer." Acnologia says before his body
lights up, forcing me to cover my eyes.
When I lowered my arm I was shocked to find Azule Rose standing in Acnologia's place.
[... damn. Now that's what I call a twist]
"What the hell!? Is this some kind of joke?" I exclaim in confusion as he shakes his head with
a smile.
"Nope. It's really me, Asmodeus." Azule confesses which just leaves me even more confused.
"... how? I killed you." I said, trying to process how Azule Rose is standing before me
ALIVE.
"Not entirely. Remember the first time we fought? How [Determination] kept
you mostly dead?" Azule asks.
"Of course. How could I forget my 2nd death at the hands of bandit MILF Raven?" I
sarcastically remark.
"Well, it turns out that [Determination] works both ways, then there's [Semblance's] ability,
though it wasn't enough." Azule comments. "Only a small remnant of my soul managed to
endure. Not enough to influence you and certainly not enough to retain consciousness. I was
basically stuck in limbo."
"Is that even possible?"
[With this guy? He can probably bullshit through anything]
"I heard that." Azule bit back before continuing. "Anyways, I would have stayed in that
fractured state if it wasn't for Ignia."
My eyes widened. "Ignia?"
"When you absorbed his [Magic Power] your body was almost destroyed by the immense
flux. And while you healed, your body underwent a mutation thanks to Ignia's magic
saturating your [Magic Core, birthing a [Dragon Seed] inside you." He explains. "However,
his magic also affected my fragment, giving me dragon-like qualities. I'm sure you remember
that."
My eyes widened as I remembered the glitch that appeared in my stat sheet. "That was you?"
"My fragment was unstable due to the foreign energy, it couldn't properly balance the
energies, and that instability would show up on your system as a random error." He places a
hand on his chest. "This mutation allowed me to absorb the ambient Ethernano on Earthland
and heal my soul but it wasn't enough. Your abysmal control over your magic made it
impossible for a full restoration. That is until you went to Elentear and learned [Moon
Dragon Slayer Magic] from Selene, fixing and refining your control of magic but it still
wasn't enough to heal me."

"Then what triggered your reformation?" I ask, but then my eyes widen in realization as I
remembered when he first appeared to me. "It was the first Wolfen copy of Acnologia, wasn't
it?"
"Yep. Just as Ignia's magic mutated me and Selene's training helped boost the healing
process, consuming Acnologia's magic power was the final catalyst. Remember, Acnologia
was not only able to consume all forms of magic, but he could also affect souls as well."
Azule said. "It allowed my soul to fully reform. I then took on Acnologia's form,
masquerading my soul and fooling your system into thinking I was just part of your magic."
He confirmed. "The [Chaos Energy] you got from your fight with Aldoron only took it
further, and I ended up accumulating attributes you amassed as you became an [Omniversal
Chimera]."
"But then why wait this long to reveal yourself? Why didn't you try to take over again?" I
asked in confusion, to which Azule rolled his eyes in response.
"Because back then you weren't as strong as you were now, and the system wouldn't be
fooled by the same trick twice." Azule replies as he walks past me. "Plus after watching you
give everything you had to protect Fairy Tail and their universe, it made me realize that we
aren't that much different. I even went as far as to dive into your subconscious and give you
the edge to defeat your Shadow at the risk of losing myself." He raises his right arm and
clenches his hand tight. "We both want to protect those we love, doing whatever it takes to
make sure they survive." He loosens his grip. "The only difference is that you succeeded
where I failed."
"You're talking about your team." I said.
"Our team. Team AZUL (Azule). They were basically our second family." Three dunes of
darkness rise and take shape between us.
The first is a young man with straight black hair and wearing a black suit with a black tie. He
has two large black bat wings on his back, indicating he was a Bat Faunus. He has two
sword-pistols holstered on both sides of his waist.
The second is a tall girl, taller than all of us, with a heavy build that only Elm or Hazel could
match. She has silver hair that faded into gray at the tips tied to a small ponytail with a bang
covering the right side of her face, though you can still see the straps of an eyepatch on her
face, with wolf ears that clearly indicates she's a Wolf Faunus. Her left eye was a fierce
yellow that gave off a pretty intimidating stare that would mortify lesser men and a purple
prosthetic replaced her left arm. Her outfit consists of black cargo pants with purple belts
hanging loosely on her waist, black combat boots with purple laces, a long black vest that
fades into purple, and most bizarrely a white tank top with a purple floral design. Resting on
her right shoulder is an axe that was a bit plain-looking, but it can mechashift into a doublebarrel shotgun that uses Dust that becomes unstable the moment she fires, making it explode
on impact.
The third and final member a teenage girl with a lean but physically fit build with black hair
with a purple underside tied into a ponytail and vibrant green eyes who wore a pair of
sneakers, a black and purple coat that exposed the torso, a shoulder less top that was black

and purple with two straps on the abdomen, black shorts, and a belt to fasten her jacket to her
body. Carried on her shoulders behind her is a doubled-bladed rifle-sword that could split into
two separate rifle-swords.
"Zachary Nyx, Lily Lycanos, and Ultima Lavendra. My teammates, my closest friends, and
my surrogate family. They understood and accepted me without issue, with Zach and Lily
being particularly sympathetic to my awful childhood due to being Faunus. I could always
count on them and thought we could accomplish anything, only for things to meet a tragic
end due to a man I once considered an uncle." Azule said, his voice turning more bitter. "In
my final moments, I desperately wished for the power to kill those who wronged
me… and you answered."
"..." I didn't say anything as the facsimiles disappeared.
"Which brings us back to your predicament, and now you have to make a choice." Azule
states, causing me to tilt my head.
"What choice?"
"As you know, my soul and your system… don't mix. It sees me as an anomaly that needs to
be rectified in order to finish its restoration and if not resolved, we will both be erased."
Azule said. "Which only leaves us two options: we can merge and become a whole new
being, or we fight for dominance over this body again."
"Yeah. I'd rather not fight you." I said without hesitation. "I've seen your memories,
I've lived your life, and I know for a fact you're not a bad person. You helped me fight my
Shadow Self, and I could have never done that without you." I said before remembering
something. "You know, I think I finally figured out what the Blacksmith was pointing me
towards: it's you. She somehow knew I would reach this point and stand face-to-face with
you so that I can make my choice… and [Ascend]."
"And have you decided?" Azule says but sees the growing smile on my face.
"What do you think?" I ask, causing Azule to smile back.
"So, how's this gonna work exactly?" I ask my other self.
"You remember how Piccolo fused with Nail and Kami? It's basically the same deal, with you
as the dominant persona." Azule explained.
"I see." I look saddened but Azule waves it away.
"Don't give me that, I've already come to terms and accepted it. It's a way better deal than
being erased from existence." Azule notes before looking me in the eye. "Are you ready?"
"Yeah. And Azule, thanks for everything. I promise I'll keep Ruby and Yang safe. Both of
them." I placed my hand on his chest.
Azule smiles. "I know you will. You're me, after all."

"Heh." I let out a chuckle. How true that is.
"HAAAAAAAAAAA!" Azule screams as his [Aura] begins to flare brightly, causing
my [Aura] to react and merge with his, resulting in an explosion that swallows everything.
[OH MY GOD, I'M COMING DOWN!]
Anomaly resolved.
Evolution in progress…
Yang's hair and eyes turn fiery red before her body explodes in a red aura as [Sun
Dragon] goes into full effect.
"Take this!" She raises both arms and fires a large energy blast on NeoCat.
NeoCat, however, blocks it with enlarged versions of his hands via Neo's [Overactive
Imagination] as it pushes him quite a distance and looks in amusement.
"I won't deny that whatever Azule did in three days made you all much stronger, but did you
truly think that would be enough to beat me?" NeoCat mocks, but is surprised when Yang
only smirks.
"Maybe. But it does make for a good distraction." Yang says as shadow tendrils ensnare his
limbs and multiple copies of Blake appear as their bodies are augmented by shadow.
"Like Yang said before, we've changed a lot since you last saw us." One of the Blake clones
said as they all approach and unleash a flurry of shadow-enhanced strikes and slashes,
frustrating NeoCat as they receive numerous wounds that heal slower due to the [Chaos
Energy] countering his negative variant.
"Rah! You wretch!" NeoCat roars as he unleashes a shockwave of power that breaks his
restraints and dispels the copies. "I won't go down THAT easily!"
Before he can make a move, however, he hears a sonic boom and briefly sees a flurry of roselike molecules before being overwhelmed by a flurry of slashes and electric kicks.
"Your eyes, everyone!" Ruby calls out upon ending her attack, causing everyone else to close
their eyes as Ruby brings her hands to her face. "[Solar Flare]!"
A searing light blinds NeoCat as a number of [Runes] appear all around him and shoot a
barrage of orbs of [God Ki] that surround NeoCat as everyone else gets clear.
"[Hellzone Grenade]!" Weiss invokes, unleashing a series of explosions that engulf NeoCat.
As the smoke starts to clear, NeoCat dispels the rest with a swing of his arms to reveal his
body is greatly injured and only slowly healing.

"You annoying fools! I only need one of you still alive to take me to Remnant! If you keep
this up, I will make your deaths as horrible as possible!" NeoCat yells in his blinded state,
before he is suddenly restrained by a ring of [God Ki] enhanced by [Chaos Energy].
"Get away from my big sisters!" Alice cries out as she extends her fists while still being held
in one of Merlin's arms, who is extending her free hand to enhance Alice's [Galactic
Donut] with a combination of [Power Amplify] and [Chaos Energy].
"Good job, Alice." Merlin praises the girl before looking off to the side. "Jaune, now!"
Jaune comes flying in carrying some branches of the tree with Penny accompanying him,
with both throwing the branches around NeoCat before the 2 of them launch a few fire spells
to burn the leaves, releasing a large amount of colorful smoke around NeoCat.
NeoCat, who picks up the familiar scent due to his prior encounters with the Herbalist, laughs
at this.
"So this was your plan? Injure, blind, and restrain me long enough to take a page out of the
caterpillar's book? The leaves have no effect on me!" NeoCat mocks and intentionally takes a
large breath of the smoke to prove his point.
"You might be immune to the leaves, but Neo isn't." Jaune points out, causing NeoCat to
widen his eyes as he feels a massive surge of memories and emotions that don't belong to
him.
"Oh, these feelings! These emotions! I can't take it!" NeoCat cries. Normally, negative
emotions would fuel [Negative Chaos Energy, but the influx of both negative AND positive
emotions is causing an imbalance that throws off the Cat's control over the body.
"Rah!" NeoCat roars as a surge of light emanates from the face.
Everyone watches cautiously, before Neo emerges from the smoke, free of the Cat's control,
while the Cat remains imprisoned within the [Galactic Donut] , with the injuries being
transferred to his real body rather than remaining in Neo's, though they're slowly regenerating
anyways.
"It's over, Cat! Neo is free of you!" Jaune points out, but the Cat merely laughs.
"Seperating me from my host merely delayed the inevitable, Rusty. I'm still more than
enough to deal with all of you!" The Cat roars as he unleashes a massive surge of negative
energy that snaps the [Galactic Donut] and knocks everyone down.
Neo looks around before glancing at the Cat and the sight of him causes her to run away
immediately, refusing to be possessed by him again.
"You can't take all of us, Cat. Surrender." Ruby declares as all of them get back up and get
ready to continue fighting.
[Negative Chaos Energy] ominous flares around the Mad Cat as he chuckles.

"Oh Ruby, you couldn't have been more wrong if you tried. Do you know why I
chose this place for our bout? It's not just because the door to leaving the Ever After is
present here." The Cat reveals as he raises an arm directly above him, to the Crack in the Sky.
"It's because here I can now absorb the endless reservoir of negative energy!"
*CRAAAACK~*
Everyone looks up to see the crack widening before a pillar of darkness shoots downwards…
directing to the Mad Cat!
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" The Mad Cat's laughter echoes
throughout the Ever After, causing disasters to occur in all Acres simultaneously.
Everyone tries to shield themselves from intense wind currents and light as they slowly push
back from the pressure.
"Ah!" Alice slips and begins to be pushed towards the edge until someone grabs her.
"I got you!" Jaune says before he himself gets pushed back but is stopped short by Merlin.
"Thanks."
When the lightshow ends, they see the man with white hair that has a purple checkerboard
pattern, with a white top hat and suit that has the exact same pattern.
He opens his eyes to reveal them to be purple sclera with white pupils (AN: Think Aizen for
this one) and looks at his hands.
"Well… I'll be damned." Mad Cat says and smiles at the group. "Isn't today just FULL of
surprises? Hahaha!"
"What the hell!? He's human now!?" Saya yells in shock and disbelief.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk." He waggles his finger back and forth. "Please don't compare me to you
broken creatures. I am clearly more… refined."
"Oh great, now he speaks like my father." Weiss groaned.
"Don't let his looks deceive you. He's no human, and the nature of his power supports this. If
anything, he's more dangerous now than ever." Merlin warns them, getting an ominous
feeling at the change in the Mad Cat's appearance.
"Dangerous is right. For the last moments of your lives, you may refer to me as… the
Supreme Cat." The Supreme Cat exclaims.
"I've had enough of this!" Yang growls as she activates [Sun Dragon] to full power before
charging at the Cat.
"Wait, STOP!" Peter screams out but is too late.

"TAKE THIS!" Yang goes for a powerful haymaker, only for the Supreme Cat
to nonchalantly catch her fist in midair with his index finger!
"WHAT!?" Yang cries out in disbelief.
The Supreme Cat then blasts her with a point-blank beam of negative energy sending Yang
flying off the Great Tree.
"YANG!" Team RWB_ scream out as they watch their friend/sister/girlfriend fall into the
darkness below.
Blake sharply turns to Cat and glares daggers at him before sinking into the shadows.
"You'll pay!" Rei aims and fires her [Anti-Chaos Rounds] at the Cat while Saeko charges in
ready to slice his head off.
But the Cat… just scoffs.
"So uncivilized." He blinks and the world seemingly turns into a photo-negative version of
itself where everything and everyone are frozen like statues.
The Cat casually strolls towards the frozen bullets and grabs them mid-air. He then takes
Saeko and Rei and places them next to Saya before raising his hand and firing another beam
of [Negative Chaos Energy] which also freezes upon firing. He then takes the bullets and
throws them at Merlin and Penny's direction where they also freeze the moment they are
thrown.
"Now to watch my handiwork unfold~" The Supreme Cat snaps his fingers.
*Whooosh!*
"GAAAAAH!/AAAAH!"
Weiss, Ruby, Jaune, Peter, and Alice can only blink in confusion as Merlin and Penny are
suddenly on the ground with bullet wounds across their bodies while Saya, Rei, and Saeko
are nowhere in sight… except for their shoes.
"H-How?!" Ruby stammers, trying to ponder what had just happened.
Suddenly, numerous enraged copies of Blake emerge from the various shadows shooting
through the air, all of them aiming at attacking the Cat at all angles with shadow-enhanced
strikes from her weapon.
However, just as the first copies get inches away from the Cat, time suddenly stops again.
"Such cheap tricks won't work on me, my dear kittens~" The Cat mocks before taking a
page out of Weiss' book and forming a multitude of tiny spheres around each copy of Blake
and firing 3 separate beams of [Negative Chaos Energy] at Ruby, Weiss, and Jaune that
freeze mid-air.

"And so time resumes once more." The Cat notes as time resumes before each copy of
Blake is destroyed with mini-explosions and the real Blake is blasted through the chest, with
Ruby, Weiss, and Jaune following the same fate.
"No!" Peter cries in horror as each of his companions fall dead on the floor.
Suddenly, a barrier forms around the Cat, courtesy of Merlin and Penny.
"No where left to run, freak!" Merlin huffs as she and Penny are burning the last of their
lifeforce to seal him.
But the Cat simply grabs the barrier and tears it apart like paper, horrifying the two magic
casters.
"I'm sorry, was that important?" The Cat then disappears in a blue light that swallows both
Merlin and Penny, leaving nothing but scorch marks where they were.
"O-Onee-chan…?!" Alice stammers in fear, with Zeke shivering behind her.
The Cat walks towards them before Peter steps in front of Alice, undeterred by the monster in
front of him. "Oh, the naive and foolish little rabbit trying to play the hero. Is that your
role now?"
"As Sir Asmodeus taught me, we make our own purposes. And I refuse to let a monster like
you murder another innocent girl!" Peter states, though this only causes the Cat to laugh.
"On that, we agree. But what makes you think you can stop me?" The Cat retorts.
"I don't need to, Sir Asmodeus will save us!" Peter answers.
"Yeah! Angel-nii-san will save us! My Papa always said angels look out for and protect the
innocent!" Alice adds, believing her "Guardian Angel" will stop the Cat.
"How innocent. How stupid." The Cat gagged. "By now, Azule is likely being turned
inside out as we speak." He gives a blank, bored stare. "I tire of this exchange. It's time
for you to join the other humans in OBLIVION!"
However, unbeknownst to the Cat, the statue of the very person they were discussing had
cracks forming all over it, until it suddenly bursts in a flash of light.
"WHAT!?" The Cat screams as he covers his eyes with Alice and Peter doing the same.
Zeke winces as he shuts his eyes tightly.
A figure of light descends down and gently lands on the ground. The light fades to reveal a
young man with black hair that just passes the nape of his neck with a face that many would
call "otherworldly handsome" with a silver monkey tail that wiggles behind him. His attire
consists of black pants, black jeans with a x-crossed belt around his waist, black fingerless
gloves, combat boots, a loose black shirt, and long-dark business type jacket with a dragon
symbol on both sleeves.

He opens his eyes to reveal brilliant platinum orbs staring at them.
Asmodeus POV
Racial Evolution successful!
[Omniversal Chimera] has evolved to [Omniversal Transcendent]!
[Omniversal Transcendent]
The ultimate Transcendent; a truly impossible existence. A being of unmatched
potential and possibilities who transcends all races and has the potential to acquire all
abilities, any racial benefits with none of the weaknesses, and can possibly transcend all
limitations and become the greatest being of all time.
The following titles have evolved:
[Master of Death] has evolved into [God of Life & Death]!
[Judge] has evolved into [Grand Judge]!
[Dark Emissary] has evolved into [Overlord]!
Notice: Title [Demon Lord] will attempt to evolve…
Failed!
[Demon Lord] will merge with Race Trait [Majin]
Success!
[Demon Lord] and [Majin] have merged to evolve into [True Demon God]!
[Bane of Dragons] and [Dragon's Sin of Wrath] will merge with [True Dragon God
Transformation]
Success!
Title has evolved into [Omniversal Dragon God]!
[Hero of Three Worlds] and [Chaos Bringer] have merged to evolve into [Chosen One]!
[Celestial Engineer] and [Power of Destruction] have merged to evolve into [God of
Creation & Destruction]!
[God of Life & Death]
The deity who reigns supreme over the concepts of Life, Death, and Rebirth on an
Universal Scale. Grants absolute control over life & death at the user's discretion and
all related abilities.

[Overlord]
The ruler of darkness who reigns over it and all who fall under it, along with wielding
its true power.
Makes it easier to learn high-end magic spells.
Increases all base stats by 1000 and boosts skills and magic by 500%.
[Omniversal Dragon God]
A Conceptual Entity of mythological reverence among the dragon race throughout all
dimensions, whether they are drakes, Wyverns, Dragonoids, Heavenly Dragons, or even
other Dragon Gods. A deity who stands supreme over all draconic beings of the past,
present, and future of the omniverse. A creature that was born before the appearance of
the concept called "Dragon". It is said that its true body is larger than the observable
universe, is invincible, has limitless power, can devour time and space, can bend reality
with its presence alone, and its roar alone can cause the Big Bang a millions times over
in microseconds. It is said that Ea was forged from one of its nails in the universe's
infancy.
Grants [Omniversal Dragon Transformation]
[Grand Judge]
An individual who is the worst enemy of any who opposes them.
Increases stats by 100x against those perceived as evil or an enemy.
[True Demon God]
The divine deity who reigns supreme over all demonic beings. A mythical being that
only exists in religious texts, you are a master of the dark-divine forces that govern the
cosmos as a being that can choose to either help reflect the cosmic balance to maintain
order or a being of pure malice set out to corrupt/destroy. A powerful, often chaotic
deity that embodies all the evils in the universe - a [Prime Evil] - with access to all
demon-related abilities of the past, present, and future, along with the ability to create
more based on desire. They are beyond human comprehension.
Grants the title [Prime Evil].
Grants [True Demon God Transformation].
[Prime Evil]
The absolute pinnacle of all demons. A power utterly fearsome as no demon could ever
hope to overcome or even equal, the highest rank among the hosts of Hell and even the
potential to rule the entire universe, single-handedly with unchallengeable authority, or
to even go as far as to having one's own creation, equal to the already existing one.

[Chosen One]
A figure of omniversal significance who commands great authority and respect of
anyone regardless of moral alignment. Grants improved judgment, heightened success
against opponents and increased likelihood of beneficial opportunities, the ability to
overcome any challenge or adversity and accomplish any goal/desire, the ability to
change or decide the fates/destinies of others, and a 60% increased chance of max
affection for any female the user rescues.
[God of Creation & Destruction]
The Deity who reigns supreme over the concepts of Creation & Destruction. Allows the
user to create and destroy in any way they desire, regardless of its nature or how
impossible it may be.
You gain 88 AFF from #$*%# (Eternal Soulmate)
You gain 88 REP from #$*%# (Absolute Faith)
The following traits/perks have evolved:
[Silver Rinne-Sharingan] has evolved into [Eyes of the Supreme Being]!
[Chaos Mode] has evolved into [Super Chaos Mode]!
[Gambler's Charm] has evolved into [Golden Rule]!
[Radar] has evolved into [Mind's Eye]!
[True Dragon God Transformation] has evolved into [Omniversal Dragon God
Transformation]!
[Legendary Super Saiyan Mutation] has evolved into [True Saiyan God
Transformation]!
[Regenerator] and [Dragon Core] have merged to evolve into [Gamer's Core]!
[Eyes of the Supreme Being]
Allows the user access to all ocular-related abilities and techniques throughout the
multiverse, along with access to abilities that no other individual with ocular powers
possesses. Allows the user to see and notice things no one else can, regardless of its
nature.
[Super Chaos Mode]
A state that induces a Super Form-like state without the reliance of the Chaos
Emeralds. Grants near-invulnerability to most attacks, and allows the user to do
anything they wish and mastery in all Chaos-related abilities and the ability to create
more at the user's discretion.

Raises all stats to infinity.
Skill [Chaos Control (Limited)] has been promoted to [Chaos Control].
[Golden Rule]
The supposed lover of Lady Luck herself. Not only are games of chance impossible to
lose and the results desired are always achieved, but the greatest treasures and high-end
items are easier to obtain.
[Mind's Eye]
Allows the user to detect anything regardless of its nature over any distance, be it
enemies, hidden traps, hidden treasures, etc. Also allows the user to detect all potential
danger before it can happen.
[Omniversal Dragon Transformation]
Allows the user to transform into the Omniversal (Omni) Dragon God. The user can
manifest in a restrained form of the transformation, allowing them to exist in a
dimension without the risk of obliterating it.
Any Draconic beings weaker than you will be subservient to you.
Grants dominion over all elements, all forms of power, all concepts, along with access to
the abilities of all draconic beings (Restrained).
Increases damage against enemies with dragon attributes by 500% (Restrained).
Imbues all attacks with God Slayer attributes and increases all stats by
65,000,000,000,000 (Restrained).
[True Saiyan God Transformation]
The deity who reigns supreme over all Saiyans, with infinite potential and adaptive
capabilities that are unparalleled and defies all logic and common sense, along with an
inexhaustible reserve of [God Ki]. Grants access to all Saiyan forms with each being x20
times stronger compared to its counterparts among regular Saiyans or even a
Legendary Super Saiyan.
Causes [Saiyan Tail] to permanently remain in its UI state.
[True Demon God Transformation]
Allows the user to transform into the True Demon God, one of the ultimate forms of
existence.
Grants access to all forms of demonic power.
All females with demon blood will be instinctively attracted to you.

All males with demonic blood will instinctively subservient to you.
Raises all stats by 60,000,000,000,000.
[Gamer's Core]
A metaphysical and poly-adaptive core that stimulates passive and continuous
regeneration of HP, SP, MP, and AP every second. Allows for higher stat growth per
level up, Omnilingualism, an immunity to all forms of power
disruption/suppression/negation, improved effectiveness of all perks and skills, and
improved adaptability.
The following skills have evolved:
[Observe] has evolved into [Appraisal]!
[Movement Mastery] has evolved into [True Movement Mastery]!
[Blade Mastery] has evolved into [Weapon Mastery]!
[Martial Arts Mastery] has evolved into [True Martial Arts Mastery]!
[Marksmanship] has evolved into [Divine Marksmanship]!
[Energy Manipulation] has evolved to [Energy Lordship]!
[Psionic Manipulation] has evolved to [Absolute Psionic]!
Notice: The following skills have merged.
[Spatial Rend] , [Roar of Time] and [Instant Transmission] have merged and evolved
into [Space-Time Domination]!
[Dragon Pulse] , [Draco Meteor] , [Dragon Dance] , and [Dragon Breath] have merged
into [Dragon Arts]!
[Appraisal LVL. MAX]
Allows the user to analyze any target and get a full understanding of it regardless of the
user's level to a greater extent than [Observe]. This includes levels, stats, backgrounds,
strengths & weaknesses, thoughts on the user, affection & reputation, unique skills &
abilities, descriptions & potential applications of items, etc.
[True Movement Mastery LVL. MAX]
Not only grants the user knowledge on how to move and think simultaneously, but also
allows for superhuman movement and enhanced flexibility and reaction times that go
beyond the norm, along with better adapting to unusual settings and situations. Reduces
stamina consumption by 90%.

[Weapon Mastery LVL. MAX]
Grants the user an intuitive understanding and mastery of all fighting styles related to
any and all weapons. Increases damage done with weapons by 75%.
[True Martial Arts Mastery LVL. MAX]!
The user is a true master of all martial arts from all possible versions of past, present,
and even the future. Not only does the user possess an intuitive understanding and
mastery of all school of martial arts across time and space that allows them to flawlessly
perform any technique, but the user can freely modify, improve, and combine different
techniques as they see fit, as well as invent new techniques and even entire styles/school
with ease. Also allows the user to naturally adapt their martial prowess to utilize as any
situation may require.
[Divine Marksmanship LVL. MAX]
Not only grants the user an intuitive understanding and mastery of all long-range
weapons, but also allows the user to freely combine skills or magic or other abilities
with said weapons for devastating effects. Greatly improves accuracy to the point that
any ammunition is virtually guaranteed to hit, no matter the circumstances.
[Space-Time Domination LVL. 1/100]
It allows the user absolute control over the space-time continuum, the fabrics of reality
& existence itself in which all and everything exists, allows instant movement to
anywhere with a mere thought and grants a heightened awareness and sensitivity to the
flow and manipulation of time.
Cost 50,000 SP to use
[Energy Lordship LVL. 1/100]
The power to possess absolute dominion over any and all forms of energy, as well as
manipulate all things related to energy and all their aspects, including spells/formulas,
energy artifacts and energetic entities.
Cost 80,000 SP to use
[Absolute Psionic LVL. 1/100]
The power to possess all psionic power at a maximum and limitless level, tapping into
absolute, pure psionic might, and achieving an unimaginable level of psychic power,
capabilities, and precision that surpasses any and all other psionics by an outstanding
margin. They can achieve vast psionic effects such as manipulating matter and energy
on any level they desire, communicate with anyone at any time, anywhere, affect reality
with their mind and manifest any desired effect of psychic powers.
Cost 80,000 SP to use

[Dragon Arts LVL. 1/100]
The special arts used by those attuned to pure draconic power and can utilize it for all
manner of effects at the user's discretion.
Cost 28,755 SP to cast
Deals 665,877 WISx2 Damage (x20 against dragons)
New Titles acquired:
[God of Chaos]
[God of Games]
[God of Chaos]
The Omniversal deity who reigns supreme over the concept of Chaos and all things
derived from it, including all powers stemming from it, such as all variants of the
[Chaos Force]. Can freely access and manipulate all variants of the [Chaos Force] at
will without side effects or consequences. Grants access to all abilities connected to the
concept of Chaos.
All beings connected to the concept of Chaos will instinctively recognize you as someone
superior.
[God of Games]
A title won from the Celestial Toymaker. Grants the user an intuitive understanding
and mastery of all games, along with improved growth through challenges. When in
conjunction with the gamer system, the title augments the functions of the system and
increases likelihood of desirable opportunities.
New Perks Unlocked:
[Gamer's Spirit]
[Gamer's Intuition]
[Lust Authority: Asmodeus]
[Beastmaster]
[True Demon God Transformation]
[Gamer's Spirit]
A secret 3rd Core Perk of the system of [The Gamer] that can only be acquired by [Han
Jihan's Heir]. Provides ironclad protection for the user's soul from any adverse effects
and greatly improves the adaptive capabilities of [The Gamer, making it easier to

acquire skills and Perks from certain situations or per the user's desires. It also
strengthens the effects of [Gamer's Body] and [Gamer's Body] to even higher and
virtually absolute levels, along with granting the user absolute and sole autonomy over
the system, blocking all outside influences. Also grants the user a form of immutability
that protects from any adverse effects stemming from Reality Manipulation or SpaceTime Manipulation or Causality Manipulation.
[Gamer's Intuition]
A secret 4th Core Perk of the system of [The Gamer] that can only be acquired by [Han
Jihan's Heir]. Greatly improves the user's decision-making, judgment, and analytical
capabilities in accomplishing goals, fulfilling dreams and desires, and making the best
possible decisions in any scenario, along with granting a form of clairvoyance that
grants the user access to greater meta-knowledge.
[Lust Authority: Asmodeus]
Named after the Demon King of Lust. It amplifies all perks related to appearance,
harems, sex, females, etc to the ultimate level. Even the strongest female deities are not
immune to you, with any female you perceive as attractive being more likely and easily
to gain max affection from. Your very existence causes ripples in reality and space-time
that shifts any relationships or romantic feelings that the most beautiful females in the
multiverse might have had for other males and vice versa. Also makes any female with
max affection for the user desperate for the user to ogle, grope/spank, and fuck them as
often as possible, along with frequently heightening arousal and libidos to skyrocketing
levels.
[Beastmaster]
You can tame, command and call forth every beast, demon, and monsters to overwhelm
prey and crush your enemies.
All the tamed beasts and monsters stats go up by x9000.
[Demon God Transformation]
Allows the user to transform into the True Demon God.
Grants access to all forms of demonic power.
All females with demon blood will be instinctively attracted to you.
All males with demonic blood will instinctively subservient to you.
Raises all stats by 60,000,000,000,000.
All skills and perks/traits already acquired by the old form have been re-acquired.
New Skills unlocked:

[Spiritual Attack Nullification]
[Holy-Demonic Attack Resistance]
[Holy-Demonic Inversion]
[Abnormal Condition Nullification]
[Natural Effects Nullification]
[Shapeshift]
[Dragon God Haki]
[Imaginary Space]
[Mystic Arts]
[Racial Transmutation]
[The Goal of All Life is Death]
[Summon: Baron of Hell]
[Summon: Hell Knight]
[Summon: Revenants]
[Summon: Agaddon Hunter]
[Summon: Shumbeel, The Howling Terror]
Notice: Multiple summon skills of the same archetype detected. Recommend merge for
optimal use.
Success!
Skill [Summon: Pandemonium] created.
[Mystic Arts LVL. 1/100]
Allows for seamless mixing of magic and Ki with martial arts and weapon styles for
increased versatile effects. It allows you to bypass the defenses of any being who might
be invulnerable to either physical or magical (or spiritual) attacks but not the other,
making it far more devastating as a result.
[Racial Transmutation LVL. 1/100]
Like the demons of Burning Legion your blood carries the energy of various races. It
can corrupt, affect, and mutate people and animals that you give your blood to, turning
them into either monster, beastmen or demon based on their racial aptitude. Those

who're corrupted by your blood will submit to you, in women's case they will desire
you.
Your CHA increases up by 20,000 when commanding or influencing the people (mainly
on the women) and creatures corrupted by your demonic energies. The corruption gives
the individuals enhanced strength, durability, speed, incredible healing abilities, more
magical potential, and can lead to transformation into a demon.
[Spiritual Attack Nullification LVL. MAX]
Completely negates effects (mind control, mind reading, etc.) and damage on the mind
and Spiritual body.
[Natural Effects Nullification LVL. MAX]
Completely negates effects of the primary elements (fire, water, earth, wind) and and
their derived effects like temperature, electricity, acid, etc.
[Holy-Demon Attack Nullification LVL. MAX]
Completely negates effects of both demonic and holy-based attacks.
[Holy-Demonic Inversion LVL. MAX]
Allows the user to swap between the holy and demonic alignments on himself, allies or
enemies in order to cover or induce the weaknesses of one or the other.
[Abnormal Condition Nullification LVL. MAX]
Completely negates the effects of ailments such as corrosion, poison, paralysis,
petrification, etc.
[Shapeshifter LVL. 1/10]
Allows the user to alter their bodily properties and disguise their appearance however
they desire. Enemies with appraisal-based abilities will have difficulty analyzing you
due to your body not being "the real one".
Cost 10,000 MP to use.
[Dragon God Haki LVL. 1/100]
A type of Haki exclusive to Dragon Gods. It allows the user to imbue their aura into
various magical and physical properties (both in living beings or items) as well as assert
their will over others to dominate them, causing those of inferior spirit to be intimidated
or (if much weaker) inflict them with potentially lethal effects and that'll cause actual
physical damage. When used to its fullest, it allows the user's aura to shred anything it
comes into contact with, including souls.
Cost 20,000 ~ 200,000 to use

[Imaginary Space LVL. 1/100]
Grants access to Imaginary Space, also known as the Imaginary Number Space or
Minus Space, an alternative space that directly mirrors normal space and exists parallel
to our own. It is an unobservable territory, undetectable by the current laws of physics.
It has also been called the Realm of the Dead. Only those whose souls are aligned with
this realm or have devices designed with the specific purpose of perceiving and traveling
the alternative world.
It grants user access as well as manipulate Imaginary Space. Everything and anything
that is sent in is not affected by the passage of time and capable of isolating harmful
targets from the rest and converting them into energy.
[The Goal of All Life is Death LVL. 1/100]
Once activated, it lets the user become a true lord of death, a life-consuming Eclipse. It
strengthens the instant death effect of magic and skills to the point of bypassing any
immunity or resistance and killing their targets after a certain amount of time has
passed. It's not possible to resist death spells enhanced by this special skill unless one
uses a resurrection effect on themselves within 12 seconds.
Cost 500,000 SP to use
[Summon: Pandemonium LVL. 1/100]
Allows the user to summon an army of monsters and demons from across the
multiverse at the user's discretion to fight any enemies.
Cost 300,000 MP to cast
[Damn… say what you will, the wait was WORTH IT!]
I open my eyes and the first beings I see are Alice and Peter, plus another humanoid creature
who irradiates massive quantities of [Negative Chaos Energy].
Name: Supreme Cat
Title: Avatar of Insanity, Role Breaker, Traitor of the Ever After, Lord of Chaos
Affiliation: n/a
Alignment: Chaotic Evil
Race: Afteran (Corrupted)
Level: 1417
HP: Infinite
MP: Infinite

SP: Infinite
AP: Infinite
Background: Originally known as the Curious Cat, they were created by the God of
Light to take their original role in finding broken hearts of others and ascend them,
tasked as a guide to the Ever After in order to follow this purpose. The Cat was very
curious and asked questions about whatever they can. They at first exhibited a very
mysterious, enigmatic and mischievous personality, and they took delight in speaking in
various riddles and rhymes to confuse friend and foe alike. However, this curiosity was
apparently a fault in their nature that they're "cursed" with: they're driven to
insatiably to seek new knowledge infinitely, and they couldn't stand not being able to
find new answers. This curse, along with their inability to fix their own heart's
mounting wariness via Ascension and trauma over their former companion Alyx's
betrayal, twisted them into an extremely manipulative, bitter, and sadistic being with a
strong disdain for humans, who became obsessed with escaping the Ever After to find
out why their makers abandoned them. When Crack appeared over the Ever After,
[Negative Chaos Energy] was absorbed into their body, but didn't know what to do or
how to use it until he met Asmodeus and Team RWBY, transforming them into the Mad
Cat, then took it a step further and absorbed the energy directly from its source,
transcending further into the Supreme Cat.
Strength: The Curious Cat knows the Ever After inside and out. They know the
"shortcuts" that allow them to traverse the acres effortlessly. His role as the Caretaker
allows him to see into people's hearts and works to guide those who require it.
Weakness: His own curiosity is a double-edge sword, he is forever bound to seek new
knowledge and cannot consciously avert it. He is also unable to fix his own fractured
heart, resulting in him becoming an oxymoron who can fulfill his role but cannot at the
same time. Upon discarding his role and becoming the Mad Cat, he lost the ability to
heal and alter the fate of others.
Personal thoughts: How is he back!? Did that stupid raccoon lose!? And just when I
was about to have fun with these little morsels… now I have to deal with another pest.
Reputation: 0
Affection: -100 (Hates you to the bone)
Unique Skill: Ascension Immunity, Possession, Unquenchable Curiosity, Super Negative
Chaos Mode
Ultimate Skill: Heartstrings
[Ascension Immunity]
Grants immunity to being affected by the leaves of the Great Tree, preventing
[Ascension]. However, should the Cat possess a host, this skill is negated.

[Possession]
The ability to possess and take over the bodies of another being, though they could only
do so when the intended victim is sufficiently broken down and void of purpose.
[Unquenchable Curiosity]
Grants the user an endless and ever-adapting thirst for knowledge, urging the user to
consider the possibilities and keep moving forward with the aim of gaining knowledge
to answering questions, solving problems, or dealing with different situations and
individuals.
[Super Negative Chaos Mode]
The negative version of [Super Chaos Mode] with all of the benefits. However, because
it uses [Negative Chaos Energy] as its source, it causes the user's mind to deteriorate,
resulting in intense mood swings and amplifies the user's negative traits.
[Heartstrings]
An ultimate skill owned by the Supreme Cat. It allows him to see and control the hearts
of the targets. It gives him instant understanding of their being on sight; both strengths
and weaknesses - either physical or emotional - and use them to empower himself. If the
target's heart is too broken or empty, the user can even possess or control them like
puppets.
[He has achieved the equivalent of a Super Form and gained a humanoid form. This
would be a hard fight if you hadn't {Ascended} beforehand]
"This must be Curious Cat or 'Mad Cat' as you described. He must have been exposed to
higher quantities of [Negative Chaos Energy] to result in mutation." Delta analyzes.
"Hm, interesting. So, you have [Ascended] after all." The Supreme Cat purrs with intrigue,
which betrays his current thoughts. "Tell me, are you Azule or Asmodeus?"
I stare at the Cat blankly before saying the following.
"Technically I'm both, but also something new. But for simplicity's sake, I'll stick to
Asmodeus." I answered, which was the truth. Azule was a permanent and intrinsic part of me
now, but just as Piccolo kept his name and personality even after fusing with both Nail and
Kami, the same extended to me, though I wasn't opposed to being referred to as Azule.
"... heh. Hehehehehe." The Supreme Cat lets out a chuckle before it evolves into a mad
cackle. "Hahahahaha!"
"Well! Dear Asmodeus, it was nice to see you again." The Cat raises his arm and charges
negative energy. "Now goodbye."
He fires a massive beam of [Negative Chaos Energy] that swallows [The Gamer] whole in
darkness.

"NII-SAN!/SIR ASMODEUS!"
The Cat laughs in victory.
*Bzz*
"!?" The Cat blinks and sees dear Asmodeus still standing there, unharmed.
"Wait, didn't I blast you to nothing?" The Supreme Cat asks before shrugging. "Oh well,
second time's the charm~"
He charges another blast and fires another beam at him.
"NII-SAN!/SIR ASMODEUS!"
The Cat laughs in victory.
*Bzz*
"Huh!?" The Cat blinks as he finds himself in the same position a few seconds ago. "What
is going on!? I blasted you to oblivion! I remember doing it TWICE!"
"..." I don't respond, which sets the Supreme Cat over the edge.
"ANSWER ME, YOU BASTARD!" The Supreme Cat raises his other arms and fires a
volley of energy blasts at him, resulting in an explosion.
*Bzz*
Only for the Cat to find himself back at the beginning.
"WHAT IS THIS!? WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!?" The hysterical Supreme Cat demands
only to finally notice something standing behind Asmodeus. A humanoid creature that was
both divine and demonic in appearance, radiating an otherworldly presence. "Wh… what is
that?"
"This… is Requiem." I said.
The Supreme Cat didn't know how to respond before he felt a presence behind him, and as
soon as he turns he is kicked in the face by a black boot.
"Rose Kick!" Ruby proclaims before sending a fury of lightning-enhanced kicks at the Cat's
face before finishing it with one last kick that caves his face and sends her back, landing
neatly in front of everyone.
The Cat holds up his healing face as he is dumbstruck by sudden reappearance of the humans
he had recently disposed of. "How!? I disposed of you all!"
"Because I made it possible, Cat." I say, drawing everyone's attention as I smirked. "From
now on, your chances of victory have been reduced to zero."

"AZULE!" Ruby rushes in a rose-petal blur and tackles her big brother, trapping him in a
tight hug.
I pat the little reaper's head. "I'm back, sis." I said before suddenly getting wrapped into
another hug.
"Azule… gods, I was so worried." Yang says in relief.
"Hold on a sec." Jaune steps in, his tone cautious. "Azule, are you still… you?"
Everyone stares at my direction and even Ruby looks at me, eyes pleading for a positive
answer before I finally speak.
"I may have gone through some changes, but I'm still the same person you remember. You
guys can still call me Azule or Asmodeus; whatever's easy for you." I replied with a shrug.
The answer seems to have pacified the group and I could feel Ruby's grip on my torso
tightening around it.
"Um, Azule-san? What is that?" Rei points to Delta hovering next to me.
"Greetings everyone, I am Delta. I am the AI partner of Asmodeus or Azule Rose." Delta
greets, surprising everyone.
Ruby steps back and looks at Delta with sparkling eyes. "That's so coooooolllll! A real-life
Artificial Intelligence!"
"A real AI…" Even Saya was awestruck.
"Sensational! It is a pleasure to meet a fellow artificial being!" Penny says, which catches the
attention of Merlin and the high school girls.
"Wait, are you saying you're a robot!?" Rei exclaims.
"She WAS a robot, but was given a human body when her old one was compromised." Weiss
clarifies.
"... HOW!?" Saya demanded.
"Oh well, what happened was-" "A-HEM!" But before Blake can explain she is stopped short
by Merlin.
"Let's focus on the problem at hand right now, yes?" Merlin gestures to the Supreme Cat
glaring at them.
"I was kind enough to let you all have that little conversation, but now your time is
up!" He explodes with [Negative Chaos Energy]. "I will enjoy killing you all again!"
"I doubt that." I said and beckoned him.

"What are you doing!? UGH!" Suddenly, a large orb of darkness rises out of the Supreme
Cat's chest and floats towards me, causing him to instantly revert back to the Mad Cat. "What
have you DONE TO ME!?"
"Here guys. This should give you the edge you need." I purify the orb before splintering it
into 12 smaller orbs that instantly fly towards everyone and merge with them.
Immediately, their auras flare with unchecked power, their eyes glow as electricity dances
across their bodies.
They've entered [Chaos Mode].
"They are powerful. Their energy levels exceed any power source humanity has created."
Delta said.
"Wow! I feel amazing!" Saya gleefully exclaims as power literally pours off her fingertips
like water.
"Mm~" Rei and Saeko manage to suppress a moan as power travels down their spines.
Jaune looks at his hand, it's glowing a radiant yellow, completely different from how
his [Semblance] works.
Merlin smiles, not feeling the total euphoria because of her innate [Chaos Energy] but can
still feel the effect it had on her reserves.
"Um, not that we don't appreciate it, but are you sure about this, Azule?" A concerned Ruby
asks.
"Definitely. Besides, I bet you want some payback after the Cat killed you all." I respond,
causing everyone to whip their heads in my direction.
"Wait, he KILLED all of us?! How?!" Saya exclaimed in shock. She was pretty sure she and
the others would remember if they were dead.
"It's true." Everyone turns to a distraught Alice. "He…He killed all of you, Saya-nee-chan."
"But… How are we back?" A confused Blake asks what's on everyone's minds.
That's when I summoned [Payback Over Requiem] , shocking everyone.
"HOLY SHIT, YOU'RE A JOJO!" Saya screams out before getting smacked in the head.
"OW!"
"Language." Saeko scolded.
"This is called a [Stand]. Mine gives me many abilities, in this particular case, reducing
someone's actions down to zero." I explained.
"Holy shit, you're Giorno." Saya says before getting smacked again by Saeko. "Quit it!"

Penny frowns at the fact she has died a third time.
"Well, I know what I'm gonna do with my new powers." Yang cracks her knuckles, her power
bursts combining her [Semblance] with [Chaos Mode].
Weiss gets into a battle stance, her [Myrtenaster] poised forward. "For once, I'll do things
your way, Yang."
The rest of Team RWBY follows, their bodies bursting with even more power.
"Count us in too, Yang-san. I want to cut him to pieces." Saeko says in a cold and dark tone
as she, Rei, and Saya charged their power.
Penny rises from the ground as multiple blades manifest and form a circle behind her.
"You messed up BIG TIME, you annoying feline, and now you're gonna get what you
deserve." Merlin adds as she charges magic circles around her, equally angry and fed up with
the Cat.
Peter hops forward with Alice and Zeke close behind him as they both release their power.
"Alert. Motion detected 7 meters to your right." Delta states.
Suddenly, everyone hears the sounds of labored breathing as well as wet feet coming from
somewhere.
A purple claw suddenly rises and grabs onto the edge of the trunk before five other hands
sprout and do the same. The claws pull and a purple body rises and lands onto the Tree. It is
serpentine in appearance, its body completely composed of some kind of purple substance
with tribal marks decorating it. Its tail is long and spiky with crystals, and its head has no
eyes and a large maw with incredibly sharp teeth.
"Consume… pain…" It says, its voice broken and dual toned.
[Is that…?]
Name: J̷̧̏a̶̤̓ b̶͉́b̴̪̌ e̴͓̚ r̸̡͆ w̴̛͕ a̶̖̅ l̵̬̂ k̸͆͜e̸̩͒ r̶͈̽
Title: The Walker, The Searcher, The Chaos Vessel
Affiliation: Ever After (Former)
Alignment: Neutral Evil
Race: Afteran (Corrupted)
Level: 1300
HP: 1,432

MP: 0
SP: 289,121,000
AP: 0
Background: A unique Afteran created by the God of Darkness to take their original
role and "finish" what the Cat started. This signified that the Jabberwalker was created
specifically to be hostile to the Afterans and was made in order for them to have a way
to truly die and prevent Ascension, eventually becoming highly efficient and effective in
its role despite it displeasing one of its creators. It's the precursor and model for the
Creatures of Grimm. Despite existing to be hostile only to the Afterans, it will also
attack Humans and Faunus if they show hostile intentions towards it in return. They
are constantly searching for something or someone as it often travels from one acre to
the next whilst muttering aloud that it is searching.
Strengths: It is intelligent, capable of speaking in single-word present participles, nouns
and base verbs to actively narrate its actions, but its instincts are similar to those of an
animal, and was incredibly strong and fast.
Weakness: Since the Jabberwalker primarily targets Afterans, who for the most part
can't defend themselves against the creature, it does not excel in combat against
multiple opponents who are capable of fighting back. Its inability to control the
[Negative Chaos Energy] has resulted in its body endlessly decaying and regenerating,
putting it under constant pain. It's body constantly absorbs negative energy, causing its
senses and mind to deteriorate completely, leaving it in a constant state of hunger and
the urge to search for its "Father".
Personal thoughts: Consume… Cat… Consume… Father?...
ConsumecomsumeconsumeCONSUME!
Reputation: 25
Affection: 0
Unique skill: Gluttony, Ascension Breaker
Ultimate skill: None
[Gluttony]
An insatiable appetite to consume and absorb anything in sight.
[Ascension Breaker]
A role from the God of Darkness. It prevent Afterans from ascending by devouring
them whole, thus making it the only thing in the Ever After that can actually kill them.
'Is that the Jabberwalker? It looks more like a sick dog rather than a feared monster.' I
thought in a disturbed manner. 'Though I'm surprised that it even made it here at all.'

[Unlike the Cat, the Jabberwalker had only exhibited a limited form of willpower,
which isn't ideal for {Chaos Energy}. All that power and with nowhere to go is causing
it to undergo a severe mutation that is slowly killing it. And with how it's affecting the
Ever After as a whole, it's not surprising that it managed to get here when it was
originally not able to]
"Pain… pain… consume." The Jabberwalker limps forward, its movements are sluggish
and it coughs out blood(?).
"Its life signs are barely readable." Delta informed.
"This is just sad." Peter says, pitying the boogeyman of this world.
"No kidding. I can't help but feel bad for it." Yang agreed. Despite nearly dying at the hands
of the Jabberwalker, its mutated appearance and the fact that it was obviously in a constant
state of incredible agony drew pity even from her and her teammates.
"This is what [Negative Chaos Energy] will do to a host after long periods of time. It will
mutate your body while eating away at your mind and soul before you eventually become
either a corpse or a monster." I explain before turning to the Cat. "Do you see now, Cat? Do
you understand the price for attaining such a power? In time, you will end up exactly as the
Jabberwalker here: sick, dying, and forgotten."
The Mad Cat stares at the group of humans and could feel the absurd pressure seemingly
crushing him. In his current state, he stands no chance against their combined power.
*Thud!*
The Mad Cat glances at the collapsed Jabberwalker, its chest rising and falling in a slow
uneven pattern.
So bloated, so full of energy. So… delicious.
The Mad Cat licks his lips.
"Maybe so, Asmodeus, but like all humans..." He proclaims with a sharp grin. "… you fail to
see the bigger PICTURE!"
Before we can react, the Mad Cat quickly leaps forward and proceeds to devour the
Jabberwalker. It screams as the Cat proceeds to rip it apart and consume the [Negative Chaos
Energy] it has like a vampire.
Everyone is shocked and disgusted by the grisly sight. Rei, Weiss, Ruby, Blake, Penny, and
Saya try to fight back the rising nausea while Merlin and Jaune quickly cover Alice's eyes
and ears. Yang, Saeko, Peter, and even Zeke are taking it better than their friends, but are
equally horrified and disgusted by the sight.
A dismembered claw twitches before it gets stomped on by a familiar leg. The Mad Cat lets
out a bestial growl as its body is surrounded by a black miasma before he suddenly starts

swell and grow, its limbs shifting and contorting as it grows bigger and bigger, its shadow
quicking eclipsing the entire Tree.
Staring down at the Ever After is a dragon with a monochromatic checker-patterned body,
large beady wings, two sets of curved horns and antlers, a set of three whiskers of both
cheeks, a serpent-like tongue, and spikes running down its back.
Name: Níðhögg
Title: Abomination of the Ever After, Devourer of the World Tree
Affiliation: Ever After (Former)
Alignment: Chaotic Evil
Race: Afteran (Corrupted)
Level: ?
HP: ?
MP: ?
SP: ?
AP: ?
Background: The result of the Mad Cat consuming the Jabberwalker, becoming a
mindless engine of Chaos and destruction.
Strengths: It can consume entire worlds to sustain itself, can regenerate from all
wounds instantly, and is endlessly powered by [Negative Chaos Energy].
Weakness: It has no memories or intelligence from its derivatives; a wild Beast
Personal thoughts: None
Reputation: ?
Affection: ?
Unique skill: Immortal, Super Negative Chaos Mode
Ultimate skill: Obliteration Incarnate
[Immortal]
A skill that makes the user unable to die by any means.
[Obliteration Incarnate]

A representation of the Cat's wish for destruction of the Ever After. Like matter coming
into contact with antimatter, Níðhögg's existence is the antithesis of the world and will
stop at nothing to destroy it.
"̵͈̠̈́ͅȐ̸̻̒̽ R̵̡̥̿̇ R̴̢̻̅͐ R̴̫̠̊̋ Ă̵͎͇ A̸͕̠͝͝A̷͖͍̓͑͝Ā̵̯͙̯ Ạ̴̡̞̉̑ Ǎ̴͎͌ A̴̩͔̳͑͑ Ḁ̵̳̉̃A̷̲̱̘̔ Ḁ̶̔̒͝A̸̱̘͂̚ A̷̛̺̭̽̇ A̵̟̼̯̔ Ǎ̴̬̮̪͌ G̵̮̒ H̵̜̩̄́͘ !̵͓̀"̴̛̦̙͑ͅ The new dragon roars, its voice powerful enough to
destroy the surrounding Acres.
[Oh that's not good]
"This… could be trouble." Delta said.
"Another DRAGON?! It was bad enough that 'Pyrrha' turned Penny into one, but now we
have to deal with an even BIGGER ONE!" Weiss cried out in surprise at the situation.
"The Ever After certainly doesn't need another dragon." Penny says in agreement.
"The energy it is exuding is the theoretical equivalent of at least 4 Chaos Emeralds. I cannot
measure or calculate its current power output. It may be immeasurable." Delta says with rare
uncertainty in his voice.
"What's the plan, Azule?!" Yang asks her brother, causing everyone to look at me
expectantly.
"We work together. All of us." I said, which causes some arched eyebrows.
"Are you crazy!? Look at the size of that thing! How the hell are we supposed to fight it let
alone hurt it!?" Saya angrily demands. She had calculated a couple of scenarios in her head,
but no matter what they do, that monster will always come out on top.
Merlin, though, looks at my serene expression and smiles. "You already have something in
mind, do you?"
I nod. "I do. But I'll need time to finish the incantation."
"So you want us to be bait?" A skeptic Rei asks.
"Yeah." I admit without hesitation. "Your current state should give you the extra boost you
need to fight it."
Saya, Rei, Yang, and Blake glare at me while Saeko steps forward.
"How much time do you need?" She asks.
"20 seconds, tops. After that, we're going blind." I replied.
Saeko and Merlin nod. The others look unsure but they quickly relent as they realize they're
out of options.
"We got this. All of us." Ruby looks to her friends and they all nod.

"Let's go show this bastard what we're made of!" Jaune says and he and the girls fly straight
for the dragon.
Rei quickly follows suit, Saeko glances at Saya sneaking out of sight before getting grabbed
by the collar.
"I DON'T WANNA GO!" But Saya's cries fall on deaf ears as the two fly towards the battle.
Merlin turns to me. "Remember. 20 seconds is all we can give." She then takes flight.
"While it was wise to maintain positive morale, I do not see the reasoning behind sending
your friends to their deaths." Delta chimes in.
"They're not gonna die, and I do have a plan." I glance at Alice, Peter, and Zeke who are the
only ones who stayed behind. "Stick close to me. It's gonna get surreal from here."
The three did as they were told and walked closer to me. Neo slowly and silently trods
towards me, though I can still sense her presence clearly as day even if she uses
her [Overactive Imagination].
"What are you doing?" Delta is the only one who verbally wonders what my next move is.
I close my eyes and start to focus. Everyone quickly senses the change in the world instantly,
as if the Ever After itself was looking at me.
"I am the Shadow of my Blade"
The second that phrase came out of his mouth, his body had an autonomous reaction. His
bones creaked, his heart beating faster as blood furiously pumped through his arteries.
"Chaos is my Body, Void is my Blood"
The dragon tries to shred Jaune with its massive talons but he barrels rolls out of the way.
Rei fires her Anti-Chaos bullets at Níðhögg, only to be shocked and horrified when the bullet
holes instantly close.
Alice, Zeke, Neo and Peter can only stare as his [Aura] becomes more visible, growing
brighter by the second until it was near blinding.
"I walked in the darkness to aid the light"
Blake and Saeko unleash a flurry of slashes all over the dragon's body, but it has no effect
before the dragon opens its mouth and fires a large energy beam at point-blank.
When it fades, they are unharmed, protected by a green dome.
A green [Rune] fades as Weiss sighs in relief.

Weiss conjures another [Rune] that enhances Ruby and Saya before unleashing a barrage of
Ki-enhanced attacks at the dragon but they only serve to annoy the monstrosity.
The dragon tries to grab them but in a flash its arms are cut cleanly off and roars in pain.
The three girls look to see Jaune with his sword glowing with chaotic-divine power.
"Returned from the end, to renew my self"
His words garnered resonance, and were spoken out of his own volition.
For His Will is mightier than the World's.
"Have obtained a form to reach greater heights"
Yang joins Jaune in using their respective [Semblances] to strike all over the dragon's body
together in coordination with each other, but it quickly proves futile as Níðhögg regenerates.
Merlin and Penny empower everyone before they are collectively attacked simultaneously.
"Yet, a Remnant is all I will be"
I open my eyes and they grow brightly with absolute [Authority].
"My Grand Journey… is Unlimited Blade Works!"
Everything goes white.
A soft wind blows past Ruby as she stares in shock at what's in front of them. She remembers
fighting the giant dragon the Mad Cat turned into after devouring the weakened
Jabberwalker. None of their attacks seemed to have a lasting effect as every time it was
injured it would instantly heal.
Now she, the rest of her team, Jaune, Penny, Merlin, Saya, Saeko, and Rei are standing on a
seemingly endless fields of flowing green glass and white roses that seemed to be almost
glowing, a beautiful starry night sky, colossal rusted gears impaled the earth with growing
vegetation in the background, and weapons of various shapes and forms in pristine condition
with an allure that enticed others to use them.
To those who witness it, the only thing they would think is serenity; something straight out of
a fairy tale.
"What happened to the Ever After? Where are we?" Jaune asked in confusion.
"I don't know, but I will admit it is beautiful." Blake says, mesmerized by the surreal world.
"... like a fairy tale."
"Something tells me this was Azule's plan all along." Weiss said.

"I'd said that's a logical assumption, Weiss." Merlin remarks, taking in the sights around her.
"But still… for a spell of such magnitude to exist is simply… mind-boggling."
She can feel the magic here, breathe it, taste it. The magical density almost reminded her of
Belialuin but much more denser. Not even the Demon King and the Supreme Goddess in
their prime could pull off something like this.
'A miracle.' That was the best way to describe this world, a world that only someone
impossible could hope to birth from nothing.
The more Azule surprised her, the more she wanted to see what else he's capable of. And the
more enamored it made her.
Azule made her feel something she never felt for anyone else before, or at least nowhere near
as strongly. Not even Meliodas.
Why was that? He hadn't known him that long and yet the idea of being apart from him
would kill her.
How very strange…
Ruby and Yang stare in awe as white rose petals dance around them before hers and Yang's
eyes widen as they hear a voice in the wind, one they haven't heard in a long time.
"I love you just the way you are."
"Mom…" Ruby murmured, her eyes beginning to water as she felt the familial love of
Summer Rose all around her, if she were here with them.
She is then wrapped in a loving embrace by Yang, tears rolling down her face from the same
emotional overload Ruby has and she happily reciprocates.
Jaune walks around the meadow but freezes when he sees something he never thought he'd
see again: [Miló and Akoúo̱ ].
"I know this can be frustrating, and it can feel like so much effort to progress such a small
amount. But, I want you to know I am proud of you. I never met someone so determined to
better themselves. You've grown so much since we started training, and I know this is just the
beginning. Jaune, I…I…I want you to know I'm just happy to be a part of your life. I'll always
be here for you, Jaune."
"Pyrrha…" The memory of his partner causes Jaune to fall to his knees as tears roll down his
face.
"Even with everything we have experienced since arriving at the Ever After, I never imagined
we would see something like this." Saeko notes in interest, having never seen such beauty of
nature back on Earth prior to them appearing, which was understandable given the
urbanization of modern society.

"Yeah, it feels like something you would only see in a dream." Rei says while captivated by
the site around them.
"It feels like something from a medieval fantasy anime, given that Azule has used stuff I
recognize from anime. But I won't deny it is beautiful." Saya notes in a combination of
exasperation yet genuine appreciation.
Alice, Peter, Delta and Zeke look on with visible awe and excitement.
"Fasinating…" Delta said.
"This doesn't look like the Ever After, but it looks like somewhere my fellow White Rabbits
would enjoy." Peter says in an impressed tone.
"I wish Papa was here, this looks like something he would have loved to see." Alice said in
awe, with Zeke barking in agreement.
Neo, meanwhile, quickly runs away while everyone is distracted.
"... this turned out better than I imagined." I comment with a prideful smile on my face.
["Turned out better"? More like EPIC! We have an actual freaking Reality Marble!
This is incredible!]
*ROAR!*
Everyone is suddenly broken out of their revelry at the sound of a sudden but familiar roar,
and they see Níðhögg again, flying towards them.
"Come on guys! We can do this! Azule can do this!" Ruby says with renewed conviction,
which was shared by the others.
"Ruby's right! Whatever this is, our big bro has a plan to stop this thing, and we need to help
as much as we can so he can finish it off!" Yang adds in support, drawing nods of agreement.
The Reality Marble's wonders had reignited their resolve, and it was resonating with
the [Chaos Energy] flowing within them, further amplified by the power [Chaos
Mode] provided them.
"I think I have an idea to weaken it enough for Azule to finish it off." Merlin says, drawing
their attention. "Penny and I will use a chaos-infused [Power Amplify] to strengthen the
effects of Weiss and Jaune's [Semblances] to strengthen all of our collective power, and then
we strike with a combined Kamehameha wave."
This drew nods of agreement as Weiss prepared her [Runes] and Jaune had
used [Sentinel] together while Penny and Merlin poured a combination of [Power
Amplify] and [Chaos Energy] in a shared location before their collective effects extended to
everyone, making everyone even stronger.

"All right! Together, everyone!" Ruby says as everyone brought their hands together to
charge the technique Azule taught all of them.
As Níðhögg tries to attack them, it is suddenly intercepted by a flock of copies of the Crystal
Dragons that Penny once was.
"How is this possible?" Penny asked, with her being the most surprised at the sudden
appearance of the crystal dragons, but their attention was shifted to one that had Neo riding
on top of it.
This surprised all of them even further, but Neo simply looked at them and pointed at the
dragon before pointing to herself and then to all of them.
They picked up the non-verbal message: she would hold off Níðhögg long enough for them
to attack.
"Come on guys! Together!" Yang reminds them as they get back in position and begin
charging up the technique.
"Ka…me…ha…me…!" They collectively yelled as they each pooled their [God
Ki] and [Chaos Energy] into their hands to launch several simultaneous attacks that would
merge together to form one large Super Kamehameha that would rapidly travel to the
distracted Níðhögg.
Neo senses the growing energy surge and quickly calls back her pets to fly far away from
Níðhögg. The Devourer of Worlds senses the rising energy and quickly begins to gather
every single drop of [Negative Chaos Energy] it can call upon, with the spikes of its back
seemingly glowing brighter the longer it charges up.
[Hot damn! Their combined Power Levels are insane! All of that training has paid off.
*Sniff* I'm so proud!]
'Yeah. But even this much power won't be enough to kill it. It's time I step in.' I thought as I
began my own preparations.
"HA!" Everyone fires a combined Chaos Kamehameha just as Níðhögg fires its own energy
attack, resulting in a dead lock as the two attacks seem to be evenly matched.
However at the last moment, the enchantments I gave the girls soon activated, igniting
their [Auras] as their powers skyrocketed to unknown heights. As a result, the group quickly
gains the upper hand, pushing Níðhögg's attack back before it collapses and swallows the
monster completely, roaring in pain as its body is slowly being torn apart at a cellular level.
When the light subsides, we see Níðhögg sprawled on the ground, most of its body has
melted, exposing the pristine bones underneath.
… and it's already regenerating. Slowly, but it's definitely healing.
[This thing really is immortal. I hope Salem isn't as stubborn as this thing]

"Mm." Black ethereal flames surround me before quickly growing at an incredible pace,
elevating me towards the heavens before they take shape and stabilize.
It was the [Complete Susano'o] though it now features tiny white star-like spots all over its
solid black body, giving it the appearance of a starry night sky. Its shoulders are broad and
heavily armored, with two large shoulder guards on both sides. Its face is locked in a
permanent scowl as its eye sockets glow with [Chaos Energy], it keeps its tengu-like nose
but now has two angular horns protruding upwards where its ears should be and has a grilllike mask for a mouth.
Overall, it is an extremely intimidating sight, and the power it gives off would kill any lesser
being just by being near it!
"Holy shit! It's the [Susano'o] from Naruto!" Saya screams out upon seeing the ethereal titan,
both in shock and awe.
"You know, I never brought this up before, but I never took you for the otaku type, Saya.
Especially given how much you expressed annoyance at Kohta for being a gun otaku." Rei
notes with a sweatdrop, even though she was amazed like everyone else at the sight.
"S-Shut up! It's not like I watch anime or anything! Naruto's a well known piece of media!"
Saya stammers, her face flustered with embarrassment.
"Well, whatever it is, it's clearly Azule's way of ending things." Saeko notes in interest upon
noticing the weapon on its right arm, continuously being surprised and amazed at what her
benefactor was capable of, and the fact that this technique apparently shared the same name
as the Japanese God of Storms only further caught her interest.
The titan's head turns to their direction and the mortals' flinch before the god's gaze.
"All of you, get away from me immediately." My voice carries weight and power. "Merlin.
Raise as many protection spells as you can and pump them with all the energy you can
muster."
"What are you planning?" A curious Merlin asks, her attitude and demeanor betraying her
growing lust at what her impossible specimen was going to surprise her with this time.
That's when she felt the mana in this world shift, becoming concentrated.
The weapons on the ground begin to dissolve and the golden particles begin to fly towards
and converge on the Susano'o's right hand.
Merlin's eyes widen as she puts the pieces together and turns to the others.
"We need to go, now!" Merlin says and takes flight, with everyone following suit.
"What's he doing?" Rei asks the arc-mage as they fly at top speeds.
"He's coalescing all the power of this world into a weapon." Merlin responds. "That kind of
power isn't something any mortal can produce. It is capable of destroying entire universes."

She continues. "That may be why Azule dragged that monster here. He wants to kill it in a
world where the rules are in his favor."
"Wait then, what about us!? We'll still be caught in the blast!" Yang yells, trying to deny the
idea that her big brother had brought them here just to die in an accident.
"No. Azule has a plan. And I know you have a role in it, Merlin." Ruby states.
The group lands on an empty field, the world glowing gold as it answers its wielder's call.
*Fwoosh!* *Fwoosh!*
Three crystal dragons descend and land on a circle around them.
Everyone watches Neo jump off her dragon and march towards the group.
"What do you want?" A wary Jaune asks.
Just then, Roman Torchwick appears beside Neo, surprising most of the group.
"Torchwick?" Ruby says in surprise.
"Hey, Red. Been a while." Neo-Roman says while giving a mock bow. "Now, as much as Neo
and I would love to exchange pleasantries, let's get to the point. We hate you, and you hate
us. However, we're willing to let go of the past and work together to beat that crazy dragoncat thing."
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend." Saeko quotes and Neo nods.
"Yeah, I don't buy it." Yang glares at the mute midget. "You've been a pain in the ass in Vale,
you've hunted Ruby down like a crazed stalker, and finally you helped Cinder destroy TWO
Kingdoms." Her eyes glow a menacing red as her hair ignites into an inferno. "So, explain to
me WHY we'd help you after EVERYTHING you put us through?"
"Because you want to stop that thing as much as we do. It's an evil abomination who will
only use, eat or kill us all." Neo-Roman replies. "Besides, Neo and I didn't want to destroy
Vale, that was all Cinder. And it was YOU ALL who caused the fall of Atlas in the first
place." He continues. "The only reason Neo worked for that bitch at all is just so that she
could lead us to Red, and take our sweet vengeance."
This broke the camel's back.
"I didn't kill Torchwick, a Grimm did! I would never kill anyone, especially Torchwick if I
knew he meant that much to you!" An exasperated Ruby yells, catching everyone off guard.
"Besides, YOU'RE the idiot for actually falling to Cinder's whims not once, but TWICE!
Because you clearly didn't learn your lesson the last time you worked with her!"
Neo narrows her eyes at the red brat while Roman lets out a disgruntled growl.
"Now listen here-" Neo-Roman was about to say something but Ruby didn't let him.

"No, no, no, no, no! You don't get a final say here!" Ruby snaps back. "You're a moron, Neo.
An absolute moron who clearly can't think for herself! Did you really think I could kill
Roman Torchwick while I was hanging off the edge of Ironhood's ship!? There were
HUNDREDS of Grimm everywhere and Torchwick was like a meal ticket for them! Not to
mention those Grimm were under Salem's control, SALEM! Do you know what that means,
you pint-sized bitch!? You've been working for Roman's KILLER this entire time!"
Everyone falls silent as Ruby heavily exhales from the verbal bombardment she just
delivered.
"Well shit… the rose really has thorns after all." Saya comments while Saeko covers Alice's
ears.
Neo bites her lower lip at Red's words and just how true they were. She hated that fire-bitch
with a passion, yet she willingly let herself get dragged along into her lunacy again like some
brain-dead fool. Looking back, she really didn't believe that the brat could kill Roman; she
was too much of the stereotypical hero: beat up the bad guys and then lock them up.
And what did all of efforts get her? Loss and emptiness. She never got her revenge on
Cinder or Red, lost her mind to a crazy talking racoon for losing a game, and then finally
became a meat suit for a juiced-up crazy cat.
Neo grits her teeth as angry tears roll down her face. It hurts. All she wants is her Dum-Dum
back. It's not fair!
"Wow, she's actually crying." A surprised Yang comments.
"I think Ruby's words hit their mark." Jaune adds.
Suddenly the world around them quakes as the mana density magnifies.
"He's starting…" Merlin says. "Torchwick, yes? Are those Crystal Dragons as durable as the
original?"
"Oh yeah. When Neo and I first saw that Grimm Invincible Girl and her dragon, she made
sure that ours was even stronger for when we fought Red and her dorky friends." Neo-Roman
replies.
"Good. Have them huddle around us to make a makeshift dome." Merlin says which makes
the duo confused.
The Crystal Dragons walk forward and pile on each other, creating a dome of crystals out of
their bodies.
"What are you doing?" Jaune asks as Merlin conjures thousands of magic circles.
"I'm doing exactly what Azule told me to do." Merlin releases her magic and the dragons are
covered layers upon layers of protection magic.

At the same time, the golden particles transform into a massive arrow on
the [Susano'o]'s hand before it raises its left to form an equally large black bow.
"I Am the One who Walks in Eternity."
The titan lines itself up perpendicular to the target. It takes the arrow and attaches it to the
string.
I pull the string back and watch Níðhögg slowly rise up.
"And yet– All Chapters must Come to a Close."
[Ultimate Skill activated]
"[Story's End]!" I let go and the arrow flies at lightspeeds, leaving a trail of light so bright
that it eclipses the stars in the sky.
Níðhögg only has a nanosecond to react before the arrow runs through its mouth before
detonating in an explosion that swallows all of [Unlimited Blade Works] in an instant.
I close my eyes as the [Complete Susano'o] is engulfed by the explosion… only to open
them to find myself back in the Tree on the Ever After.
Ultimate Skill: Story's End has rendered Skill: Unlimited Blade Works unavailable.
Beginning restoration sequence.
Time: 100 hours
'Looks like my skill was so powerful it disabled my Reality Marble just at the right moment
and ejected us.' I surmise I turn to see the others regain their bearings and notice our
surroundings too.
"Whoa, we're back and we're okay?!" Rei says in amazement as they all take a look at each
other and realize they are all okay.
Just then, everyone hears loud noises and quickly locks eyes on a piece of flesh writhing on
the floor before a paw bursts out from it and the Curious Cat leaps out just as the flesh
dissolves to nothing.
The Cat weakly limps forwards before a shoe slams in front of him causing him to jolt and
looks up to see everyone glaring down on him.
"Welcome back, Curious Cat. Did you enjoy your 'freedom'?" I gently ask, but anyone can
see that my words were anything but gentle.
"Oh no. You're not getting away from us, you little bastard!" Saya growls as the Cat cowers
in fear.
"M-Mercy…" The Cat begged.

"Do you remember my words? I told you that 'Curiosity killed the Cat' was a warning, and
you didn't heed that warning. Just as you didn't heed Augur all those years ago." I said.
The Cat glares at me. "So what? Do you expect me to grovel before you? To mend my ways?
Because if that's the case, then the Tree has made you an even bigger fool than I imagined."
"The only fool around here is you, you stupid Cat!" Alice says, with Zeke barking in
agreement.
[Damn, who knew sweet and innocent little Alice had a sassy side?]
"You got that right, Alice!" Yang says with a smirk and ruffling Alice's hair before glaring at
the Cat.
"Cowards, all of you! None of you have the guts to kill me!" The Cat raged.
"You're right about one thing. We are not gonna kill you." The Cat feels a chill running across
his body when he sees that dark smile. "They will."
Suddenly a claw grabs the Cat and is horrified by the group of mutated Jabberwalker clones
surrounding him.
"No, no, no!" The Cat's begging falls on deaf ears as the monsters all pounce on him.
"NOOOOOO!"
Team RWBY, Jaune, Penny, Peter, Merlin, Alice, Rei, Saya, Saeko, and Zeke watch in horror
as the Jabberwalkers painfully maul the Curious Cat, its screams resonating with the branches
to make them become louder than they should.
I stare stoically as the Jabberwalkers rip his little body apart and devour them. The Cat's
head, somehow still alive, stares at me with pleading eyes, silently begging for help, before it
is crushed by Jabberwalker's massive maw.
You have defeated the Curious Cat! You have gained 121,871,091 EXP! You have
earned 250,323,000 Credits!
Level Up(x409)!
[And so ends the Brothers' legacy in the Ever After. Much more graphic than their
canon ending, wouldn't you say?]
Everyone quickly turns to Neo, her desperation mixed with exhaustion as she falls from
overusing her [Semblance].
"So we meet face to face at last, Neo." My voice draws Neo's attention as she looks at me,
with the others staring at me as well. "I've heard quite a bit about you from my sisters, and I
managed to piece additional stuff together based on what they told me." Her mismatched
eyes widened at the reveal. "While I despise anyone who tries to hurt my family, I'm willing
to extend an olive branch as thanks… if you promise not to hurt them again."

Neo blinks at the offer.
"Wait, you're just gonna let her go, Azule?" Yang asks in surprise.
"Not really." I said before turning back to Neo. "Even IF Ruby, somehow, had a part in
Torchwick's death, killing her won't bring you closure or bring him back." I kneel to meet her
in the eyes. "What you need is healing, not revenge. So-" But I'm stopped by a finger in
between my lips.
"Thanks, but I already know what to do." A cute but unfamiliar voice echoes in my mind as I
watch Neo get up and walk towards the edge of the trunk-like platform.
"What is she planning?" A curious Delta asks as I stand up.
Neo watches the multi-colored leaves on the branches descend to the deepest part of the Tree.
"So, that's it then?" Neo-Roman's voice cuts the silence like a sharp knife.
Neo turns around to Neo-Roman with a sad look on her face. She places her hand on
Torchwick's face.
He sadly smiles as he begins to dissipate. "Yeah, I know. I'm not real."
"Neo…?" Ruby steps forward, concerned for the woman.
Suddenly, Neo twirls around and points [Hush] at everyone before giving a bow and tipping
her hat. She places her hat back on her head before jumping off the edge, opening her parasol
to slow down her descent.
Everyone rushes to the edge and watches as Neo descends towards the darkness.
"Will she be alright?" Rei said.
Neo closes her eyes as she floats down deeper with the tree branches encasing her. They look
up to see the wooden statue of Neo protrudes on a tree branch with multi-colored leaves
resembling [Hush].
"She'll find herself. One way or another." I said.
"Asmodeus. Need I remind you of the other problem at hand?" Delta asks and I blink.
"Oh, right. Thanks for reminding me." I exclaim before a bright light envelops me and a
massive surge of power can be sensed emanating from me. When the light dies down,
everyone is surprised at what they see.
My hair was styled the same way it did whenever I went [Super Saiyan, but instead of
yellow or green or pink, my hair was multicolored and constantly shifting between several
colors simultaneously, like an aurora in physical form. My body was also enveloped in an
extremely potent aura of [Chaos Energy] that was also multicolored and shifting color like
my hair.

"…Wow, I know you said you were part Saiyan, but I never thought I would see a form like
this." Saya says in surprise.
"I'll say, the power emanating from you doesn't seem to have a bottom or upper limit. It's just
endless." Merlin says while shamelessly staring at me with heavy lust in her eyes as she licks
her lips in arousal. 'That's it, I'm definitely gonna seduce him, no matter what!'
"You are definitely full of surprises, Azule-san." Saeko adds, her expression and demeanor
being identical to Merlin's, though her face was also blushing.
"Thanks, but now it's time to get to work." I say as I crouch down, with one hand touching
the trunk while the other was extended towards the sky, directly towards the Crack.
'Time to see what [Super Chaos Mode] can do.' I thought before focusing. "Chaos
Control!"
The Tree releases a faint glow across the rest of the Ever After. Soon, that glow fades as it's
absorbed into the Tree itself, growing brighter until it has a multicolored glow.
"HA!" The Tree unleashes a beam of purified [Chaos Energy] directly into the Crack in the
Sky, canceling out its [Negative Chaos Energy] and causing it to retract until it completely
disappears.
All of the crystals in the Ever After turned grey before promptly collapsing under their own
weight, becoming piles of dust.
The Afterans stare at the empty husks that were the Chaos Monsters before they turn to dust
as well.
"Space/Time phenomena has been corrected. Chaos contamination down to 0%." Delta states
as I deactivate my transformation.
"It's over?! Oh, thank goodness!" Rei says as she brings Saya, Saeko, Alice, and Zeke into a
group hug.
"Hey, let go!" Saya complained, though there was no real annoyance or resistance from her or
the others, as they too were relieved that the fight was now over.
"You did it, Sir Asmodeus! Just as the Elder foretold, you saved the Ever After! Thank you!"
Peter happily cheered as he quickly approached and hugged my leg.
The Ever After is saved. However, the fact remains that nothing will be the same ever again.
The Curious Cat and the Jabberwalker are gone just like in canon, but also the multitude of
victims who got caught in this unintentional disaster; I doubt even the Blacksmith's power
can bring them back.
"No problem, Peter." I said with a chuckle. I then look to the others. "Are you guys alright?"
Rather than answering, Ruby and Yang rush in and pull me into a group hug, with Weiss,
Blake, Penny, and Jaune all joining in as well.

"We're so happy you're back!" Yang exclaims.
"We missed you!" Ruby adds before they all break away.
"Sorry I worried you, but I'm back." I gave them both head pads, with Ruby giggling while
Yang became flustered.
"Hey, stop it." Yang said.
"So, did you really beat the Jinxy Pledder?" Blake asks, curious about the god in disguise.
"Yeah. But only just." I replied.
Despite ultimately beating the Toymaker, the fact that it could have easily gone sideways if I
didn't successfully implement certain tactics or if the Toymaker had chosen different
Pokémon left a sour taste in the mouth.
[It was only by sheer luck that the Toymaker was severely underestimating us. If he
hadn't, we would not be speaking like this]
'He underestimated us and let himself be tricked like in his encounter with the 1st Doctor. And
all I did was vanish him from reality, though this might get their attention.' I morbidly state.
The Pantheon of Discord are concepts given life: Music, Play, Light, Traps, Doubt, Wishes,
Disaster, Submission… Death. They are [Transcendent] beings who exist across all of time
and space in some shape or form. Even the Doctor fears them.
He won't come back as per the agreement of the game. But there's a slim chance that
the others may show up.
Suddenly my train of thought grinds to a halt as something soft and large presses itself
against my back, followed by slender arms wrapping around my back.
"They're not the only ones happy you're back, Azule. After everything we've been through,
you're definitely someone special that I plan to stick with from now on." Merlin says in a
sultry voice before giving me a kiss on the lips, shocking everyone present.
"W-What are you doing?" Saya asks as her face turns crimson red at the sight of the arcmage's boldness.
"Why, thanking him of course. Although this is only the start." Merlin says while maintaining
eye contact with me, the hungry glint in her eyes giving away what she meant, before her
demeanor became somewhat more serious. "So what now, Azule?"
I look up at the door and everyone soon does the same. "I suppose… we go through the
door."
"Right, yeah." Jaune agrees, but he doesn't sound very sincere.
Saeko picks up on his hesitation. "Is something wrong, Jaune-san?"

"Hm? No, I'm fine. It's just, well…" Jaune seemed to hesitate for a moment. "I never thought
this day would come. I had almost given up on going back home."
"That makes sense. You've been here longer than all of us." Saeko nods.
"Yeah. And after living with the idea that the Tree needed sacrifices in order to get home, I
simply refused to go anywhere near it." Jaune admits before a hand grabs his shoulder.
"It's okay, Jaune. You can finally let it go." Weiss said.
Jaune takes a deep breath and lets it out. "You're right as always, Weiss."
"Not really. I even lost my way once or twice." Weiss admits.
Jaune chuckles. "Humbleness doesn't suit you at all." Then he gets punched in the arm by
Weiss. "Ow!"
"Shut it."
Everyone walks back to the center, but Ruby stops and looks back at Neo's wooden statue.
Yang sees this and turns to Ruby.
"Ruby? What's wrong?"
"I wish Little was here. I wanted to tell him 'thank you'." Ruby told her.
"Oh wow. I completely forgot about that little guy." Saya admits.
"We wouldn't have found each other if it wasn't for him." Weiss adds.
Blake looks at everyone with concern. "Do you think… we might have... made things even
worse in the Ever After? Just like Alyx did?"
I let out a tired sigh. "We did the best we could under these dire circumstances. Besides, we
can only do so much by ourselves so don't let it bother you too much."
A small smile forms on Blake's face. "I guess you're right."
"Wait!"
Everyone turns around to see a humanoid child-like mouse wearing an orange cape with a
hood and a leaf-shaped pattern running towards them. They pant after they stop running.
Weiss blinks. "Isn't that…"
Name: ?
Title: Little, Caretaker of the Ever After
Affiliation: Ever After

Alignment: Lawful Good
Race: Afteran
Level: 500
HP: 1,311,090
MP: 1,299,432
SP: 1,119,000
AP: 0
Background: The Ascended form of Little the Mouse. Having been killed by the Mad
Cat, the Great Tree granted his wish for a purpose as the Ever After's new Caretaker.
Although he may not remember his friendship with you all, the heart never forgets.
Strength: ? doesn't have much in the strength department, but he does have a clever
mind and is steadfast loyal to his friends.
Weakness: He is young and doesn't remember his time with Ruby or anybody, and is
still a bit naive on certain things.
Personal thoughts: I don't know why, but they all feel familiar to me…
Reputation: 0
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique skill: Caretaker
Ultimate skill: ?
[Caretaker]
A skill given to those chosen by the Tree to act as the caretakers in the Ever After.
Allows the user to sense when people lose their way or fulfill the purpose given to them
and seek them out before guiding them to the Tree to undergo [Ascension]. Also
improves the user's ability to adapt and solve problems.
"Little!?" Ruby and Alice gasp as they jump in happiness.
But "Little" just looks confused. "Do I know you?"
Ruby and Alice stop their happy hopping in realization.
"Oh! Uh, I don't believe we've met yet." Ruby kneels in front of him. "Please, what are you?"
"I'm…" He stops when he realizes he has no name. "Well, you know I haven't thought about
it yet. You look like you have wits about you. What do you think I am?"

Ruby blinks at the question and ponders on it. "Well, uh... To me, you seem like a friend."
"A guide." Blake said.
"A protector." Weiss said.
"A…/Adorable!" Yang begins but Alice interrupts her.
Weiss giggles.
"A curiosity." Merlin chimes in.
"A good person." Jaune says.
"An adventurous individual!" Penny chimes in.
"A leader." Saya says, even if she didn't completely believe it herself, but she could see a
spark in his eyes.
"A warrior." Saeko adds.
"A helper." Rei smiles.
"Bark!" Even Zeke joins in.
"A companion." I said.
[Isn't that the same as friend?]
"An oddity." Even Delta got in on the action.
"Do any of those sound close?" Ruby asks the Aferan.
The Afteran rubs his chin. "Hm. Somewhat." He then smiles. "Yeah. Somewhat. I'm not any
one thing, I'm somewhat of a lot of things!"
Ruby giggles. "It is a true pleasure to meet you, Somewhat."
Somewhat then bows. "It will be my honor to serve you."
"You've already done more for us than you realize." Ruby reassures him in amusement.
Somewhat stares at Ruby with an inquisitive expression. "Hm, you do feel familiar… like a
happy dream I can't remember."
Ruby's eyes began to water but managed to resist the urge to cry. "I'm so glad we got to meet
you, I'm sure you'll help lots of people. But now we have to say goodbye."
Ruby then proceeds to hug Somewhat, tears streaming down her face.
"It will be alright, Huntress." Somewhat says, much to Ruby's joy.

"Hey Somewhat." Jaune says, causing Somewhat to run towards him.
"I am at your service!" Somewhat gallantly proclaims, causing Jaune to chuckle.
"Come with me." Jaune says as he leads Somewhat to the entrance of the clearing, where
Juniper stayed during the fight to avoid getting caught in the crossfire at Jaune's insistence.
"Will you look after Juniper here? She means the world to me."
Jaune rubs his head against Juniper's, causing her to purr in affection.
"Juniper isn't coming with us, Jaune-nii-san?" Alice asks with a frown, saddened the large
Jackalope-creature wouldn't be joining them, having grown fond of Juniper.
"It's for the best, Alice. The Ever After is her home. We can't steal her from her home simply
because we want her to stay with us." Penny explains to the little girl, who looked even
sadder but ultimately understood, with even Zeke whining sadly at Juniper leaving them.
"I will never leave her side." Somewhat promised, with Juniper lifting Somewhat and placing
him on her back.
Somewhat salutes Jaune before he and Juniper walk away, heading into the woods.
"Um, what about me?" Everyone turns to the unsure Peter Rabbit.
I smile. "You're coming with us. You still want to find out what your purpose is, don't you?"
Peter blinks at the question, having forgotten his other goal for joining this quest. "You mean
it?"
"Yep. I made you a promise and I intend to keep it." I told him with a smile. "Besides, I doubt
the Tree is done with us yet, so there's a high chance we'll meet with her regardless."
[You're gonna take Peter with you to see the Blacksmith?]
'Yup. With the loss of both the Jabberwalker and the Cat, I have a feeling Peter will fill the
void the two left behind. Besides, there has to be a reason why Augur's prophecy specified
that Peter would not only join us as a guide, but also why he's one of my disciples.' I
reasoned.
We all reach the door's threshold, with Zeke sitting comfortably on top of Alice's head, and
Peter perched himself on my shoulder.
A hand enters my peripheral vision and I turn to see that it's Penny's hand. I grab the offered
hand and the 12 of us step on through the door, before quickly finding ourselves slowly
descending downwards until we land on "solid ground".
Just a short distance from where we stood is what looks like a blacksmith's workstation,
consisting of a table with carved wooden statues taking the appearance of certain Afterans,
two racks filled with weapons, and a large furnace behind the table.

And sitting behind the table is a fully-restored Blacksmith working on a new statue, all the
while sporting that knowing smile of hers.
I felt my eyebrow twitch in annoyance at seeing her. Despite her good intentions, I honestly
couldn't see myself trusting this goddess after that gamble she pulled, and she definitely
knows that.
The Blacksmith places the carving on the table before looking up. "Welcome to my
workshop. I've been waiting for you."
"Um Azule, is this…the Tree?" Blake asks in curiosity and confusion.
"More or less. Meet the Blacksmith, the avatar of the Great Tree and the Goddess who
created and manages the Ever After." I replied.
"Wow, a real goddess! And I never thought I would meet one made of metal!" Alice says in
wonder, with Zeke equally starstruck.
"I feel like I shouldn't be surprised after everything we've seen and been through, but meeting
a real-life goddess is just too much." Saya says in exasperation.
"I don't think any of us could have foreseen this scenario, at least not without dying first."
Saeko notes, though she was no less amazed.
"I have already met my fair share of demons and goddesses before arriving here but I never
met one such as you." Merlin states before crossing her arms under her chest. "But my
interest in you only goes so far, especially since you deliberately sabotage my magic without
warning."
"I apologize, but it had to be done." The Blacksmith assured her. "With my world in the state
it was, your powers would have caused more harm than good if left alone."
"Hm."
Delta floats towards the golem. "Greetings, I am Delta. It is a privilege to encounter a
friendly deity."
"And it is a privilege to meet you as well." The Blacksmith smiles. "Never have I
encountered a being of compartmentalized emotion such as yourself. It is quite interesting."
"Thank you for the compliment." Delta nods.
I take a step forward. "You're looking well, considering you were literal scrap metal last time
I saw you."
"Well, I did have some help." The Blacksmith mirth. "And you have come a long way since
you arrived, having unlocked your true potential."
"I suppose so, but this doesn't mean I trust you." I bluntly point out. "We would have solved
this problem sooner if you hadn't messed with our souls, and that's something I take great

offense to."
"Maybe so. But what your disciples needed was not power, but wisdom. The wisdom of
someone who has lived two lives, one who has experienced both the worst and best in life."
The Blacksmith says while gesturing to the Remnant natives, before gesturing to Merlin and
to Takashi's group. "And you would have been less likely to encounter these lost souls whose
worlds are on the brink of collapse"
[Her statement does have merit]
"You still put them all in danger." I throw back. "You could have helped them, but instead
you let them fend for themselves against foes that were just too much for them. If I hadn't
come, none of them would be here right now."
"Don't you think you're being a little hypocritical right now? Did you forget that giant arrow
which could have killed us in an instant?" Saya points out.
"I don't take unnecessary risks without some precautions, and Merlin's Chaos-infused magic
can likely tank the Big Bang." I counter before turning to Saya. "And also, how exactly am I
hypocritical? Unlike her, I didn't disable your powers or made you fend for yourselves. I
trained you to fight enemies no mortal could beat instead of letting you die, and I encourage
you to admit your faults. So I'm a little hurt that you would say that to me."
"..." Saya looks down, a bit ashamed.
"…Perhaps you are right. I should have trusted you more. You gave me part of your power to
combat the foreign corruption, and then gave your all to defeat the stray god I had sealed
away." The metal goddess bows her head to me. "And for that, I am truly sorry."
I sigh and scratch the back of my head. "It's okay. I understand where you come from, I
would be afraid too if someone with awesome power showed up on my doorstep. Especially
considering the Jinxy Peddler's true identity." I said. "Though I doubt you'll be able to pull
this off again, now that I have my new safeguards."
With my newly acquired [Gamer's Spirit] , I won't find myself in any corrupted/vulnerable
position ever again. It is now impossible for anyone to interfere with it, not even the highest
beings in the Multiverse can stop it.
It was now solely under MY control.
Peter jumps off my shoulder and onto the ground while looking at the Blacksmith in awe. "It
is an honor to make your acquaintance, O Great Mother. The Elder occasionally spoke of
your existence, but I never thought I would meet you without needing to [Ascend]."
The Blacksmith gives him a motherly smile. "And it is good to meet you as well, Peter
Rabbit. You have come a long way since meeting Azule, or Asmodeus as you know him as.
Just as Augur and I hoped you would."
"R-Really?" Peter stammers as the Blacksmith nods.

"He was an oracle, so he knew of the day you would embark on your journey." The
Blacksmith turns to a carving of a monkey wearing a robe, crown, and carrying a staff. "He
would be proud of the White Rabbit you have become."
Peter's eyes widen as they tear up at the implications. "T-Thank you, that means a lot."
Jaune steps forward, drawing the Blacksmith's attention.
"I've been waiting a long time for you." The Blacksmith states, causing Jaune to exhale in an
effort to calm his nerves.
"Well, I made it." Jaune said.
"I'm glad you did." The Blacksmith says with a smile.
"Can you…answer a question for me?" Jaune asks while picking up a wooden carving
resembling Juniper. "I need to know if it's true what the Cat said. About Lewis making it back
and Alyx…"
The Blacksmith closes her eyes before nodding and standing up. "Yes, only Lewis returned
home. [The Girl who fell through the world] is the story as he wished it had happened."
The Blacksmith walks around the table, and the Remnantians immediately recognize two
carvings resembling dragons.
"I don't believe it." Penny says in surprise as she points at the carvings.
"Are those…?" Weiss questioned.
"The Brothers!" Ruby says as her eyes widen in realization.
The Blacksmith promptly picked up the carvings in question. "Yes. These brothers were the
Tree's earliest blossoms and among the first to inhabit the Ever After, much like Augur.
Remarkable beings, very ambitious. I did not foresee what they would become. But that is the
joy of creating, the not knowing."
The Blacksmith walks around back to her chair.
"Back then, the Ever After was overgrown, wild and dangerous. The Brothers were made to
help tame it and build the world that was to come after. First, they were given the power to
destroy, to clear the wilderness away. Then, they were given creativity, to imagine what and
who could replace the wilderness. The Brothers built homes for them and gave them roles to
play." The Blacksmith explained.
"If this is what they were supposed to do, how did Remnant come about? Us?" Weiss asked
the Blacksmith.
"The Brothers grew curious, they wanted to do more. And so, using the skills and tools they
had been given, they began to design their own creations in utmost secrecy. Soon, they
realized their new creation could do their job for them. Finding the broken hearts of the Ever

After. After this success, they created another creature to finish what the Cat started. It came
out brutal and effective. One brother believed they had disrupted the balance, while the other
refused to condemn their creations for their mistakes. But balance is not two forces locked in
a never-ending battle. Balance is an ecosystem, an organism, a living breathing thing. Thus,
balance cannot be restored with force or calculation. True balance finds its own way around,
it only requires love and the patience to see things through to the end." The Blacksmith
explains to us.
'There is some truth to what she's saying, but things are rarely ever that simple.' I thought to
myself.
"So, how did they get to Remnant?" Yang questions out of curiosity.
"The Ever After could no longer bear the Brothers' experiments, and so I built them a
doorway to a greater beyond, where the Brothers could try creating worlds of their own. A
doorway that would remain open for the Brothers' return and any of their creations. And what
truly remarkable things they accomplished, whenever the Brothers' creations come to the
Ever After." The Blacksmith answered.
"All of you have had a greater impact than you know, just as Alyx and Lewis did before you,
and like others will after you." The Blacksmith continues as she manifests a carving of
Somewhat in her hand. "One small kindness in one small moment led to such a marvelous
transformation. Much like one act of dishonesty, or at least perceived dishonesty, caused an
unfortunate change."
"That's putting it mildly, especially since Augur tried to warn the Cat to exercise some
restraint, as it was the Cat's lack of patience and self-control that led him to assume Alyx
broke her promise and him subsequently murdering her in cold blood." I noted.
"A terrible thing to have a broken heart, and there was nobody to send them back to the Tree
for repair." The Blacksmith sadly states as she picks up the carving of the Curious Cat with a
visible crack running down its torso.
"What will happen to Neo?" Ruby asks.
"She will be given the chance to mend her broken heart and become something new. Such is
balance." The Blacksmith replied while twirling a knife in her hand.
"That's Alyx's knife! Wait, how do you have this?!" Jaune exclaims in surprise.
"When Alyx's life ended, she chose to leave a part of herself behind, a wish to fix what she
had broken." The Blacksmith says while handing Jaune the knife. His body immediately
began to glow a turquoise light, and when the light had dissipated, Jaune had reverted to his
appearance prior to arriving in the Ever After, his youth restored though with a small patch of
white on his hair.
"Wow, Jaune-nii-san looks much younger now!" Alice says in amazement, with the other
members of her group being no less amazed, as Jaune now looked only a couple years older
than them rather than an adult, his hair still has a bit of white in it.

Jaune stares at his hands before touching his younger and clean shaven face in amazement.
"I-I can't believe it! It's been so…wait, is this what I sounded like?"
Jaune's question makes Weiss laugh while everyone else either giggles or snorts in
amusement.
"What's with your hair? Did you glue bananas on your head or something!?" Saya bursts into
laughter.
[Holy shit, she's right! His hair does look like bananas!]
"Yeah, yeah. Laugh it up guys." Jaune groans before he feels something grab his shoulder.
"Well congrats, Jaune. Not many get to regain their youth for free; some even kill for it." I
mirth before looking down at Peter and then back to the Blacksmith. "Now that the
pleasantries are out of the way, it's time you explained just what exactly is Peter's purpose."
The question immediately causes everyone's attention to shift back to us as Peter looks at the
Blacksmith, who stares back in amusement before turning to me.
"Originally, the Curious Cat and the Jabberwalker were sufficient in replacing the Brothers'
responsibilities in the Ever After. However, when the 'God of Games' first arrived in the Ever
After, I realized that something was coming and I could do nothing to stop it, and this came
true when the Cat's role turned on itself, becoming an all consuming curse." Though
Blacksmith's appearance is fixed, everyone can hear just how tired she was. "In my hubris, I
tried to satiate the Cat's growing appetite but all of my efforts were in vain. Alyx had opened
their eyes to a greater world and the stray god's presence amplified it, leading him to rebel in
order to have that freedom." She continues. "It was then I realized that I realized that what
was required was a being who could choose freely without the limitations of a role." Her
attention shifted back to Peter. "I wanted them to have the only thing the Brothers lacked: a
mentor to nurture and guide them, to follow the path they desired of their choosing." A light
smile appears. "And so I entrusted this new being to one of my first creations, the only one I
still had a close bond to."
"Elder Augur…" Peter whispered.
"Yes, little one. The eldest of the White Rabbits watched over and raised you. He watched
patiently as the time of prophecy drew close, his body wearing thin as time caught up with
him. That is until the eventual arrival of an enigmatic being from the other side of creation,
one of limitless potential and the one who would take Augur's place and continue your
journey as you became more familiar with the world and witnessed both its beauty and its
flaws." The metal goddess explained.
"So that's why you wanted me to take Peter as one of my disciples." The goddess turns to me.
"You wanted him to learn life from an outsider's perspective, of someone who struggled to
make their way in life without a purpose. It was all to mold him into someone that could
operate outside the rules you placed in this world, someone that could choose who they
wanted to be."

It was almost brilliant. She created a system that would ensure he would have a purpose
without the inherent flaws that came with it. The God of Light can create life but was
inflexible to change, the God of Darkness can destroy everything but was childish and had a
volatile temper. The creations they left behind were also flawed, with the Curious Cat's
impulsive and obsessive desire to know everything and the Jabberwalker being unable to tell
between those who are ready to be erased and those who aren't, occasionally leading to
premature erasures.
"Yes, that is correct, and you have done an amazing job." The Blacksmith says in a grateful
tone.
"I… I'm The Successor...?" Peter murmurs before being gently picked off the floor.
"Yes, my child. [The Successor of Balance]. One who can operate and adapt as he chooses.
One that can protect and guide the Afterans as well as protect the Ever After from outside
threats."
Suddenly Peter is engulfed in a bright light and everyone instinctively covers their eyes.
As the light show ended, standing in front of us was no longer an adorable little rabbit, but a
tall anthropomorphic rabbit man. He wears a brown tunic with bronze armor and multiple red
straps on top, a sleeveless coat, a red scarf, a bronze gauntlet and armband for his right arm, a
brown glove on his left hand, brown pants and black shoes.
"Peter?" Ruby calls out as the rabbit man stares at his new form.
"Yes Ruby?" Peter replied back, his voice being somewhat deeper than before, akin to a
young man in his 20s. "I'm fine, I'm just getting used to these changes."
"I think your new look suits you. Definitely shows you are ready to embrace your role as The
Successor." I complimented, causing Peter to shift his attention towards me.
Name: Successor
Title: Peter Rabbit, The Successor of Balance, Guardian of the Ever After
Affiliation: Ever After
Alignment: Neutral Good
Race: Afteran
Level: 1300
HP: 267,954,082
MP: 298,846,057
SP: 282,081,275

AP: 268,169,037
Background: The Ascended form of Peter Rabbit. He was chosen a long time ago by the
Blacksmith to be the new protector of the Ever After, however, she did not want a
repeat of the Curious Cat and the Jabberwalker, so Peter was given more freedom than
his predecessors by not giving him a role.
Strength: He keeps all of his memories prior to Ascending, meaning that he keeps all of
the skills he's gained during Asmodeus' training.
Weakness: He is very anxious of his new role and afraid of messing up.
Personal thoughts: Eeep! Sir Asmodeus complimented me! Okay Peter, keep it cool,
keep it cool.
Reputation: 100
Affection: 100
Unique skill: Guardian, Super Polymath
Ultimate skill: None
[Guardian]
A skill specialized for someone with something to protect, whether friends, loved ones,
or locations.
Drastically improves judgment and increases the user's stats a hundredfold when facing
a dangerous foe.
[Super Polymath]
Drastically improves the user's talent and potential in any field the user desires, such as
magic, martial arts, science, engineering, etc, being geared to solve problems, overcome
challenges, and help the user achieve their full potential.
"Thank you, Sir Asmodeus. Not just for saving the Ever After, but for everything you've done
and taught me. I will cherish my experiences with you and the others forever." Peter bows
which made me fidget a little.
"C'mon, I didn't do that much." I said sheepishly, causing everyone around me to chuckle at
the exchange.
The Blacksmith summons a portal, resembling the ones made by Ambrosius.
Ruby turns to the Blacksmith. "Where will this take us?"
The Blacksmith walks towards the portal. "Not where, when you are needed most."

Blake understands what she means. "You mean-"
"Home." Weiss said.
The Remnant denizens slowly walk towards the portal before noticing something off. They
all turn to see Azule still standing in his spot along with Rei, Saya, Saeko, Alice, and Merlin.
"Aren't you guys coming?" Yang asks and they all look at each other.
"Well…" I began. "I still need to go to my Remnant and find my sisters, as well as bring down
Leonardo and put my teammates to rest."
"I want to see other worlds and Azule is my ticket to those." Merlin's smile turns mischievous
and a bit seductive. "Besides, I get the feeling things won't be boring as long as I'm with
him."
"We want to find Shizuka-sensei." Rei said.
"But… you promised." Ruby reminds me.
"I know but… I just can't come with you. Not when I also have unfinished business." I told
Ruby.
"Right…" Ruby looks down, clearly saddened.
I can't stand the sight of a sad Ruby, but there's nothing I can do.
"I may have a solution." Everyone turns to the Blacksmith.
"What is it?" Penny asks as she watches the goddess raise her hand.
A glass case suddenly rises from the void and inside is what looks like a white humanoid
mannequin.
[Replica]
Rank: B
Also referred to as puppets or clones, they are a synthetic clone of an individual. The
Replicas can act as vessels for Hearts, and can become real enough to exist as a being in
their own right.
[A Replica… I didn't know she was connected to the Kingdom Hearts universe]
"This vessel can contain the essence of a person and replicate it, becoming a perfect copy of
the original." The Blacksmith explains. "All it requires is the original's life energy and it shall
become its own person."
"Mine." I said and she nodded.

"Correct. However, this replica body is too small, it will not be able to contain all of your
power." She warned.
"Got it." I put my hand on the glass case.
[This should be interesting]
I start pouring some of my energy in the case, shrouding it in a layer of darkness.
"!" Suddenly I feel a pull from inside the case. It's trying to absorb all of my energy, but I
manage to keep the flow in my favor thanks to [Energy Lordship].
I retract my energy and the glass on the case has turned pitch black.
*CRACK~*
Cracks form before the case shatters, and out comes an identical replica of myself; [Saiyan
Tail] included… and he was naked!
"Wow…" Yang whispers at seeing his brother's "package".
Ruby quickly covers her eyes, but opens a crack to get a peek. 'Now that's a katana.'
Saya and Weiss become stuttering, blushing messes. Blake has a nosebleed and whispers
"over 10 inches" under her breath. Rei covers Alice's eyes while Jaune does the same for
Penny. Saeko and Merlin, though, stare hungrily at the naked copy.
I snap my fingers and his body is covered in a veil of darkness before it stabilizes and
becomes a full-length black coat with a hood and a waist-high slit going up the back. It has a
large silver zipper that fastens at the top and zips down to seal the coat. It has silver
drawstrings for the hood decorated with a large silver bead hanging from the end and a silver
chain ornament adorned with four large cylindrical silver beads that fastens to a loop on
either side of the collarbone region.
On both wrists and ankles are a set of [Inhibitor Rings] in order to keep his powers in check.
"Let's get you up and about." I grab my replica and help him stand up. "Can you talk?"
"I..." The replica locks eyes on me. "You're me."
I chuckle. "No, I'm me."
"Is this how all our duplicates feel when we summon them?" The replica curiously asks.
"Probably." I let go of him and he takes the first steps on his own.
He looks at his hands and quickly turns back to me. "Why do I feel weaker?"
Name: Azule Rose
Title: Overlord, Judge, Master Forger, Dragon God, Blade God

Affiliation: n/a
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Race: Replica (Omniversal Chimera)
Level: 993
HP: 107,443,566
MP: 125,455,624
SP: 132,667,418
AP: 135,278,916
Background: He is your Replica, so he has all of your memories up to the point he was
"Born".
Strengths: He has your memories and your clever mind
Weakness: He doesn't have your Gamer System, and has access to only 40% of your
skill/perks. Also, because he doesn't have [Gamer's Mind] and [Gamer's Body] , he will
be more prone to emotional outbursts and he will feel real pain when injured.
Personal thoughts: So I am a Replica. I can't help but have mixed feelings about this
Reputation: 100
Affection: 100 (He's you, duh)
Unique Skill: Nemesis
Ultimate Skill: Unlimited Blade Works
"Because you are. I had to tweak the energy while you were forming, otherwise you would
have blown up on the spot." I explained.
"Because a Replica can't contain all of our power." The Replica said, recounting what the
Blacksmith said a minute prior.
I nod.
A familiar green hologram appears next to the Replica. "Greetings, I am Delta, it is a pleasure
to make your acquaintance."
"It's nice to meet you. My name's Azule Rose." Azule said.
[So the Replica even copied Delta? At least he'll be a good substitute for me]

My Delta then hovers over to the other Delta. "Hello Delta. It is good to make your
acquaintance."
Azule's Delta looks confused, or as confused as a static hologram of a green suit can be.
"How is this possible? AIs cannot be copied."
"That will be resolved shortly. Requesting data link." Delta said.
"Request accepted. Beginning transfer." The two AIs glow for a brief moment before it ends.
"Transfer complete. I am fully up to date on current events."
"I guess you couldn't put everything into this body, which means I won't be able to travel like
before." He surmises and sighs in defeat. "That sucks." He exasperates before staring down at
his hands. "Hm…" He then starts doing practice punches to test his speed.
The Replica has a mixed number of skills and perks from both before and after
my [Ascension]. For perks, he has my [Regenerator] , [Adept] , [Dragon Core] , [God Ki]
, [Savant Polymath] , [Charitable Patron] , [Judge] , [Nemesis] , [Golden Rule] ,
[Overlord] , [Celestial Engineer] , [Master Forger] , [Negative Protection] , [Blade God]
, [Protection from Arrows] , [Ultimate Adonis] , [Chaos Mode] , [Legendary Super
Saiyan Mutation] , [True Dragon God Transformation] , [Dark Wisdom] , [Mind's Eye]
, and [Silver Rinne-Sharingan].
I couldn't give him all of my god perks because they were too big to fit in his newborn soul,
and if I forced it, then it would commit [Soul Suicide].
For skills, he has [Chroma] , [Elemental Manipulation] , [Almighty Magic] , [Ki
Manipulation, [Duplicate] , [God Ki Sense] , [Ki Sense] , [Ki Block] , [Perfect
Unknowable] , [Energy Manipulation] , [Void Dragon Slayer Magic] , [Psionic
Manipulation] , [Salvation] , [Instant Transmission] , [Ultra Instinct] , [Sword Dance] ,
[Kaio-ken] , [Shadow Force] , [Roar of Time] , [Spiritual Attack Nullification] ,
[Abnormal Condition Nullification] , [Natural Effects Nullification] , [True Movement
Mastery] , [Weapon Mastery] , [True Martial Arts Mastery] , [Divine Marksmanship]
, and [Unlimited Blade Works].
"It'll take some getting used to, but I can work with this." Azule comments.
I arch an eyebrow. "You're taking this way better than I thought."
"I mean, I'm pretty annoyed that I'm not as strong as I'm supposed to be, but I know it's not
your fault so I can't take it out on you." Azule glances at the Blacksmith who continues to
smile from her workshop before looking back to me. "So, that's it then."
"Yup. Off to save the world. Again." I said.
The two of us smirk before doing a fist bump.
"Until the next time, Asmodeus." Azule said.
"Until the next time, Azule." I smile. "You better be ready."

"Oh, you bet I will. Just who the hell do you think I am?" Azule rhetorically exclaims and the
two share a laugh.
We separate and Azule walks towards Ruby and her friends. She extends her hand and he
happily takes it and they all walk through the portal together.
"Before you leave, I have one last gift." The Blacksmith walks to one of the benches and
grabs what looks like an old jewelry box. She walks out of her workshop and extends the box
to me.
I take the box and look at it analytically. "What's this?"
"Wisdom." She replies which confuses me a little.
"Well, uh, thanks. And since we're on the subject of gifts." I hold up my hand and a sphere of
energy forms before it disperses, revealing a silver fob watch.
I walk over to Peter and give it to him. "Here. Consider it a birthday present."
Peter presses the button on top and opens it, revealing a stylish-looking clockface inside. "It's
beautiful." He hugs the watch. "Thank you, Sir. Asmodeus."
I ruffle Peter's fur. "You're gonna do great out there, kid." I then turn to the Blacksmith. "So,
are you gonna make us a portal to my version of Remnant? To Earthland? Or wherever
the [Aincrad] is?"
"No, you will use the same portal and like the others, it will take you when you are
needed." The Blacksmith says. "However, there is one last thing we must discuss."
"Why wait till now to say this?" Saya asks suspiciously.
"Because it's only meant for us to hear, right?" Merlin surmises and the goddess nods.
"What is it?" Rei asks.
"The dark mage Rustyrose and the Demon Goddess Towa were nothing but pawns used for
the purpose of unwinding the threads of reality, and while you, your allies, Fairy Tail, and the
women they experimented on had reversed the Genesis Wave, the damage to the cosmos was
already done. Cracks are forming across time and space, threatening to swallow all of reality,
and raw chaotic power has been dispersed across the multiverse." She explains.
Merlin and the others glance at each other in worry at the grim statement before looking at
me.
"Who are they?" I ask and she shakes her head.
"I do not know, but they are ancient with powers that cannot be comprehended. Their actions
have upset the balance of creation." She states. "Already, I can feel many worlds falling to
entropy thanks to their actions, corrupting vulnerable souls into unwillingly doing their
bidding but for what purpose, I do not know."

[So there's a big bad out there who wants to rule the multiverse. How classy]
"Thanks for telling me this. I'll be sure to keep my eyes open." I nod.
"I have faith you will prevail when the time comes." The Blacksmith smiles.
I put the jewelry box away in my [Inventory] and the six of us walk into the portal and leave
her workshop all the while Peter waves goodbye.
"Remember… the brighter the light, the greater the shadow." The Blacksmith morbidly states
as she watches them go.
The six walk out of the portal and find themselves in some forest.
[It seems we are on our Remnant, but I'm not sure at what point in time]
"Where are we?" Rei asks as her eyes scan her surroundings.
"We appear to be in a forest. The planet's current tilt indicates we are in the ending months of
Spring." Delta informs.
I sigh. "Thanks for the update, Delta."
"The ambient mana feels off, corrupted even." Merlin states with a sour look on her face.
"That's likely the airborne negativity you're sensing. The Grimm are attracted to it like
honey." I remarked.
Saya blinks at what I said. "Wait, Grimm? Are you saying this is-"
"Yep. Welcome to Remnant. You're gonna hate it here." I said.
*PING!*
Suddenly, I leap back as my [Mind's Eye] detects a presence coming this way. I
summon [Rebellion] as the rustling of the bushes intensifies and someone steps out.
She is a girl with a light brown complexion, with shoulder-length, straight brown hair. She
had a beauty mark below her left eye. She wears a long, green hooded cloak on top of an offwhite blouse with frill detailing on the shoulders, pleated lower half with a central split,
alongside a brown vest that had three straps and golden lining around the collar. She had a
dark brown corset with matching pants, as well as a pair of brown thigh-high boots with large
cuffs and golden armor plating covering the boots up to her knees.
She also has an amber pendant on her vest, a gold bracer on her left arm, and two gold
bracelets on her right wrist. Finally, she had a golden spaulder on her right shoulder as well as
a brown shoulder strap with some pouches slung diagonally across her body. And on her
hands is a golden staff.

Name: Amber Autumn
Title: The Fall Maiden, The Wanderer
Affiliation: Ozpin's Circle
Alignment: Neutral Good
Race: Human
Level: 45
HP: 11,403
MP: 10,561
SP: 9,296
AP: 9,027
Background: The Fall Maiden of this generation who gained it at a very young age. She
was found by Qrow Branwen and taken directly under Headmaster Ozpin's wing, who
both took turns training her in combat. As time went by, Amber grew restless over the
fact she wasn't allowed outside Vale's walls and was prone to run away from her
guardian. Once she was old enough, Ozpin allowed her to travel the world but had
asked Qrow and the other headmasters to keep a close eye on her. In the canon timeline,
Leonardo would give away Amber's location to Cinder who would ambush her and take
her power, setting off the events of RWBY.
Strengths: She was trained by both Qrow Brawnwen and Headmaster Ozpin, making
her a seasoned Huntress and a Maiden. Unlike most Huntsmen, she doesn't hold the
same principles that most Huntsmen preach, meaning she has nothing against killing
people. Her instincts are sharp enough to pick up illusions.
Weakness: Despite having no problem with killing, she is somewhat naïve and easily
fooled due to her kindness.
Personal thoughts: What are Huntsmen doing alone in the forest? And with a child and
her dog no less!? And what's up with those breasts!? They're HUGE!
Reputation: 0
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Savant, Soul of Autumn
Ultimate Skill: none
[Savant]

Allows her to learn skills and improve at more than 10 times the normal rate
[Soul of Autumn]
Grants the user the power of the [Fall Maiden] and increases all stats by 40%.
"Are you all okay? I heard some kind of noise." Amber asks us, staff gripped tightly in her
hands.
"... shit." I hissed.
TO BE CONTINUED!
Would you like to save your current progress?
[Y/N]
Saving… DING!
Data is saved.
Author Notes
Mini-arc over! And it's nearly 50k!
I started watching Tensura and got instantly hooked, which is why the system acts the way it
is. And if you don't like it, that's on you.
I was originally going to go with Yu-Gi-Oh! for the game with the Toymaker, but Omni and I
decided to go with Pokémon instead because we're bigger fans of the franchise than Yu-GiOh!
There were few ways I thought about fulfilling Ruby's promise. The first way was
bigeneration but for some reason I found it hard to write it down. Next was sealing a piece of
the MC's soul in a holocron so that he can continue being a mentor/brother figure that wasn't
going to work either because it felt like it would add more unnecessary drama and it would
get stolen by the bad guys, plus with Penny having a crush on him would make it more
complicated. That's when triscythe brought up the Replicas from Kingdom Hearts and I
thought that wasn't a bad option and I was running on fumes on that point so I was like "why
not?" and went with it.
There were also some ideas that I wanted to use for this arc to make it a bit more darker, but I
never went through with them in the end.
Lastly, here's a bit of info of Asmodeus' Ultimate Skill:
Name: Story's End – The Light that Signals the End of All Things
Type: Unknown

Rank: Unknown
Range: Unknown
Maximum Number of Targets: Unknown
Description: An arrow that embodies the concept of "Eternity". By calling forth all of
the weapons inside Unlimited Blade Works, Asmodeus is able to fuse all of their
attributes into a weapon that "Transcends the Laws of the Universe", capable of
destroying time and space simply by existing. It is a paradox, a "virus" that can destroy
all of reality if not kept in check. As a result, Asmodeus can only use this within the
confines of his Reality Marble. This would normally erase the soul as well, but because
of Asmodeus' authority, it leaves no lasting damage except for the inability to summon
the Reality Marble for 100 hours.
I find writing the attack like a Noble Phantasm easier since it offers more details.
So, I will start the next arc late-Fall so I can focus on my other stories (despite telling myself
not to play favorites I did it anyway).
See you all in November!
Peace~

Chapter 38: RWBY: Destiny Denied
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
"W-What are you wearing!?" A red-faced Amber shrieks at the arc-mage.
Merlin wraps her arms under her chest, making them jiggle as a result. "What's the matter
girl, jealous?"
Amber's face twitches as she stares at the older woman's breasts.
'I guess I shouldn't be surprised.' I remark as I lower [Rebellion]. "Uh… we're fine. Just got
lost."
Amber looks at me and her expression immediately changes to relief. "Oh good. For a
moment, I thought a Grimm was here." The staff retracts and places it in her pouch. "I'm
Amber. Amber Autumn. Nice to meet you."
"Asmodeus." I said, causing Amber to look at me funny.
"Azmou-OW!" Amber accidentally bites her tongue in the process.
I sweat drop. "Just Deus is fine. It happens."
[This is your fault for trying to be edgy. I mean, who the hell names themselves after a
freakin' Demon Lord!?]
I sweat dropped. 'Give me a break already. I thought it was cool at the time.'
[For a chūnibyō, and this is becoming annoying. Also FYI, you should let the girls know
about the name. If they start to address you as 'Azule' in front of Amber and it
somehow gets back to Ozpin or - godforbid - Leonardo, it could ruin any chance at

catching them off guard. Not to mention, there is a high likelihood that Azule is still
very much alive, so it's best to avoid Mistral for now]
'I know.' I said. With Team RWBY back in their timeline, there's no point in using the name
'Azule' here, and if I don't wanna end up creating a paradox, I'll need to stay under the radar,
at least until time catches up to me.
"I'm Miyamoto Rei, it's nice to meet you." Rei greets the Fall Maiden.
"Nice to meet you, Miyamoto." Amber smiles.
"Miyamoto is her surname while Rei is her first." I point and Amber looks in surprise.
"Oh, that's a Mistrillian custom right? People introduce their last name first?" Amber asks
and I nod.
"Mistral's one of the 4 kingdoms, right?" Rei says remembering one of Jaune's stories.
"How do you not know Mistral?" A confused Amber asks the orangette.
"We're from a secluded village in the mountains, one that's had no contact with the rest of the
world." I quickly follow up and she takes my answer.
"Right. There are settlements like that." Amber then looks up as Saeko walks over to
her. 'She's so tall!'
Saeko steps up and offers her hand. "My name is Busujima Saeko. A pleasure to make your
acquaintance."
"L-Likewise." Amber stammers as she takes her hand.
Saya does a hair flip. "I'm Takagi Saya. Charmed, I'm sure."
Amber, however, was more focused on Saya's jiggling breasts sticking out than her
introduction. 'We're about the same age and yet… how the hell are all of their breasts bigger
than mine!?'
"I'm Alice!" Alice lifts up Zeke. "And he's Zeke."
Zeke barked.
'So cute! Must protect!' Amber mentally gushed.
"I suppose it's my turn now." Merlin said. "My name is Merlin, it's a pleasure to meet you,
Ms. Autumn."
'She has that same mysterious and all-knowing aura professor Ozpin has.' Amber thought
before leaning next to me. "Hey, why is she wearing that?"
"I don't know. That's just how she is." I replied.

Merlin hears their whispers and chuckles. They weren't the first to question her fashion sense
and she knew they wouldn't be the last.
"I'm curious, Ms. Autumn. How did you acquire magic?" Merlin's question makes Amber
freeze.
I facepalmed. 'Dammit Merlin!'
[Welp, so much for trying to lay low]
"H-How do you know I have magic!?" An anxious Amber asks. "A-Are you with her?"
The buxom sorceress tilts her head. "Her? Do you mean Salem? Rest assured, we are not
affiliated with that woman." But her answer only served to make Amber more anxious of us.
'How do they know about Salem!? The only people who should know are all part of Ozpin's
group!?' Amber's eyes light up with an amber haze and raises her staff at the group. "Who are
you all? Answer me now!"
The others quickly pull out their weapons while Alice hides behind Saya, holding Zeke
tightly around her arms.
[Well this has escalated quickly]
"Hey, lets just all calm down. There's no need to fight." I tried to diffuse the tension but it
was too late.
Amber imbues her staff with fire and charges at Merlin only for her attack to bounce off by
an invisible wall. "What!?"
"You should listen to him, little girl. We are not your enemy." Merlin said.
"What was that, your [Semblance]!?" An annoyed Amber demands before a hand touches
her shoulder.
"That's enough. We didn't come here to fight, and I'm sure that's not what you want either. So
why don't we just lower our weapons and talk like civilized people?" I politely ask the Fall
Maiden.
Amber stares at me for a few moments before the fire on her staff dissipates.
"Fine. But you better have a good explanation for this." Amber said and I explained
everything.
(AN: KING CRIMSON!)
"So let me get this straight." Amber began. "You're an interdimensional traveler from the
future who was sent back in time by a magic tree from a fairy tale I read when I was little and
they," She points to the girls. "Are women from other worlds whom you trained to fight gods
and other powerful beings. Did I get that right?"

"Well, not as crudely as you put it but essentially yes." I confirm only to get clamped by
handcuffs. "?"
"I'm taking you to a police station for drug use and child endangerment and kidnapping."
Amber states.
"Wha-I'm not lying!" I protest. "More importantly, why do you even have handcuffs?"
"None of your business!" Amber exclaims.
[Well, you tried. Can we get to the fighting now?]
"I can show you proof that I'm telling the truth. Come out Delta." A small hologram appears
floating between Amber and I.
"Hello Amber, I am Delta. An AI partner created by Director Doctor Leonard Church for
Project Freelancer." Delta formally introduces himself to the Maiden.
"So you're from Atlas then? They're the only kingdom capable of creating something like
this." Amber states.
"I have analyzed the CCT database and I can assure you madam that Atlas does not have the
technology required to create an Artificial Intelligence of my caliber. However, I have found
data logs that entail utilizing spiritual means to create artificial life and have proven to be
successful." Delta informs her which I quickly surmise that he's talking about Penny.
"What? The general never mentioned anything like that." A shocked Amber mutters before
frantically shaking her head. "Whatever. This still doesn't prove your claim."
I use [Shapeshift] and my body starts to transform right before them. My skin turns pale, my
eye color changes from platinum to amber, my hair grows extremely long until it reaches
floor-level; hair-strands curve towards the left-side of my face with mid-length hair resting on
my left shoulder. My body gains a curvaceous figure, with wide hips and F-cup breasts.
I've shapeshifted into Velvet Crowe's appearance from Tales of Berseria, and thanks to
the [UMF Suit] my clothes have been refitted to match my new figure.
"Wow." An awed Saya verbally states the obvious.
"He's so pretty." Alice chimed.
"Do you believe me now?" I ask Amber in Velvet's voice.
"T-That could just be your [Semblance]!" Amber argues until she sees him (her?) effortlessly
break the handcuffs before summoning [Ace of Spades] and aims it towards her.
"How about now?" I ask again and the Maiden frantically nods. "Good girl."
Amber watches the weapons disappear from his (her?) hands like they never existed, and
there was only one question in her mind at this moment. "What are you?"

"I just tol-AAAAAAAAAHHHHH!" I scream as I clutch my sides.
"Azule!" The girls rush to their friend/crush.
"What's wrong!?" A frantic Amber asks before the transformed girl's body suddenly shoots
up. "Eep!"
"KIDNEYS! I GOT NEW KIDNEYS!" I yell out.
"... wha?" Saya said, confused.
"I don't like the color."
"Of your kidneys?" Amber asks, equally weirded out.
I straighten myself. "Yeah. It seems my transformation is a bit too thorough. Caught me
completely by surprise. Hehehe."
Amber starts poking my new chest. "Hey stop, that tickles."
"So everything you said. The Ever After? Traveling different worlds? Magic? It's all true?"
Amber said.
"Yup~" I confirm and Amber looks like she's about to keel over.
"I need to sit down. This is too much." Amber exasperates as she leans against a tree.
"Welcome to my world." Saya grumbles.
"Look, frankly, I shouldn't have told you any of this. But you wouldn't believe me otherwise."
I told her. "If you wanna blame someone, blame Merlin."
Merlin huffs. "There's nothing wrong with asking questions. And what's the purpose of
keeping magic a secret?"
I glance at the sorceress. "Trust me, Merlin. There's lots of universes where the supernatural
is a closely-guarded secret. Some would kill and destroy just to keep it that way."
Merlin's brow furrow at the prospect. "That sounds selfish and shortsighted."
I don't blame her for thinking that. Merlin comes from a world where the supernatural is
common and widely known by humanity, not only that but she loves new knowledge and
desires to learn everything. For someone like that to come to a world where the supernatural
is secretive but also restricts information, well, I can only imagine just how frustrating that is
for her.
"You're not wrong, but since when have humans ever behaved rationally?" I rhetorically
asked. "Whether it's because of greed, fear, envy, or just outright bigotry, humanity will
always find something to distort the logic of the world for their personal gain; rejecting

whatever they believe doesn't fit their worldview. Faunus are a great example." I unravel my
tail from my waist, causing Amber to gasp in surprise.
"You're a Monkey Faunus too!?" Shouts the Fall Maiden.
I arch an eyebrow at her reaction. "You just now noticed it?" My tail wiggles next to me. "It's
not like I was hiding it."
"Well, your tail does make for a perfect belt." Saeko remarks and starts stroking it. "It's so
soft, too~"
"Ah~" I immediately cover my mouth and glance at the girls.
"Did he just…?" A shocked Rei said.
Saya's expression turns mischievous. "Well, looks like we found your weak spot, Azule~"
"S-Shut up!" I hissed in embarrassment before feeling a pull. Looking down, I see Alice
pulling my tail with both hands. "Please let go of my tail."
Alice hugs the appendage fiercely. "But it's so fluffy!"
"Geh!" My legs become wobbly the longer Alice keeps hugging my tail. It also doesn't help
that I can feel rising arousal from my new "sheath" before it dips back to normal thanks
to [Gamer's Mind].
"Alice dear, please release the tail. You are making 'her' uncomfortable." Merlin's suave voice
makes Alice stop her assault.
Alice looks back to see the tense look on my face and quickly lets go. "I'm sorry, Angel-niisan."
As soon as she lets go, my composure reasserts itself. "It's… okay, Alice." I take a deep
breath and exhale. "Just… don't do it again."
Alice nods.
[That was… unexpected. Usually, you'd feel pain from having your tail mistreated like
that. It may be because since you're in a female body, your demon side may be turning
pain into pleasure. In short, you may have unintentionally turned yourself part
Succubus]
'Oh great.'
"I've heard that in Faunus culture, touching one's animal trait, such as ears or tails, is
considered an intimate gesture, reserved for those they feel close to." Amber states, and
everyone's eyes widen.
Saeko suddenly prostrates in front of me. "I'm so sorry!"

Alice sees this and bows, with Zeke doing the same.
I sweat dropped. 'It's not like I knew either.'
Later
The group of girls (plus dog) are walking through a paved dirt road with a wooden fence
through a forest with mountains in the background under a cloudy sky.
After that embarrassing scene we search for a way out, eventually finding the dirt road we're
walking on right now.
"If we follow this path, we should be able to reach the town." Amber said.
"Okay." I replied.
"Hey Deus, can I ask you something?" I glance at Amber. "Back then, why did those girls
call you Azule?"
My eyes widen slightly before answering. "It's an old name my mother and sisters used to
call me in the past. The girls were close to them so they called me that as well, but my true
name is Asmodeus." I told her while looking at the others in a way that told them to play
along. It wasn't wrong and the girls knew about both names, but I didn't get the chance to tell
the others about sticking with 'Asmodeus' before Amber showed up.
The girls picked up on what I was conveying, but I could tell they wanted to discuss it later.
"So, could you tell me more about your travels?" Amber asks before quickly adding. "N-Not
that I believe you or anything, just curious!"
I giggle. "Sure. How about I tell you about the time I teleported into a toilet?"
Amber shakes her head with amusement. "No."
"Yes. Though not my first adventure, it's probably the most random one yet." I said.
"How crude." Saya's chide comment fails to hide the interest on her face.
"Riiiight." Amber sarcastically giggled before looking at me in curiosity. "But seriously, with
this talk of other worlds and the Ever After, what was it like?"
"The toilet or dimensional travel?" I ask before chuckling. "I'm kidding. But the best
description is like crossing a bridge." I put my hands up and split them apart. "Simply going
from point A to B."
"It can't be that simple."
I scratch the back of my head. "Well, not really. It involves lots of 6th dimensional
mathematics, quantum physics, String Theory, and a general total understanding of the spacetime continuum."

Amber blinks. "What?"
"Nevermind. Just know that it's very complex math, okay?" I said and she nodded.
I continue telling her of my adventures along with the people I met. Amber laughed at Fairy
Tail's eccentric and colorful personalities, the bizarre magic, meeting alien martial artists, and
the castle we all used to live in at one point.
"Sometimes it was amazing, other times it was dangerous, usually it was both. I faced both
great and terrible challenges, met wonderful people." I glanced at the girls before gazing back
at Amber. "And I've learned things. Things that would make your magic look like a parlor
trick. Power that defies all logic, abilities that sets you apart from everything, and items that
are beyond imagination. It was definitely refreshing not having to worry about Grimm all the
time let me tell you that."
"I bet!" Amber giggled and I smiled back.
'She has such a cute smile.' I said before my smile sours. Cinder is going to maim this
beautiful girl, all because she has something that she neither wanted nor asked for. Her fall
marked the beginning of a series of events that would tip the world on its head, turn humanity
against each other, and subsequently destroy any chance of making peace. All because of the
machinations of two immortals who used people's lives as toys for their eternal game and
though they may have different reasons that still doesn't excuse them for what they've done.
"I wish I could go and see those places. They sound so wonderful." Amber said.
"I can take you to them." I said and Amber's eyes widened.
"Really!?" A starry-eyed Amber exclaims.
"Yeah." I grab Amber's hand and our fingers interlock. "I promise."
Amber blushes from the sudden show of affection.
You have gained 50 AFF with Amber Autumn (Crush)
You have gained 40 REP with Amber Autumn (Friend)
"Hm?" Saeko stops moving, which catches everyone's attention.
"What's wrong?" Saya asks.
Saeko's eyes scan the area. "... we're being watched."
I look right and summon [Ace of Spades] and shoot a nearby tree. "AAAAAAHHHH!" The
tree screams in pain as it shimmers, revealing a young man with grey eyes and hair that he
keeps partially slicked back while unkempt at the front. He's wearing a zip jacket with a
collar zipped all the way up, minus the armor. His pants are dark orange and wears a pair of
dark boots.

He clutches his right shoulder, a growing red stain can be seen in the fabric.
Name: Mercury Black
Title: Kinslayer, Lieutenant of Cinder Fall
Affiliation: Cinder's Group
Alignment: Neutral Evil
Race: Human
Level: 34
HP: 5,743
MP: 0
SP: 6,160
AP: 2,281
Background: The only son of the infamous assassin Marcus Black. Marcus resented
Mercury for his wife's death, and would suffer abuse and neglect as a form of training.
However, Marcus found that Mercury excelled at everything he threw at him. Fearing
his son would gain a powerful Semblance and by extension surpass him as an assassin,
Marcus used his Semblance to rip his soul into two, stealing his Semblance but leaving
just enough to generate Aura, saying that he'll give it back once he was strong enough.
To impede Mercury further, Marcus cut off both of Mercury's legs and replaced them
with prosthetics. This made Mercury snap and the two fought, destroying their home
and killing his father in cold blood. It was right there that Cinder appeared planning to
recruit Marcus, but upon seeing Mercury's handiwork, Cinder opted with Mercury
instead and he accepted her offer, thinking it was simply meant to be.
Strengths: Mercury was trained as an assassin, as such he possesses exceptional agility,
reflexes, and martial arts. He fights primarily with a kick-based style (similar to Tae‐
Kwon‐Do/Muay Thai/Capoeira) and uses his legs as his main weapons. He also
possessed a tactical mind, as he can deduce aspects of his opponent's abilities after
limited exposure.
Weakness: He is bitter and resents Marcus for physically and spiritually crippling him.
He has issues connecting with others, insecure because of his lack of a Semblance, he is
cocky and arrogant towards his enemies, and is prone to provocation.
Personal thoughts: Fuck!? FUCK!? That bitch just shot me! That girl's illusions don't
fucking work!
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)

Unique skill: none
Ultimate Skill: none
Affliction: 1/2 Soul
[1/2 Soul]
Permanently reduces AP by 50% and locks Semblances.
"Fuck, fuck!" Mercury screamed.
"What the hell!?" Everyone gets their weapons out while Alice hides between Merlin and I.
'It was nice while it lasted.' I lower my gun and turn to the road. "Your little plan has failed,
so why don't you stop wasting time and just come out already."
The air shimmers and two figures appear in front of us. The first is a woman with pale skin,
short ashen black hair, and molten-gold eyes. Her outfit is a dress that has separated sleeves
and the dress is held up by straps tied around her neck in a bow. Her heeled shoes are made of
a more typical material.
Next to her is a younger girl with medium-brown skin and dark-red eyes. Her hair is a light,
mint-green that is tied in a ponytail. She is also noticeably thin, like she hasn't eaten in a
while. Her outfit is a short olive-colored crop top, and she wore her signature chaps which
were torn and belt. Beneath her chaps, she wore dark green pants and plain dark brown flat
shoes. She also wore white half-gloves.
Name: Cinder Fall
Title: Murderer, Runaway, Usurper of Seasons, Salem's "Apprentice"
Affiliation: Salem's Circle
Alignment: Chaotic Evil
Race: Human
Level: 37
HP: 6,102
MP: 0
SP: 5,728
AP: 5,655
Background: An orphan with nothing but a name to call her own, she grew up in an
orphanage in the Kingdom of Mistral, where she was bullied and tasked with menial
chores. At one point, she was adopted (or bought to be more accurate) by a "Madame"

who was the owner of a high-class hotel in Mantle, the Glass Unicorn. However,
Cinder's life only worsened upon stepping into its gilded walls. The Madame forced her
to do service-type work around the hotel, given old and sometimes moldy food, lived in
the hotel's boiler room, and was strapped with a shock collar that the Madame would
use if Cinder either disobeyed or was seen slacking in her work. Her "sisters"
constantly berated her, blame Cinder for any mischievousness they cause, and "play"
with their mother's remote, shocking Cinder for the twisted fun of it. She eventually
attracted the attention of a Huntsman named Rhodes, who caught her using her
Semblance for the very first time. He would train Cinder how to fight every time he
visited, with the hope that Cinder would join a Huntsman Academy when she was
older; he even gave Cinder one of his swords as a gift. One day, the sisters find the
sword under Cinder's bed and tell the Madame who demanded Cinder to tell who she
stole it from and shocks her every time she doesn't answer. This made Cinder snap and
rip the collar off her neck before proceeding to kill them. Rhodes appears and Cinder is
happy to see him, but upon seeing the fresh corpses, Rhodes confronts Cinder, who sees
this as a betrayal. The two fought but Rhodes dropped his guard at the last moment and
she killed him with the very sword he gave her. After leaving the scene of the crime, she
wandered Mantle until she encountered Tyrian who brought her to Salem, where she
endured rigorous training to make her a powerful warrior and an ideal Maiden for her
plans.
Strengths: She possesses enhanced speed, strength, reflexes, endurance, and is proficient
in both close‑quarters and ranged combat. She has mastery of Dust & weapon‑crafting,
allowing her to transform clouds of Dust into glass shards and create glass weapons
through her Semblance. She is adept in espionage and infiltration, as well as highly
ambitious and possesses a tactical mind, refined by her years under Salem and Arthur
Watts' personal tutelage.
Weakness: Despite her cunning and resourcefulness, Cinder is often undermined by her
sadism and ruthlessness, her insatiable thirst for power and willingness to cross any
lines to acquire it, impatience, intolerance of insubordination or failure or any sort of
criticism, her dislike of being a follower or subordinate of anyone, her volatile temper,
and relentless thirst for vengeance. These often lead to shortsighted decisions and
volatile outbursts that ultimately end in failing to achieve any goals she has and
undermine the efforts of Salem and her other followers. Her past trauma, ambition, and
fear of weakness make her less flexible and more predictable in some ways, she's also
prone to disobey orders that conflict with her personal agenda and is willing to dispose
of her allies without a second thought if it means being one step closer to her goals.
Personal Thoughts: Damn it, there goes our chance at easily ambushing the Fall Maiden
and taking the power from that undeserving bitch. I thought Emerald's illusions would
render us undetectable?! This will be harder than I was hoping for.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Scorching Caress

Ultimate Skill: none
Affliction: Alpha Parasite
[Scorching Caress]
Cinder's Semblance. It allows her to super‑heat objects and manipulate their shape. She
can create explosions by heating the ground, melt materials via touch and reshape them,
and direct heat through her body (hands, legs) to burn opponents through contact.
[Alpha Parasite]
The Grimm parasite that was infused into Cinder Fall by Salem herself, it is designed to
forcibly extract and transfer the magic power of others to its host. This also links
Cinder to Salem, allowing the Grimm Queen to observe and know where she is at all
times. However, because its host is a broken creature who only experiences negativity,
the parasite has submerged further into her body and evolved rapidly, spreading across
her body to efficiently feed on its host while camouflaging her.
Name: Emerald Sustrei
Title: Emerald Thief, Street Urchin, Kleptomaniac
Affiliation: Cinder's Group
Alignment: Neutral Evil
Race: Human
Level: 28
HP: 3,677
MP: 0
SP: 3,201
AP: 3,767
Background: An orphan who grew up in the city as a street rat, Emerald lived day to
day without a guarantee of enough food, always resorting to stealing to get by. Cinder
saw her use her Semblance to steal a ring from a jeweler and asked Emerald to come
with her, guaranteeing a source of food, making Emerald extremely grateful and
instilling a strong loyalty to Cinder.
Strengths: Emerald is resourceful and a quick-learner and a skilled pickpocket due to
her experiences of living on the streets. She is adept in melee and ranged combat due to
her dual pistol-Kama hybrid weapons. Her greatest strength, however, lies in her talent
and mastery of misdirection, deception, and manipulation through the illusions she

creates via her Semblance that hinder her opponents and other targets, making her a
tricky foe to fight.
Weakness: Her misplaced loyalty to Cinder for helping her off the streets and
recognizing her worth makes her blind or prone to downplay the true extent of Cinder's
flaws, negative personality traits, and poor decision-making, rendering her vulnerable
to exploitation by Cinder.
Personal Thoughts: How is this possible?! No one should be able to see through my
illusions! Damn it, Cinder is gonna be so mad and disappointed in me after she had so
much faith in me!
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Hallucinations
Ultimate Skill: none
Affliction: Hunger
[Hallucinations]
Emerald's Semblance. It modifies the sensory information in a target's mind: causing
one or more people to see and hear things that aren't real. This can be used to deceive
targets, often by seeing things that aren't real or as a means of stealth, among other
potential uses, and can even work on non‑humans and even mechanical systems.
However, the illusions themselves have no physical substance, require constant focus,
and it strains her and gives her a headache if used against multiple targets.
"So much for the element of surprise. Emerald, I thought you said your illusions could fool
anyone?" Cinder said to Emerald with a frown.
"It does! I don't know how she was able to see him!" Emerald nervously defends.
"Your illusion-based [Semblance] is effective, and if you used it on anyone else, you might
have succeeded in your little ambush. Unfortunately for you, you had to cross paths
with me." I mockingly told them, drawing their attention back towards me.
[God Ki Sense] allows me to sense life energy, even through illusions. Add [Mind's
Eye] and [Spiritual Attack Nullification] and her illusions may as well never happened.
[These fools were trying to catch us off guard. How easy the tables have turned~]
"He's lucky I wasn't aiming to kill. Though that may change quickly depending on what you
do right now." I point [Ace of Spades] at them. "Now you can either walk away… or die.
The choice is yours."
Cinder, however, merely laughs at my threat.

"How cute, a bunch of little girls, an old hag and their dog trying to act all tough without any
idea of what they're up against." Cinders says in amusement.
A malevolent aura surges from Merlin, making the group take a step away from the angry
sorceress.
"How about this instead: you and your friends leave the Maiden here, and maybe we'll let you
walk away with your worthless lives." Cinder shot back.
"..." I stare at Cinder for a few seconds before lowering my gun, which makes Cinder smirk
triumphant.
"Take them down girls." I said and the three highschoolers vanished.
"!?" Cinder barely has time to put up any defense as she is kicked off the ground by Saya.
Rei then appears and slams Cinder to the ground with her hand,
her [Aura] just barely tanking the incredible friction of force.
'Im… possible!' Cinder gawks at the girl's inhuman strength.
Mercury, still wracked with pain, doesn't sense the presence of Saeko standing behind him
until it is too late. When he turns, he is elbowed in the face, breaking his nose in the process.
Saeko lifts her sleeve to see the blood, mucus, and bits of bone on it. "Gross."
Saya makes quick work of Emerald, elbowing her in the stomach with enough force to not
only shatter her [Aura] but also rupturing her organs and causing internal bleeding.
"Guah!" Emerald coughs up blood.
It was all done in a moment, with Amber being shell-shocked at such an impossible onesided beatdown.
"My onee-sans are the best!" Alice cheered and Zeke barked in agreement.
"Good work girls, now bring them here." I ordered.
The three pick up the assassins and drop them right on our feet without a care.
Merlin looks down at the trio with a sickeningly sweet smile, an ominous aura surrounding
her body. "I'm sorry, exactly who were you calling an 'old hag' again?"
The members of Takashi's group (including even Alice and Zeke) could only shake their
heads at the trio's stupidity.
Even someone who knew nothing of Merlin would think twice before calling her an 'old hag'
to her face like that.

'She's acting like Goodwitch now.' Amber shudders, recalling how the last time someone
called the deputy headmistress that word, he immediately quit the academy and left the
kingdom, never to return.
Merlin then turned to me. "Honey, do you think I'm old?"
'Honey?' I sweat dropped but replied nonetheless. "Only a blind man or a jealous bitch would
be stupid enough to call a goddess like you something like that."
"Ugh!" Cinder gags at the sickly show of affection.
Merlin beams and quickly pecks my lips.
"Aw, you're the best!" Merlin says before looking back at the trio. "You won't mind if I
'discipline' these 3, do you~?"
The sweat drop on my head gets bigger. "Actually sweetie, I have something in mind for
them."
Merlin pouts (like actually pouts! It's so cute!) "Fine. But you owe me."
I turned my attention back to Cinder, who was glaring daggers at me like I was the most vile
thing she's seen (and she's not wrong in a way).
"I will tell you nothing. Tell Ozpin that I will never bow to his blindness and hypocrisy!"
Cinder sneers.
[To be fair, she's right about him being a hypocrite]
"... I know you won't. You're too stubborn for your own good." Cinder caught off guard by
my response. "But can the same be said for your pawns?" I said. "Merlin. Cover Alice's eyes
and cast a noise deprivation spell on her."
Merlin quickly moves to cover the little girl's eyes. She then casts a magic bubble around her
head that blocks out any outside noise.
"Now then, a hundred people surveyed, number one answer on the board." I raise [Ace of
Spades] and aim it at Emerald's head. "Name the douchebag who set Amber up."
"C-Cinder…?" An anxious and very scared Emerald calls to her leader, who gives her a glare
saying "Be quiet".
"You won't shoot. A goody-goody Huntress like you don't kill people." Mercury mockingly
remarks.
"Eh-ehh! Time's up!"
*BANG!*
Emerald falls to the ground, with a new smoking hole on her forehead.

You have killed Emerald Sustrei! You have gained 2,300 EXP! You have earned 1,600
Credits!
"OH MY GOD!" "HOLY SHIT!" The younger girls collectively shout as their crush commits
cold-blooded murder before their eyes.
"Y-You actually killed her!" A shocked Mercury exclaims.
Cinder stares wide-eyed at the unexpected action.
"Hundred people surveyed, number one answer still on the board." I now aim at Mercury.
"Name the douchebag who set Amber up!"
"It was Lionheart! It was Leonardo Lionheart!" Mercury broke, screaming the headmaster's
name.
"WHAT!?" Amber yells in disbelief.
[Wow. I did not expect him to sing like a canary]
"You fool!" Cinder shrieks at the assassin.
I smile at his honesty. "See? That wasn't so hard."
*BANG!*
Mercury falls to the ground, dead.
You have killed Mercury Black! You have gained 2,800 EXP! You have earned 2,000
Credits!
"You mons-" Cinder doesn't finish as I pistol-whip her. Hypocrite much?
"Now then, I think there's been a misunderstanding here." I rest the gun on my shoulder.
"See, I don't work for Ozpin. The last thing I wanna do is work for that lying, arrogant,
treacherous, self-entitled, hero wannabe piece of shit. But your boss is no better, her words
are like earworms that dig their way into your brain and make you buy her bullshit."
"Then why the hell are you involved? If you know my mistress, then you know what a big
mistake it is to get in her way. If you kill me, there'll be nowhere to run from the queen's
wrath!" Cinder exclaims with a grin, hoping to see the fear in her eyes, only to be shocked by
her laughter.
"That's what I'm counting on, idiot. And who said I was gonna kill you? Death is a mercy
compared to what Salem will do to you once you tell her of your failure." Cinder pales as my
words sink in. "But first, let's show her how serious I am."
I grab Cinder's left arm… and rip it right out of its socket with ease.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Cinder wails in absolute agony.

"HOLY CRAP!" Saya pales at the stream of blood bursting from her stump.
I let go of her arm letting it fall next to me before I ignited it with fire, quickly turning into
ashes. I then do the same to Cinder's stump, cauterize the wound and leave 3rd degree burns
around the left side of her torso.
"Y-You…!" Cinder tries to say something but is overwhelmed with crippling pain.
"My name is Cinderella Gray." My serene smile shakes Cinder to her core.
"Basically… run."
Cinder gets up and makes a run for it, clutching her burned stump and limping in pain.
I watch Cinder run with a satisfied smile on my face.
[That was… very cruel of you. I approve]
"W-Why?" I turn to a panicked Rei. "Why did you kill them? What was the point of it?"
"The point was to assert who was truly in control." I cooly replied. "Even if they had
answered earlier, I would have still killed them."
"Why?" This time it was Saya who asked.
"Because in Remnant, they don't give a shit about circumstances. If you get in their way, you
will be removed without hesitation. They will manipulate you, mislead you, torture you, and
finally they will break you. And once they see that you have nothing left, that is when they
end your life." I said.
"Yet you let one go, thereby revealing our existence to Salem." Merlin points out the error in
my logic.
"A simple power play. I want Salem to know who is responsible for delaying her plans." I
said. "From there, Salem will use every resource available to find out everything about me,
from my background to my parentage." I smirked. "Sadly, she won't find anything on
'Cinderella Gray', which will drive Salem up the wall."
Notice: Perk [Conqueror] has activated.
In a flash of light, Emerald Sustrei appears next to her corpse, alive.
Name: Emerald Sustrei
Title: Emerald Thief, Street Urchin
Affiliation: Asmodeus (Servant)
Alignment: Neutral Evil
Race: Human

Level: 28
HP: 3,677
MP: 0
SP: 3,201
AP: 3,767
Background: [Expand]
Strengths: [Expand]
Weakness: [Expand]
Personal thoughts: none
Reputation: 100 (Absolute Faith)
Affection: 100 (Eternal Soulmate)
Unique Skill: Hallucinations
Ultimate Skill: none
Special Status: Servant (Permanent)
Emerald opens her eyes. "Where… am I?" Her eyes shoot wide as she recognizes the people
in front of her. "YOU!"
"Welcome back to the land of the living." I quipped. "How did it feel to have your brains
blown out? Painful I bet."
Emerald moves back but that's when she steps on something. She looks down and is horrified
to see herself lying on the floor dead.
"W-What? H… how am I down there?!" Emerald stammers in surprise. She isn't the only one
as everyone else is shocked by her sudden revival.
"It's an ability of mine. It gives a 20% chance of reviving anyone I defeat as my servant. And
lucky for you, you are in the 20%." I smiled. "Congratulations! Now you're my servant for
the rest of eternity."
"Y-You're lying!" Emerald denied, but I simply kept my smile.
"Kneel." I said and Emerald kneels, much to her shock. "Stand." She stands. "Run." She
runs. "Stop." She stops. "Come back." She returns to her original position. "Is that proof
enough for you? I own you, Emerald; body and soul forever."
Emerald is horrified but what he said next solidifies his ownership of her.

"By my decree, Emerald Sustrei, you will submit to me and my being. You will not
rebel, you will not strike at the innocent, you will not raise your blade against me, you
will not do ANYTHING without asking permission from me or my wives. You are
required to protect those I see as allies, you will defend my home, you will submit the
full cusp of your entire being to your master in the name of Asmodeus until your dying
breath." I declared.
Emerald face cringes as the decree is fully engraved into her being, her head doubles forward,
like a puppet whose strings were cut. This only lasts for a moment as Emerald raises her head
and looks at me with a loving smile.
"Master." Emerald, her voice full of love and adoration as she bows. "I am ready to serve
you."
I blink at how subservient Emerald is acting. 'This is different from last time.'
[That's because Cell, Bloodman, and August were much stronger than Emerald. They
were able to resist your orders to a degree, but eventually their resistance completely
eroded away. In the case of Emerald, who's a weak-willed girl who would follow anyone
who offered her warm meal and a roof over her head, the effects on your orders will be
much more powerful to the point they'll overwrite her personality]
"Stand with me Emerald." The girl quickly obeys and stands next to me. "Hakai." The two
corpses are surrounded in a purple aura before they subsequently turn to dust.
I turn to Merlin. "Alright Merlin. You can stop now."
Merlin undoes the spell and lets go of Alice's face.
"For a second, I thought you were gonna order her to do ecchi things." Saeko bluntly said.
"Gee, thanks." I deadpanned. "But jokes aside, this is the first time something like this
happened." I glance at my new servant. "Normally, the servants would retain their original
personality, but it seems that Emerald's has been completely rewritten."
"You have others?" Rei asks.
"About 3 if I remember. They're all pretty strong, though their personalities leave much to be
desired." I said, remembering Cell's arrogance, August's callousness, and Bloodman's, well,
bloodlust.
"Hold on a sec! You mentioned 'wives' when you gave Emerald that order. As in you're
married, and to more than ONE!? You never mentioned that!" Saya exclaims in surprise.
"To be fair, you guys never asked me. Plus I'm both part demon and dragon, so having a
harem comes with the territory." I said.
"Is our teacher one of your wives?" Saeko asked.

"Yup." I confirmed. "Though we never had sex, and didn't kiss often. A lot of shit was going
on at the time that kept us all busy."
"Why didn't you say anything!?" Rei sneered.
"Because I didn't know how you'd all react. And because I wasn't sure if she was okay." I
retort before calming down. "But now that my powers are back, I can sense her Ki across the
dimensions and she's okay." But that made me realize something. "But if I can sense her, then
the others should be able to sense me too. So why haven't they come to pick me up?"
*CAW!*
Everyone turns to the sky and sees a bird flying in circles.
"It's a bird!" Alice said.
"Technically that's a crow." Saya clarifies.
'It's him.' I watch the bird flying above us.
"That's not a regular crow, that Qrow Branwen." Amber says in realization.
"What kind of bird is called Crow Branwen?" Saya asks in confusion.
"His name is Qrow with a 'Q', not a 'C' Saya, stupid I know. And he's an elite Huntsman; one
of the best around." I look back at the sky. "He's using transfiguration magic to transform into
an actual crow, which is perfect when you want to do reconnaissance while hiding in plain
sight."
"You sure know a lot about him." Amber comments.
"I make it my business to know famous people, especially if they're as 'gifted' as our avian
friend." I said.
The crow dives towards us before it transforms into a person. He's a man in his mid-30s with
pale skin, graying black, spiky hair that looks like it's composed entirely of feathers, faded
red eyes, and slight stubble along his jawline. Along with a red, tattered cloak, he wears a
gray dress shirt with a long tail, black dress pants and black dress shoes. In an old picture of
him with his former team, Qrow looked exactly the same but lacked stubble. He also wears a
ring on his right index finger, two other rings on his right ring finger and a necklace with a
crooked cross-shaped pendant. Strapped on his back is his iconic [Harbinger] in its portable
mode, with the top half of the blade having been retracted into its base.
Name: Qrow Branwen
Title: Drunkle Qrow, Old Man, Bad Luck Charm, Dusty Old Crow, Elite Huntsman,
Mr. Brewery, Freeloader
Affiliation: Branwen Tribe (Former), Team STRQ (Former), Ozpin's Circle

Alignment: Neutral Good
Race: Human
Level: 40
HP: 6,777
MP: 1,123
SP: 6,680
AP: 5,441
Background: The younger twin brother of Raven Branwen, Qrow was raised as part of
an infamous tribe of bandits known as the Branwen tribe. He and his sister were sent to
Beacon to train as Huntsman as a means of understanding how they operated and their
weaknesses, where the siblings met Taiyang Xiao Long and Summer Rose to form Team
STRQ, the best Huntsman team of their generation and one of the best to ever exist in
Remnant. Their prowess and success quickly drew the attention of Ozpin, who recruited
the 4 as members of his inner circle, with Qrow and Raven receiving the ability to
shapeshift into their namesakes from Ozpin for the sake of reconnaissance. Qrow grew
to genuinely appreciate his time as a Huntsman and renounce his past heritage as a
bandit as he built his career as one of Remnant's greatest Elite Huntsman and fought
Salem in secret. He would later become an uncle to his nieces Yang Xiao Long and Ruby
Rose, becoming an important mentor figure to Ruby and a valued family member upon
Raven abandoning her family and Summer's death.
Strengths: As one of the best and most respected Elite Huntsman in all of Remnant,
Qrow is an accomplished combatant who is highly proficient and experienced in both
melee and long-ranged combat as a swordsman, scythe-wielder, and a marksman via his
mecha-shifting weapon [Harbinger]. His Semblance makes him a particularly
dangerous opponent against any foe, whether in one-on-one or against multiple enemies,
due to the effects it can have on individuals and their performance or on their
surroundings. His past as a teacher at Signal Academy and his vast experience as a
veteran Huntsman also make him an accomplished mentor for any aspiring Huntsman.
Weakness: Qrow's Semblance often acts as a double-edged sword. It indiscriminately
affects those around him and the effects on the surroundings, occasionally undermining
allies as well due to an inability to control his Semblance, with even Qrow himself
occasionally experiencing bad luck as a result. This also caused Qrow to often keep his
distance from others out of concern for his Semblance affecting them or potential
ostracization as a consequence, eventually causing him to form a pessimistic attitude
that disguises his depression and survivor's guilt, leading to his alcoholism.
Personal thoughts: Who are these guys and why are they so close to Amber? And damn,
what did that woman have to eat to get an ass and tits like that! I wonder if she's single?
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)

Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Misfortune, Transfiguration
Ultimate Skill: none
Affliction: Intoxication
[Misfortune]
Qrow's Semblance. Causes bad luck around him and unlike most Semblances, it's
eternally active and can never turn off. Its effects can lead to incidents as small as a
glass being knocked onto the floor or or as significant as impacting an entire fight. It
does not discriminate against friend or foe, which causes him to keep his distance from
the people he cares about. He can also choose to amplify his Semblance in a fight
increasing the chance of his opponent getting hurt. This can be an advantage to him
against unprepared opponents, but he is forced to fight alone so as to not cause
problems for his allies.
[Transfiguration]
Allows the user to completely alter their form and appearance into whatever they
choose. However, because of Ozpin's limited magic, Qrow is locked into using a corvid.
"Are you okay, Amber? Ozpin was worried something might've happened to you." Qrow
asked the Fall Maiden.
"I'm fine, Qrow. I was almost ambushed by some of Salem's followers, but they were
defeated thanks to my new friends here. And before you ask, yes, they know about Salem,
but they knew about her even before I met them." Amber replied, causing Qrow's eyes to
widen in surprise as he looked at the rest of us.
"Thanks for saving my ward. The name's Qrow, Qrow Branwen." Qrow introduces himself.
"A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Branwen. You may call me Merlin." Merlin flashes a beautiful
smile.
"Miyamoto Rei."
"Busujima Saeko."
"Takagi Saya."
"Alice!"
"Woof!" Zeke barks.
"Hm, Mistrallian. Last-name-first introductions aren't seen often, even within kingdom
walls." Qrow comments before turning his attention to me. "And I'm guessing you're the
leader of this ragtag group of ladies."

"My name is Cinderella Gray. And what makes you think I'm the leader?" I ask. Merlin could
easily pass for leader.
"It's the way you carry yourself. Team leaders often have this air of confidence, and they
typically have a presence that makes everyone look and listen to you." Qrow replies.
[Well, you were a team leader before you were killed. And you do have traits that affect
your presence]
"While I'm grateful to all of you for helping Amber, who are you people and how do you
know about Salem?" Qrow asked in suspicion, eyeing each of them analytically for any
sudden moves. The sexy bombshell aside, they are certainly an odd collection of girls, with
most of them appearing the same age or a little older than his nieces. The little girl and the
dog were particularly unusual in Qrow's eyes.
"We're just people who know our way around a fight. As for your other question, it's personal
and it's none of your business. Tell Ozpin that when you get back." I nearly spat, making
Qrow's eyebrow furrow.
"What's with the attitude kid? I just wanna know how you came across that name." Only
those in the circle knew of Salem, and any information about her was kept under heavy lock
by the headmasters. The fact that random strangers know about her means that they've been
somehow compromised.
"Look, you seem like a good guy Qrow, but you shouldn't put your faith in a man like Ozpin.
He isn't who you think he is, especially when he has so many secrets that they're the size of
Menagerie." I said.
"You sound just like my sister, you know that?" Qrow grumbles. "I know Ozpin's not perfect,
but he's a good man. He's been fighting Salem for a long time, and all our efforts stop her
from ending the world as we know it."
"Really? Then why hasn't he found a way to stop her? When he's had literal EONS to think of
something." I point out. "Matter of fact, why don't we discuss the untold number of graves
he's filled? Including those of his own kids. Or how he has literal god-given artifacts but
refuses to use any of them?"
Qrow's eyes widen at the mention of "god-given artifacts". "You know about the Relics? Who
told you?"
"Don't change the subject. The point is, your boss is a secretive, manipulative, misleading
asshole who gives people false hope." I exclaim. "And let's face it, he has lost all hope in
defeating Salem and simply settles in keeping her at bay with an eternal stalemate. And even
overlooking that, not everyone associated with him is trustworthy either."
"What do you mean?" Qrow narrows his eyes at the altered girl.
"Spoilers~" I quipped.

"Whatever. I'm still taking Amber with me. Let's go kid." He reaches out for Amber, but she
takes a step back. "Kid?"
"No, Qrow. I can't go with you." Amber said. "After this, I don't think I can go back to
Beacon. I still need to find the one who set me up."
"And we will. But we need to get you home, you're not safe out here." Qrow argues.
"I'm not sure if it's safe anywhere these days." Amber retorts. "I mean, I'm one of six people
in the world who can use magic, I'm being hunted because of said magic, I'm the key to an
artifact I've never seen before, and to top it all off we got the Brotherhood and Black Order to
deal with."
I arch an eyebrow at the last two name drops. 'The Brotherhood and the Black Order. I
remember hearing about them. The Black Order is supposedly a myth; a cult that worships
the Grimm. The Brotherhood of the White Fang, on the other hand, are basically Remnant's
version of the Decepticons.'
After the merger, I gained access to more of Azule's memories. In particular missions
surrounding attacks done by the Brotherhood. The grunts he and his team fought were
vicious, ruthless, and zealously loyal to their cause.
The White Fang in this universe started out the same as in canon: a civil rights organization
working for equality and fair treatment for Faunus through cooperation and nonviolent
protests. However, there was one key difference between the two of them.
The death of the leader's wife, Kali Belladonna.
In one of their rallies, a human extremist got close to Ghira and detonated a home-made Dust
bomb, but Kali pushed Ghira at the last second before being completely consumed by the
powerful blast, meaning there was no body to even bury. And like with many good and wellintended individuals throughout the multiverse, this single tragic event had changed Ghira
and the White Fang in the WORST possible way.
Ghira, twisted by the grief of losing his wife and his anger at humanity for this horrific crime
against the oppressed Faunus who simply wanted to be treated fairly and equally, had
essentially become a combination of Injustice Superman, Pein from Naruto, and Megatron
from Transformers. He is a cold, ruthless, and aggressive man who reformed his initially
well-intended organization into a brutal military regime hellbent on forcing change and
taking control by any means, including forcibly conscripting Faunus to their cause and
committing all manner of terrorism and atrocities across Remnant.
Menagerie, which had previously been the unofficial 5th Kingdom of Remnant and one of the
few Faunus safe havens, has been turned into the newly-christened Brotherhood's city-state
thanks to Ghira's position as chieftain, with Kuo Kuana serving as its capital.
He didn't have much, if any, serious opposition when the change occurred, not only because
of the respect he already commanded in Faunus communities throughout Remnant and the
brewing resentment for millennia of persecution, but also with the death of Kali only drawing

more outrage from Faunus and support for the change. Though how many Faunus truly
supported the organization as it grew increasingly darker and now forced Faunus to either
support them or die was unclear.
[As if Remnant wasn't dangerous already, now we have cultists and Faunus-Decepticons
to worry about. Plus, there's no telling what kind of side effects the Genesis Wave had
on this universe]
'We can worry about that later. I just wanna see everyone again.' I said. The faster I can move
on, the closer I can get to see my girls, and this old man's stubbornness is starting to grate on
my nerves.
"Amber, think of what you're doing. You can't expect a bunch of strangers you just met to
protect you. They don't know what they're doing." Qrow reasoned.
"And yet we did your job in record time and with total finesse." Saya chimed, which
frustrated the dusty Huntsman.
"You don't know what you're getting into, kid. Salem isn't someone you want to mess with."
Qrow told her.
"Then you should know that we've fought enemies much more ruthless and powerful."
Merlin said.
"Do you trust me Qrow?" Amber's question catches Qrow off guard.
"Of course I do." He instantly replies.
"Then please trust that I'll be okay with them. They can protect me, keep me safe." Amber
pleads to her guardian.
"But…" "What about your family, Qrow? When was the last time you contacted or even seen
your nieces?" Amber interrupts him, causing Qrow to flinch at the question.
Qrow looks down, ashamed. "Things have been rough for them, but I know they're okay.
They're strong just like their parents." He looks up at Amber with burning resolve. "I've
already lost too many people. I don't want you to be one of those people."
"Qrow…" Amber breathes out in frustration.
"Fuck this. This is getting us nowhere." I step forward catching everyone off guard.
"Stay out of this little lady." Qrow warned.
My eyes glow blue. "You do not want to stop us."
Qrow's eyes widened as they gained a blue glow. "I do not want to stop you."
"!?" Everyone is shocked by what (s)he's doing.

"You will tell Ozpin that Amber is heading to Argus, where she plans to stay for a
while." I said.
"I will tell Ozpin that Amber is heading to Argus, where she plans to stay for a while." Qrow
robotically repeats.
"When I snap my fingers, you will fly back to where you came and you will remember
none of this." I snap my fingers.
Qrow turns around and walks a little before turning into his crow form and flies upwards.
Skill Level Up!
[Absolute Psionic LVL. 2/100]
"What the hell was that!?" I turn around to meet a very shocked group of girls.
"I hypnotized him." I calmly answered.
"Yeah, we noticed." Saya acknowledges the obvious. "What I wanna know is how you did
it!?"
"Remember my [Ascension]? It upgraded a number of abilities, including my psychic
powers. Originally, I only used it to manipulate things around me with my mind." I
explained.
"But now you can hypnotize people." Saeko surmises.
"Well yes, and also read minds, manipulate matter, energy, reality, and so on." I list off,
surprising everybody.
"Are you a god?" A dumbstruck Amber asks the genderbent player.
"I mean, I guess? I don't see myself as one though." I shrug.
"You're right. You're too much of a blockhead to even act godly." Saya said.
I sweat drop. "Thanks for your vote of confidence."
[She's not wrong. I doubt you'd become one of those parasitic, self-entitled, piece-of-shit
deities who think everything should be handed to them on a silver platter just because
they have some divinity. Sure you may be selfish, greedy and a bit of a dumbass, but you
have at least kept your human heart after everything you've been through and that's a
plus in my book]
"In any case, we should keep going and get to the town Amber mentioned before. The longer
we stay out here, the more likely we are to attract Grimm." I told the others.
"I agree. It's best we find shelter before it gets dark or Grimm starts to show up." Amber says,
drawing nods of agreement from the others.

"We could definitely use the rest after everything we had to deal with in the Ever After and
after arriving here. And I imagine at least some of us are hungry." Merlin notes, with Alice's
stomach grumbling in response.
Alice tugs my sleeve. "Angel-nii-san, I'm hungry."
Zeke whining in agreement.
"Don't worry you two, we will eat soon." I reassure her.
"So, how long will it take to arrive at this town Amber mentioned? I hope we don't have to
camp out tonight." Saya asked. She and her friends were no strangers to camping or
scavenging for food and shelter since their world was ravaged by zombies, even if they got a
break from it while in the Ever After, but she would prefer staying somewhere like an inn
rather than camping if given a choice.
"If we keep the pace, we should arrive in town in 10 minutes." Amber says as she leads us to
the town she mentioned.
I look down at Alice. "Do you think you can last for 10 minutes, Alice?"
"Mhm!" Alice quickly nods and I smile.
"Here." I create a purple cloak and give it to Merlin. "This should avoid anything
unpleasant."
"Are you ashamed of me?" Merlin coyly asks.
"Nope. I just don't want random men to ogle your sexy body (that's my right!)" I whispered
the last part under my breath.
Merlin smiles in amusement and dons the cloak, though it was in vain as it didn't hide her
gravity-defying breasts.
We walk through the road and climb up and down the hills. Thankfully, no one was tired
thanks to their enhanced stamina, though I found myself carrying Alice by my shoulders
because she asked.
Merlin and the other girls were tempted to fly to the town rather than walk since all of us
except Amber and Emerald could, but I quickly point out that flying wasn't exactly normal on
Remnant outside of vehicles or certain types of Faunus, so we had to walk instead to avoid
scrutiny.
Speaking of Emerald, she quickly adjusted to our little group and was casually conversing
with the other girls, who quickly opened up and treated her well, her status as my servant
being irrelevant at the moment.
Eventually, we see the town gate coming up in the distance and we arrive. The town was
bigger than a village, with solid buildings and buzzing with activity.

We head into the town square, with a water fountain in its center.
Amber extends her arms out. "Welcome to the town of Serena."
"Wow!" Alice looks around in awe at the shops and houses.
"There's… so many people." Rei mutters. It's been so long since she's seen people walk about
like this… lively, without the danger of zombies.
Amber steps forward. "I'll go find us a place to stay. You guys have fun."
As Amber walks away, the group quickly look at each other. "So what do you girls wanna do
first?"
*Grooooowl~*
The HOTD girls blush in embarrassment and Merlin and I chuckle.
"Looks like it's decided then." Merlin remarks.
"Come on girls, let's find a restaurant. And don't hesitate to get whatever you want. I got
plenty of money." I reassured them, much to their joy.
It didn't take us long to find a restaurant, and a fast-food one at that. Not the classiest or
sophisticated of food, sure, but not like we were looking for anything fancy anyways. And
given that there wasn't exactly an abundance of Japanese-style cuisine on Remnant and
Merlin likely needing exposure to more 'modern' foods for future travels, it seemed like the
best option.
And thankfully the burgers were DELICIOUS!
"Oh god, I forgot how good burgers were." Rei says in content as she takes another bite of
her burger.
"This burger is so yummy! Zeke likes his burger too!" Alice cheers, with Zeke briefly
barking in confirmation as he eats the meat of his small burger. Since the restaurant permits
pets, we got him some food too.
"So, this is a burger. It's actually pretty good." Merlin notes in amazement, this being the first
time she ever had a burger. "Is this dish considered normal here on Remnant?"
"In the major cities and larger towns, yes. In villages or other smaller settlements, not so
much." I answered. "And it's not just Remnant. Burgers are pretty common in many
universes, and there are plenty of other delicious dishes that you won't find in Britannia."
"Hm." Merlin hums in interest as she eats her burger. It was better to get her accustomed to
this sort of thing, given how many universes often had its major situations and prominence
tied to either Japan or America.

Just then, Amber walks in and quickly walks up to our table. "Hey, how's the food? Pretty
good, right?"
"Yup! Way better than preserved rations." Saya exclaimed.
"Mind if I join you? I could use a bite to eat." Amber said.
With that, Amber orders her food and joins us. We talked and joked around on the table.
Emerald revealed some of her past to us, how she was abandoned as a child and grew up on
the streets, stealing to survive when she bit off more than she could chew and was almost
caught until Cinder came along and saved her, staying by her side and following all of her
orders. That is until she was liberated by her master which led her to now.
Amber started to talk more about the Maidens and more about Ozpin. Merlin in particular
was interested in its specific mechanics.
"A magic that passes on from one host to another, and it can only be transferred upon death."
Merlin states.
"Yes. The magic would go to a random host or to the last person in the Maiden's final
thoughts. But it'll always go to a woman without fail." Amber said.
"I see." Merlin said. 'Jaune already gave me a vague description of this world's magic. In
Britannia, there are cases where Magic Power is inherited, but they are not necessarily
identical. Based on Amber's statement, this 'Maiden Magic' seems symbiotic in its nature,
instantly jumping from host to host the moment they die, and having a person in their final
thoughts gives this power a target instead of going to a random person. What's more peculiar
about it is how picky it is with its hosts; all of them being women.'
"Why are all of the hosts female? Can't males inherit the magic?" Merlin asks.
"I'm not completely sure why they are exclusively women. If we went by the fairy tale, it's
because the 4 people originally chosen were all female. There might be another reason, such
as making it somewhat easier to find successors by making the Maidens exclusively one
gender or because Ozpin decided to do so as a memento to his late 4 daughters, but I'm not
sure." I pondered. "Aside from Ozpin and his past lives, no male on Remnant has ever
possessed magic. Not since the first age of humanity, at least. I'm technically an exception,
but that was due to exclusive, extenuating circumstances that make me one-of-a-kind."
It was the truth, there was no in-depth reason as to why Ozpin designated that the 4 magic
users known as the Maidens would exclusively be women, though I also theorized it was
because canon's eventual endgame would involve Team RWBY inevitably becoming the 4
Maidens, as it was too convenient that there were 4 female teammates with each representing
a season to be dubbed a coincidence.
But if that were the case, then that would unfortunately mean that Winter and Raven, along
with any other potential friends who acquired the power beforehand, would ultimately die in
the end.

"Wait, Ozpin was the wizard who originally created the 4 Maidens? And he had daughters?
And what do you mean by the first age of humanity?" Amber says in surprise and confusion.
It was understandable, as Ozpin rarely if ever went too in-depth about his past and his role in
certain historical events, even in regards to those in his inner circle, due to not wanting others
to know the true nature of his connection to Salem and his lack of a cohesive plan to
permanently end her.
"There's a lot more to Ozpin, Salem, the 4 Maidens, and the 4 Relics than you might think.
And it also ties into the story of the Brother Gods who created the world and humanity as
well." I said, drawing everyone's attention. "Why do you think I was so insistent on not
meeting or working with Ozpin? He's not the person you think him to be."
"How do you know so much about Ozpin?" Amber asks, and the others were interested as
well.
[This was bound to happen sooner or later. It's your fault for not keeping your mouth
shut]
"I'll tell you, but not here. This stuff is too sensitive for wayward ears to hear." I glance at
bystanders eating and walking around.
"Then let's head to the hotel. We can discuss it there." Saeko suggests and everyone nods.
After finishing our food, I paid the bill; 57.98 Lien. Amber then led us to the hotel that she
found and reserved rooms for us.
It wasn't anything super-fancy, but definitely a step or 2 above the average inn in terms of
both quality and size.
"I have good news and bad news. The good news is that the hotel is able to accommodate all
of us. But the bad news is that there were only 2 rooms left available to reserve." Amber
sheepishly says while rubbing her head.
Everyone picked up on the problem she was implying: since everyone aside from me was a
real girl, it meant that a girl's only room might be a little cramped to accommodate all of
them.
"That won't be an issue, Amber. I can share a room with Asmodeus." Merlin says while
giving a sultry look.
This caused me to smirk in amusement at what she was implying. The other girls, however,
were flustered at the implications, with only Alice being unaware of it.
"Y-you're gonna share a room with him?!" Saya stammered in surprise and secretly jealousy,
which was shared with Rei and Saeko. "You're not gonna do anything indecent, are you?!"
"We're adults, Saya. Whether or not anything happens is up to us." I flatly remind her.
"... lucky bitch." Saeko whispers under her breath.

"In any case, let's go to your room first so we can discuss the truth about Ozpin and Salem in
private." I told them, drawing nods of understanding from the others.
We checked in and went up to our rooms; the decor was simple but pleasant to look at but
what took us by surprise were the beds: they were king size, with enough room for at least 3
people to sleep on.
"Wow." Saya said what was on everyone's minds.
Alice and Zeke run in and jump on the bed. "It's so nice!" The two then start jumping on the
bed.
I close the door behind me and secretly cast a silencing spell. "Okay Alice, settle down now."
Alice and Zeke soon stop jumping and everyone quickly takes their seats around the room.
"So, are you going to tell us what you know?" Saya asks from her chair, legs crossed.
"Sure, but tell me," I lean against the dresser. "What is your favorite fairy tale?"
The question is met with silence.
"... really? You're gonna start off by pulling an Oz?" An unamused Amber said.
I giggle. "Sorry. I just couldn't help myself." I put a hand up to my face and smoothly slick
my hair back. "But rather than tell, how about I show it to you?"
I exhale and black smoke quickly spreads everywhere. The girls realize that they're no longer
in a hotel room but in a black void of sorts.
"Once upon a time. There stood a lonely tower," Black smoke swirled around creating a
castle. "That sheltered a lonely girl." The fog dispersed the castle and remade the image to a
beautiful blonde woman doing her hair in the mirror.
"Named Salem."
(AN: KING CRIMSON!)
"And that's the real story. Quite tragic, isn't it?" I stare at everyone with faces of shock and
horror in their faces.
"Tragic…? That's not tragic, I… I don't know what to call that." A pale Rei remarks, still
trying to process it all.
Saya hugs her trembling body.
Alice starts to cry and hugs Saeko for comfort.
Merlin is just as shocked but for a different reason. 'A tale of two lovers separated by death,
and in her grief attempts to fight the gods only for the lovers to end up cursed for eternity. It's

like watching history repeat itself, except with the immortal lovers now hating each other and
turning the entire world into their battlefield.' She thought. 'If things had been different,
would the same had happened to Brittannia?'
"That… THAT PIECE OF SHIT!" Everyone turns to Amber as she bursts into flames. "HE
LIED TO ME! HE LIED TO MY FUCKING FACE!"
Everyone else flinches at her reaction, but to me it's perfectly natural.
She's the Fall Maiden that from a young age has been under the care of Ozpin as well as a
member of his inner circle. Like everyone under his employ, Ozpin filled her head with
delusions that she was important and that she was going to change the world. In reality
though, she was nothing more than a placeholder for the magic that Ozpin had no control
over, and a key to an artifact that could potentially end the world that his ex-wife is feverishly
after.
She was just as shocked and horrified as everyone else, but she felt something just as strong,
if not stronger: rage.
"I can't believe it. All of it. All of the suffering and endless war with the Grimm is because
the Brother Gods couldn't make an exception to the rules and had fragile egos, with Salem
deciding that destroying Remnant was the best way to end her immortality? And Ozpin has
led us all this time while knowing Salem can't be destroyed?!" Amber roars as tears begin to
roll off her face. "I've lost so much… family, friends… my whole life because I thought it
was worth the sacrifice. Now I know that it meant nothing. I'm just another nameless pawn
that'll be cast aside once it's done its job."
Everyone looks at Amber with sympathy as she continues to cry, the flames surrounding her
slowly dimming.
"Now you know the truth. While Salem undeniably needs to be stopped, Ozpin is just as
morally grey as his hair." I said, drawing back all their attention. "To some extent, I can
understand why he doesn't share this knowledge with anyone. Not everyone handles the truth
well or in the same way, not to mention people often believe what they WANT to believe.
And I can understand wanting to give everyone a chance to live rather than just surrendering
to destruction, even if they have to fight for it. But it doesn't change the fact that he has
misled everyone in this fight with Salem."
"Is this why you changed your appearance and went by the alias 'Cinderella Gray'?" Saeko
asked in curiosity.
"Well yes, but there's another reason for it." I said. "We're not just in the past, we're
in my past, meaning that somewhere in the kingdom of Mistral, my past self and his team are
running around doing missions. And the last thing I want is to run into him and cause a whole
lot of problems."
"Because it'll cause a paradox that would erase you from existence." Saya says and everyone
gives her a funny look. "What? It's basic sci-fi knowledge, everyone knows that."

"It's worse than that. I'm a complex space-time event. My existence wraps reality around me
without even needing to make explicit alterations." I said. "If anyone found out my identity,
they would immediately trace it back to my past self and they would kill him. And while I'd
be safe from the ensuing paradox, the same can't be said for everything else. It could tear the
fabric of reality, kill the concept of time itself, or just cancel out existence all together." My
expression turns darker. "I also did it so that Leonardo Lionheart doesn't get any ideas. That
cowardly bitch snitches everything to Salem."
"Didn't that grey-haired guy that tried to ambush us earlier mention that Lionheart guy? I
remember Jaune mentioning him in the Ever After, too." Saya inquires upon remembering the
name.
"He's the Headmaster of Haven Academy, the primary Huntsman Academy of the continent
of Anima, which is also the location of the [Lamp of Knowledge]. He's also a member of
Ozpin's circle, but unbeknownst to everyone else, Leonardo is a traitor." I spoke with venom
in my voice. "Despite being perceived as brave and noble like his namesake, he's actually a
fucking coward who will do anything to avoid dying, a trait that Salem exploits
wholeheartedly after he learned the truth. It's why he's secretly working with Salem by
helping her slowly cull the number of Huntsmen across Anima, either by giving their
coordinates or sending them on suicide missions. And obviously he won't hesitate to give
other information, like the location of the Maidens."
"So it was true?! He sold me out to Salem?! And did you say he was killing off Huntsman in
Mistral?!" Amber says in horror and outrage.
"Not directly, but yes. It helps Salem operate more easily in the continent while also
undermining humanity's ability to work together and slowly eroding their spirit." I walk
towards Amber and gently grab her shoulders. "I'm sorry you had to learn the truth this way,
but it was necessary. You need to know the truth of the world."
"But why? Why tell me all of this?" Amber asks, a mix of anger and pain visible on her face.
"So that you can make a choice, one that you can truly make for yourself." I replied. "Plus,
Ozpin made a mistake."
Amber blinks. "What?"
"Yeah what?" Saya said.
"When Ozpin asked Jinn how he could defeat Salem, she said that he couldn't. But that's
it. Ozpin can't defeat Salem." I clarified.
Merlin smiles as she quickly figures it out. "I see. That was an oversight on the old man's
part."
"Can somebody explain what that means?" Rei asks the two, having a hard time keeping up
with what they're thinking.

"It's the words, Rei. Ozpin worded his question wrong. What he should have asked was 'how
can Salem be defeated?' Had he done this, a very different outcome would have occurred." I
said, drawing looks of understanding from the HOTD girls.
"Wow. I didn't think of that." Saya said, surprised that she didn't realize it sooner.
"There's no telling who or what the answer is, but I honestly doubt Jinn could have foreseen
my existence in this world." I said. "And I've got legitimate methods to potentially deal with
Salem, whether with abilities that can destroy even immortal beings or in sealing spells."
"I also doubt that this spirit could have foreseen my existence either." Merlin adds as she
manifests multiple orbs of elemental magic around her. "And while I'm not on the same level
as you in terms of power, I do have access to countless forms of magic, including sealing
magic. Meaning I can help as well."
"You're not alone, Amber-san." Amber turns to Saeko. "Whatever you choose, we will not
hesitate to help you. We know what it's like to fight against impossible odds just to survive,
so know that we won't abandon you."
"We have other friends from Remnant, and even though this isn't their world, I know that
wouldn't stop them from defending their home." Rei adds.
Saeko and Alice get up in support of the Fall Maiden, with Rei and Saya doing the same with
sympathetic expressions.
"I… I…" Amber was at a loss for words.
"Whatever my master wants, I will be by his side. And it's clear he wants to help Remnant."
Emerald says as she steps up next to me.
At this point, tears were streaming down Amber's face before she pulled both Merlin and I
into a hug.
You have gained 63 REP with Amber Autumn (Strong Friendship)
"T-Thank you. All of you." Amber says, with the HOTD girls and Emerald also joining the
hug and even Zeke affectionately rubbed his head against her leg.
Eventually, we break away from the hug.
"Alright, I think that's enough storytelling for one day. We can discuss what we will do next
tomorrow. For now, let's get some rest." I said, drawing nods from everyone as Merlin and I
left their room.
"That was quite a story. But it would explain a lot of what I've heard and seen since I met
you, Jaune, and Team RWBY in the Ever After." Merlin noted as we headed to our room.
"Yeah no kidding. I know this might not have been what you were expecting when you
decided to come with me, but you'll see and experience all sorts of things along the way; the

good, the bad, cool and strange, etc." I told her as we entered our hotel room, where I
promptly changed back to my normal appearance.
"Well, I suspected it was gonna have surprises and challenges along the way, but I knew it
would be worth it if it meant one thing." Merlin says in a coy manner.
"And what is that?" I say in amusement, picking up the implications and her tone on what
was coming.
Merlin makes her approach with a visible sway as she removes her cloak. "Why don't I show
you~" She reaches for my face and gives me a kiss.
Lemon start
Merlin and I engage in a heavy makeout session, our tongues fighting for dominance as our
hands travel each other's bodies, with me cupping one of her massive L-cup breasts with one
hand while the other firmly squeezing her incredible ass. My actions caused Merlin to moan
into our kiss before my tongue entered her mouth and overpowered her's, increasing her
moans.
I slid my hands into her panties and buried two fingers into her pussy.
"MMM!" Merlin moans as the fingers dig into her wet cunt.
We part and I smile as Merlin desperately tries to hold back her moans.
"Ah! S… slow dow-NN!" Merlin tries to say.
I use my free hand to rip off her top and grab one of her tits and start to suck it, my tongue
directly attacking her nipple.
"A-Az…! Merlin shrieks as I continue to play with her delicious body. "I-I'm cumming!"
Immediately, her juices burst forth like a mighty river. She howls as her body trembles with
ecstasy before her legs buckle and she falls right in front of me.
Merlin looks up, her face flushed as she looks to me with visible arousal. She notices the tent
forming and begins to undo my pants and pulls down underwear, and gets slapped by a hot,
veiny flesh rod.
"It's… big…" Merlin begins to pant at the sight of his cock. Its musky, pungent aroma
emanating from his erect member seemingly puts her in a trance as she eagerly starts to lick
the shaft. She keeps licking as she moves forward until stopping at the tip. She hungrily licks
the precum off before she boldly opens her mouth wide and takes it in, an action that takes
me by surprise.
"Fuck Merlin!" I moan as I can feel her tongue expertly licking every corner of my cock.
She grabs my hips as she takes more of my cock into her mouth. Even just moving slowly
like this, her warm and wet mouth feels incredible. 'I think she might be better than Irene. I

can't even feel my dick hitting her throat.'
She bobs her head up and down on it, sucking greedily while moaning around the thick shaft.
I can practically see the hearts in her eyes as she keeps going back and forth at the same pace,
her warm and wet tongue coiling around my dick as she moves up and down.
"That's it, slut. Suck that dick like you mean it." I growled. I grab Merlin's head with both
hands and bob her head back and forth with ferocity, surprising the sorceress as she feels his
cock going right down her throat and then out over and over. The pleasure intensifies, the
familiar pressure within my loins builds. Feeling this, Merlin redoubles her efforts to please
her man. She adds a bit more suction while twirling her tongue around him in perfect
syncopation with each stroke up and down his shaft until he is completely engulfed by the
warmth of her mouth and throat muscles contracting rhythmically around him like velvet
gloves squeezing tighter with every passing second.
My hand grips her hair a bit as my climax nears. Merlin moans and hums, moving up and
down as fast as she can, her grip on my thighs now quite tight. Likely to keep herself from
losing rhythm.
"Take it! Take it all!" I yell as I bust.
"MMMMMMMMMPH?!" Merlin screams, her voice muffled. Her cheeks puff out like a
squirrel as I erupt seed out into her mouth, but it was too much and it starts to come out
through her nose as well, climaxing in the process.
I slowly pull my dick out of her mouth, causing a wet pop as a stream of white leaks and falls
to the floor. She closes her mouth and starts to slowly swallow my cum, bit by bit. Finally,
she swallows the last of cum and opens her mouth, showing her wet and hot throat.
"Delicious~" Merlin purrs seductively. She wipes a bit of cum from her cheek and licks it off
her finger with her tongue.
'Fuck that's so hot.' I walk up to Merlin.
"Hm?" Before she knows it, I pull her up and throw her into the bed where I quickly climb on
top of her. "Go ahead darling, ravish me!"
I give her a sharp grin and thrust into her wet cunt with one powerful stroke. "Oh fuck!"
Merlin screams in pleasure. I thrust in and out in a steady rhythm, each time pressing against
her cervix, causing her to moan every time. Our hips hit together constantly, sounding wetter
and a bit louder each time they collide.
"Keep going, just like that! Don't stop!" Merlin moans. She wraps her legs around my waist,
urging me to go faster and harder inside of her.
"Damn Merlin, you're tight." I grunt, feeling her flesh walls tightening around my shaft.
"Your cock feels so good. I need you inside me like this everyday! I can't live without you!"
Merlin yells.

"Heh, you really are a slut, aren't you? But that's fine, I love slutty girls like you." I grinned.
"But I wonder how your friends back home will react when they find out." This actually
made her freeze. "Imagine their shock and disgust when they find out that the beautiful and
genius Merlin was being impaled and screaming like a whore to a guy she only knew for less
than a week." I can feel her insides tightenly and my smile grows an inch further. "Oh? Did
you just get turned on by the imagery? You really are a filthy degenerate."
"P-Please don't tell them." A bashful Merlin begs in between moans.
"Maybe I will, maybe I won't~" I purred. "I'm about to cum, slut. Do you want me to fill you
up? Stuff you to the brim so that everyone knows who you belong to?"
"Y-Yes! Please, master! I want you to fill me entirely!" Merlin then feels her Master grab her
head and smash his lips against hers, wilder and more bestial than the last one, with her
Master being in complete control. Her arousal increased by referring to her lover as 'Master'.
Merlin's dark mustard eyes stare squarely at Asmodeus' platinum as she is suddenly attacked
by her 3rd orgasm. Then, after a few more thrusts of his hips into her tight cunt, he came.
Merlin's back arches up like a bridge, her head fully back as she howls in pleasure. Our
bodies both tense up, every muscle locked up at the same time. Her insides practically
strangle my dick as I slam it against her cervix one last time, flooding her cunt with rope after
rope of my seed. I grit my teeth from the overwhelming pleasure, holding tightly onto her
shoulders.
Level up!
At the same time, the [Symbol of the Beast] on her neck burns away, replaced by
Asmodeus' [Mate Mark].
"You're mine now, Merlin." I whisper into her ear.
After a full 10 minutes of non-stop ejaculation, I slowly began to pull my cock out of her
pussy.
"Anh…" She moans softly and her body squirms, cum and other fluids spilling out along
with it. As I do so, I get a pretty good look at Merlin.
Her body is splayed out, her limbs sprawled out, her incredible chest rising and falling with
each audible breath, her eyes gazing into mine with a variety of emotions, her body covered
in sweat, her hair all messy with some stuck to her face, her mouth open and gasping for air,
her legs spread apart, her pussy leaking glob after glob of pure white cum.
[Damn, you made a real mess out of her]
"Even for me, I came a lot. You're just too erotic, Merlin." I said. "You satisfied now?"
"Not… yet…" Merlin rolls around and sticks her ass out. "More. Ram my pussy with your
cock some more!" She pulls her large ass cheeks apart to show her asshole and still dripping

pussy. "I don't mind becoming your toy or slave, just keep fucking me!" She looks at me with
a smile full of lust and pink hearts in her eyes. "Your cock drives me crazy~"
"You… fucking lewd witch!" I grab her hips and thrust my cock back into her pussy, causing
her to scream in ecstasy. "Begging me with such an erotic face! You fucking slut!"
"OOOOOWWWWWUUUU!" Merlin screams as she feels the cock she loves ravaging and
reshaping her insides.
"Fuck, how did you get even tighter than before!? It's like you want suck the life out of me!"
I grunt as I slam the head into her already stuffed womb.
I keep slamming into her cervix with every thrust, causing immeasurable pleasure for Merlin.
She moans loudly with a big and loopy smile on her face from every thrust.
"Ah! Hah! I love it~ Fuck me…! Don't shtoop…~" Merlin howls, tightly grabbing the bed
sheets, and even beginning to bite down on them.
"If you love my cum so much, then I'll gladly fuck you as much as you like!" I yelled.
"Mmmmm, yes~ Fuck me like this everyday~" Merlin yells, sounding barely coherent at this
point.
I thrust harder and faster than before, the iris in my eyes changes to slits as my back feels
hotter and a pair of large devil wings pop out. I then flip Merlin around so I can have a better
look of her face as she's drunk in pleasure and watch her massive tits flapping with every
thrust, smashing her insides with all of my strength.
"I'm about to cum again, tell me where you want it, slut." I said.
"In my pussy! Let me drink lots of your thick milk master!" Merlin begs, her face completely
red now.
"Your wish… is granted! Take it all!" I roar as I thrust in one last time and unleash another
torrent of hot semen into her hungry pussy.
Merlin howls like a banshee as she feels the hot stream entering her, filling her baby room
with even more batter than earlier and causing her stomach to swell as a result.
Level Up!
"Uuuuuuuuu… Uuuuuu…!" Her face is stuck in a perfect ahegao, eyes rolled back and
tongue rolled out. Her mouth is wide open and letting out odd vocalizations. Her face is
covered in sweat, tears, and saliva, some strands of her hair stuck to her face.
As I pull out, Merlin's body spasms, pushing her hips up to give me an eye view of the white
waterfall dripping her stuffed pussy before falling back to bed.
Lemon end

"So… full…" Merlin mewled, breaking free from her pleasure-induced trance as she sees my
cock is still erect and hard as steel. "H-how are you still hard after all that?"
"What can I say? I have stamina for days~. Ready for another round?" I cockily asked with a
smirk.
The black pupils of Merlin's dark mustard eyes turn into pink hearts and seductively licks her
lips. "If you're up for it~"
'Thank goodness I put up sound cancellation barriers in this room, or we would wake up the
whole hotel.' I thought as Merlin and I proceeded to ravish each other all night long, trying
out all manner of different positions and acts.
Morning
I woke up with a feeling of contentment and satisfaction. I look to find Merlin wrapped
around my body and pressing her chest against my, softly snoring with a look of content on
her face.
'That was one helluva night. I definitely needed that after all the stress I've been through.' I
said.
[It was, and hopefully it means you'll get off your ass and have sex more often with your
girls]
'Hey, I had to deal with a crazy demon bitch and her pet wizard trying to reshape the
multiverse! Doesn't exactly give one time to fuck.' I said. 'Speaking of which,' I opened my
status screen.
Name: Azule Asmodeus Rose
Title: The Gamer, Overlord, Hell Walker, Grand Judge, True Demon God, Prime Evil,
Fairy's Ally, Omniversal Dragon God, Master Forger, God of Life and Death, Lord of
Terror, Blade God, Chosen One, Han Jihan's Heir, God of Creation and Destruction,
God of Games, God of Chaos
Race: Omniversal Transcendent
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Level: 2,147
HP: 5,425,440 (542544 per minute)
MP: 4,081,962 (408196 per minute)
SP: 2,713,579 (271358 per minute)
AP: 7,315,988 (731599 per minute)

VIT: 135,636
STR: 134,820
DEX: 135,679
END: 135,679
INT: 241,719
WIS: 243,866
MAG: 136,065
LUK: 135,636
CHA: 135,765
Credits: 5,137,343,532.02
"I went up 7 levels. Neat." I said.
My attention shifted to the sound of moaning, and I saw Merlin waking up.
"Good morning, master~" Merlin purrs in a very satisfied tone.
"Good morning to you too. Did you sleep well?" I ask, causing Merlin to giggle.
"Aside from the soreness between my legs, it was the best night I ever had. I couldn't ask for
anything better, and I couldn't stop thinking of you dominating me~" Merlin replied. "Though
you definitely had FAR more stamina and strength than I thought was possible. I suppose I
should be thankful for this modified body, otherwise I'd be dead right now." She said, "It's a
good thing you have a harem, because there's no way a single woman will be able to keep
you satisfied, not even me."
"Trust me, you're not the first to say that. My wives even established an unofficial rule that
anyone who wants to have sex with me needs at least one other woman to join them. It comes
with being part demon and part dragon." I informed her with a chuckle.
Merlin stands up. "So, what do we do now?"
I get up. "I was thinking of heading back to Earthland. I wanna see how my girls are doing."
That's when Merlin's stomach starts to growl. "But how about we get some breakfast first?"
"Sure, we had quite the workout, but first I'm taking a shower." Merlin gets off the bed and
heads to the bathroom, her succulent ass jiggling shamelessly with every step. She looks back
and gives me a sultry smile. "You can join me if you want~"
"You're just begging me to break you." My smile is all teeth. "Reminds me of someone else I
know."

"And yet you can't get enough of my ass, darling. Now come on~" Merlin walks inside and I
quickly follow after her.
After a very steamy shower session, getting dressed and take on my female form, , we joined
the others in the dining area of the hotel, where everyone else was eating chocolate chip
pancakes, except for Zeke, who had a small plate of sausages and bacon for him to eat, and
Amber, who's having scrambled eggs with hashbrowns and bacon.
"These pancakes are so good! I love them!" Alice happily states, overjoyed to be eating a
sweet and delicious breakfast food again.
"Tell me about it. I honestly gave up hope of eating stuff like this when they showed up."
Saya remarks as she takes a bite of her own food. The zombie infestation and subsequent
collapse of society in their world meant that a lot of modern conveniences, such as foods
beyond basic vegetables, fruits, meat, and certain types of grains would be in short supply
and impractical while just trying to survive.
And while Asmodeus was an exceptional cook who could cook the most amazing dishes, he
largely stuck to healthy or somewhat healthy ones during their 3-year training regime for the
sake of basic nutrition and stimulating their growth via his special vegetables.
"In many ways, we should be grateful we crossed paths with Asmodeus-kun. If it wasn't for
him, we wouldn't have this opportunity." Saeko notes while taking a bite of her pancakes,
acknowledging how much their lives had changed since arriving in the Ever After and
becoming super strong.
"I only wish Takashi and Kohta could be here to enjoy it with us. I hope they are okay." Rei
remarks, still worried about their friends.
"This food is definitely better than anything I've ever had before meeting Cinder, let alone
you guys. I'm glad that my Master has allowed me this 2nd chance." Emerald says while
enjoying her own breakfast.
As Merlin and I got our breakfast, we sat down with everyone else. However, as we ate I
couldn't help but hear something peculiar in the background.
"Man, I really wanna see the Ghost Monument in person." A male civilian asks his table
mate.
"The fable? Forget about it."
"I know but… I wanna see it just once in my lifetime."
"You crazy bastard. You're gonna get yourself killed."
"[Ghost Monument]?" I thought aloud before standing up.
"Asmodues-kun?" Rei questions as she watches the man walk towards a random table.
"Excuse me fellas." The two civilians turned their attention to me.

"Whaddya want?" One of them annoyingly asked.
"Nothing, it's just that I couldn't help but eavesdrop on your conversation." I asked and the
man groaned.
"Not you too. That's it, I'm outta here." He stands up and promptly leaves.
[Well he was certainly a charming fellow]
I then turn to the other man.
"So, do you mind telling me more about this [Ghost Monument]?" I asked, causing him to
blink in surprise.
"You mean you've never heard of the fable [Ghost Monument]? It's this mysterious flying
structure that appears and disappears randomly in Menagerie every 100 years or so." The
man said, further piquing my interest. "Some think it's Faunus propaganda, while others think
it's haunted or something left behind by some ancient civilization. The more religious theory
is that it's the temple of the God of Animals, the one who blessed Faunus with their animal
features."
"A flying structure, you say? Out of curiosity, do you know what it looks like?" I questioned,
hoping my suspicions were correct.
"Well, there's no recorded evidence, but supposedly at the top is an Eden with a temple made
entirely of rubies or rose quartz with untold treasures hidden within, but no one really knows
for sure." He shrugs.
[So that's where they went. They really did follow us here]
I smile at the man and shake his hand. "Thank you. You have no idea what this means to me.
Thank you!"
"Um… your welcome?" He said, clearly weirded out as I rushed back to my table.
"Guys, I know what we're gonna do today! We're gonna check out the [Ghost
Monument]!" I informed them, causing all their eyes to widen in surprise.
"G-G-Ghosts?!" Alice trembles in fear while Zeke rubs himself against Alice to comfort her.
Even with the immense power and skills she got from training, Alice was still a little girl who
also happened to come from a world ravaged by zombies, and had to watch her dad die
before her eyes. In short, she's traumatized.
The other HOTD girls are also afraid. They were used to dealing with the undead, but now
they need to deal with a type of undead they can't physically fight against.
"Why do you wanna go to the [Ghost Monument]?" Amber asked in confusion, it being the
last place she thought she would ever go.

"Because I know what the [Ghost Monument] really is." My smile brimmed with eagerness
and excitement. "My palace!"
Author Notes
Here's a new chapter. The reason why the stats look different is because there was an error in
the math and I never noticed until just recently. Still, I hope you enjoy it.
Peace~

Chapter 39: RWBY: Ghost Monument
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
The sea is vast and the sky is blue, with only the subtle sounds of the waves as its constant
companion; a picture of perfect stillness. However, this silence doesn't last as 7 cones of light
fly across the vast blue sky breaking the sound barrier.
"At this speed, we should reach Menagerie in 8 minutes." Amber says from the front.
I glance at my "luggage". "How are you holding up, Emerald?"
"G-Good, master! I'm good!" Emerald exasperates as she holds onto me for dear life.
"Wooho!" Alice cheers as she does a few backflips, with Zeke also barking in enjoyment
from her backpack.
"It's official: I love flying." A giddy Saya exclaims.
"I once thought this only happened in dreams, but now…" Rei trails off as she does a barrel
roll. "Hehehe!"
"Flying is so… refreshing." Saeko says with a small smile. While this wasn't the first time the
four of them flew through the air ever since they were trained for 3 years in the [Hyperbolic
Time Chamber, they didn't always get the leisure of truly enjoying it due to the
circumstances at the time.
But that was no longer the case, and for them, flying was truly an exhilarating and liberating
experience.
[They seem to be enjoying themselves. You even bought them new clothes to go along
with their new lives]

My mind quickly flashes back to events prior to now.
Flashback
"Your palace?" Saya asked.
"That's right. It's the only thing I can think of that matches the description." I nod. "See, the
main reason Towa and Rusty were after me was because I have the [Chaos Emeralds]. They
are jewels that are empowered by thought, making their power virtually limitless."
"[Chaos Emeralds]? You must be kidding." A skeptic Saya remarks.
"You know what he's talking about?" Saeko asks her friend.
"They're these MacGuffins from a video game franchise I played when I was a kid. And
when you get all 7, you basically break the game." Saya states. "I thought your talk
of [Chaos Energy] and the like was familiar, don't tell me you have the big one too."
"Yup, I got all 8. And the reason why I can assume a Super Form-like state without their help
is because I have a deep connection to the [Chaos Force] which you all now share through
me." I said.
"I thought you said everyone was back in Earthland?" Merlin points out.
"They are. But it seems the [Aincrad] had something else in mind. It must've homed in on
my unique energy signature, but because of unknown factors, it must have arrived on
Remnant at a much earlier point in time. And thanks to all of the damage caused by
the [Genesis Wave] , its engines are stuck in some kind of loop, leaving it in a sort of
quantum state where it only exists in this universe for only a few minutes at a time."
"Um…" Everyone turns to Amber. "I have no idea what you guys are talking about."
"(Right, normal human brain). Basically, I know why my home is acting the way it is and I
can fix it once we get to Menagerie." I clarified which seems to appease the maiden a bit.
"But how will you know when it shows up? It's not like it'll just magically appear the moment
you set foot on the island." Saya says with a look. "Right?"
"We'll know when we get there." I simply said.
"I think you're all forgetting an obvious fact: Menagerie is White Fang central. They hate
humans to the bone, especially their leader. If we so much as get spotted, we'll be put to death
on the spot." Amber warned.
"That sounds easily resolved: you girls just need to disguise yourselves as Faunus. You do
that and nobody will look twice in our direction." I suggest.
Amber is thunderstruck. "You want to walk into one of the most anti-human settlements in
the world while wearing a set of fake cat ears? Forgive me for saying this, but that's the most
ridiculous idea I've ever heard!"

"Not entirely. I can use magic to disguise ourselves before we reach the island." Merlin
speaks up.
"You can do that?" A curious Amber asks and Merlin smiles.
"There is more to magic than simple elemental manipulation, my dear apprentice~" Merlin
purrs, which makes the maiden blink.
"Apprentice? Since when?"
"Since now. But we can go over the details later. For now, we should focus on another
pressing matter." Merlin said.
"Which is?" I drawled.
"We need new clothes. I've been wearing this outfit for a long time now and I need to change.
The same goes for the others." Merlin states like it's the worst thing in the world.
I look at the others and yeah, their outfits have seen better days. If it isn't the sweat stains or
grime, it's the scratch marks and visible holes in their bottoms.
"Can't you just fix it with your magic?" I ask, mostly confused about the fact she would
suggest shopping instead of just restoring their clothes.
Merlin gives me a cheeky grin. "I could, but where's the fun in that?"
[I think she wants you to be her pack mule]
"Now wait a-" "Alright girls, let's go!" With that, everyone stood up and walked out of the
room, leaving me appalled by what just happened.
It didn't take long for the girls to find a clothing store, mainly because it was located close to
where we're staying. Amber and Emerald decide to look around the other shops, while the
other girls start browsing the store's wares, picking a dozen out of the hundreds they're selling
before taking them to the changing room to try them on.
I find a chair and quickly take a seat. "Those girls are probably gonna be in there for a while.
May as well use the time to cash in my tickets."
I pull up my [Legendary Gacha Tokens] and see what I won.
[Unmakyr MAX]
Rank: EX
An upgraded version of the Super Weapon in Doom Eternal. It is fully automatic and
possesses a high rate of fire. Each trigger pull fires 3 projectiles in a horizontal arc.
During continuous fire, the width of the arc expands with each shot in a 3 stage cycle
before returning to its original width and restarting the cycle. A uniquely powerful
weapon, the Unmakyr is kept under lock and key inside the Fortress of Doom. Inspired

by Sentinel weapon technology, this celestial firearm was created in Urdak by the
ingenious invention of the Makyrs themselves. What sets this apart from the original,
however, is the miniature Argent Reactor that replaces its need for Argent-type plasma
canisters giving it "infinite" ammo.
Infinite Damage
[Photon Ray]
Rank: A~A
Also known as the Sword of Mars. It was originally wielded by the Roman God of War
Mars (Ares) and is Attila the Hun's primary weapon and Noble Phantasm. The 'blade'
of the sword, formed of tri-colored bands of light, is believed to be capable of destroying
all existence on Earth. As a Noble Phantasm, there are two ways to invoke its True
Name.
The first is "Photon Ray" and is considered incomplete. Once invoked this way, the
blade begins to spin and emit rainbow light. This light will wrap around the blade for
an exceptionally powerful slash or thrust, or it can unleash in a beam attack that's
capable of wiping out armies and even cutting through space.
The second is "Tear Drop Photon Ray" and is the true form of the Noble Phantasm. By
unleashing the beam of light from the pommel into the sky, the user is able to make a
connection to Mars and call down a devastating beam of light that eradicates anything
that has been designated as the target.
3,000,000,000,000~30,000,000,000,000 + STRx1.5 + MAGx15 Physical/Divine Damage
(x20 in God Forms)
[Fist Plate] - Rank: B
One of the 19 Plates of Arceus, the Alpha Pokémon. It is imbued with the essence of the
fighting spirit and boosts physical attacks by 20%.
[Dark Heart] - Rank: AAA
The Dark Heart is a powerful Void-aligned artifact created by Iridikron when he
imbued an ancient, unnamed relic fashioned by Neltharion the Earth-Warder, with the
primal hunger of Galakrond and is a prototype of the Dragon Soul. It is designed to
channel and store immense power.
It has the power to absorb the various forms of magic, such as Arcane, Void and Death
and convert them into shadow energy. It can also empower the individuals and armies.
[Yamato]
Rank: EX

A legendary Devil Arm that was created and wielded by the Dark Knight Sparda. He
created Yamato alongside the Devil Sword Sparda and Rebellion when the Dark Knight
split his power into three pieces, and was named by him to embody a "god of death". It
was later left to Vergil as the keepsake.
It is a very sharp blade that can cut through anything and anyone, including demonic
energy and physical objects. Can even cut through space and dimensions to open
portals between human and demon worlds, and most notably, it has the power to
separate a person's human and demonic halves. It can also merge with a wielder's
power to become stronger.
54,775 + STR/DEX/MAGx4 Physical/Dark Damage (x15 in demon form)
[Blades of Chaos]
Rank: EX
The Blades of Chaos, a pair of powerful chained blades and Kratos' iconic weapons in a
God of War series. Forged in the darkest depths of the Underworld by Hephaestus in
the furnace of Hades himself. They were imbued with primordial fire, which allowed
them to ignite with every fire attack that user performed. They can also be imbued with
the other powers from the other realms, such as the Fire of Ares, the Ice of Poseidon,
the Lightning of Zeus, and the Souls of Hades.
These weapons increase the user's physical attributes and his capacity for magic. With
their dark power they can empower the user with the absorbed life-force of its victims
and enemies, also healing the user's wounds in seconds. Being forged with the flame of
Underworld the Blades of Chaos possess the fire-based powers, which allows the user to
ignite the blades with the fire. They also can manipulate the various elemental powers
and even absorb and utilize powers from other realms.
45,835 + STRx7/END/DEX/MAGx4 Physical/Fire/Lightning/Ice/Soul Damage
[Pokémon Egg] (x5)
Rank: ?
An object from which most Pokémon are known to hatch. Pokémon Eggs are produced
by breeding two Pokémon of a compatible Egg Group and opposite gender together and
will contain, by default, the lowest species in the evolutionary line of the mother. The
amount of time left until a Pokémon hatches from its Egg is determined by the number
of Egg cycles (which are measured in steps) that the trainer walks when it is in the party
(including movement on a Bicycle or while Surfing).
"Damn, what a haul. A DOOM weapon, a Noble Phantasm, and even the Yamato! Plus a few
Pokémon eggs, that's nice." I said.
[The Dark Heart is an interesting addition; definitely useful against Salem]

The [Fist Plate] manifests before me, after which it dived in and phased into my body, a
surge of power coursing through me as it gives my physical capabilities a boost.
"I still need something to anchor the [Aincrad] to this dimension without attracting too much
attention. If only I had my [Sonic Screwdriver]." My eyes then widen and I let out a half
hearted smile. "I'm such a dumbass…!"
[You said it, not me]
Small particles of light gather on my left hand before it instantly takes form and lands on my
palm.
This [Sonic Screwdriver] is visibly different from the previous model as it uses parts from
previous versions and other devices: the wide area dispersal petals and the resonator cage
were similar to the 11th Doctor's sonic screwdriver; the handle was similar to the 9th and
10th Doctor's sonic screwdriver, which was made from coral like the TARDIS; the frequency
and intensity dials were similar to the Master's [Laser Screwdriver]; the cage around the
central sonic cluster was similar to that of the 12th Doctor's second model and a Dalek
gunstick; and the primary sonic emitter was similar to the bullet-shaped emitter on the sonic
screwdriver belonging to the 3rd, 4th, and 5th Doctors and the sonic screwdriver belonging to
the 7th and 8th Doctors. The activation button also had circular Gallifreyan embossed into it
and the function access controls were located at the pommel, with a hexagonal cutout at the
very base.
[Sonic Screwdriver 14th Edition]
Rank: EX
The 14th Doctor's Sonic Screwdriver is a homage to previous incarnations' iconic
device. Much like its previous models, it has medical applications, hacking, geolocation,
open and close doors, and creating powerful frequencies and signals. In addition, it can
operate on a precise resonance to dislodge obstacles by generating a pitch so high it was
inaudible to even Time Lords, create a holographic screen and adjust the dials to begin
analyzing data, generate shields to stop bullets and energy shots, reconfigure and
initiate TARDIS regeneration, and take over any screen to display whatever the user
desires.
"Better." I throw it into the air and catch it before storing it in my coat pocket.
Just then, the sounds of moving curtains grab my attention and my jaw drops.
Saeko's outfit consisted of long black pants, purple boots, a gray shoulderless top that left her
abdomen exposed, showing off her toned abs, a long purple coat that matched her hair with a
blue exterior and vibrant curved-line patterns on the edges. Around her waist was a belt that
was attached to the sheath for her Katana.
Rei's outfit consisted of white shorts on top of black pants with orange outlines, white hiking
boots, and a black sleeveless top with an orange outline similar to her pants that left her
abdomen exposed, with an orange ribbon tied around her hair.

Saya's outfit consisted of ripped jeans, black combat boots, and a red top with shoulder
guards.
Alice's outfit was a simple white shorts and a pink shirt, with a backpack with a large pouch
on her back, with Zeke currently occupying said pouch.
Merlin's outfit is by far the most provocative: a black leather shoulderless leotard that clung
to her hourglass curves and large assets like a second skin, highlighting her massive L-cup
breasts, curvy waist, and large heart-shaped bubble butt, with a purple jacket on top of it. On
her legs were fishnet stockings that showed off her alluring wide hips and slender legs, with
black leather boots on her feet.
[She almost looks like Black Canary]
"Well?" Merlin sways her bare hips. "What do you think, darling?"
I sat there frozen, my brain unable to process what I'm seeing.
"... beautiful. All of you." Was all I can say.
This causes the 4 girls to blush while Merlin's smile widens a bit.
With girls satisfied with their pick, I went ahead and paid for the outfits; 175.02 Lien. Not
long after leaving the store, we ran into Amber and Emerald.
"Hey you two. Did you find anything?" I asked.
Emerald nods. "We found a weapons shop with an odd selection."
I arch an eyebrow. "Odd how?"
"Odd as in none of this stuff is sold anywhere else. None of the weapons they have are sold in
Vale." Amber explains.
"Isn't that common? Different countries have different cultures." Rei said.
Amber shakes her head. "Not on Remnant. While kingdoms do sell their own weapons, it's
just modified versions of existing weapons. There are shops where they build weapons, but
Atlas is the main provider for pretty much all technology."
[And should Atlas fall, the entire world is fucked]
"Show me." I said.
We follow Amber and Emerald and reach the fabled weapons shop. When we walk in, we're
greeted with weapons of all forms and sizes: guns, swords, hammers, shields, and so on.
"Welcome! Feel free to look around." The clerk exclaims as everyone starts looking around.

"Oh, we will." I let my eyes wander at the display cases of the weapons, none of them really
caught my eye because they were either too weak or just didn't fit my style.
That is until I spotted something in the back that immediately attracted my attention, because
it technically shouldn't exist.
[Sword of Judgment]
Rank: A
The sword of Optimus Prime from another dimension; a symbol of knighthood. This
sword was forged to be used by the Guardian Knights, twelve elite warriors of ancient
Cybertron who rebelled against their creator Quintessa for her deceit and treachery.
After sealing their former master and taking her Control Staff, the knight set out
aboard a ship into space in hopes of finding worthy allies on another world, landing on
Earth in 5th century C.E. Lockdown found one of the Knight Ships and took it as his
own, turning its forge into a "trophy case" but was never able to use the sword himself.
It was Optimus Prime, who drew the sword and was "knighted", using its might to kill
Lockdown, destroy the KSI Drones and drive Galvatron away.
789,748 + STRx1.5 Physical Damage
[Vector Shield]
Rank: A
The personal shield of Optimus Prime. Like the Sword, the Vector Shield was stored in
Lockdown's ship, where he retrieved it after freeing the Dinobots. Appropriately
enough for the leader of the Autobots, the shield is a versatile tool that can be used in
close quarters combat, while also providing Prime a ranged alternative with a powerful
double-barrel cannon built into it.
801,342 + STRx1.5/END Physical Damage
I spot the tag on the right and read the price. 'There's no way anyone was ever going to buy
them.'
I glance at another weapon on the wall.
[Silver Staff]
Rank: B
A weapon from Final Fantasy 7 Remake. An elegant staff treated with silver. Perfect for
those proficient in magic. It provides the third-highest Magic Attack attribute, but
excels due to its natural MP regeneration ability, as well as Trade-Off to allow the user
to recover MP upon taking damage. Its abilities include spell cost reductions to both
offensive and defensive spells.
Grants the skill [Sorcerous Storm].

Grants 50% MP Regeneration.
Grants 50% cost reduction of MP, SP, AP, and other mystical energies used for offense
or defense.
2,700 + STRx1.5 Physical Damage, 12,000 + MAGx1.5 Magic Damage
'That's Aerith's staff from FF7.' I walk up to the weapon and lightly touch its polearm. 'Just
what is this place?'
The clerk notices the only male customer walking back to the main area. "Did you find
anything of interest, sir?"
"That sword and shield." I point to the back. "Where did you get them exactly?"
"Oh those? The boss was the one who put that there." The worker replies.
"Your boss?"
He nods. "Yeah. I don't know where it came from though. It's been on display since I started
working here."
"And no one's bought it?"
"You saw the price tag, right? Nobody in this town has the funds to buy it, and besides most
Huntsmen build their weapons anyway."
"And who's your boss exactly?"
"Just an old man, he's a Faunus." He replies. "He's a bit of an oddball. Always disappearing
on an 'expedition' as he calls them and comes back with a random trinket to sell. To be
honest, I don't know what most of this stuff does, but I don't ask because I need the money."
[Interesting. I wonder who this person is]
I look down at the display case under the register and my eyes shoot wide open.
[Golden Gun]
Rank: C
The deadly signature weapon of the notorious assassin Francisco Scaramanga. It is a
high-risk, high-reward type of weapon, because it only holds one bullet at a time and
must be reloaded every time it is fired. Due to its extreme power, it can instantly kill any
enemy with a single shot.
Increases user accuracy to 100%.
Insta-kills targets.
[Ezra Bridger's Lightsaber]

Rank: C
The first prototype lightsaber of Ezra Bridger, a Padawan and rebel who lived in the
years prior to the Battle of Yavin. The only lightsaber-blaster hybrid to ever exist, it was
built out of spare parts donated by fellow members of the Ghost's crew. When in
lightsaber mode, the weapon had an adjustable blade and could be used in combat.
Blaster mode was set to stun and was built as a result of Bridger's lack of skill in
deflecting blaster fire with his blade.
34,781 + STRx1.5 Physical Damage in blade mode, 15,678 + WISx1.5 Physical Damage
in blaster mode.
[Mantis Flip Coin]
Rank: C
Allows the user to temporarily jump to incredible heights and distances like a mantis.
[Mody Morpher]
Rank: C
Allows the user to change their appearance into anything they choose - including the
appearance of other beings.
[Mosaic Scale]
Rank: B
Allows the user to trap spiritual bodies.
[Golden Tiger Claws]
Rank: A
Allows the user to instantly travel to any desired location by clawing open a portal.
[Reversing Mirror]
Rank: A
Allows the user to reverse the power of anything that was directed towards it, even Shen
Gong Wu. It could also reverse other effects not directly aimed at it as well as the ability
to change the effects of Shen Gong Wu used with it.
'They're even selling freaking Shen Gong Wu here!' I look at the prices and cringe. 'Okay, is
this a store or a fucking extortion racket because no one's gonna pay these no matter how
rich they are!'
[Except you]

'Except me, yeah.' I said. 'Still, it's not just the weapons of Bayverse Optimus Prime." My
eyes glance at the familiar items. 'There's stuff from other franchises here too.'
[Even overlooking the effects of the Genesis Wave, the existence of so many items in
such a place is unprecedented. Though at this point, I wouldn't be surprised if we
crossed paths with Jessica Rabbit in Vale or something]
"Asmodeus-san!" Rei's voice quickly withdraws my attention from the case and to the
automatic section. Walking there, I found Rei seemingly glued to a purple rifle that was given
a limelight.
[Exotic Caliber]
Rank: A
A quadruple-mechashifting weapon that operates as a chainsword, a sniper rifle,
grenade launcher, a shock lance, and a submachine gun; the first of its kind. With its
various forms and composition, it grants close combat capability as a melee weapon,
mid-range intense combat via its submachine gun, explosive power via its grenade
launcher, and long-range precision via its sniper rifle mode.
621,534 + STRx1.5 Physical Damage
"Guess you've taken a liking to this weapon, Rei?" I ask in curiosity and amusement, causing
her to blush in embarrassment.
"I'm sorry for taking advantage of your generosity, Asmodeus-san, but do you think you
could buy this weapon for me?" Rei nervously asked me.
"Why do you want the weapon? With 3 years of training under our belt, along with our
current equipment, we should be good." Saya inquired, puzzled at what seemed like an
unnecessary purchase.
"I know but…" Rei bites her lower lip, trying to think of the right words for the man who
gave them everything.
"It's fine, Rei. I'll gladly buy it for you." My words seem to crash their brains.
"S-Seriously…?" A shocked Saya asked.
"Yup. Besides, unlike you and Saeko, Rei never really got a signature weapon. All I gave her
were the [Anti-Chaos Rounds]." I reasoned as I looked at Saya. "Don't you think that's a
little unfair?"
"W-Well…" Saya was unable to come up with a response.
"Thank you, thank you so much!" Rei leaps forward and snares me into a bear hug, burning
my face deep in her breasts.
[You sly bastard, you just wanted to get buried in her boobs]

'Well, you're not wrong.'
After that, we went back to the shopkeeper to buy the rifle. I also requested the sword and
shield, the staff, the gun, lightsaber, and all of the Shen Gong Wu, which shocks the guy.
"T-That'll be 214,899.99 Lien!" The clerk stammers as I pay it with ease.
After the purchase, the shopkeeper rounded up all of the items, placed them in boxes before
putting them in a robust bag. The only exceptions were the sword, shield and staff; the former
I carried on my back with a magnet strapped on my back. Rei is given a holster for her new
rifle.
"Here you go, Amber." I give Amber the [Silver Staff].
Amber blinked in surprise. "You're giving me the stave you purchased? Wouldn't it make
more sense for you to use it, or Merlin for that matter?"
"Maybe." I admit before continuing. "But this staff is unique and grants all manner of unique
benefits that would suit a budding user of [Magic] and [Aura] like yourself."
"But why? And how do you know that staff would be so beneficial to me? That clerk never
mentioned anything specific about that staff." Amber inquires curiously.
"Let's just say I have an eye for stuff like this." I answered, vaguely alluding
to [Appraisal]. "The staff will complement and boost your magic prowess, including in how
quickly you recover your magic power and reducing how much [Magic] and [Aura] is
needed to be used in combat. Along with strengthening the power of your magic attacks."
Amber's eyes widened at hearing the benefits before shaking her head. "If that's true, all the
more reason for you or Merlin to have it!"
"Amber, just take the staff, Merlin and I will be fine." I assure her with a smile. "Besides,
when you consider our luck and the dangers that seem to follow us, you will need all the help
you can get."
Amber sweat drops. "I don't see why you're so happy about that."
"Well, danger is just part of the adventure, isn't it? Haha!" I chuckle as Amber reluctantly
takes the [Silver Staff].
We walked out of the shop and I threw everything in my [Inventory]. I was surprised to see
that Amber's new staff is retractable much like her old one. 'Eh, not complaining.'
After a brief walk through the shopping district, we walk into an isolated alleyway and take
flight into the sky.
Flashback end
"... eus… Asmodeus!"

"?" I blink and glance back at Amber.
"We got company!" Amber yells and I turn my attention back to the horizon.
Dozens upon dozens of Grimm; all of varying shapes and sizes. Some appear as giant
hornets, raptor-like dinosaurs with pterosaur wings, and large, serpent-like dragons.
Name: Lancer
Species: Larva Grimm
Level: 32
HP: 4,431
MP: 0
SP: 7,778
Thoughts: None
Abilities: Harpoon Stinger, Ramming, Claws
Name: Queen Lancer
Species: Alpha Grimm
Level: 54
HP: 7,481
MP: 7,032
SP: 8,432
Thoughts: None
Abilities: Harpoon Stinger, Ramming, Projectiles, Claws
Name: Teryx
Species: Grimm
Level: 52
HP: 7,202
MP: 0
SP: 8,411

Thoughts: None
Abilities: Lunges, Claw Strikes, Bites, Flight
Name: Sea Feilong
Species: Alpha Grimm
Level: 77
HP: 8,509
MP: 8,321
SP: 9,023
Thoughts: None
Abilities: Lightning Breath, Ramming, Wind Gust, Bind
Emerald gulped. "That's… a lot of Grimm."
"There are a total of 69 hostiles heading straight for us. Confrontation is imminent." Delta
states.
"So these are the Grimm that Jaune spoke of." Merlin noted, sensing the inherent dark magic
and malevolence radiating off of them. While Jaune had informed them about the abhorrent
creatures of darkness and their queen, it was an entirely different experience seeing them in
person; sensing the corrupted magic and negative emotions that make up their entire being.
"They're almost like demons in a way."
"Ugh, the energy coming off them is rancid." Saya gagged.
"It's as if someone molded emotion into something monstrous." Saeko remarks.
"Yep, these things have been plaguing Remnant since time immemorial." I confirmed.
"Grimm are the antithesis of life, their only instinct is to hunt down and eradicate all living
things, so don't let your guard down."
The Teryx screech as they fly towards us.
"Well girls, you're up." Everyone gives me surprised looks.
"Eh!?" Most of the girls said.
"You want us to fight those things alone!?" Saya shrieked.
"Mhm." I nod. "You girls are used to fighting undead. Now it's time for you all to experience
fighting monsters. Besides, I can't be there to fight all of your battles."

"But-" "Have fun!" Merlin, Amber, Alice and I pull back leaving the highschoolers as the
first line of defense.
"Those bastards!" Saya roars.
"Stop whining. We need to get ready." Rei pulls her [Exotic Caliber] and splits them into
their chainsword and sub-machine gun forms.
Saeko flicks her katana's Tsuba and smirks. "This will be fun…!"
One of the Lancers immediately charges at Saeko, only for it to be seamlessly split in half.
Saeko shoots forward, her sword fully drawn, decimates all of the Lancers in her path.
Four Queen Lancers block her path and shoot fire from their mouths, but Saeko easily dodges
their projectiles.
Two queens fire their stingers while the other two charge at the interloping human.
Saeko sheaths her sword and widens her stances, leans her upper body forward and closes her
eyes as her body glows with [Aura].
Time seemingly slows down as the Lancers and stingers leave only afterimages as they
slowly get closer.
Saeko opens her eyes, they're a vibrant purple. "Fall."
She draws, and the entire area is covered by lines of purple light, reducing the giant Queen
Lancers and Teryx into nothing.
Saeko's eyes return to normal as she sheaths her sword back into her scabbard, and watches
stoically as black ash rains all around her. "Disappointing."
The Sea Feilong tried to attack with its lightning breath, only for Rei to block it
with [Dōsojin]. Several Queen Lancers fire stingers at her, only for her to redirect them back
via [Territory].
"Let's test out what this weapon can really do." Rei says as she enhances her weapon
via [Enchant] laced with [Aura] and [Ki] to strengthen it further.
She fires her sub-machine gun at the Grimm, the enhanced bullets tearing through the
Feilongs' armor and flesh like paper.
A group of Teryxs close in and raise their claws to flay Rei, only for her instincts to kick in
and quickly slashes their heads into half with her sword. She then presses the second trigger
and fires grenades at the remaining Teryx, swallowing them in a cloud of explosions.
Rei smiles at the beautiful destruction. "Oh yeah, best gift ever~"

A bundle of Sea Feilong gets grabbed by two GIANT black metal hands and is electrocuted
by copious amounts of light.
A giant Saya pulls her arms back. "Haaaa!" She throws the Grimm across the ocean with all
of her strength before exploding a good distance away.
A couple Teryx fly by her left ear causing her to jolt. "Ugh, I hate bugs!" She slams both
hands on the Grimm, trapping and crushing them. "Gross…" She shakes her hands to get rid
of the ashy remains.
The 3 of them suddenly hear clapping, and they turn to see me applaud them with Merlin,
Alice, Amber, and Emerald watching.
"Well done you three. You did well against that Grimm horde." I congratulated, though Saya
only glared in response.
"You didn't need to leave them all to us! Why didn't you deal with them?!" Saya growled.
"I told you, I can't fight all your battles for you, and you guys need more practical and real
experience in combat." I reiterated.
"You guys were awesome!" Amber exclaims as she flies to Saeko. "You cut down a dozen
Grimm like nothing!" She moves to Rei. "You were like an Atlesian bombardment!" She
moves to Saya. "And you GREW! How did you even grow like that!? There's no way that
was a [Semblance]!"
"That's because they used magic along with another form of power called [Ki] , in addition
to [Aura]." I explain, drawing her attention. "There's a lot more to magic than just mere
elemental manipulation, and there's an even larger range of powers to use."
This caused Amber to look at me in awe.
"Um, do you think I could do those things too?" Amber nervously asks.
"Stick with us and you'll find there's a whole multiverse of things you never knew existed." I
smirked. 'Oh yeah, she's definitely a keeper.'
We continue our flight at high speeds, eventually we spot a large silhouette in the distance.
"We're nearing Menagerie." I said. "Merlin."
"Yes." Merlin casts an invisibility spell on us as we get closer to the mainland. "I suggest we
find a secluded area to land, that way we won't rouse suspicion."
We pass by what looks like a shipyard, then Kuo Kuana and land deep in the forest.
"We should be fine here." I said and Merlin canceled the spell.
"Did you see that shipyard by the beach? It looks like they're building their own navy." Saya
said.

"Kuo Kuana has also changed." Amber grimly said. "From what I heard, it used to be a
fishing town. Now it looks like something straight from Atlas."
"Let's worry about that later." I pull out my [Sonic Screwdriver] and it starts to blink. "I'm
picking up distinct traces of pure [Chaos Energy] , the [Aincrad] has definitely been here.
Delta."
Delta's hologram appears in front of us. "I am ready and able."
"Can you calculate the estimated date and time that [Aincrad] will reappear on Menagerie?"
"While possible, I require more data to compile a proper timeline." Delta states.
"What about the traces of Chaos residue? Can you use that to predict when it'll appear?"
"It is possible, however, I will require an extension as my current hardware cannot handle the
required computations." Delta sees my [Sonic Screwdriver]. "This device will do. I will
return shortly." With that, the AI Fragment disappears into the device.
I put the screwdriver away. "Note to self: upgrade the AI's hardware for trans-dimensional
computations."
"So now what?" Emerald asks.
I clap my hands together. "Now it's time for disguises!" I turn to my arc-mage. "Merlin."
Merlin snaps her fingers and everyone except me is covered in pink smoke.
Alice now has a pair of dog ears, Saeko has a purple fox tail, Saya has pinkish hands and
spinnerets, Rei has cat ears, Amber has panther claws, Emerald has fox ears, and Merlin has
snowy owl wings.
"Look Zeke, we match!" Alice excitedly tells her dog.
"Arf!" Zeke proceeds to lick Alice's face, causing her to giggle.
Saeko looks at her new tail wagging around. "This is… curious."
Amber stares at her hands as her nails suddenly elongate and become sharp before
immediately retracting them. "Cool!"
"You think that's cool? Check this out!" Saya pulls a gesture of a certain webster and shoots
out silk and it immediately sticks to nearby trees, forming a spider web.
Rei giggles as she pads her cat ears. "Hehe~"
Emerald touches her new ears and is surprised by how real they feel. "Incredible. Are these
really illusions?"

"No, your new appendages are completely real." Merlin extends her new owl wings. "It's a
simple transformation spell, similar to the one Asmodeus used. I can keep this spell going for
as long as I want."
"Won't that drain your magic?" A curious Amber asks her teacher(?).
Merlin smiles. "Don't worry. Thanks to my [Infinity] ability, I can keep my spells' effect
going indefinitely."
My tail unwraps from my waist, allowing me to pass as a Monkey Faunus.
"Alright then, listen up everyone." I said, drawing everyone's attention. "Here's what we're
gonna do: we're going to scout the town to get info on the [Ghost Monument] ; either fables,
rumors, or records on past encounters."
"If we're looking for records, the best place to find them is at the library." Rei points out and I
nod.
"Are you sure it will appear now? The [Ghost Monument] is known for disappearing for
periods of time before temporarily appearing." Amber inquires in concern. "And even with
these incredible disguises, being here is risky. The Brotherhood is hostile to not only
humanity, but even to Faunus who oppose them or don't want to fight humans to a lesser
extent."
"If that happens, let me know. I'll change their perception so that they leave you alone." Now
it's my turn to look worried. "I know this may be hard, but I need you all to play your part as
White Fang supporters. If you run into trouble, do not engage; run as fast as you can." I point
a finger at my head. "If you find a point of interest, just call me with your thoughts. And I
don't wanna say this, but for Pete's sake, DO NOT say or do anything that'll get their
attention. Clear?"
Everyone nods.
"Alright." I crouch at Alice and Zeke. "Alice, I need you to stay with Merlin. No matter what
happens, you need to follow her words to the letter. Okay?"
"Okay, Angel-nii-san!" I smile and ruffle her hair, causing Alice to giggle in happiness at the
affection.
Zeke whines, seemingly jealous before I pet him too. "Arf!"
I stand up and look at Merlin, who nods.
"Then let's go." I say as we all split up, all towards the same destination.
[This is quite the gamble you're undertaking. Even if we succeed, what makes you
believe the {Aincrad} will appear now? It may take another hundred, maybe a thousand
years for it to reappear]
'Call it a hunch.' I said as we reached Kuo Kuana's threshold.

Kuo Kuana wasn't as different as in the show; a bustling town with packed residential areas
and expansive markets, with houses of various shapes and sizes cramped together running up
the main street. However, there are some new additions: military barracks have now taken
over some of the marketplace, there's White Fang troops walking around with their rifles,
propaganda posters and the WF logos litter the walls of buildings, there are more weapon and
Dust shops, and in the distance I can see a landing bay with Bullheads and VTOLs. Not to
mention the THICK layer of negativity in the air. It's a miracle that the Grimm haven't
ransacked this place.
[I can see the White Fang stealing the vehicles, but where did all of these weapons and
Dust come from? Even if they did steal it, the kingdoms could use it as a pretense for
retaliation]
'Likely the same reason why nobody did anything in canon: politics and Grimm. They likely
don't wanna deal with a 2nd Great War breaking out.' I walk up to one of the stalls and
examine the fruits. 'And maybe a bit of racism thrown in. Humans don't give a damn of
Faunus, why else would they do all of this?'
[Attention? Frustration? Rage? Envy and a bunch of other complicated reasons. Take
your pick]
I take a banana. "I'll take this one."
"That'll be 4.75." The owner said and I arch an eyebrow.
"For a single banana? That's criminal."
"In case you haven't noticed, between White Fang operations and the shitty dealings with
those human bastards, limited supplies require higher costs." The owner retorts while I
browse through his mind.
I pay for the banana and continue on my way.
[Good thing you got the info of the general layout of Kuo Kuana from that shopkeeper's
mind without him noticing during that interaction]
'Yeah. Now I know where to go next.' Seriously, [Telepathy] is so underrated but seriously OP
when you wanna find something. 'It can get a little noisy at times, hearing so many thoughts
all at once like this. I should ask Jean and Emma for some pointers next time I see them.'
"Hey there baby." I turn around to see two White Fang grunts. "What's a pretty thing like you
doing out here?"
I look left and then look right. "Are you talking to me?"
[I think they're trying to hit on you]
"Is there another sexy Monkey Faunus eating a banana around?" Grunt 2 smirks.
[Correction: they are hitting on you]

"Come with us babe, we'll show you a good time." Grunt 1 said.
"Sorry, but I'm busy right now." I turn but feel a hand grab me. "?"
"Don't you know who you're talking to, sweetheart? We're White Fang." Grunt 1 states.
"Yeah, so come with us or else there'll be… trouble." Grunt 2 emphasized.
[So that's their game? Abusing their power to get free sex? Classic, but weak as fuck]
My eyes glow blue and the grunts freeze in place. "You will return to patrol."
"We will return to patrol." The grunt lets me go and they walk away.
"Well, that was unpleasant." I finish my banana and throw away the peel. "And to think
women have to go through this kind of crap."
"Azule, I believe I may have found something." Saeko's voice echoes in my head.
'Where are you?'
"I'm at the library, on the other end of town."
'How convenient. I'm on my way.' I said. "[Payback Over Requiem: The World]."
The world turns grey as time grinds to a halt. A platinum aura surrounds me as I fly to the
other side of Kou Kuana and land in front of a large stone building. "[Time will Resume]."
Time resumes its progression as I walk through the front entrance. There's a front desk for a
librarian with doorways on either side leading to various bookshelves lined with books and
open areas and desks for multiple people to sit and read. Overall, just a regular library.
"Welcome." The librarian at the front desk greets me.
"Hm." I nod and walk further inside. "Saeko should be here somewhere."
It didn't take me long to find Saeko, sitting on a desk with a book in her hands. But what
draws my attention is the mature aura she's exuding as she reads. 'I can seriously imagine her
as a sexy librarian; hair bun and all.'
I take a single step forward and Saeko moves her head to look at me. "You got here quickly."
"What can I say? I'm quick on my feet." I quipped.
[If by that, you mean using the lack of gravity in stopped time to move in space with
ease, then sure]
"I managed to find a book on the so-called [Ghost Monument] , and I have to say it's quite
fascinating." Saeko revealed, drawing my attention.
"What does it say?" I inquired out of interest.

"It's a mysterious flying structure that is regarded as a mystical and almost sacred symbol to
the Faunus culture of Menagerie." Saeko informed me. "When the first Faunus had settled
here in Menagerie, the [Ghost Monument] had appeared in the sky, surprising the new
inhabitants. It wasn't the last time either as it appeared during both the Great War and the
Faunus Revolution." She shows me sketches of the [Aincrad] along with Fanus either
standing in awe or praying to it. "Regardless of whether there's prosperity or tragedy,
the [Ghost Monument] is a symbol of Faunus culture; a calamity that'll change the world."
I blink in surprise at the revelation as I pondered the implications.
'So essentially, the [Ghost Monument] is deeply rooted in Faunus society as an omen of great
change, whether good or bad.' I surmised.
[Talk about a dramatic religious symbol]
"Is there any info on where or when the [Ghost Monument] appears?" I asked.
"I'm afraid the appearances have been too random and sporadic to be predicted with any sort
of reasonable accuracy. The last record appearance was during the early days of the Faunus
Revolution, with the author commenting on how the groaning noise it made was both
haunting yet full of hope." Saeko states. "However, it does say it appears in the sky right off
the harbor of Kuo Kuana. The settlement was apparently established after the first sighting of
the [Ghost Monument] was considered a sign that this location was important."
"I see." I answered. It wasn't the definitive answer I was looking for, but it was a start. And it
wasn't like I couldn't find a way to get the [Ghost Monument] to intentionally appear after
some planning if necessary.
"What will we do?" Saeko says as she moves to put the book back where she found it.
"I'll contact the others to regroup at the town square and we'll proceed from there." I say as I
sent out a telepathic message. 'Guys, we got some info on the [Ghost Monument]. Meet us in
the town square.'
"Actually, we were just about to call you. There's a gathering at the town square, and it seems
the leaders of the White Fang are also coming." Merlin said.
'I see. I'll see you there.' I end the mental call.
"What is it?" Saeko asks.
"Something's happening at the town square. Let's go." The two of us quickly leave.
After a couple of minutes, we arrive and find a growing gathering of people at the town's
square.
"Oi!" The two of us look to see everyone with Saya waving at us.
"What's going on?" Saeko asks her friends.

"We don't know, all we heard is that there is a big gathering at the town square set up by the
leaders of the White Fang. Apparently, it's for something important." Rei answered, curious
as to what this is about.
I walk to one of the onlookers in the crowd and poke their shoulder, drawing his attention.
"Excuse me, sir. What exactly is causing all this excitement?" I politely asked.
"What!? Didn't ya hear?! The White Fang has accomplished something great today against
the greatest enemy of Faunus everywhere! They captured one of those so-called 'elite Atlas
operatives' sent by those bastards in Atlas to spy on us, and it turns out the bitch is one of
those wretched Schnee's!" The man proudly told us, causing all of our eyes to widen in shock
at the mention of the name.
The man promptly turned back around while we stepped away a bit from the crowd. Merlin
silently casted a noise cancellation barrier around us to ensure no one could hear us.
"Schnee? Isn't that Weiss-nee-chan's family?" Alice innocently asked.
"Yes, it is." Rei confirmed, growing alarmed at the possibility of someone related to Weiss
being in trouble.
"What is a Schnee doing all the way here in Menagerie?" Emerald asked in confusion. "They
live all the way up in Atlas, which is practically on the opposite side of Remnant."
"It's Weiss' older sister." I said drawing everyone's attention. "They said she was an elite
Atlas operative. The only Schnee I know in the Atlas military is Winter Schnee, General
Ironwood's right hand woman."
"But why would Atlas send a human to spy on the White Fang, and a Schnee no less? Did
they forget the Fang's bitter hatred for them!? It doesn't make any sense." Amber exclaims.
'She's right, it doesn't.' I thought. 'Ironwood may be many things, but he isn't this stupid. He
wouldn't risk sending Winter out on such a dangerous mission, not when she's his prime
candidate for the next [Winter Maiden].' I narrow my eyes. 'This smells like a fucking setup.'
[Agreed. Question is: who stands to gain from her death?]
Just then, a platoon of White Fang troops arrive before splitting up, making way for a group
of familiar people.
The first two that come into view are the Albian twins Fennec and Corsac, wearing their
robes from Volumes 4 and 5, they're in charge of recruitment as well as the information that
comes in and out of Menagerie.
Name: Fennec Albian
Title: Fox Ears, Manipulator, Faunus Supremacist

Affiliation: White Fang
Alignment: Neutral Evil
Race: Fox Faunus
Level: 22
HP: 2,457
MP: 0
SP: 2,677
AP: 2,311
Background: One of the Twin Fox Faunus brothers who were born in Menagerie, they
had aspirations of building a better world for Faunus, joining the White Fang with the
hope of attaining equal rights across Remnant. But after the tragic death of Kali
Belladona, they were among the first to support Ghira's establishment of the
Brotherhood and forcefully achieve a better world for Faunus.
Strength: A master of the dagger, his weapons use Dust in a manner akin to magic
generated from wands. He is a master of espionage and information management.
Weakness: Fennec is vulnerable to loud sounds and similar phenomena due to his ears
and can occasionally be indecisive.
Personal thoughts: This is a glorious day for the White Fang. We had done the
impossible and captured the dreaded enemy to all Faunuskind.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Telegraph
Ultimate Skill: N/A
[Telegraph]
Allows Fennec to transmit his thoughts to others, however, he can only relay messages
or announcements and not actually speak to them.
Name: Corsac Albian
Title: Fox Tail, Manipulator, Faunus Supremacist
Affiliation: White Fang
Alignment: Neutral Evil

Race: Fox Faunus
Level: 21
HP: 2,209
MP: 0
SP: 2,431
AP: 2,080
Background: [Expand]
Strength: A master of the dagger, his weapons use Dust in a manner akin to magic
generated from wands. In addition, Corsac's smooth voice and choice of words can
draw anyone's attention. His way with words and talent on reading character allows
him to compose the "perfect" words.
Weakness: Corsair is often too impatient and aggressive compared to his twin, leading
to more mistakes.
Personal thoughts: Our prayers and supplications have finally been answered. At last,
the White Fang can finally take the first step towards recognition.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Persuasion
Ultimate Skill: N/A
[Persuasion]
Allows Corsac to subtly control people with his words. He can also plant messages into
others and let them act on it believing their actions are their own.
Next is Sienna Khan, the White Fang's vice-leader and vice-Chief to Menagerie. She is
responsible for resource management as well as the air commander for their fledgling air
force.
Name: Sienna Khan
Title: White Fang Air Commander, Vice-Chief of Menagerie, Vice-Leader of the White
Fang, Faunus Supremacist
Affiliation: White Fang
Alignment: Neutral Evil

Race: Tiger Faunus
Level: 39
HP: 3,712
MP: 0
SP: 3,300
AP: 3,409
Background: Born in Mistral, Sienna had a rough upbringing due to discrimination and
abuse stemming from being a Tiger Faunus. She would join the White Fang in the
hopes of improving life for Faunus everywhere, though largely disagreed with the
pacifistic approach it originally took. But when Kali Belladona tragically died, she was
the first to support Ghira's reformation into the Brotherhood and become his loyal
second-in-command and would play a pivotal role in its shift as a militaristic Faunus
Supremacy organization, believing it was the only way for Faunus to truly secure a
prosperous future.
Strength: She is an expert strategist and military leader, along with being extremely
proficient in whip-based combat and combining it with Dust for devastating effects.
Weakness: She has a fiery temper, stubborn, and has the propensity to underestimate
potential betrayal.
Personal thoughts: What was Atlas thinking sending a Schnee here? But I guess it
doesn't matter, they lose a strong asset and we finally get to kill a Schnee.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Grudge
Ultimate Skill: N/A
[Grudge]
Activates on foes that have their [Aura] weakened or broken, making her stronger,
faster, more vicious when going in for the kill.
Next is Trifa and Yuma, the White Fang Assassins. Their position is unique as they are both
leaders of two different squads: the [Black Widows] and the [Impalers]. The [Black
Widows] are elite assassins, and are in charge of taking care of targets that make "too much
noise". The [Impalers] are in charge of espionage, interrogation, torture, and demolition
operations. They're called [Impalers] because of the fact their targets always end up impaled
on something, whether that's metal rods, rocks, or their own weapons.

Name: Trifa
Title: Head of the White Fang Assassination Squadron, Black Widow, Poisoner, Serial
Killer
Affiliation: White Fang
Alignment: Chaotic Evil
Race: Spider Faunus
Level: 40
HP: 3,900
MP: 0
SP: 4,523
AP: 3,689
Background: Born in the kingdom of Mistral, Trifa's early life involved great
persecution even by Faunus standards due to being a rare Arachnid Faunus, which
were considered more dangerous and freakish than regular Faunus. She joined the
White Fang due to being the only major organization at the time that sought to improve
life for all Faunus, though her childhood scars made her resentful at the lack of
meaningful improvements for equal rights. When the White Fang was reformed into the
Brotherhood, the disillusioned Ghira Belladonna recognized her talents and would put
her as one of the leaders of the Brotherhood's covert ops, being their top assassin.
Strength: Her Semblance and ability to produce webs, in conjunction with her mastery
in knife combat and acrobatics, make her near-peerless as an assassin. She's also skilled
with chemicals, concocting various poisons and other useful chemicals for assassination
and field missions.
Weakness: She is pessimistic, has a fear of heights, and can't handle certain smells. She
also can't stand Yuma and the two often break into arguments that lead into brutal
combat.
Personal thoughts: This is the best day of my life! I hope the chief lets me be the
executioner~
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Invisibility
Ultimate Skill: N/A

[Invisibility]
Renders Trifa invisible to the naked eye, however, it can only be maintained for 5
minutes and can still be detectable through non-human sensory
Name: Yuma
Title: Head of the White Fang Torture and Interrogation Force, The Impaler, Sadist,
Torturer, Serial Killer
Affiliation: White Fang
Alignment: Chaotic Evil
Race: Bat Faunus
Level: 39
HP: 3,721
MP: 0
SP: 3,566
AP: 3,409
Background: Born as an orphan in the kingdom of Vale, Yuma endured continuous
abuse growing up on the streets of Vale before being given support by the White Fang,
which sought to improve life for all Faunus and particularly help Faunus with especially
bad upbringings. Though grateful to the White Fang for their acceptance of him and
their goal, he wasn't fully supportive of its pacifist approach, and was overjoyed when it
became a military regime. Wanting to inflict pain on a world that only discriminated
and abused him, he takes joy in inflicting copious amounts of torture to his targets
disguised as "interrogation" and his methods growing more ruthless over time. Because
of this and his reputation for bringing results, he became one of the leaders of the
Brotherhood's Covert Ops alongside Trifa, specializing in espionage, torture, and
demolitions.
Strength: Like actual bats, Yuma is a master of aerial combat thanks to his bat wings,
along with possessing impressive night vision and good hearing, and is an accomplished
interrogator and sadist.
Weakness: He is a sadistic and borderline psychopath. He prefers to operate alone as he
sees his own ops as dead weight who he'd torture for the fun of it. He hates Trifa to the
bone, seeing her as an amateur who relies on cheap tricks to get the job done. His eyes
can't handle intense light.
Personal thoughts: So we finally caught ourselves a Schnee. This is almost too good to
be true.

Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Soundwave
Ultimate Skill: N/A
[Soundwave]
Generates and projects sound waves for a variety of purposes as well as amplifies
Yuma's own voice.
"My brothers and sisters, today we will celebrate what will be marked as a momentous
occasion for not just the Brotherhood of the White Fang, but for all of Faunuskind! One that I
guarantee will show all of Remnant that the age of Faunus is at hand!" Corsair Albain says, to
the cheers of the crowd. "But far be it from me to deprive the privilege to mark this day from
our glorious chieftain, Ghira Belladonna!"
The crowd continues to cheer as 2 men come forward. The first is Adam Taurus wearing his
iconic outfit: an asymmetrical black, long-sleeved, double-breasted stylized high-collared
blazer with slit sleeves along with red thorn sigils adorned with a white crest that lined up on
his left shoulder. His suit jacket had crimson lining atop his red shirt, a half-buttoned blazer,
long black pants, black shoes with red soles and black gloves with the Greek letter Ω
(Omega), and a Grimm-themed mask that covers his entire upper face leaving only his mouth
and nose visible.
The other man was a burly individual in his early 40s who had black hair and a large beard
with a shaved lip and golden eyes with slitted pupils resembling those of a cat. He wore a
black coat with red fur along the neckline, waist, and bottom edges, along with black pants,
and silver metallic armor on his arms, shoulders, legs, and abdomen, though he lacked a shirt
underneath and subsequently exposed his chest and the tuft of fur that was present. What
stands out, though, are the burn scars on the edges of the left side of his face.
Name: Adam Taurus
Title: The Beast, White Fang Field Commander, Spiteful Samurai, Crimson Bull,
Berserker, Faunus Supremacist, Homicidal Murderer, Thief, Terrorist
Affiliation: Schnee Dust Company (Former), Menagerie, White Fang
Alignment: Chaotic Evil
Race: Bull Faunus
Level: 82
HP: 9,768
MP: 0

SP: 9,901
AP: 8,788
Background: Growing up an orphan in the slums of Mantle, Adam Taurus was forced
to work alongside other impoverished and disenfranchised Faunus as a child and early
teen in the unsafe conditions of a Schnee Dust mine owned by the Schnee Dust
Company. Enduring continuous abuse and inhumane treatment, it eventually
culminated in an argument with a supervisor who wanted to make an "example" of him
by brutally branding him with the SDC logo directly on his face, scarring him for life
and blinding his left eye. Developing a personal vendetta against humanity for the cruel
treatment, Adam found a home among the White Fang and supported its efforts for
equal rights for Faunus. Initially at odds with Ghira Belladonna after he killed a human
to save Ghira's life, the tragic death of Kali Belladonna and the subsequent change in
Ghira caused him to reconcile with Adam and appoint him as the Field Commander in
the newly-formed Brotherhood due to recognizing his talent in combat. Serving as a
combat instructor, partner, and lover to Ghira's daughter Blake Belladonna, her
abandonment and subsequent break-up with him hurt and enraged Adam, driving him
down an even darker and spiteful path, desiring to kill Blake for her betrayal, a desire
that was supported by Ghira also marking her for death while disinheriting her as his
daughter.
Strength: A highly talented prodigy in both melee and mid-to-long range combat, Adam
ranks among the Brotherhood's best fighters in both single combat and against multiple
opponents. He is an accomplished swordsman and marksman with his weapon, Wilt
and Blush, and is further accentuated by his Semblance, [Moonslice]. He is also highly
intelligent, quick thinking, a skilled manipulator, and an accomplished expert in
strategy and psychological warfare, making him extremely dangerous against most
opponents in Remnant.
Weakness: Due to all the persecution and abuse throughout his youth, he is a very
aggressive individual who has increasingly gone down a dark path. His betrayal by
Blake made him increasingly vengeful and spiteful. He is an embittered, ruthless,
sadistic and vengeful man, willing to cut down any opposition towards his twisted ideas
of justice being dispensed upon Humanity, even at times his own comrades if they get in
his way.
Personal thoughts: Finally, FINALLY! I WILL FINALLY KILL ONE OF THE
SCHNEE! It may not be Jacques, but it'll do for now. And then the next, and the next,
until their bloodline is completely wiped from the face of history! And when I'm done
Blake… I will personally show you the definition of a living hell!
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Moonslice, Vengeful Wrath, Bloodlust
Ultimate Skill: N/A

[Moonslice]
Adam Taurus' Semblance, which allows him to absorb or block the energy from an
enemy attack and re-emit it again in powerful red energy strikes, along with boosting
his speed and strength. However, Adam can only absorb energy through a weapon to
utilize his Semblance properly.
[Vengeful Wrath]
Raises the user's stats by 50% when fighting a target of rage.
[Bloodlust]
Intimidates a target by inducing intense fear into their minds. Causes short-term
[Paralysis] and lowers stats by 30%; effects will be longer on lower-leveled targets.
Name: Ghira Belladonna
Title: High Leader of the Brotherhood of the White Fang, Chieftain of Menagerie,
Wrathful Widower, Warmonger, Faunus Supremacist, Terrorist
Affiliation: White Fang, Menagerie
Alignment: Lawful Evil
Race: Panther Faunus
Level: 83
HP: 10,013
MP: 0
SP: 9,900
AP: 9,708
Background: A powerful and charismatic Faunus with an affinity for leadership, Ghira
Belladonna was the Chieftain of Menagerie and was originally an idealist who wished to
improve life for all Faunus across Remnant, establishing the White Fang as a peaceful
organization aimed at achieving that goal with his beloved wife and daughter, Kali and
Blake Belladonna. Initially aware that accomplishing such a goal in the face of antiFaunus persecution would be an uphill battle with hardships and struggles, everything
changed when Kali tragically died saving him from a bomb set by a human to disrupt a
peaceful protest. The grief of losing his wife and the bitterness at humanity for the
ostracization of his kind who simply desired equality and fair treatment turned into a
burning rage and insatiable thirst for vengeance, reforming the White Fang as a
militaristic Faunus Supremacy organization that would be known as the Brotherhood of
the White Fang. Resorting to increasingly darker means related to military combat,
assassination, and acts of terrorism, his desire to forcefully create a better world for

Faunus drove him to consider any Faunus who didn't support or outright opposed the
Brotherhood's efforts as traitors and enemies to be killed, with not even his own
daughter Blake being an exception upon her abandoning the Brotherhood due to being
increasingly horrified and disgusted with what her father and the White Fang has
become.
Strength: Ghira is unparalleled in melee combat when compared to his fellow Faunus
due to his natural physical capabilities further honed with years of training and his
Faunus traits of Panther Claws. A master of multiple martial arts, his combat prowess
is further complemented by his Semblance, [Predator, which makes him a highly
dangerous opponent against any individual or team or even large groups of opponents.
He is also a natural leader of the highest level and possesses extremely high charisma,
impressive strategic and political skills that allow him to accomplish his goals with an
impressive success rate, and a high level of intelligence and adaptability.
Weakness: His desire to achieve a better life for Faunus by any means, mixed with the
grief and rage of losing his wife and the long history of persecution that Faunus have
endured, make him a relentless and unforgiving individual who will do whatever it
takes to accomplish his goal, no matter how much death and destruction is involved.
Personal Thoughts: This will show the true might of Faunuskind to humanity and
illustrate what will fall against humanity for what it has done to us. Not even the
greatest human leaders, armies, or Huntsman will be able to believe they will go
unpunished once we have killed a Schnee!
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Predator, Charisma
Ultimate Skill: N/A
[Predator]
Ghira's Semblance. It provides a continuous, exponential increase in physical and
sensory capabilities that further multiplies in the face of increasing danger, limited only
by the amount of [Aura] he has to supply it.
Ghira simply raised a hand, causing the crowd to simmer down until it was completely silent,
everyone's attention now focused on him.
"My brothers and sisters." Ghira finally says, his voice calm and collected as he addresses
everyone. "Today marks a significant moment in Faunus history as part of our efforts of
building a better world for Faunus everywhere. For far too long, our people have been
ostracized, neglected, mistreated, exploited, and demonized all over the world. Even after our
contributions during the Great War and the supposed abolition of slavery against Faunus, our
people continued to suffer throughout the years. Whether in being given this continent as a
supposed 'gift' in spite of being mostly inhospitable, used as indentured servants and cheap

labor under the pretense of legitimate employment, being labeled as criminals or animals for
peacefully protesting our desire for equality, or even murdering our own family members and
showing little to no sympathy or justice!"
Angry yells broke out from the crowd as they expressed their frustration from all the
injustices that Faunus had endured, but quieted down as Ghira continued.
"But after that fateful day that I lost the love of my life, I and so many others here and across
Remnant discovered a painful truth: that our world, no matter how vast, will never be big
enough for humanity and Faunus to coexist!" Ghira says, his voice turning more passionate
as his words drew cheers from the crowd. "Humanity has constantly sought to belittle or
demonize us since the beginning of history, and they have only increased their efforts as we
actively resisted them! Calling us animals, savages, monsters, murderers, even terrorists!
Because it's easier to do than accepting that this is simply the consequences of all the
injustices that Faunus have endured in our hope of forging a better future for our kind and
future generations! But rather than be discouraged by such labels, we wear them as badges of
honor! For if wanting to build a better future for our kind and getting justice against those
who have committed numerous crimes and mistreated us makes 'monsters' or 'terrorists', then
we are gladly guilty!"
This drew more cheers from the crowd as Ghira gestures to Adam, who pulls on a metal
chain and someone stumbles forward. She's a woman with a curvy hourglass figure wearing a
customized Atlas Specialist uniform, though it's heavily bloodied with slash marks
everywhere and pieces of the uniform having been forcefully ripped off, revealing her stained
white underwear that emphasizes her wide hips, heart-shaped ass, and H-cup breasts. She's
also wearing a brown sack over her head with a large red stain where her mouth is.
"And today, we will show justice against arguably the greatest enemy that Faunus all over the
world have faced in decades for their numerous crimes against Faunus everywhere! I present
to you all a member of the accursed Schnee family!" Ghira reveals as the bag is removed
from the figure's head, revealing Winter Schnee whose face is completely swollen and
bloodied, with blood streaming from her mouth and right eye, and her head completely
lacking her trademark white hair.
Name: Winter Schnee
Title: Ace Specialist, Runaway Schnee, Iron Schnee, Ice Queen, Vice-Commander of
Atlas Military
Affiliation: Schnee Dust Company (Former), Atlas Military
Race: Human
Level: 72
HP: 809
MP: 0

SP: 512
AP: 0
Background: The firstborn child of Jacques and Willow Schnee, Winter Schnee grew up
under the dysfunctional relationship of her arrogant, greedy, and controlling father and
her distant, alcoholic mother with a younger sister and brother, Weiss and Whitley, with
Winter being the most responsible and supportive figure for her siblings in light of her
parents' glaring issues. Originally groomed to be the Schnee heiress, Winter refused to
be her father's pawn and instead wished to forge her own path and to honor the true
Schnee legacy set by her grandfather by training to be a Huntress at the Atlas Academy
and eventually joining the Atlas Military as its top Specialist and the trusted lieutenant
of General James Ironwood, though this came at the expense of being disinherited by
her father and reducing contact with her siblings to sporadic visits at best. She has
dedicated her life to trying to help as best and as efficiently as she can as one of Atlas'
top Huntresses, unknowingly being chosen as Ironwood's prime candidate for the next
[Winter Maiden].
Strength: One of the best Elite Huntresses in both Atlas and Remnant as a whole,
Winter is extremely proficient in melee combat, particularly swordsmanship and
martial arts, being extremely adept in both single combat and against multiple
opponents, whether they are Human, Faunus, or Grimm. She is also a gifted leader and
strategist, having earned a high-ranking position in the Atlas military and has a
successful mission record when leading military forces, drones, or fellow Huntsman.
Her family's hereditary Semblance, Glyphs, grants her a versatile arsenal of abilities
and potential applications resembling those of Magic that are useful in a variety of
different situations.
Weakness: Despite her best efforts to be composed, level-headed, and serious, Winter
can at times be hot-headed and can lose all restraint upon getting angry, her difficult
upbringing being a sore trigger for her as well. Her loyalty to Ironwood often causes her
to ignore or downplay his flaws, even when it comes to questionable decisions, which
can have consequences for her or those she cares about.
Personal Thoughts: It's over. Atlas has left me for dead… the general has abandoned
me… I'm so sorry Weiss.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Glyph
Ultimate Skill: N/A
[Glyphs]
The hereditary Semblance of the Schnee Family, which involves creating a flat Glyph
made of [Aura] which has a variety of effects, such as enhancement of movements and

physical capabilities, acting as makeshift barriers, conjuring avatars of defeated foes,
and creating Dust formations resembling elemental magic spells.
"This Schnee was found slithering around the forest surrounding our home, spying on us for
her precious masters hiding in their floating fortress of metal and ice." Ghira snapped. "But
our own Adam Taurus managed to corner her, and while the battle was fierce, she was no
match for his might! Her current form is a testament to the strength of our mission, and proof
that even GODS can bleed!"
Seeing Winter in such a condition almost made everyone sick except for Merlin and I, though
we're still shocked nonetheless. Merlin had thankfully covered Alice's eyes when she saw
Winter being dragged, suspecting her condition wasn't pretty.
'I knew Faunus hated the Schnees but this is something else. This is just sick! If it wasn't
for [Appraisal] I doubt I would have recognized her.' I felt disgusted as I glanced at a certain
head of interrogation. 'This is no doubt Yuma's work, though I get the feeling Adam played a
role in this too.'
"I-is that really Weiss' sister? What have they done to her?" Rei asked in shock.
"This isn't torture, this is rage." Merlin says, analyzing the woman's terrible state.
"I told you, pretty much all Faunus hate the Schnee family for what their company has done
against Faunus. The Brotherhood even more so, especially given how many have directly
suffered at the SDC's hands." Amber said, no less horrified at Winter's condition.
"I knew the Schnees had a bad rep with Faunus and that the Brotherhood could be brutal, but
that's just awful." Emerald looks around the cheering crowd with disgust. "And what's worse
is that the people are loving it."
"W-We can't just let Weiss' big sister be killed by these guys, right?!" Saya hissed out.
"Asmodeus-kun, what should we do?" Saeko asked, drawing everyone's attention to me.
I glance at the girls' pleading looks. "... we wait."
"WHAT!?" The girls almost screamed before quickly covering their mouths.
"Trust me. I know what I'm doing." I assure them as Ghira continues his speech.
"I imagine you are in great pain, Schnee?" Ghira mockingly asks Winter. "Well, the pain you
feel is nothing compared to what humanity has continuously done to us for millennia." He
grabs Winter's chin to make her look at him. "We were never given any sympathy nor justice,
even after the supposed 'equality' we were given after the Great War. And your family, in
particular, have continually exploited and ostracized Faunus across Remnant for years just to
fill up your pockets."
"I-I have never discriminated or mistreated Faunus, let alone support or turn a blind eye to
those who do." Winter weakly said, her words almost inaudible. "The grievances Faunuses
have with my family are my father's doing!"

"Quiet, you Schnee bitch!" Trifa yells as she punches Winter in the stomach, forcing her to
slump to the ground and cough up blood. "You'd say anything to deny your family's crimes
and avoid punishment!"
Trifa's words drew shouts of agreement from the crowd.
"Well said, Trifa, I couldn't have put it better myself." Ghira applauded her before coldly
looking at Winter. "For your family's crimes against Faunus, I, Ghira Belladonna, sentence
you to death!"
More bloodthirsty cheers from the crowd erupted at the declaration by Ghira.
"May I have the honor of executing this Schnee bitch, High Leader Belladonna?!" Trifa
eagerly asked, hoping to be the one to kill Winter.
"While I appreciate your enthusiasm Trifa, I'm afraid Adam has earned that privilege." Ghira
says in amusement, causing the assassin to deflate. "But don't worry, I promise you will have
the honor of killing the other Schnee spawn."
This made Trifa's mood brighten up and she went back in line.
Adam grabs Winter's shaved head and forces her to look at him. "Look upon my face,
Schnee." He removes his mask, revealing the 'SDC' brand running across the left side of his
face and rendering that eye blind. "This is what your wretched family's company did to me
when I was forced to work for them, saying they wanted to make an 'example' of me. Still
want to pretend you are somehow innocent?"
Winter didn't say anything, knowing nothing she would say would prevent what was coming,
and seeing the brand of her family's company logo on Adam's face only evoked great shame
and guilt from her.
He then grabs her collar and rips the upper part of her uniform off, showing her bare chest to
the entire crowd.
"Be honored, Schnee. Despite your transgressions, you shall serve as the mark for our first
step towards world-wide revolution!" Ghira exclaims to the cheers of the crowd.
Adam draws his sword [Wilt] , from the rife-sheath [Blush] , readying the blade to behead
Winter.
'Forgive me, Weiss. Because of that wretched man, you and Whitley are caught up in all of
this. I regret not being a better sister to you both.' Winter closes her eye as she awaits her
end.
*BANG!*
The world grinds to an abrupt halt by the sound of a single gun fired.
"Who dares disrupt this sacred event!?" Ghira angrily demands.

"Sacred event, Belladonna?" The crowd parts as I walk forward holding [Ace of Spades] up
high. "This is bad comedy."
"HOW DARE YOU!?" Adam raged but a single motion from Ghira stopped him in his
tracks.
"What do you want, sister?" Ghira calmly asks but I can see his emotions are ready to burst.
"Simple, I want the Schnee." I said, drawing looks of rage from the WF higher ups.
"You human sympathizer!" Trifa spat out.
"Why?" Ghira asks.
Just then, the entire crowd suddenly collapses around the White Fang, leaving only 7 girls
awake.
"Would you like to repeat the question?" I said.
"What is this?! What did you do?!" Fennec asked in surprise, shocked at so many people
being incapacitated.
"Surprised? That was but a taste." I mocked the Fox Faunus before looking at Ghira. "I am
more than familiar with humanity's flaws and its history of mistreating others, and I can
safely say that some deserve retribution. But this? This is just murder."
"Sacrifices must be made for the future of Faunus." Adam said.
"Future? This isn't about the future, this is you lashing out at the bleak reality of the world.
No, this is a vendetta." I spat out. "You want to start a war against humanity, all while
becoming everything the White Fang stood against."
"The old White Fang is dead. It died when the humans killed one of our own." Corsac
reasoned.
I arch an eyebrow at the Fox Faunus. "Now you're using the chieftain's wife to justify your
massacres? Have you no shame?"
"Enough!" Ghira screamed, having reached his wits end. "Since you wish to save this
Schnee's life, that makes you an enemy of the White Fang, and you will die as such!"
"The only thing that's gonna happen here is a one-sided ass-kicking, and one that won't go
how you all expect." I telekinetically pull Winter to use via [Absolute Psionic] faster than
any of the White Fang can react, and I leave the injured Schnee with Emerald, Amber, and
Alice as I turn to look at them. "You three stay here and protect Winter while we deal with
these psychos." Getting nods from Emerald and Amber, I turn to look at Alice. "Alice, I need
you to be a big girl and protect them while the rest of us stick it to the bad guys."
"Okay, Angel-nii-san!" Alice nodded in understanding, happy to help her surrogate big
sisters. Even though she was largely kept out of conflicts in order to retain her childish

innocence and purity, Alice did spend 3 years of training in the [Hyperbolic Time
Chamber] like everyone else, meaning she ultimately wouldn't be in any real danger from
the White Fang.
New Mission Unlocked!
Mission: Put the Animals Down.
The White Fang cannot be persuaded to change, so they must be put down.
Objective 1: Defeat WF grunts (0/52)
Objective 2: Defeat WF Commanders (0/7)
Objective 3: Keep Winter Schnee alive
Bonus: Be there when the Aincrad appears
Rewards: 345,876 EXP, 222,032 Credits, Perks, Items, Skills, Blake Belladonna
AFF/REP increases
Failure: EXP and Credits are cut by half, Blake Belladonna AFF/REP decreases
I then turn to Merlin and the girls of Takashi's group. "Come on girls, let's teach these
bloodthirsty extremists a lesson."
"BRING ME THEIR HEADS!" All of the WF members charge and quickly close in on us.
I smirk and pull the massive [Unmakyr MAX] out from my hammer space and pull the
trigger, firing concentrated Argent plasma at the targets. The moment the Argent makes
contact their bodies instantly explode into red mist and visible chunks of red meat.
"W-What!?" A shocked Ghira mumbles as his army stops dead in their tracks.
"What's wrong? Never seen a Big Fucking Gun before?" I mocked.
"Do not falter brothers and sisters!" Corsac's voice brings them back to reality. "She may look
powerful, but we are MIGHTY. Our will combined will be the key to victory!"
The WF soldiers roar and charge, invigorated by the fox's words, obviously the work of
his [Semblance].
[Fools. They think numbers mean something here. Time to show them the cold reality of
their situation]
I fire my BFG at the suicidal zealots, Hell's energy ripping their bodies to pieces with each
shot fired.
"M-Monster…!" A WF grunt shrieks before his body explodes from exposure.

"C'mon, where's your so-called might!?" I taunt the White Fang as they turn into literal
bloodstains around me.
You have eliminated White Fang soldier. You have gained 4,675 EXP(x52)! You have
gained 3,211 Credits(x52)!
Level Up!
'I love this fucking gun!'
*PING!*
I move out of the way as something slashes the air, only to see Trifa covered in a glowing
membrane; completely different from [Aura].
"I see you." I said and Trifa shuddered at what that meant.
I raise the barrel of [Unmakyr MAX] just in time to block Adam's sword.
"I'll kill you!" Adam roars as he puts more strength into his sword, but the damn weapon
won't break.
"You're gonna need to try a little harder than that!" I kick Adam in the stomach, rocketing
him away and crashing into a nearby building.
Trifa tries to go for the kill again only to back away as a black blur barely misses her face.
"Get the hell away from him!" Saya goes to knee the assassin, but she manages to leap back
at the last second. "Dammit!"
Adam walks out of the building he was sent crashing into, readjusting his mask as he grinds
his teeth at the one responsible.
'Let's make this more fun.' I send my gun back to the [Inventory]. "Trace On." A plain
katana materializes in my hand.
[Nameless Odachi]
Rank: D
A simple store-bought katana with no special qualities.
6,082 + STR Physical Damage
But before I attack, a clawed hand forces me back as Ghira Belladonna steps in, with veins
popping across his scarred face.
"Taurus, I am very disappointed in you." Ghira glares at his field commander with disdain.
"To be unable to take care of a little girl and forcing me to intervene, you bring shame to the
Fang."

Adam grits his teeth at his words in frustration, but knows that he's right.
[So now we have to fight both the ex AND the dad. The curse of the Bellabooty is real]
I raise my odachi above my head and take a stance. "Let's rock."
"Ha!" The Fox Faunus twins unleash a flurry of coordinated attacks against Merlin, who
casually dodge each of their attacks with no real effort, her millennia of experience and 3
years of training with her lover made dealing with opponents of this level like they were
nothing.
"A shame a Faunus as beautiful as you must be our enemy." Corsair taunts, trying to sound
confident despite his rising exhaustion. "If you surrender now and help us in subduing that
traitorous Monkey Faunus girl, the White Fang may show leniency."
"Big talk for 2 little boys trying to act like men yet can't even land a single scratch on me. It
can't even count as a warm-up." Merlin calmly replied.
"We are simply retaliating for the millennia of persecution, torture, ostracization, and
exploitation, even after we were SUPPOSED to be given equal rights and accepted by
humanity. How is it wrong for us to act like this!?" Corsair questioned, as he and his brother
secretly made sure their weapons were stocked with enough Dust for their next attack.
Merlin's demeanor turned cold. "The way humanity has treated Faunus in this world is
undeniably wrong and there are those who deserve justice, but your response to it is far worse
and even aimed at fellow Faunus who won't support you, and you are even willing to brutally
torture and murder those who do not deserve it." A dark look appears on Merlin's face. "And
worst of all, you tried to kill someone who is a family member of a friend of mine, which I
cannot overlook."
"Corsair, there's no point in trying to persuade this traitor! Let's just incinerate her!" Fennec
berates Corsair before both aimed their wand-daggers at Merlin. A flurry of fire and wind,
respectively, is unleashed from their weapons and combines into a blazing inferno that heads
towards Merlin.
Merlin simply lifts her hand. "[Perfect Cube]."
A cube-like barrier of magic forms around Merlin and both protects her and reflects the
inferno back at the surprised brothers that subsequently consumes and blasts them away.
When the flames disappear, the brothers are revealed to be alive, though their [Aura] had
been broken and were covered in small burns.
"Y-You fucking bitch…!" Fennec glares at Merlin with burning hatred. "You've… only
delayed the inevitable…!"
"We are the future of Faunus kind… we won't die by our own flames!" Corsac firmly adds.
"..." Merlin let the two continue.

"I do not why you chose to protect that piece of human trash, but those children won't stop us
from getting to her." A crooked smile forms on Fennec's face. "It's a shame we have to kill
the little puppy, it's not often we run into someone so pure and innocent like her."
Something in Merlin snapped at that moment as her next words sent shudders down the
twins' spines.
"[Chaos Purgatory]." She fires a tiny violet orb at the brothers and it pops just a few inches
in front of them.
"AAAHHHH!" The twins scream as their skin turns purple before their bodies dissolve into
nothing.
"... enjoy your eternity of suffering."
"Ha!" Rei swings her chainsword against Yuma, knocking one of his pistol-swords out of his
hands to the ground beneath him and pushing him a considerable distance away in the air, the
two of them engaging in aerial combat above Menagerie.
"Gah! How can a Cat Faunus even fly without wings?! Is this your [Semblance]?!" Yuma
rants in frustration, as what he hoped would be an easy victory where he could torture his
opponent before killing her turned into a one-sided beatdown, with HIM on the receiving
end!
"Not at all. I'm just a girl of many talents and great friends!" Rei says while activating the
sub-machine gun mode and firing multiple enchanted rounds at the Faunus.
Yuma only barely managed to dodge the bullets, which turned out to be the right call as they
hit the ground with the force of cannonballs.
"You stupid feline! Not only are you undermining our efforts for a better future for Faunus,
but you're even protecting one of those wretched Schnee's!" Yuma growled at Rei, causing
her to glare at him.
"You guys say you want to build a better future for Faunuses, but all you've done is prove that
you're even WORSE than most humans in the world!" Rei berated. She may not be a native
of Remnant or super-familiar with the history of Faunus, but even she could see what the
White Fang was doing was wrong. "And you heard Winter! The grievances that Faunus kind
have against the Schnees are Jacques Schnee's doing, not his kids!"
"You're actually defending those wretched Schnees, yet you claim we're somehow worse?!"
Yuma angrily retorts, a sadistic gleam in his eyes. "I'm gonna enjoy hearing you scream, girl."
Rei glares at him and charges forward at high speeds, but before she can strike she is blasted
by Yuma's intense shockwave strong enough to shatter glass.
"...!" Rei groans as she tries to pull herself up only to be pinned down by the powerful
shockwaves.

'Hehe. No one escapes my cone of pressurized sound. You'll be pinned down until your organs
rupture from the vibrations~' Yuma said before noticing something wrong. "?"
Rei shifts her chainsword back into a sniper barrel and flips it around. She then raises her
body just enough to pull back her arm and throws the barrel like a spear, the tips extend and
electrify as they reach its destination: Yuma's throat.
"!" Yuma reacts too late and he is electrocuted with over 72V running across his body,
his [Aura] absorbs the lethal dose until it gives out on him.
"Ah!" Yuma falls to his knees, a burn mark visible in the middle of his throat. "That bit-!"
However that's when he realizes his mistake and looks up to see a white sole heading straight
for him.
Rei kicks Yuma in the face with all of her strength, ripping his head off his body and sending
it flying towards a meat cart.
She picks up the barrel and reattaches it before putting it away. "Good riddance."
"Argh, YOU ARE SO ANNOYING!" Saya roars as she punches a hole into the barracks but
it turns out to be a dud again. "Show yourself, you spider whore!"
On a random roof, an invisible Trifa overlooks the destruction Saya's causing with cold sweat
as she searches for her.
'This bitch is insane! She's tearing up the barracks with no regard for anything. How the fuck
are we the same type of Faunus!?' Trifa exclaims. Ever since she tried to attack that monkey
bitch, she hasn't stopped. From the general district all the way to the WF barracks, she
followed her like a Bloodhound, tearing up everything around just to get to her.
'My [Semblance] won't last much longer. If I can't find a way to kill this bitch soon I'm
dead.' Trifa gulps before she realizes something. 'That's right!' She goes through her pouch
and pulls out a vial of strange liquid. 'Since she's a spider like me, then the concentrated
Pyrethrins should be able to kill her. I just need to figure out a way to get close so she can
drink it.' But that's when her body froze up as if a colossal hand was gripping her, squeezing
the very life from her soul. The cold breath of death swept over her from behind, constricting
her ability to breathe. Mustering the courage to glance back at the source of this terror, she
was met with a smiling Saya standing over her. And that smile, gods, it was like she's staring
at something inhuman.
"Found yooooooooou~" Saya sings, her wide smile sending chills straight to her soul.
"Eep!" Trifa shrieks and makes a run for it. 'How did she find me!? I should have another
minute before my [Semblance] deactivates!'
"Where do you think you're going?" Before Trifa can look, a black fist collides with her face
sending her straight towards the ground, creating a mushroom cloud of dust and debris.

When the dust clears, the barracks are completely in shambles, the urbanized homes of
dozens of WF members have been completely blown away.
In the middle of it all is Trifa, her [Aura] shattering to light dust as it absorbed the full force
of the attack, leaving her completely weakened.
"Dammit…!" Trifa coughed as she slowly got up, only for a black boot to pin her down into
the ground.
"You know, I was so mad at you, I completely forgot about the fact I can sense life energy. If
I hadn't, I would have caught you a lot sooner." Saya said, confusing the assassin.
"W-What… the hell are you-AHH!" Trifa doesn't finish as Saya puts more pressure on her
back.
"Looking at you right now, all I see is an ant desperately clinging to life." Saya mused. "I
used to burn ants with a magnifying glass, then my mom told me to stop because it was a vile
act, but I didn't see it that way. I stopped of course, but I knew that in any world, the strong
trample over the weak; it's simply in our nature. But when someone stronger than you
appears, you falter as fear grips you like a cancer, and you devolve into that ant you burned
under the sunlight."
"Ahhh!" Trifa's groans knock Saya back into her senses.
"Oh! Sorry, I was rambling a bit back there." Saya raises her hand as energy starts to build up
in her fist. "Now, let's put you out of your misery."
"S-Stop! Please…!" Trifa pleads but it falls to deaf ears.
"Rest in peace." Saya brings her fist down and the area is engulfed in a wide explosion of
light.
Adam roars and charges forward, his attacks are wild and nearly unpredictable, yet to me
they're easily blocked.
"FIGHT ME BITCH!" Adam screams, throbbing at the mouth.
[What the hell is wrong with him? Did Ghira's words really rattle him to the edge?]
"No thanks." I trap his blade in the guard and force it off his hand with a simple tug. Just
then, a large shadow rises and when I turn to look a massive fist hurls itself towards me,
creating a shockwave along with a mushroom cloud of earth and dust.
When the dust settles, it shows a struggling Ghira as his first is blocked by the katana and in
the other holds [Blush] pointed squarely on Adam's face.
"You guys were outmatched from the very beginning, but your ego's and hatred prevented
you from realizing this." I say before I promptly sent Ghira flying away after being kicked in
the abdomen before spinning and performing a leg sweep that knocks Adam to the ground.

The [Nameless Odachi] shatters into light as I aim [Blush] at his heart. "Any last words?"
But to my surprise, Adam lets out a dark laugh.
"I haven't gotten to show you my full strength yet, bitch!" Adam pulls out a black vial from
his coat and quickly drinks it. A dark aura manifests around his body before releasing a
shockwave that knocks me away. When I looked at Adam again, his appearance had changed.
His skin is now chalk white with pulsing black veins running across his face, his mask is
gone revealing red pupils with black sclera on both eyes and his horns are now longer and
more prominent. The only thing that remained is the SDC brand on his face.
Name: Adam Taurus
Title: The Beast, White Fang Field Commander, Spiteful Samurai, Crimson Bull,
Berserker, Faunus Supremacist, Homicidal Murderer, Thief, Terrorist
Affiliation: Schnee Dust Company (Former), Menagerie, White Fang
Race: Grimm Hybrid
Level: 82
HP: 17,606
MP: 0
SP: 16,832
AP: 5,273
Background: [Expand]
Strength: His power is now enhanced thanks to the [Goddess' Gift] ,boosting his stats
and [Semblance] by 70%.
Weakness: He's still a vengeful and spiteful man, but now thanks to his Grimmification
he has the same weakness to [Silver Eyes] like all Grimm. Aura potency has decreased
by 40%.
Personal thoughts: The power! So much power!
Reputation: -100 (Wants you dead)
Affection: -100 (Hates you to death)
Unique Skill: Moonslice, Vengeful Wrath, Bloodlust
Ultimate Skill: N/A
[Well, this is unexpected]

"Haha! This power, it feels incredible! Like I can take armies without issue! This is the future
of Faunus!" Adam says, drunk off of the power he was feeling.
It was exhilarating!
'Damn, I did not see that coming. Adam becoming a Grimm hybrid is quite the change.' I was
surprised at the development. 'I knew the White Fang had dealings with Salem in canon, but I
didn't think it would ever go this far, even for the Brotherhood.'
"You will be the first to taste my power, you traitorous bitch! The beginning of a new age!"
Adam taunts.
"A new age? You sold your humanity for power!" I spit back at the hypocrisy. "Tell me, what
did Salem offer you that was so worthwhile that you'd willingly become a monster?"
"We were not approached by Salem." A familiar voice states. I turn around to see Ghira also
grimmified, with his legs now like those of a panther. "Acolytes of the Black Order came to
us. They offered us something we couldn't refuse: the power to control destruction itself!"
Name: Ghira Belladonna
Title: High Leader of the Brotherhood of the White Fang, Chieftain of Menagerie,
Wrathful Widower, Warmonger, Faunus Supremacist, Terrorist
Affiliation: White Fang, Menagerie
Race: Grimm Hybrid
Level: 83
HP: 17,022
MP: 0
SP: 16,830
AP: 5,825
Background: [Expand]
Strength: [Expand]
Weakness: [Expand]
Personal Thoughts: This power is exhilarating! Now, not only will I be able to kill these
traitors and that wretched Schnees, but anyone who gets in our way!
Reputation: -100 (Wants you dead)
Affection: -100 (Hates you to death)

Unique Skill: Predator, Charisma
Ultimate Skill: N/A
"You… are twisted." I hissed. "You would ally with the same people who want to destroy the
whole world. And for what? To stick it to a couple of arrogant humans?"
"Make no mistake! Once we cement ourselves as a force of change, we will hunt down those
Grimm-worshipping mongrels and wipe every single thing one of them off the face of the
planet!" Ghira states.
"At what cost, Belladonna?"
"AT ANY COST!"
Wind whistles silently around the battlefield. No one moved or said anything.
"... so there was no hope of saving you from the start, huh?" I give Ghira a saddened look.
"Kali would hate what you've become."
"Don't mention my wife's name! You don't deserve to say her name! How dare you try to
speak for her against me, her own husband!" Ghira roared, enraged at his enemy bringing his
late wife into this.
"Am I wrong?" I asked. "You led the organization you and your wife created into becoming a
worst version of itself. You turned yourself into the same monsters that Faunus have been
fighting against just as long as humans. You disowned your daughter, turned her into a
pariah, and now you hunt her down like a freaking animal!" I list all of the atrocities the
chieftain has done and more. "You think your wife would be happy with the man that you've
become? Don't make me laugh. All she'll see is a monster that killed him and now wears his
face like a trophy."
This drives Ghira over the edge and roars like a Beringel and charges for an attack.
Adam tries to attack from behind, but I quickly fire [Blush] at his abdomen before kicking
him away and spinning to fire several shots at Ghira until his [Aura] breaks.
Ghira tries to slash me with his claws but I repeatedly evade them all. I notice the
discarded [Wilt] and quickly make a grab for it as the mad Faunus close in.
[Wilt and Blush]
Rank: B
Adam Taurus' signature weapon. A chokutō and rifle-scabbard combo, the weapons are
capable of delivering deadly combos as well as disorienting enemies. Due to the blood
the weapons have been bathed with, it has become a [Cursed Weapon].
8,888 + STR Physical Damage

Lowers stats by 30%.
Induces [Madness] on wielder.
[Madness]
Overwhelmed by negative emotions that erodes the wielder's ability to tell the difference
between right or wrong, friend or foe, and any sort of inhibition
Ghira goes for the kill, but I use this opening to promptly slash at his Panther Legs, cutting
them clean off.
"Gah!" Ghira roared in pain at the loss of his legs. "You cut off my legs, you monkey bitch!"
"That was the idea, you fool. Even if your [Aura] hadn't shattered, chances are that the
Grimm parts would have received no protection at all given the soulless nature of Grimm." I
chided as I pointed [Blush] at Ghira. "Any last words?"
Ghira looks up with hate and iron-clad determination in his eyes. "Everything I did was for
Faunus everywhere. I would do it all again if I had to."
"…Very well, then." I say in a resigned and disappointed tone as I shoot Ghira through the
forehead without hesitation, killing him instantly.
You have eliminated Ghira Belladonna! You have gained 11,783 EXP! You have earned
10,209 Credits!
I watch Ghira's body dissolve into black dust. 'I am sorry, Blake. I tried, at least.' I notice the
black vial on the ground.
[Goddess' Gift]
Rank: ?
A concoction of Grimm Liquid that has been refined for consumption via unknown
means. Anyone who drinks it will have their race changed to [Grimm Hybrid].
Increasing all base stats and [Semblance] by 70%, but lowers [Aura] by 40%.
I turn around to finish off Adam, but there's nobody there. "Did he sneak away while I fought
Ghira?" I use [Ki Sense] to locate Adam, and quickly sense his vile and corrupted lifeforce
heading towards two others, one I immediately recognize. "He's heading towards Saeko." I
use [Space-Time Dominion] and walk into the space itself.
Saeko casually dodges whip strikes from Sienna Khan, who despite her best efforts and using
various types of Dust such as Fire or Lightning or even Gravity variants, couldn't land even a
single hit against her.
"Is this all you can muster?" Saeko inquired, feeling underwhelmed by the performance.
Even though she knew there was an OVERWHELMING disparity in the strength between

them, she was expecting more from a terrorist who grew up in a world where people
constantly had to fight monsters just to survive and developed all manner of fighting styles.
"Don't think your attempts to play off this fight will discourage me, you traitorous fox!"
Sienna growled, getting frustrated at how she wasn't even damaging her [Aura] and was
getting tired in the process. "We were on the verge of getting justice for all the crimes the
Schnees have committed to Faunus everywhere and to show the world that our time has
come, but you and your friends had to ruin everything!"
"The crimes you speak of were done by Jacques Schnee, not his children. But your desire for
supremacy caused you to torture an innocent woman beyond recognition." Saeko coldly says
in disgust. She might have been a sadist herself, as much as she was often ashamed to admit,
but even Saeko never would've tortured someone innocent for someone they didn't do or
punish them for other people's actions, let alone to such a brutal degree.
"She is not innocent! No one in this world is innocent!" Sienna fires back. "Humanity is a
cancer. As long as they exist, Faunus will never have a future!"
"By your logic, neither you nor every other Faunus in this world is innocent either. You can
pursue a better path." Saeko pointed out.
"You're just as self-righteous and patronizing as those wretched humans! They will never
accept equality and co-existence with us, preferring to treat us like animals and to use or
slaughter us as such!" Sienna roared as she pulled back her whip for another powerful strike.
"Since you love humans so much, I'll make sure you're treated no differently than we do with
humans here, and see if you will still act the same afterwards!"
Sienna thrust her arm forward for a powerful fire-enhanced whip strike, but Saeko merely
raises her katana and channels [Mikaboshi] into it, blocking the attack.
Sienna looks in horror as her whip turns brittle before promptly falling apart in her hands.
Saeko sheathes her sword. "It's over, Khan."
Sienna stares at her now empty hand before furiously clenching it. "Damn you…" She whips
her head up, her eyes brimming with burning rage. "DAMN YOU!"
"You brought this on yourself."
"YOU FUCKING BITCH! I'LL KILL YOU AND EVERYONE YOU LOVE! I'LL KILL
THAT MUTT AND MAKE YOU WATCH AS I SLOWLY RIP THE LIFE OUT OF HER!"
Sienna roars, earning her a cold look from Saeko.
"... I see." Saeko prepares to finish Sienna off when a barrage of bullets was shot at them,
much to their surprise as a VTOL flown by Adam flew down from the sky near Sienna.
"Sienna!" Adam calls out through the loudspeakers.
"Adam!?"
"Ghira and the others are dead! We have to go!" Adam called out to her.

Sienna glares at Saeko before she quickly boards the VTOL, after which it immediately takes
off from Menagerie at record pace.
Just then, space seemingly splits and Asmodeus walks out of the tear. "Saeko!"
"Asmodeus-kun." Saeko smiles at seeing her crush.
I look up and see the VTOL in the distance. "Adam…"
"And Sienna Khan." Saeko adds.
[We can reach them if we fly at supersonic speeds]
But before I can take flight, my coat pocket starts to go off and I pull out my [Sonic
Screwdriver].
The green hologram of Delta materializes. "Calculations are complete. I know the time and
location of the [Aincrad]."
"Where?"
"The shipyard; 7 minutes." Delta reports.
"Good." Delta vanishes and I turn to Saeko. "Tell everyone to meet at the beach in 7
minutes."
"What about Adam and Sienna?"
"They're no longer a priority, this is." I affirm to her. "Now let's get everyone. We're burning
daylight here."
Later - Shipyard
Everyone gathers near the shipyard, waiting patiently for the [Aincrad] to arrive.
"Are you sure it's going to shop up here? It's past 7 already." Saya said.
"It has to." I said.
"I still think we should have gone after Sienna and Adam. Who knows where they could be
by now." Rei said.
[You are going to get penalized for that you know]
*V…WORP… V…WORP*
"Did you guys hear that?" Amber said.
Up in the sky reality shimmers, and the giant form of the [Aincrad] comes into view, phasing
in and out of existence.

"C'mon, c'mon." I activate my [Sonic Screwdriver] and point it at the [Aincrad]. "It's
alright, it's me!"
"So, that's the [Aincrad]." Merlin mutters in awe.
"It's… bigger than I thought." Emerald remarks.
"Stabilize!" I beg. "Come to Daddy. I mean Mommy. I mean… I really need you right now!"
The groaning grows louder, more refined until the [Aincrad] completely rematerializes and
starts to fall!
"Oh shit!" Merlin puts up a magic shield just as the massive structure touches down, resulting
in a giant tsunami that destroys the entire shipyard along with any trees that were in its path.
The waves subside, the [Aincrad] was leaning backwards with some visible damage.
Mission Complete!
Mission: Put the Animals Down.
Objective 1 (Complete): Defeat WF grunts (52/52)
Objective 2 (Complete): Defeat WF Commanders (7/7)
Objective 3 (Complete): Keep Winter Schnee alive
Bonus(Complete): Be there when the Aincrad appears
Level Up!
You gain 20 AFF with Blake Belladonna (Curious)
You gain 40 REP with Blade Belladonna (Friend)
Perks:
[Plot Armor Piercer]
Exclusive to [Han Jihan's Heir]. Grants the user protection from individuals, items, or
abilities that are impossible, logic-defying, or luck-based to ensure that any means of
being defeated must be hard-fought and earned, along with granting the user a 30%
increase in all stats and performance of perks/skills against individuals with "plot
armor."
[Emiya's Cooking]
Your cooking skills are on the same level as Emiya Shirou's. As such, even the most
basic of dishes will taste like a 5-Star meal. Girls love it when a man knows his way
around the kitchen. If you have Savant Polymath, it makes your dishes god-like.
Increases CHA by 150.

[Bitch Breaker]
Girls with bad attitudes? No problem. A bit of sexual correction can do wonders for
their attitude.
Skills:
[Heartless Angel LVL. 1/10]
Sephiroth's signature skill from Final Fantasy 7. Reduces all enemies' HP to 1 and
drains MP by 80%.
Cost 4,721 MP
Items:
[Masamune]
Rank: EX
The signature weapon of the one-winged angel. Though it is honed to perfection, rare
are those who are able to wield this crafted masterpiece effectively.
150,000 + STRx3.5 Physical/Spiritual Damage
Grants [All-Defense Bypass]
[Potion of All-Potential] (x3)
"My beautiful Ghost Monument." I whisper before shooting towards it at supersonic speeds.
"Hey wait!" Everyone quickly follows after him and lands on the highest point of the
structure: the [Ruby Palace].
They watch him try to open the doors, only for them to fall apart the moment he touches
them.
[That is not a good sign]
*Dong...Dong...Dong!*
"That's not either." I rush inside with the others following suit.
The first thing the girls see is the absolute mess that is the interior of the place; loose cables,
metal warped, floor pads cracked and burning among a bunch of other things.
"What… What happened here?" Amber asks, horrified by all of the damage.
"... we need to get to the control room." I head towards the elevator and surprisingly it's still
functional.

The doors open and everyone gets inside. After a minute, the elevator stops its ascend and we
walk into a familiar corridor. "It's this way."
After walking through the damaged corridor, we finally managed to arrive in the control
room, only to find it completely burned, much of the equipment being melted and
unrecognizable.
"Damn, even the control room wasn't spared." I hissed before I realized something. "But if its
destroyed, how did it get here?" However, my attention shifts upon sensing a few familiar
[Ki] signatures above us. "The Throne Room!"
The girl watches Asmodeus run back outside and immediately follow him.
"You have a throne room?" Rei asks.
"This place is a palace and the center of my operations. Of course I have a throne room." I
said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world.
"Geez, ego much?" Saya mutters and I roll my eyes.
When we reach our destination, we see the flames coming from the throne room itself. "Oh
no." I rush forward, walking the long staircase and blast the doors off their hinges.
Chucks of the floor have holes in them with large burnt wires everywhere. The stained glass
above the throne is shattered to pieces, flames dancing on the background as debris falls on
them like a cauldron.
"Ow…" I glance down and see 21 on the ground groaning, slowly trying to get up.
"21…?" I ask and the Android turns to my direction.
"Who… are you…?" She asks.
"Oh, right. Hold on a sec." I switched back to my original appearance, surprising her.
"Asmodeus!" 21 reaches out and hugs me. "It… it really is you!"
I smile as she cries. "Yeah."
You gain 13 AFF with Android 21 (Eternal Soulmate)
We pull back and I give her a kiss on the lips. "I missed you."
"M-Me too." 21 sniffles as she wipes the tears from her face. "So, senpai's idea really
worked."
I blink at the name drop. "Lamy?" I looked further back and there was an unconscious Lamy
sitting in the half-destroyed throne with burnt machines hooked up around it.
Just then, the others finally reach the top only to find the ongoing destruction.

"What happened here?" Saeko asks.
"That's what I wanna know. But let's take care of this annoying fire first." I snap my fingers
and the fires are completely extinguished.
"How did you do that?" Emerald looks at her master in surprise.
"I'm the master of this place. It comes with the territory." I said as I made my way towards
the throne and checked the destroyed equipment.
[It looks like she tried to create a pseudo-control unit using the throne itself as the
circuit. Too bad the throne was never meant to handle that kind of strain]
"Lamy. Lamy!" I shake the rabbit demon back and forth and she begins to stir awake.
"Mas… ter…" A groggy Lamy murmurs before her eyes snap open. "MASTER!" She leaps
in and gives me a tight hug. "Master, master, master, master!"
"Whoa! Easy Lamy, I'm not going anywhere." I stroke her hair as she starts to cry.
"Wah!" Lamy cries on my chest.
Just then, a pile of rubble stirs and Kisuke's head pops out of the rubble; hat and all.
"My goodness, that was wild!" Kisuke comments in his usual carefree tone. "And my hat
survived, that's nice."
"Oh my god!" Saya screamed in excitement, starting everyone as Saya immediately ran
towards Kisuke. "Are you Kisuke Urahara?! THE Kisuke Urahara?!"
"Um, yes?" Kisuke confirmed, confused at the appearance of the newcomers and this girl
apparently recognizing him.
"Asmodeus, why didn't you tell us that you knew THE Kisuke Urahara?!" Saya says in an
accusatory manner.
"It didn't seem like the highest priority at the time given everything we had been through." I
said as I put Lamy down. "Is there anyone else here?"
"Just the three of us, and the two of the AIs." Kisuke said. "I guess their projectors were
damaged by the explosion."
"Saya, you know this man?" Saeko asked in confusion, just as surprised as everyone else
except me.
"Of course I do! He's Kisuke Urahara, the former Captain of the 12th division and the
founder of the Shinigami Research and Development Institute, the enemy of the traitorous
Sousuke Aizen, and most importantly, he's the mentor of THE Ichigo Kurosaki and his
friends!" Saya says as she looks to the others. "Have you guys never seen or read Bleach?!"

"I'm surprised you know so much about me, little lady. A little too much." Kisuke looks at
Saya suspiciously.
"Stop it, Kisuke. She's harmless." I told him.
Kisuke shrugs. "If you say so."
"Who are these people, Master?" Lamy asked in curiosity.
I gestured at Amber, Emerald, and Winter, the latter of whom was fully healed but
unconscious and in Saeko's arms. "These 2 girls and the unconscious woman with white hair
are Amber Autumn, Emerald Sustrai, and Winter Schnee. They're the denizens of this
universe; my universe. Amber is my friend while Emerald is my servant, and Winter's
someone we just rescued from being wrongfully executed."
I then gesture to Merlin. "This is Merlin, one of the smartest and most gifted magic-users of
all time. She was experimented on by Towa, just like the others, but managed to escape
before our fight with her and Rusty. She ended up in the same dimension I did, along with a
few others."
"Pleasure to meet you, Merlin-san. I am Android 21, though you can just call me 21 for
short." 21 politely introduces herself.
"Glad to be here." Merlin says while shaking 21's hand.
I gesture at the HOTD girls. "This is Saeko, Rei, Saya, Alice, and their puppy Zeke. They're
from the same universe as Shizuka: a world plagued by a zombie apocalypse."
"Hi." Rei waves nervously.
"Greetings." Saeko gracefully bows.
"Nice to meet you!" Alice smiles with Zeke happily barking at them.
"Judging by the look of the equipment, I'm guessing you tried to use the Throne as a
substitute for the Control Room, only for things to backfire?" I rhetorically asked, causing
Lamy to blush in embarrassment.
"I'm sorry, Master. I really thought it would help us find you after you disappeared." Lamy
apologized in shame.
"What's important is that you guys are okay, the [Chaos Emeralds] are secure, and the
foundation of the [Aincrad] is mostly intact so we don't have to rebuild it from scratch,
Lamy." I reassure her, causing Lamy to look relieved. "Now, let's get back to Earthland and
reunite with the others."
"Uh, Asmodeus? I don't want to be rude, but your castle is falling apart. It's impossible to
repair by ourselves let alone move it around." Amber states.
My only response was to laugh in amusement, much to her confusion.

"Trust me, Amber. You'll find that doing the impossible is one of my specialties." I reassure
her with a charismatic smile, causing her to blush.
I then activate my [Super Chaos Mode] form, drawing looks of surprise from everyone who
hasn't seen the form.
"This new form of yours, Master, the power is INCREDIBLE!" Lamy says in awe, the power
radiating from seemed to have no limit.
"I know, right? Now let me focus." I take a seat on the throne and close my eyes.
Energy begins to travel from Asmodeus straight down, running across the entire room and
spreading throughout the entire structure. They watch the walls split and shift rapidly around
them as the platform they're on stands alone in a starry void before reconfiguring into
something new. The floors become the most pristine marble and the walls are reformed with
elaborate patterns on them, with majestic pillars across the Throne Room bearing similar
markings, with orange circles of pulsing [Chaos Energy] in front of several of the pillars.
The Throne itself now is made of what appears to be diamonds formed from stars, pulsing
with a celestial light that gave away nothing of the super-advanced technology and magical
runes within it. Behind the Throne is a wall resembling the starry expanse of space itself,
with numerous stars and galaxies seen in the background.
Outside, grid-like lines appear on the [Aincrad] pulsing with power. The damage running
around it closes, no, the damage is reversed. It then starts to rise from the sea as the damage
continues to be undone until it is completely regenerated.
I open my eyes and smile. "Now to get our family back."
*VWORP VWORP VWORP*
The [Aincrad] starts to flicker in and out until it completely vanishes from this world.
Author Notes
And done!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Peace~

Chapter 40: Fairy Tail: Reunion
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
Earthland - Fairy Tail Building
"FIGHT ME!" Natsu screams at the Saiyan sitting at the bar, causing everyone to turn their
attention to him.
Xeno Vegeta turns around and arches a brow. "Really? You clearly haven't learned anything
from last time."
"Oh, I've learned plenty." Natsu's grin widens further. "And I know this time I won't lose. So
fight me Vegeta!"
"Natsu don't antagonize him!" Lucy yells.
"Yeah, don't be stupid. Also Porlyusica-san said she'll kill you if you showed like a human
crater at her doorstep again." Lisanna adds.
Not too far away, Gray and Juvia are sitting together watching everything.
"Come on. When is that guy ever going to stop?" Gray groans.
"It wouldn't be Natsu-san if he actually stopped." Juvia giggles.
"Yeah, but." Gray scratches the back of his head. "He's been at it for a month now. And
he still can't beat him. I mean, we've all been training in [God Ki] for the past month, but
Goku and Vegeta seem to have an aptitude for the stuff unlike us."
"It's because Goku-san and Vegeta-san are both [Saiyans]." Juvia said. "Vados-san said
that [Saiyans] have a natural affinity for lifeforce manipulation, and their adaptive abilities
via [Zenkai] allow them to adapt far quicker than most beings, essentially."

"Seems only one of us got the memo." Gray glances back at the bar as tensions rise.
"Boy, you are just asking for another beat down." Xeno Vegeta warned.
Natsu's hands ignite. "What's wrong, old timer?" He slams them together and cracks his
knuckles. "Scared?"
"Ohohoho. You're on, boy." Xeno Vegeta smirks.
Lucy pleadingly looks at Xeno Goku. "Aren't you gonna do something!?"
"There's no way to stop Vegeta when he gets like this. Plus, I kinda wanna see what Natsu
has in store." Xeno Goku sheepishly admits.
"[Fire Dragon God-GAK!" Natsu doesn't finish as he gets kicked in the dick and falls to the
floor in pain, revealing Mira standing behind him.
"Nee-chan!" Lisanna squeaked.
"Really Natsu, I thought you were better than this." Mira stares down at the hybrid. "With a
single spell, you could obliterate the entire town. You should have more moderation than
that."
"Sorry…" Natsu squeaked, his voice extremely high-pitched.
"And you." The prince has the decency to jolt. "Stop provoking Natsu, or I'm kicking you
out."
"Fine…" Xeno Vegeta says and Mira sighs as she goes back behind the bar.
Just then, the front doors open and Erza walks in alongside Ur and Seilah.
"Welcome back girls. How was the job?" Mira asks with a smile but it doesn't quite reach her
eyes.
"As good as the others." Ur sits on the stall as do the others. "Give me the usual."
Mira pours a piña colada and places it in front of her. "That bad, huh?"
"They kept teleporting, this time to the other side of the continent." Seilah groans as a glass
of rum is placed in front of her. "We spent six days straight hunting those mutated monsters
down without so much as sleeping or food." She drinks her glass with one gulp. "I just wanna
read a good book and never leave my room again."
Even though they reversed the Genesis Wave, things haven't exactly returned to normal.
Demons and dragons – the savage kind – now prowl the world due to the repercussions of
Rustyrose and Towa's actions, and most of the monsters and the "new arrivals" have been
empowered by [Negative Chaos Energy] resulting in nightmare-inducing mutations. As a
result, monster extermination quests have been on an all-time high across Earthland, with the
number of requests exceeding the number of mages who can take them. It doesn't help that

these monsters also showcase Chaos-related abilities like [Chaos Control] which they can
use whenever they feel threatened resulting in days-long tracking just to find them.
It also didn't help that the new Demons were FAR stronger than the ones native to Earthland
and use [Ki] which is more potent than Ethernano, and with these Chaos Monsters being
more powerful, that meant the other guilds couldn't so much as put a scratch on them. Vados
and Marcarita have been helping some of the guilds out, teaching them [Ki] since it's
apparently the only energy source that can hurt them outside of [Chaos Energy].
Fairy Tail has become the vanguard in this "outbreak" since they've been trained in
both [Ki] and [Chaos Energy] (and [Aura] too, but no one outside the guild knows about it)
along with getting support from Magia Dragon with Elefseria recruiting the members of the
now-defunct Diabolos into his guild (it certainly has nothing to do with the fact that Selene
openly threatened them with non-existence for the death of her children). The guild members
actually didn't mind this, having had a change of heart after the previous events and saw
Team Natsu in a different light, along with the fact that Elefseria was willing to help them
adjust to their new draconic powers and bodies. Makarov was actually surprised to see
Wraith among the members as it turns out he was originally a member of Fairy Tail and part
of Makarov's generation alongside Porlyusica before he died. Wraith says that he doesn't
remember him which saddens the old man and asks if he remembers their Guild bond which
does stir some memories inside him.
The only members of Diabolos who didn't join Magia Dragon were its female members,
Kiria and Misaki, who instead chose to serve Selene as a means of making amends with her
and to master their draconic abilities (and because they didn't want to be anywhere near that
perverted guild master). Though all the former members of Diabolos also received occasional
training from Vados and Marcarita in martial arts and [Ki] to both deal with the surge in
monsters and to adjust to their new Saiyan DNA, with Xeno Goku and Vegeta also providing
advice in relation to potential transformations they could unlock in the future. Kisuke, Lamy,
21, and the nurses/doctors might have been able to stabilize their physical and genetic
conditions, but the former members of the Dragon Eater guild were still irreversibly altered
into Dragon-Saiyan hybrids.
While everyone in Fairy Tail has taken on these "SS-Class" jobs (the council saw fit to add a
new ranking because of how hard these bastards are to kill), Erza and her band of Amazons
have taken on more jobs than most and were dubbed "Team Erza" by some in the guild.
Those in the team are Erza herself, Ur and Ultear, Brandish, Seilah, Diana, Dimaria, Kefla,
Layla, Cana, and Mirajane though the latter was more of a backup member as she didn't leave
Magnolia often for certain reasons.
"Where are the others?" Mira asks as she hands Erza her strawberry shortcake.
"Aside from Cana, all of them are either bathing in Selene's hot springs, eating some of
Kirio's large portions of food, or getting some sleep at Selene's palace. Six days of nonstop
monster-chasing without food or sleep is exhausting." Ur replied, tempted to join Ultear and
some of the others in the hot springs after this.
"And where is Cana?" Mirajane asked in curiosity, even though she could sense
her [Ki] signature nearby.

"Knocking some sense into Gildarts, who was ogling some of the other girls. She should
come back here in a few minutes." Erza noted, normally being the self-appointed
disciplinarian of Fairy Tail whenever their antics got out of hand, but Cana typically handled
her father when his perverted antics in particular got out of hand.
"I'm surprised Brandish didn't come here with you guys." Mirajane comments as the former
Spriggan tends to hang out in the guild.
"She wanted to check on Grammi before coming here." Seilah answered.
"I'm happy for them. After everything she's been through, nothing would make her happier
than spending some quality time with her only child after who knows how long. I should
know." Ur added, with her and Layla both going through similar ordeals with their respective
daughters.
Even since Grammi and Layla were revived by Rusty, their daughters have spent almost all
of their free time reconnecting with them. Lucy would tell her mother all about her
adventures with Fairy Tail as well as her brief time as a model which seemed to pique Layla's
interest a little. They also went to visit Jude's grave, and while Layla wasn't the least bit
happy with his treatment of their daughter, he at least tried to make amends with her up to the
end. Brandish showed her mother a list of the best places to get parfaits and other sweets,
even bringing some sweets to share when she got the chance.
"It's great Lucy and Brandish have their mothers back. I haven't seen Lucy so happy before."
Mira said.
A few minutes later, Cana had come into the guild hall where she promptly took a barrel of
alcohol to drink, as was the norm for her, with Brandish joining them shortly afterwards as
well.
"Mira-san, has there been any news or signs of the [Aincrad] or Asmodeus-sama?" Brandish
asked in hope as she received some scotch from the platinum-haired bartender, only for her
expression to turn into one of disappointment upon seeing Mirajane shake her head.
"Unfortunately no. Believe me, if there was, you and the other girls would be the first to
know immediately." Mirajane wistfully replied, with the other girls also looking down in pain
and disappointment as the thought of a certain man came to mind.
Despite only knowing him for chronologically less than a month (even if it was actually
much longer due to time dilation), Asmodeus had left a very deep impression on everyone
but more so to the six of them. He had given them so much and now they couldn't see a life
without him and it made every passing day that he was missing all the more painful. The
other girls in the harem or were at least in love with him also felt the same way, with Irene
and Selene only sparingly visiting Fairy Tail due to how much they missed him, not to
mention Edolas and Elentear are facing the same new problems as Earthland.
"I really hope he returns soon." Erza said and the rest of the girls agreed.

They didn't like this empty feeling inside them, they didn't want to believe he was gone and it
was heartbreaking.
'Is this how Jellal felt when I spent 7 years on Tenrou Island?' Erza bends her fork. 'Please
come back, Asmodeus. We… I need you.'
*VWORP* *VWORP* *VWORP*
Erza perks up at the noise. "Do you hear that?"
"Everyone can." Ur adds.
Everyone in the guild stops what they're doing as they listen to the peculiar noise grow louder
before it stops with a thud.
"... it stopped." Happy said.
"What was that?" Max questioned.
"I don't know, it sounded odd yet vaguely familiar." Makarov noted.
"It sounded like it came from the training ground." Cana said, causing everyone to head
outside to the training area, and to their surprise, there is a random wooden blue box that
wasn't there before. The words "POLICE PUBLIC CALL BOX" are written across the top
of each rectangular face, just underneath a small lamp that jutted from its roof.
"Where did that box come from?" Xeno Goku asked in confusion, not remembering it being
there when he was training earlier. "And the energy it's emanating feels… chaotic."
"You think it's a Chaos Monster?" Xeno Vegeta asks his rival.
"I don't know…"
Mira slowly makes her way towards the mysterious box.
"What are you doing, nee-chan? That box could be dangerous or booby-trapped." A worried
Lisanna calls out as her sister approaches the object but she doesn't listen.
She reaches for the door only for it to suddenly open and a dark-skinned girl with green hair
and red eyes looks at Mira. "Is this Fairy Tail?"
Mira blinks. "Um… yes?"
The green-haired girl sighs in relief and turns back inside. "Master, we're here!"
Everyone looks on with trepidation as the doors open once more and a familiar face steps
forward, shocking everyone.
"A-Asmodeus!?" Lucy exclaims.

"Hey there." I smile at everyone. "Sorry I'm late. I had to take the long way-MP!" Before I
can finish, Mira pulls me into a searing kiss which I happily reciprocate as I pull her closer.
We separate and Mira cries tears of joy. "If-If this is a dream, I don't wanna wake up!"
"It's me, Mira. I'm really here."
"Asmodeus-sama/kun!"
I hear the collective voices of several females before being pulled into a large group hug with
5 other beautiful familiar ladies with each proceeding to kiss me as Mirajane did, including
Erza, much to my surprise.
All of them broke away, except for Brandish, who still firmly hugged me in a vice-like grip
and smothering her large breasts against my chest as she cried her eyes out, with the other
girls also having joyful tears streaming their beautiful faces, even surprisingly Seilah.
"Hey Azzy, you're back!" Natsu announces. "Now fight me!"
[Is this idiot for real!? We just got back from who knows where and the first he asks is
for a fight!?]
'Well it's Natsu. What did you expect?' I thought.
Natsu was promptly smacked by Lucy.
"Natsu, he just got back! At least let him greet everyone before challenging him!" Lucy
scolded the salmon-haired dragon slayer.
"And that's not all!" Church, Delta and Sigma appear next to me. "Missed us, assholes?"
Everyone looked at the 3 AIs in absolute silence… until it wasn't.
"... YOU FUCK!" Natsu charges at Church before pouncing, only to phase through him
because, well, he's a hologram.
"Huh." Church turns to Sigma and Delta. "Wasn't expecting that."
Sigma simply sighs.
"Hey Asmodeus, it's great to see again!" My attention's quickly drawn to Xeno Goku and
Vegeta standing among the crowd, the former smiling at me while the latter has his trademark
scowl.
"Great to be back, and I'm happy to see you and Vegeta again." I said in appreciation. "Say,
did you two get stronger? Your energy feels… different. Refined even."
Xeno Goku's smile widens. "You bet! Vados and Marcarita helped out a lot!"
[So, the Angels are teaching them {God Ki}. That should be interesting]

"Hmph. Your mates wouldn't stop whining about you." Vegeta replied in his seemingly
uncaring demeanor.
"Be nice, Vegeta." Xeno Goku told his friend.
Makarov walks up to me in a stereotypical old man manner. "Ho ho, it's great to see you
again, my boy!"
"You have no idea." I say with a smile. "It's good to see you too, gramps."
"Master!" Theta, Epsilon-Caboose and Gamma appear in front of me.
"Hey, you three. How's it been?" I said.
"Well, first we rebuilt the town, then your castle disappeared, then super scary monsters
started to pop up and we had to beat them." Epsilon-Caboose continues. "Then there was a
flesh-eating virus for a while, then the blue ladies wrestled with everyone, Ms. 18 got her
brother back, Mr. Perfect Cell went on an adventure, Natsu got married, Wendy got possessed
by O'Malley and went evil, then Erza and the others came back from a quest and then a blue
box appeared with a green lady, and you came out of that box."
[Did he say flesh-eating virus?]
"Natsu's married!?"
"Oh my god!" Everyone turns to see a pink-haired girl with glasses walk out of the blue box
before launching herself straight towards Xeno Goku and Vegeta. "Are you Goku and
Vegeta?! The REAL Goku and Vegeta?!"
The Time Patrollers blink in surprise at the energetic girl.
"Um, yes?" Xeno Goku answered in confusion.
"EEEEEEEKKK!" The pink-haired girl lets out a high-pitched shriek before fainting.
"What was that about?" Even Xeno Vegeta was confused.
Soon after, more teenage girls step out of the blue box alongside 21, Lamy, Kisuke, and a
little girl and her dog which she carries in a bag.
"Asmodeus-sama, who are they?" Brandish asks, weary looking at the new girls.
"It's a long story. But we should get inside first." I said and we all headed inside the guild
building.
(AN: KING CRIMSON!)
"And that's pretty much the gist of it." I said leaving the guild absolutely dumbstruck.
"Shit dude." Mest murmurs.

"Yeah…" Jet adds.
"How… I mean, how did you defeat them when you were, you know…" Lucy didn't say, but
I knew what she meant.
"I honestly can't say. I just… wanted to win." I said.
"Was that your only motivation my boy?" Makarov asked.
"Well, no." I revealed. "I felt responsible for what went wrong, and wanted to fix it." I glance
at Merlin and the girls. "They accidentally became stranded in that world of fairy tales and I
wanted to help them."
"Idiot…!" I turn to a choked up Mira. "It wasn't your fault! It was Rusty and Towa's for
messing around where they shouldn't!" She grabs my face and pulls me closer. "You had
nothing to do with it, so stop blaming yourself!"
"But-!" "That's enough!" I argue but Mira quickly shuts it down.
Merlin sighs. "Honestly, for someone so powerful, he sure has a bleeding heart."
"We wouldn't love him if he didn't." Cana said and Merlin chuckled.
"I suppose you're right."
"Indeed. What an interesting tale." Everyone sharply whips their heads around to see Lady
Avalon sitting in one of the chairs. "Hi everyone. Welcome back, Master-kun!"
"Avalon…!" Levy exclaims. "When did you get here!?"
"Hm." She puts her index finger below her lips. "1… no, 3 hours?"
"YOU'VE BEEN HERE FOR THREE HOURS!?" Everyone animatedly yells.
"Yup~" Avalon's smile is ever radiant. "Though I will say you caught me by surprise." Her
attention gracefully shifts to Merlin. "To find another Merlin in that chaotic land. I suppose
this must be fate."
"Why?" Evergreen asks the succubus.
"Because it's double the fun!" Avalon cheered.
Merlin's eyes widened slightly as she put it together. "You're an alternate version of me…
aren't you."
Avalon's smile became strained. "Oh no. I am simply a humble resident of the distant utopia.
My appearance is purely cosmetic."
"Enough with the cryptic shit already." I sigh. "Don't listen to her. She's really just a Merlin
from another universe. She's actually one of the first people I've summoned through the

staff." I continued. "For some reason, she doesn't like to be called by her original name,
probably having to do with her and/or her male counterpart pissing somebody off."
"Ouch! You wound me, Master-kun!" Avalon fakes a stab wound. "I'm just an older sister
who lives in paradise."
"Anyways." I ignore her as I continue. "She's an exceptional mage with thousands of years of
experience, and served King Arthur as his court magus. Sound familiar?" Merlin's eyes
widened at that bit. "She also has [Clairvoyance] but is only able to see everything that
happens in the present."
"[Clairvoyance]..." Merlin's eyes glint with curiosity and interest.
"Don't get too excited. Like I said, she can only see everything that happens in the present. In
other words, she's a glorified human telescope." I clarified.
"Master-kun! Why did you have to say it like that in front of everyone?! Now they'll think
I'm useless or something!" Lady Avalon cried in surprise.
I arch an eyebrow. "You mean you're not?"
"Meanie!" Avalon pouts and I laugh.
"I'm kidding, you're not useless. You're definitely the most dependable person I know (even if
you get on my nerves at times)." I said the last part to myself. "I mean, I still call you Avalon
out of respect for you. I could have easily called you Merlin any time I wanted."
"That's true…" Avalon admits.
"Anyways. I know you didn't come all the way here just to greet me. What's up?" I asked.
"Oh yes." Lady Avalon agrees. "Selene-chan and the others are having a party for you at her
castle. She wants you to come straight away!"
'So much for surprising them.' I thought. "Alright. Lead the way, Avalon."
Lady Avalon grins.
"Can we come too?" I turned to the girls who came with me.
"No. You girls can stay here with Fairy Tail." I said. "Eccentric as they are, they are a bubbly
sort that you can't help but grow to love, and they're good with kids."
"Yeah! Just look at us!" Natsu exclaims, standing tall on the bar, before getting thrown across
the room by a certain barmaid.
"No shoes on the bar!" Mira yells as Natsu crashes on a pile of beer barrels, spilling its
contents everywhere.

"My babies! You're a dead man, Natsu!" Cana quickly pounces on Natsu and the two engage
in a brawl while everyone cheers.
I sweat drop. "Well… some of them, at least."
[And there may be some stuff that's not exactly PG-rated lol]
"Oh yeah." I turn to Mira. "Epsilon said Natsu got married. To whom?"
Mira smiles. "I thought that was obvious~" She gestures to Lucy who shows off a small gold
band on her ring finger.
"Oh shit! Congratulations, Lucy!" I exclaimed.
[Guess that makes sense]
"She's not the only lucky gal~" Lisanna shows off her own wedding ring and my eyes widen.
"He married BOTH of you!?"
[Damn, I didn't expect they would tie the knot so soon. Especially given how dense
Natsu is]
"Yup~" Lisanna giggles. "You should have seen the look on his face. He literally couldn't
decide who to take."
"So we decided for him, though it took him a good few hours to actually figure it out." Lucy
sighs.
"That's Natsu for ya~" Happy said.
"We had our wedding right here in the guild. Nii-san just couldn't stop crying, neither did
nee-san." Lisanna said.
"It was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen!" Mira wipes her crocodile tears with her
handkerchief.
"It would've been better if you didn't threaten him with death." Lisanna grumbles.
"Well how else is he supposed to understand the importance of your happiness?" Mira pouts
at her little sister.
"You nearly ripped off his balls!" Lisanna counters.
"I'm too young to be an aunt!" Mira argues.
"That's not a good reason for nearly taking his manhood!" Lisanna yells. "Besides, aren't you
planning to have Asmodeus-kun's babies?"
"T-That's none of your business!" A flushed Mira shrieked.

"Ahaha…" Lucy sheepishly chuckles.
"Wow. And this all happened in a single week?" I remark which confuses the girls.
"Um, Asmodeus-kun? That was a month ago." Lucy points out.
I blink. "Eh?"
"It's been a month since the Halo Array, Asmodues-san." Lisanna said.
[It's likely because Earthland and Remnant operate on a different time axis, causing a
time dilation to occur. It would explain why Selene nor the others came to pick us up,
they couldn't sense our energy because of the time differential not having caught up
with them]
"Okay. So in short, I definitely missed a lot." I comment before realizing something. "Say,
where's Gajeel, Pantherlily, Laxus, Elfman, Wendy and Carla? Are they out on a quest?" I
asked.
"Gajeel-san, Pantherlily-san, Laxus, and Elfman are out on a joint quest." The three girls'
expressions grow somber. "As for Wendy-chan and Carla-chan…"
"That angry bastard ran off with Wendy's body!" Natsu yells in the background.
"Angry bastard?" I said before my eyes widened. "The Omega AI?"
"Yeah." Gray nods. "He took over Wendy while nobody was looking, turning her into a
raving lunatic who threatened to turn our bowels into vacuum cleaners, make a throne out of
our skulls and use our beating hearts for his water fountain."
[Yeesh]
"He threatened to turn Juvia into his personal swimming pool and then use her to drown the
world in a flood." Juvia robotically adds.
"Where are they?" I asked.
"I don't know. They just vanished after the wedding. Nobody knows where they went." Lucy
said. "Carla might've known, but she's gone too. She's likely with them." She continues.
"We've been looking for them for weeks, but it's been hard with the way the world is now."
"Speaking of Wendy-chan, you may want to look outside~" Lady Avalon chimes in,
confusing everyone.
We walked outside the guild building where just beyond was an army of what looked to be
armored humanoids holding swords, shields, spears and the like. All looking like a certain
Spanish-speaking robot.
[Well, shit]

"MUAHAHAHAHAHA!" An overly dramatic evil laugh fills the air. "Tremble before my
legions of DOOM!" We look up to see Wendy levitating above the town. She's wearing a
military-esque outfit consisting of a black double-breasted coat with yellow accents, a
military cap with the Omega Symbol in the middle, and a cape-like cloak fitted with the Fairy
Tail symbol but overlayed with an Omega symbol printed on the back. She's also showcasing
a feral grin like a certain other military girl.
"¿Qué carajo? (Translation: What the fuck?)" Epsilon-Lopez cursed as he saw the Lopez
army. "¡Te demandaré por esto, imbécil! (Translation: I will sue you for this, asshole!)"
"Shut it, you fool. You had your chance to join ME but you REFUSED! Now, I will at long
last enact my DIABOLICAL PLANS!" Omega-Wendy evilly declares.
[This is stupid]
"Wendy…?" A shocked Lucy whispers.
"No. That's O'Malley." Everyone turns to see Carla, now wearing Jester-like clothing.
Happy snorts. "What are you wearing?"
"As you may see, I tried to bring back Wendy from the madness of Omega, and yet… I have
failed and out of 'kindness' for taking Wendy's body he let me go… while wearing this."
Despite the dead eyes, Carla never lost her serious tone. "By the way, glad you're back
Asmodeus."
"Good… to be back…" I hold back a laugh. "I know this is somewhat serious, but I can't help
but find Wendy's new attire intimidating yet cute at the same time."
"Silence! I am not cute! I am death!" Omega-Wendy angrily pouts.
"Oh, my heart!" Makarov dramatically falls to the ground. "This cuteness is killing me!"
"Stop mocking me, you fools!"
"Moving along, how did you manage to possess Wendy? And the army?" I ask.
"Well, that is a long story." Omega-Wendy flashes an evil smile. "You see, the moment you
and Delta vanished, I began to plot my dastardly plans. It even got better when Alpha and
Sigma also vanished and I had no one to stop me. Though I had to postpone them because of
that whole virus and wrestling thing. The day of the wedding proved to be an ideal time to
execute my evil plans." She places a hand on her chest. "This little girl has a history of
possession, it was easy to take her over. Seriously, you'd think she'd learn by now." She
continues. "And thanks to the past records in Bloodgulch and schematics of the Androids I
have finally created the PERFECT ARMY to rule this world and the universe! MuahahaAHAHAHAHAHA!"
[Man, he really loves to monologue]

"And when I detected you and others' return, I thought 'what better way to test my new
perfect army than against the douchebag who left me to die at the station?' So here I am."
Omega-Wendy reveals and everyone turns to me.
[Damn, he really hates you]
I blink. "What? I didn't leave you there. You abandoned me in the freezer!"
"Freezer?" Max asks.
"It was where Rusty and Towa kept the girls they couldn't control." I shift my attention back
to Omega-Wendy. "Get out of Wendy's body, Omega. This is your only warning."
"Never! Robots attack!"
"Charge." The robots march forward slowly… extremely slowly.
Levy blinks in surprise. "Um…"
"Are they even moving?" Gray ponders.
"Move, you fools! MOVE DAMMIT!" Omega-Wendy commands them.
"Charge." But the army just kept marching slowly.
"DAAAHHHHHH!" Omega-Wendy screeches in outrage.
"¡Ja! Eso es lo que obtienes por copiarme, idiota. (Translation: Ha! That's what you get for
copying me, moron)." Epsilon-Lopez said.
"Grr!" Omega-Wendy grits her teeth. "No matter. I still have two more cards left to play.
BEHOLD!" She snaps her fingers.
Suddenly, 2 figures appeared next to Omega-Wendy, both of whom were clearly female
based on how their clothes strained against their bodies.
The first female was in her early 20s with a pale complexion and was wearing a dark purple
cloak fastened to her body with a red jewel with a hood that covered her head and cast a
shadow over the upper part of her face, though I could tell she had purple eyes and a red gem
on her forehead. Underneath her cloak was a skintight black leotard with sleeves that did
absolutely nothing to hide her voluptuous hourglass figure and large I-cup breasts, a large
perky bubble butt, wide hips, and well-toned legs with a belt of red gems similar to the one
on her cloak wrapped around her thin waist, with purple boots on her feet.
The second female appeared in her mid to late 20s and also had a seemingly ashen skin with
glowing red eyes and luscious long black hair on one side of her head while the other side
was shaved in a Mohawk-like style. Her attire consists of a black leotard-like armor that had
the appearance and flexibility of spandex but the durability of metal that clung to her
physically fit yet voluptuous hourglass figure with massive M-cup breasts, a large heartshaped bubble butt, and wide hips, with 2 extensions attached to the sides of her thighs, long

black boots with armor on the legs and knees, and elbow-length black fingerless gloves with
some armor on top. On her neck was a collar-like necklace with a red jewel that had an
Omega-symbol on it, with similar jewels on the top of her leotard, her abdomen, and the belt
around her waist.
Name: Rachel Roth
Title: Daughter of Trigon, Raven, The Unkindness, Doctor Hate
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Affiliation: Teen Titans (former), Trigon (former), Sons of Trigon (former), Justice
League: Team Wonder (former), Night Force(former), Titans, Justice League
Race: Human-Demon Hybrid
Level: 1,670
HP: 329,210,091
MP: 597,560,321
SP: 380,712,711
AP: 0
Background: Born from the powerful Demonic Entity Trigon and the human woman
Arella, Rachel Roth was conceived as a means of using her as a powerful pawn and to
allow him to travel to Earth. However, recognizing the evil threat he was, Arella fled
with Raven and was taken in by the monks of Azarath, who protected them and trained
Raven in magic and how to control/suppress her emotions and by extension her demon
side. Refusing to be her father's pawn and not wanting to put Azarath in danger, Rachel
fled to Earth and devoted herself to using her powers to protect it rather than conquer
or destroy it, even becoming a superhero and joining various teams, at one point
purifying her dark side and using the Rings of Azar to bond with the souls of Azarath to
defeat her wicked father.
Strength: Due to her hybrid heritage and her training by the monks of Azarath, Raven
possesses immense potential in relation to magic, both demonic and holy-based, with a
potential that exceeds most supernatural beings, including even her father Trigon. She
is also a natural empath and has access to spiritual abilities via her "soul-self" and
various psychic abilities, along with training in martial arts from both the Monks of
Azarath and several of her teammates, such as Nightwing and Donna Troy.
Weakness: Raven overly relies on suppressing her emotions, particularly rage, as a
means of preventing access to her greater demonic capabilities due to fear of
succumbing to her father's influence. True mastery of her powers and potential requires
transcending her reliance on emotional suppression and achieving a state of emotional
balance where she accepts her demonic side rather than constantly fearing it.

Personal thoughts: The magic I'm sensing from them is near bottomless, but the boy
with the silver monkey tail is like an abyss. I also detect immense demonic power, but
also… divine? And that face… how can someone be both cute and handsome all at
once!?
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 10 (Curious)
Unique skill: Astral Projection, Empathy, Magic Manipulation, Precognition, Pedagogy,
Psychokinesis, Darkness Manipulation, Energy Manipulation, Superhuman Physiology,
Chaos Manipulation, Death Manipulation, Soul Manipulation, Time Manipulation,
Matter Manipulation, Reality Manipulation, Power of Destruction
Ultimate skill: Azarath, God of Balance
Name: Grail
Title: Daughter of Darkseid, Heir of Tyranny, Grail the Godkiller, Goddess of Anti-Life
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Affiliation: Apokolips (former), Darkseid (former), Mobius (former)
Race: Amazon-New God hybrid
Level: 2,011
HP: 698,421,500
MP: 566,710,899
SP: 643,209,899
AP: 0
Background: Born as the daughter of Darkseid and the Amazon assassin Myrina, Grail
is an Amazonian Demigoddess who was conceived as a means of destroying her father
while also bringing salvation to her fellow Amazons and protecting the World of Man.
However, due to a prophecy claiming she would only bring great destruction, both
Myrina and Grail were forced to leave Themyscira. Trained from childhood as both a
fully accomplished Amazonian warrior and assassin while also training in mastering
mysticism and the power of her father, Grail has gone to considerable lengths to fulfill
her mission, including temporarily allying with the Anti-Monitor at one point and even
fighting the Justice League. Though even with all her greatest efforts and access to the
power of the Anti-Life Equation, Grail has never succeeded and was even forced to
serve her father as a pawn at some point, though remains determined to destroy him
forever one day.

Strength: As an Amazonian Demigoddess who was trained from childhood by her
mother, Grail possesses considerable mastery in various forms of armed and unarmed
combat in addition to having the standard benefits of the Amazons (superhuman
physical capabilities, regenerative healing capabilities, immortality, etc) but to a much
higher degree due to her divine heritage. She has access to Darkseid's "Omega Effect",
granting her access to the same abilities as him, including his iconic Omega-Beams. She
also has considerable training and proficiency in magic, along with possessing the AntiLife Equation, allowing her to strip the free will of virtually anyone and making them
subservient to her.
Weakness: Her determination to destroy her father has at times made her reckless or
make questionable decisions, often coming back to haunt her. It has secretly made her
desperate as well, to the point that she is willing to do whatever it takes to destroy him
and be free forever, even if it means making deals with questionable beings. The loss of
her mother has also made her secretly crave love, even if she doesn't realize it.
Personal thoughts: They've all fought many great battles, but the monkey boy seems
different from them. I can sense divinity in him, multiple at that! And those muscles
may actually do more than make me yield fufu~
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 20 (Interest)
Unique skill: Enhanced Senses, Omega Effect, Immortality, Superhuman Physiology,
Will Corruption, Magic Manipulation, Reality Manipulation
Ultimate skill: Nemesis, God of Retribution
'Where the hell did O'Malley find those two!?' I almost screamed. Of all the people the
psychotic AI could get, it had to be two of the most broken and OP female characters in
DC. 'And what the hell are those skills!? Since when is Raven a Goddess of Destruction!?'
[Interesting. It seems these two will be more trouble than I thought]
"Now, my beautiful Birds of Prey. Time to show these fools we mean business! SHOWER
THEM WITH YOUR DIABOLICAL MIGHT!" Omega-Wendy raved.
Raven and Grail turn to the possessed little girl. "Yeah, no/I'm not interested."
Their nonchalant responses cause Omega-Wendy to stumble forward. "W-What?"
"I don't pick fights with innocent people for no apparent reason. I only came with you
because I was curious about the powerful beings you mentioned, particularly the demons you
referenced." Raven admitted nonchalantly, before focusing on me. "But you never told us
anything about the men with monkey tails, who are clearly a lot stronger than they look."
"I'm always down for a good fight, but your little drones are nothing more than a joke for
your little scheme, and aside from that boy with the silver monkey tail, none of them are that

appealing." Grail answered in a whimsical manner before focusing on me with a hungry
expression. "Besides, I would prefer doing something more satisfying with him~"
Raven and Grail descend and land beside me, much to the surprise of everyone and to the
anger of Omega.
[Damn, I knew the harem perks were broken, but to actually land two babes whose
fathers are the most evil bastards in all of DC is something else. If there was a Guinness
World Record for the most broken harem protagonist, then you broke it]
"TRAITORS! BACKSTABBERS! I SHOULD HAVE LEFT YOU TO ROT NEAR THAT
CRACK WHERE I FOUND YOU!" Omega-Wendy raged, drawing a look of interest from
me.
[Did she say crack?]
"I-It's fine. It's fine! I still have one more card left to play that you didn't see coming! Haha!"
Omega-Wendy rambles as she stretches her arms out. "Rise, my lovelies, rise!"
[This Ki… it can't be]
The earth quakes and from between us and the Lopez army a legion of Cell Jrs sprout forth.
"Gehehehe!" The Cell Juniors cackle.
Name: Cell Junior
Species: Bio-Android
Level: 1,250
HP: 200,121,091
MP: 0
SP: 265,790,100
Thoughts: Playmates, fun!
[Wait. Cell's involved in this b-plot crap!?]
"This is my back-up of back-ups! NOW DIEEEEEEEE!" Omega-Wendy screams to the
heavens and the Juniors all leap towards us.
Xeno Goku and Vegeta are first, their bodies are enveloped in the white light of [God
Ki]. Natsu's and Gray's eyes ignite with red and purple energy respectively. Cosmic power
rolls off Lucy in spades, dark energy envelops both Mira and Lisanna, Cana and Ur
activate [Fairy Heart] and Erza and Brandish activate their [Semblances].

However before they move, the original Cell flashes into existence but what draws my
attention is the iconic frog puppet by his side.
[Is that fucking Kermit the Frog!?]
I blink at the appearance of the muppet. 'What the actual fuck happened while I was away!?'
Kermit looks back and forth. "Uh, Cell? What's going on? Because it looks like we're in the
middle of a Mexican Stand off."
"Like I said Kermit, we're here to get my kids back from that walking evil stereotype of a
child!" Cell explained.
"Cell?" The duo turn to see Asmodeus standing on the other end with Fairy Tail.
"What the-Asmodeus!? You're back!?" Cell exclaims.
I arch an eyebrow. "Why do you sound so surprised? You didn't sense me?"
"Hey." Kermit points to me. "Isn't that guy you said you beat his ass so hard you kicked him
out of reality? What is he doing here?"
"Uhh…" If Cell had a shirt, he would be nervously pulling on the collar.
[The fuck!?]
"Hey, you fools!" Everyone looks up to an angry Omega-Wendy flailing around making AI
noises. "I am the main character here, pay attention!"
"What's with this sassy lost child?" Kermit asks and I snort at the meme.
"That's her. That's the bitch who stole my kids!" Cell points out in outrage.
[Huh. Didn't think he'd actually have empathy for the brats]
"Hi dad!" One of the Cell Juniors excitedly waves at his father but freezes when he sees the
glare he's sending them.
"So, mind telling me why you're all not on Tenrou Island with 17?" Cell asks the kids
[17!? He's actually out of Cell? Just what the fuck happened last month!?]
"But it's so boring over there!"
"Uncle 17 is so mean!"
"He doesn't even let us fly up the big tree anymore!"
More and more Cell Juniors aired out their complaints at their father, and it almost made me
forget that they weren't just his clones but his actual kids.

"Alright, alright." Cell calms the kids down. "When we're done here, we're heading right
back to Tenrou Island and I'll talk to uncle 17, got it?"
"Yes dad…" All of the Cell Juniors obeyed.
I place two fingers up the bridge of my nose and let out a groan.
"What is going on here?" An appalled Xeno Vegeta remarks at the bizarre sight.
"I… I don't even know anymore." I groaned.
The Cell Juniors stand down and Omega-Wendy just lost another trump card to
circumstances.
"Curse you, Cell! And curse you, Asmodeus! You ruined my DIABOLICAL PLANS!"
Omega-Wendy screamed.
"I didn't even do anything." I said.
Just then, Church floats in front of me. "Hey. Wanna put an end to this?"
"You too, huh?"
"It was funny at first, but now it's just straight up annoying." Church groaned. "The faster we
get rid of this guy, the less of a headache I'll have."
"I'm guessing you have a plan?"
"Nope!" Church admits without hesitation. "I'm winging this bitch!" He then flies towards
Omega-Wendy and possesses her.
"Ow! The back of my brain!" Omega-Wendy said as her body starts to fall from the sky, but
Raven catches her with [Psychokinesis] and gently lowers her to the ground.
Everyone surrounds Wendy as she convulses and twitches erratically on the ground like she's
having a seizure. "Heega-gurk-urk!"
"Should we do something to help her?" A worried Lisanna asks me.
"Nah." I replied. "Church may be a dick but he's reliable. He'll have Wendy back to normal in
no time.
Church pops in and quickly finds himself in a forest. "Huh. I guess I shouldn't be too
surprised."
He walks through the seemingly endless rows of tall trees along with a gentle breeze passing
through his body every so often until he finds himself in a clearing with a small hut, small
enough for a child to fit in.

"What the…? There's no way in hell O'Malley actually crammed himself in this thing." But
after a moment, Church gives up. "Fuck it." He kneels and pushes himself through the
toddler-size entrance. "Damn it's a tight fit!" He uses more strength and slowly his armored
body actually manages to push through the tight tunnel until he gets all the way inside.
Turns out the inside of the hut is a garden, however this one has statues made from trees. The
first, and by far the biggest, depicts a dragon with feathers and an expression that holds
endless love but also mischief. The second one is smaller and depicts Jellal but unlike the one
Church knows, this one was carrying a dozen wooden staves on his back and carries an
expression that entails an iron-clad resolve. The third was an old man, taller than Makarov
and was dressed like a Native American but he can feel the kindness and warmth radiating
from it.
"These must be Wendy's memories." Church surmised.
"You are absolutely correct." Church whips around to find Carla standing next to him
wearing a frilly red dress. "I suppose you're here to get rid of the psycho festering in Wendy's
mind, yes?"
"Y-Yeah…?" An unsure Church replies.
Carla sighs in relief. "Wonderful." She summons her wings and floats forward. "Please
follow me."
Church follows the Exceed onwards. "So… you're like my spirit guide or something?"
"In a sense. Though what I really am is the manifestation of Wendy's subconscious that also
acts as a buffer for her more primal impulses." Carla explains.
"Primal impulses?" A confused Church said.
"She is a dragon in the body of a teenage girl. Do the math." Carla snapped.
"Oh. Oh!" Church finally gets what she means.
"Imbecile." Carla grumbles. "Anyways, I assume you are here to exorcise that black demon."
"O'Malley. And yes. Where is he?" Church asks.
"Just beyond the meadow ahead, unfortunately that's also where Wendy's consciousness is. I
can't go with you." Carla said.
"Why?"
Carla gains a tick mark. "I just told you I'm her subconscious, you nitwit! Subconsciousness
can't directly interact with consciousness or it'll cause all sorts of problems!"
"Alright, geez. No need to get your panties in a twist." Church said drawing a groan from
Carla.

They reach the garden's exit and Carla lands right on the threshold. "From here, you simply
need to go forward. Wendy and O'Malley will be just ahead." Her body begins to
vanish. "Good luck."
Church stares at the spot Carla stood before turning to meadow beyond. "Well… Geronimo."
He walks forward, out of the realm of the unconscious and towards the source of all this
trouble.
The path is peaceful. Gentle sunlight lights the golden bricks under his feet and fluffy clouds
dance happily in the sky. The breeze is pleasant and the air has a sweet smell that gives
Church weird sensations.
In other words, it's hell.
"God, this must be what Donut's head is like. The sooner I get that bitch O'Malley, the sooner
I can leave this meth fantasy." Church grumbles as reaches the end of the path and finds… a
door? "I feel like this is a reference to something, but for the life of me I can't remember." He
turns the knob and finds himself inside a girl's room and in the center is a bed where Wendy
can be seen sleeping, surrounded by plushies of her friends and other people she cherishes.
Church walks inside the room.
*CLICK!*
"Not another step, Alpha." A rough, gravely voice demanded.
The viewpoint changes to reveal a figure identical to Church, the only difference is that his
armor's pitch black, aiming his rifle at Church's back.
"Drop the rifle and put your hands up." Omega instructs and Church does as he is told. "Now
kick it away." He kicks it. "Good boy."
"Even for you, this is just low, O'Malley." Church retorts.
"Don't fucking care, I was here first and I do whatever the fuck I want." Omega replied, still
pointing his rifle at Church.
"What's the point of possessing a little girl? I don't get it." Church comments.
"You wouldn't understand. I don't care that you don't understand!" Omega shouts. "I
originally intended to do this with Tex but we all know how THAT turned out." He looks at
Wendy. "But this girl, so honest and small, has even GREATER potential. With me in the
driver's seat, I will have no problem securing my place as the true overlord of this world!
Nye-hehehe!"
"You know, I get the feeling that you skipped the 'pure' part on purpose." Church said.
"Oh, she's not pure. Not by a long shot." Omega chuckles. "She may not look it but she's an
A-Class closet pervert. Seriously, the things I've seen in her head are not for the faint of heart,
trust me. Be thankful you didn't see them along the way here."

"... you know. I can honestly believe that." Church mutters. "Still, this is messed up even by
your standards, O'Malley. Possessing a little girl is far above your paygrade. Unless you're
into that kind of weird shit."
"Shut up! Front of my front!" Omega whacks Church in the head. "You have no idea of the
kind of boon I possess. Ever since I took over lovely Wendy she has not struggled at all and
even just sleeps all the time. Which means I won and this body is now mine as I see fit! And
there is NOTHING anyone can do to stop me! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
"Mmmm…" The two AIs sharply turn to see Wendy slowly rise up from her nest of plushies.
She scratches the sleep dust of her eyes as her eyes regain their focus. "Oh." Wendy smiles.
"Hi guys. What's up?"
"Why are you awake?" Omega demands.
"Because you were loud. Obviously, anyone would wake up from all the noise." Wendy said.
Church simply stares at her before turning back to Omega. "You were saying?"
"Shut up!" Omega growled.
"…You have no idea what's been happening, do you?" Church inquires, to which Wendy
shakes her head in confusion. "Well, I hate to break it to you, kid, but this little asshole
O'Malley has been controlling your body for like a month and doing all sorts of crazy, weird,
and annoying shit in a pointless effort to pull off his ridiculous schemes. Even made you and
your cat friend dress in ridiculous outfits."
Wendy, however, didn't seem the least bit worried. "... And?"
"That's… not the kind of reaction I was expecting." Church comments on Wendy's
nonchalantness.
"Eh. I already knew about it." Wendy shrugs, surprising the two AIs.
This confuses Church further. "You… knew?"
"Well, I was obviously startled when O'Malley barged in. But I didn't sense any genuine evil
from him and he talks funny, so I let him do whatever he wanted." Wendy giggles. "It was
fun seeing myself look like an evil dictator for once. I also love the outfits he picked for me
and Carla, they're adorable!"
"... what?" Even Omega was dumbstruck.
"The Birds of Prey are so cool, and seeing you put so much effort into your Robot-Android
army was pretty inspiring, even though they turned out to be subpar." Wendy adds.
"What… the hell… is going on here!?" Omega demands.
"I have no fucking idea." Church said.

"Plus the way you were beaming when you sensed Delta and the others coming back was so
cute. You even rushed to Tenrou to grab the Cell Juniors to show Asmodeus-san how
dastardly you've become." Wendy cooed.
"Heh…" Church chuckles before morphing into full laughter.
"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"
"STOP IT! STOP LAUGHTING THIS INSTANT, YOU INBECILE!" Omega screamed.
"She's essentially saying you're some wannabe, Chūnibyō knock-off!" Church replied while
laughing.
"Go fuck yourself, dumbass!" Omega sneered.
Wendy blinks. "What's wrong, Omega-san? You would make for a great actor or entertainer."
"I'm evil, you brat! I don't need validation from weaklings and idiots!" Omega roared.
A coy smile forms on her face. "Then why were you so happy? Admit it, you missed them~"
"I admit nothing!" Omega kneels and clutches his head. "I-I am Evil! I am RAGE! I AM
NOT HAPPY TO SEE THOSE INBECILES! NOOOOOOO!"
Omega loudly roared in rage, causing Church's laughter to intensify.
Wendy only continues to innocently look on in confusion until Church's laughter finally dies
down.
"Ha, I really needed that, kid. Thanks. I guess the ol' Doc made good after all." Church says
as he regains his bearings. "But seriously, things have gotten out of hand out there, and I can
vouch for everyone that we're tired of his bullshit. So I'm pulling the plug on this little
detour."
"Oh." Wendy looks down sad. "I guess that's fair."
Church grabs Omega and lifts him up, all the while he mutters "I am evil" over and over.
"Welp. See you back in the real world kid." Church and Omega pop out of existence.
Magnolia
Wendy's eyes snap open and starts to get up.
"Wendy-chan… is that you?" A worried Levy asks the little girl.
Wendy nods. "Yeah, it's me."
Levy hugs Wendy and soon the other girls follow suit. Just then, Church and Omega appear
in their holo forms with the black AI perched against him.
I glance at the seemingly catatonic Omega. "What happened to him?"

"Just a little existential crisis. No biggie." Church said. "I'm gonna take him to Sigma and
Delta. Maybe they'll figure out a way to lock him up." With that, the two AIs vanish from
sight.
[Well, on the bright side he's not raging about the revenge all that crap]
'I'm still worried about what Omega said? You think the crack in the Ever After wasn't the
only one?' I asked.
[It's highly likely. Considering the kind of damage the Genesis Wave created, I doubt it
only left one "scar"]
"Charge." I turn to see the Lopez Army now a little closer to Fairy Tail.
[We should probably shut them off first]
The inside of the guild is lively with everyone drinking, eating, partying, and throwing
furniture around without a care in the world.
Yup, classic Fairy Tail.
Saeko, Saya, and Rei have already gone full native. Saeko seems to be getting along with
Erza, the two were talking about their [Requip Magic]. It seems Saeko is asking Erza for
pointers on how to use it.
Rei is getting along with Lucy and Lisanna. They seem to have a lot of things in common,
like them having a crush on a guy so dense that a bullet will just bounce off him (I can't tell
whether they're talking about Takeshi or Natsu; likely both).
Saya and Amber are hanging out with Laki and Carla (who's no longer wearing that jester
costume). Carla seemed to be thankful to have more "smart" women in their ranks, though I
get the feeling Carla hasn't gone to Laki's room yet.
Emerald was socializing with Lisanna while also hanging out with Seilah, surprisingly
enough. The former was extremely sympathetic to Emerald's tough upbringing on the streets
given the struggles her own siblings had after their parents died prior to joining Fairy Tail,
while the latter exhibited interest after learning Emerald also served me and even came from
their master's home world.
Alice and Zeke are being doted on by Brandish and Mirajane, who immediately took a liking
to the girl (they were practically gushing when they heard Alice address me as 'Angel-niisan'
and called them both 'big sis') and the adorable puppy, making sure to protect them from any
incoming furniture, the alcohol, and certain other eccentrics (like Gray and Ur ending up
stripping naked, even with the latter apologizing afterwards upon being lightly scolded by
Mirajane).
Merlin was with me as I spoke with Cell, Kermit, Raven, and Grail.

"So, what prompted you to… pop these kids into existence?" I ask as I glance at the Cell
Juniors joining in the mayhem just a few feet away.
"Simple. I was dealing with a lot of baggage at the time and I found myself in a nasty area
full of Chaos Monsters. So, I produced these little devils to kill them while I brood in peace."
Cell explains and blink at the explanation.
Kermit smiles. "Isn't it incredible? He's come a long way since we met."
I finally turned to Kermit. "And how do you fit in this equation?"
"Well…" Kermit drawled.
Flashback
Cell stands in a forest clearing, the sounds of battle vibrating through air, but none of that
excites him.
"There's nothing here for me. Those women are too focused on their precious Asmodeus to
even give a form of challenge." Cell clenches his hand as energy ripples from it. "Not to
mention the bitch 18 convinced those blue bitches to take what was MINE!" He fires a ki
shot into the dense sea of trees and after a few seconds an explosion goes off that levels the
area beyond.
Cell lets out a defeated sigh. "Maybe destroying this world will get me out of this stupid
funk." That's when he hears the sound of a banjo and turns to see the most bizarre sight: a
weird bipedal frog… thing playing a ukulele for some reason.
"Hi-Ho!" The weird frog creature greets him.
"... what the?" Cell was confused. "Um… who are you?"
"Kermit the Frog." Kermit introduces himself. "Can I play you a song?"
"Um, why?"
"You look like you need a smile. This song makes me smile." He said.
"Stop that." Cell ordered.
"Stop what?"
"Being wholesome. It's fucking cringe!"
"Oh. Does it annoy you?" He innocently asks.
Cell glares at him. "Immensely. Stop playing!"
"Then you're gonna love this!" Kermit exclaims.
"Please don't."

"Too late." Kermit starts to sing. "~There's one thing, I know. The blues they send to meet me
won't defeat me.~" He leans closer to Cell. "~It won't be long till happiness steps up to greet
me.~" He sang. "BANJO SOLO YAAAAY!" He then starts playing his banjo more intensely
like a rock star.
"Kermit, okay I get it! That's quite enough." Cell said and Kermit stopped playing. "I
appreciate this evening's entertainment, but I must get back to fulfilling my purpose."
"What's your purpose?" Kermit asks.
"Getting revenge on my sister and her stupid friends." Cell states.
"But revenge is pointless, it doesn't change the spot you're in now. If anything, it'll make
things worse." Kermit said. "Why not try to better yourself?"
"That does make sense, but allow me to retort." Cell began. "FUCK THAT! I WANT
REVENGE!"
"Okay, but what if things go out of your control? What then?" Kermit asks. "Hell, what if
your sister and her friends die from hyperthermala before you can even get your revenge?"
Cell looks confused. "Hyperwhat?"
"You know when you get really cold?"
"That's hypothermia you fucking idiot!" Cell angrily corrects him. "And it'll be the least of
their worries."
"What if we delay the plans then and in the meantime fix your very obvious depression."
Kermit suggests.
"Why would I do that?"
"'Cause we're friends." Kermit quickly replies.
"We are not friends." Cell quickly denies.
"Sure we are. You know my name, I know yours, we're both green, I have a clipboard. So
we're definitely peers." Kermit states.
Cell is at his limit. "Listen here, you stupid frog. I will cage you as a pet before I ever
consider you my equal-" "Deal." Kermit interrupts Cell mid-threat.
"What?" Cell is once again confused.
"So I was thinking we should start with a change of scenery. That way, you can have a fresh
perspective." Kermit tilts his head to see the massacre happening in the background. "Though
we'll need to leave the kids with someone. Do you have any other relatives beside your
sister?"

Cell has no words.
Flashback end
"So we sent the Juniors to Tenrou Island which is where 17's lives while we went on a little
adventure across the world." Kermit said. "Cell fought mages, we tried different foods, and
even when to Edolas but then got kicked out for… stuff."
"Do I even wanna know what you guys did in Edolas?" I ask in exasperation before my
thoughts shifted elsewhere. "Speaking of 17, how is he back? Didn't you absorb him to attain
your [Black Cell] form?"
"Ms. Vados and Ms. Marcarita separated 17 from Cell after 18 beat him. That's why he's been
depressed for a month." Kermit explains before adding. "That, and he missed you."
"Shut the fuck up, Kermit." Cell growled.
I arch an eyebrow. "Really now?" A smug grin appears on my face. "Did you really miss me,
Cell?"
"No, I fucking didn't!" Cell exclaims.
"But Cell, you told me how much you missed him." Kermit said.
Flashback
It's nighttime in Earthland as Cell and Kermit were sitting together in an arena that Cell
created identical to his Cell Games arena. It was occasionally used for sparring with Athena
and Metis when they were available from supporting Guiltina or hunting Demons, Dragons,
and Chaos Monsters.
But at the moment, Cell wasn't training, but rather, he was drinking with Kermit, with the
frog drinking a simple beer while Cell was drinking a bottle of Selene's special Dragon Sake
that he had secretly stolen from her palace.
With Asmodeus no longer around, Super 18 took it upon herself to rein Cell in as well as
"punish" him. She trained under Vados and Marcarita as a means of getting stronger and
mastering [God Ki], with Mirajane and Irene offering pointers on refining her proficiency
in [Chaos Energy]. Once she was confident of her strength, 18 explained to the two angels
the fate of her brother, and even though they explained this wasn't her 17 but an alternate
version, she didn't care and asked for their help in getting him out of Cell.
After a long battle, 18 and Kefla managed to restrain the Bio-Android long enough for the
two angels to separate them causing Cell to lose his black form. Feeling humiliated and
angry, Cell tries to kill the women but not before Selene vanishes him from Elentear and
threatens death if he ever sets foot in her realm. What she didn't notice though was that a few
bottles of her special sake got swept along with him by accident. Since then, Cell has been in
a perpetual bad mood, not only was he humiliated by his "inferior" sister, halved his power
level but the separation also left him with an aching void in the core of his being.

"Hey, it's okay, man. So what if you don't have your special appearance anymore? You still
look great to me." Kermit tries to comfort a crying Cell. Normally Cell wouldn't tell him
something like this, he would've killed him as he swore many times. The only reason he
hasn't is because of Selene's Dragon Sake. You see, the sake causes anyone that isn't a dragon
to become drunk the moment they partake a sip of the drink. Normally this wouldn't be a
problem for Cell, but he's drunk THREE WHOLE BOTTLES of them in under an hour,
meaning his system hasn't had the time to burn it off.
"It wasn't just a look! It was a form of power unlike anything I had ever felt before! And the
sheer humiliation that 18 of all people managed to inflict upon me! Not even my defeat
against Asmodeus made me feel like this!" Cell cried with a prominent blush on his pale face,
indicating he's drunk. "I was meant to be living perfection! Now I'm nothing but a washed up
loser. I may as well join the other obsolete models at the scrapheap!"
"Don't give up Cell. So what if your sister beat you? It's no biggie, you'll definitely get the
upper hand next time." Kermit assures him.
"I miss Asmodeus, Kermit." Cell told Kermit. "He was the only one who could push me to
strive for more, to be more than what Dr Gero created me to be!"
"What was Asmodeus like? You never told me much other than the fact that you had kicked
him out of this dimension after defeating him." Kermit inquires, curious of the individual.
"Asmodeus was unlike any being I or anyone had ever seen before! He was confident,
powerful, skilled, intelligent, resourceful, cunning, adaptive, and so much more! He could
accomplish wonders, bring out the best in people, find new ways to improve himself and gain
all manner of new abilities and skills, and do the impossible time and again!" Cell ranted,
revealing how he saw his 'Master'. "He was an inspiration for anyone who met him, setting a
standard that everyone else aspired to! Someone I was proud to call my first true friend!"
"Wow, he sounds like one hell of a guy." Kermit says in surprise, wishing to meet Asmodeus.
"He really was, Kermit. He really was." Cell says before eventually falling unconscious due
to how intoxicated he was.
By the time Cell had woken up, he had completely sobered up and didn't remember his little
'confession'.
Flashback end
[Wow…]
"Damn Cell…" I muttered. "I… I don't know what to say."
"Then don't. You heard nothing." He gets up and walks forward. "Alright kids. Playtime's
over!"
"Aww!" All the juniors whined.

"Get over here, all of you!" The Cell Juniors all converge around Cell and grab one another
while the ones in the front grab Cell as he uses [Instant Transmission].
"Cell may be a biomechanical killing machine created by a mad scientist, but he does have a
soft side." Kermit comments.
Merlin, Grail, and even Raven were all giggling at the revelation.
"That's one way to put it. Looks like your little bug man appreciates you more than you might
think, handsome~" Grail purrs as she wraps herself around one of my arms, making it a point
to squeeze her massive breasts against it, having picked up the habit after noticing many of
his lovers do the same.
And she was seeing the appeal, it was far more enjoyable than most would think, though it
helped that she enjoyed the feeling of his firm muscles and the intoxicating [Aura] that was
passively released.
"I sensed his emotions during your little revelation. The level of indignation and humiliation
isn't something that would exist unless it were true." Raven reveals, becoming familiar with
the type of person Cell was and deduces the truth.
"Well, having spent quite a bit of time around Asmodeus, I can say the things Cell said about
him are quite accurate." Merlin says while wrapping herself around my other arm.
I'd be lying if I said I wasn't enjoying the feeling of their incredible boobs against my arms.
But the three new individuals did cause another topic to come to mind.
"Apologies for not inquiring about this sooner, but how did you two get here?" I said while
looking at Raven and Grail in curiosity. "I heard Omega mention a 'crack' that he pulled you
out of. I'd like to know more about it, if you don't mind."
"..." Merlin glances at the two women as they don't answer immediately.
"To be honest, I don't think there's an answer. We don't know." Raven said.
"Then tell me what you remember." I said.
Flashback
Raven was meditating in a void resembling the night sky, with nothing except stars
surrounding her.
"I was meditating in a different dimension to isolate myself as I sought to master the full
depths of my powers without endangering my friends or the people of Earth." Raven says,
before the image of a surge of power came out of nowhere and engulfed Raven's body,
greatly disorienting her before the fabric of space tore open and swallowed her, knocking her
unconscious in the process.
By the time she regains her bearings, Raven could tell she was in a different location - a
forest from the looks of it - and by her side was the unconscious form of the daughter of

Darkseid himself: Grail.
Raven knew of the Amazon-New God hybrid, the Justice League kept files on all of their
adversaries. She knew that Grail was the one responsible for the resurrection of Darkseid in
some twisted attempt to make him her servant, but the tables turned on her and the evil god
made her the servant instead, and now seeks to destroy him for good.
While Grail is known for being fierce, ruthless, and morally ambiguous, she and Diana along
with other open-minded heroes didn't believe that she was truly evil. Granted, she was a total
bitch who didn't give a damn about the consequences of her actions or the harm she caused to
the innocent whether indirectly or otherwise.
Or at least not when she wasn't under the control of Darkseid.
However, she couldn't deny she felt somewhat of a small kinship to the Amazon, as they both
share similar origins. She sometimes wondered if Raven never arrived in Azarath, would she
have ended the same way?
However, those thoughts come to a grinding halt as Grail had suddenly awakened with a
startled gasp and quickly regained her bearings, immediately observing her unfamiliar
surroundings before turning to Raven.
Neither girls moved, not that they could, as whatever brought them here had taken a toll,
even if they weren't injured.
"Oh, what do we have here?" Raven and Grail turned to see a young girl in an unusual outfit
along with a bipedal cat in a jester costume. She notes that the girl's smirk felt unnatural on
her face. "I can tell you girls are far stronger than you look. We're gonna do so many
LOVELY THINGS together, hahaha."
Raven and Grail glanced at each other, before looking back at the girl, conveying a
willingness to listen, causing the new girl's smirk to widen.
Flashback end
"I see, and what about you, Grail?" I ask the other hybrid still wrapped around my arm.
A dark expression appeared on her face before she sighed. "I was stupid enough to not see
my fucking bastard of a father was only using me until it was too late, and my attempt at
escape had unforeseen complications that brought me somewhere I wasn't expecting."
Flashback
Grail is in Apokolips, leaning against a destroyed wall. Her body wracked in deep wounds
and burns as she is surrounded by legions of Parademons and Furries and in front of them all
is the towering and imposing figure of her father… Darkseid.
"Your resolve is admirable but ultimately futile, Grail. You are truly worthy of being my
daughter, as evident by the fact that you are the only child to inherit the power of the

[Omega Effect]." Darkseid said, his dark and malevolent voice traveling any distance
despite not speaking loudly. "But all will bend to the will of Darkseid in the end."
"I was already helping you, you bastard! Why are you doing this?!" Grail roared at her father,
having been forced to serve him due to mental manipulation, but how did he catch up on her
plans so quickly!?
"Do you truly believe me a fool, daughter? I knew you were conspiring to kill me, along
with secretly hoarding my [Anti-Life Equation]. You forget your place." Darkseid
answered, his face remaining as stoic as ever. "You are my pawn to use as I see fit until I
dispose of you, as are all things." He said. "But you cling to the same weakness as
Myrina."
"Don't say her name! You don't DESERVE to say her name!" Grail's rage had reached its
limit. "My mother was better than you will EVER be! She wanted a better future for me. For
our home! All you want is another cog of your ambition!"
"Now, now, dear. That is no way to talk to your father." Came the maternal voice of Granny
Goodness. "Why don't you stop this nonsense and come with me? I know of a lovely
treatment that will make all those bad thoughts go away."
"Fuck you, you fat cow!" Grail barks at her. "If you so much as lay a finger, I will skin you
alive like a pig and roast you in the Fire Pits for the Lowlies and Hounds to eat!"
This quickly breaks the maternal façade of Granny Goodness, morphing into a cruel visage.
"You duplicitous little shit! How dare you speak to your betters that way?!" Goodness spat as
a sadistic smile bursts forth. "I'm going to enjoy breaking that little rebellious mind of yours,
and make you a chew toy for my girls."
"Enough." Darkseid's command reels granny and her Furries back. "I do not have time to
entertain this childish tantrum. I will retrieve the [Anti-Life Equation] and the [Omega
Effect] from your ashes. Your soul will be forever trapped in the [Omega Sanction] and
suffer for the infinite duration of reality."
"I knew Darkseid would follow through with his decree and that there was nowhere to run or
hide. But if he expected me to kneel and beg for his nonexistent mercy then he forgot one
crucial detail about us Amazons." Grail pulls a [Motherbox] from her back. "And it's that we
would rather die fighting than surrender."
"Do you think escaping will deter judgment, daughter." Darkseid's question was more of
a fact. "No one escapes Darkseid."
"Master, there's something wrong with that [Motherbox]." One of the Furries, Speed Queen,
said.
Darkseid looks at the [Motherbox] in Grail's hand and sees the flickering interface. "... it's
unstable."

"Don't be a fool, girl! If you activate that [Motherbox] it will-" But Granny Goodness doesn't
finish as Grail activates the faulty device.
"The moment I activated it, reality snapped. I believe I was sucked into a black hole, one that
hopefully swallowed half of Apokolips, though I doubt I was that lucky." Grail can feel her
body being ripped apart by the molecule, yet despite the pain she persisted. "But I have
survived much worse from Darkseid and the rest of the universe." Grail gets pulled deeper
into the vortex and reaches its center where she uses her [Omega Effect]. I let myself be
swallowed by the Event Horizon. I had hoped that my powers would allow me to control it
and it seemed I was only half correct." The black hole collapses on her and explodes, a crack
in the universe forms and swallows the cosmic force along with Grail before it closes.
Grail's eyes snap open and she finds herself staring up at a blue sky; an Earth sky. "I
somehow found myself back on Earth, or somewhere Earth-like. Somehow the black hole
brought me here." She pulls herself off the ground. "But I wasn't alone." She turns and see
the hero called Raven next to her, equally shocked by these bizarre circumstances
They then turn to see a little girl and her cat walking up to use while wearing the widest of
grins she's ever seen.
Flashback end
"And that brings us to now." Grail said.
"Damn." I said.
"Bah. It's all in the past anyway." Grail shrugs before her sensual smirk returns. "Besides,
now that I have you here, stud, my prolonged stay in this dimension may become a little
more tolerable."
"I'm flattered. It's not every day a guy can catch the eye of a legendary and sexy Amazon." I
say while returning her smirk with one of my own before turning to Raven. "Though I'd
never imagined I would meet a member of the Titans and the Daughter of Trigon on
Earthland of all places."
Raven's eyes widened in shock. "How did you know all that?" That's when she notices his
platinum eyes emit a faint glow.
"My eyes allow me to see hidden truths. I knew who you both were the moment I saw you." I
reveal, shocking them.
"That sounds like Ruler's [True Name Discernment]." Lady Avalon said.
"Is that one of the powers you gained from the tree?" Merlin asks.
"Yup." Though technically not a lie, I could always see a person's stats and simply relied on
my meta-knowledge to fill the gaps. But thanks to [Observe's] evolution I have access to the
full history of anyone/thing I look at.

This caused both Raven and Grail to stare at me in shock and awe. Sitting before them was
someone who knew fully who they were and who they were related to, but still accepted and
supported them unconditionally. The sincerity in his eyes and expression let them know he
was being honest and genuinely cared for them in a way that they hadn't seen in anyone other
outside of their respective mothers, not even in the Titans in Raven's case.
Don't misunderstand, Raven cared deeply for her team and even saw them as family at times,
but because of her powers she never allowed herself to express it outside of the rarest of
moments and it made her feel isolated. Yet oddly, being near him made her feel safe,
his [Aura] was warm, like the sun. It was like it was telling it was okay to let go, that he'd
help her if she slipped. And for the first time in a long while, she felt good.
Grail felt strange, conflicted even. To be analyzed so thoroughly like an open book would
usually incur her wrath, yet she wasn't angry even when she should. Instead, here is someone
who didn't judge her for her heritage or her past. He didn't see her as a weapon to pit against
enemies or a pawn to be thrown away without hesitation. He simply saw her as herself and it
felt… liberating.
For someone so accepting of her is rare… it made her feel different, wanted even… and it
felt good.
'I am not letting you go.' The two swore with a strong combination of love, lust, and devotion.
You gain 90 AFF with Rachel Roth (Eternal Soulmate)
You gain 100 REP with Rachel Roth (Absolute Faith)
You gain 80 AFF with Grail (Eternal Soulmate)
You gain 100 REP with Grail (Absolute Faith)
[I never get used to how fast you win women's hearts just from a few words. Those
harem perks are no joke]
'I mean, it's not ENTIRELY because of the perks. When you consider the backstories and
personal issues of a lot of characters, offering things like empathy, faith, and acceptance go a
long way with profound effects, with Raven and Grail being prime examples. They've
struggled with their paternal heritage, their upbringings, how others see them, and their
potential futures. Aside from their mothers, very few if any offered unconditional acceptance
and genuine care without skepticism or fear.' I point out. 'Beside, not all of the girls are crazy
about me. I mean, Amber doesn't seem head over heels for me.'
[She's young and a bit weary of us, but it's bound to happen at some point]
"A-hem." Everyone turns to Lady Avalon. "I hate to ruin this intimate moment, but Masterkun here has a pending appointment."
"Hm? Oh right!" I suddenly remember what she's talking about. "The girls are waiting for
me, aren't they?" I smiled. "I guess I made them wait too long, huh."

"You most certainly did!" Avalon pouts. "Now let's go!"
"You're not gonna bring any of us with you?" Merlin asked in curiosity, to which I shook my
head.
"Sorry, but not this time." I said. "It may be selfish but I want to spend time with them. Also,
I have no idea what's gonna happen in Elentear, but I seriously doubt it'll be anything kidfriendly." I turn to Grail and Raven. "You can both come if you want. I bet Diana'd be happy
to see some familiar faces."
""Diana!?"" Both girls stood up in surprise.
"Oh, I'm definitely coming now!" Grail says and walks to my side with Raven not too far
behind.
"Later everyone." I use [Instant Transmission] and the four of us disappear.
Just then, the doors slam wide open and Gajeel, Pantherlily, Laxus, Elfman along with Layla
and Ultear walk inside.
"Hey, we just saw a bunch of weird armored guys just lying in the streets. Any idea what
that's about?" Laxus asks.
"Asmodeus is back." Mira reveals shocking the group.
"What!?"
"Yup. but, he just left with Lady Avalon." Mira further adds and the four get depressed.
Everyone arrives before Selene's castle in Black Moon Mountain.
I walk forward and take in the familiar scenery. "Man, it feels like it's been ages since I set
foot here."
"Does this place hold significance to you?" Grail asks.
"In a way." I said. "The owner of this castle's name is Selene and she's my magic teacher."
"She's also the patron goddess here." Avalon playfully adds catching the two hybrids off
guard.
"You trained with a goddess?" A surprised Raven said, knowing how finicky gods are when
taking disciples.
"Yeah. It wasn't a cakewalk though." I bend my fingers. "My knuckles ache just remembering
her so-called 'training' sessions."
[Still, you can't argue with the results]

"Asmodeus-kun!" I look up only to get smothered by a pair of soft funbags. I pull the woman
off to reveal none other than Sariel. "Sariel."
"Oh Asmodeus-kun, thank goodness you're okay! While I had faith you would eventually
return, we were all so worried! I missed you so much!" Sariel says before pulling me back
into a smothering hug, this time with a stronger grip.
I return the hug and smile. "I missed you too." This causes Sariel to vibrate with happiness.
Raven and Grail just stare at the loving sight, unsure on how to react while Avalon simply
smiles.
The doors to the castle suddenly swing open to reveal Irene, Anna, Shizuka, Yuko, Yoko,
Konomi, Belial, Mammon, Chun-Li, Chisato, Dlanor, Kaguya, and Diana.
"Hey there!" I said but instead of replying the girls simply charge in and tackle me to the
ground.
The girls shower me with kisses while pressing their curvy and well-endowed bodies against
me.
"Master has returned." Dlanor purred.
"It's good to have you back." Kyôka said.
"We missed you." Irene, Yuko, and Yoko said at once.
"We were so worried about you." Chisato and Anna said.
"I didn't know how much longer I could take." Shizuka adds.
"You better not pull something like this again." Belial warned.
"Or else I'll file a lawsuit for emotional damage." Mammon said.
"I'm just happy to see you." Kagura said.
"Me too." Konomi agrees.
"As am I." Diana adds.
"I'm glad you're okay." Chun-Li said.
My smile widens and I conjure energy arms and embrace them all at once. "I'm back girls…"
After the long loving embrace, we all let go and pull ourselves up.
"While it would be hypocritical of me to admonish your decision since I or my teammates in
the Justice League likely would've tried doing the same or at least something similar, I am
simply grateful that you are okay and have returned to us." Diana says in relief before

noticing the 2 new arrivals, causing her eyes to widen. "Raven? Grail? By Hera, how are you
two here?"
"So Asmodeus was right, you really were here, Diana." Raven says in amazement.
Diana turns to Grail who quickly knows what she's thinking.
"If you're worried about Darkseid coming, then don't, I'm here completely by accident.
Besides, all I want to do is to kill that walking grey dildo." Grail quickly told her. "I'm not
here to cause trouble, and Asmodeus even invited me to join him."
"I see. Well, it's still good to see you." Diana smiles and Grail turns away hiding her blush.
"Diana, what are you doing here?" Raven curiously asks.
"Like most of the women present, I was summoned by Asmodeus as part of an effort to save
the multiverse from the actions of a despicable duo." Diana says as she explains the conflict
that took place with Rusty and Towa to them.
Needless to say, both Raven and Grail are extremely disgusted by Rusty's plan and grateful
that Asmodeus stopped him, along with stopping Towa's own mad scheme.
"Wow, that must have been quite the battle. Kinda wish I was there to teach this Rustyrose a
lesson. It's bad enough Darkseid wants everyone as his mindless drones, but this guy wanted
to turn all females into his brainwashed sex slaves?" Grail says with a dark expression.
"Guess we should all be grateful that you and Asmodeus stopped him in the end." Raven says
in relief.
"Indeed. Asmodeus summoning us turned out to be the greatest thing to ever happen to all of
us, as it not only kept us safe from their clutches due to being their biggest targets and made
us stronger than ever, but we all got to meet an amazing man who would become our
husband." Diana reveals while looking at me with a loving smile, causing Raven and Grail's
eyes to widen.
"Wait a minute. You and Asmodeus are married?!" Grail says in utter shock, with Raven
sharing the same reaction. Neither expected Diana to ever get married to a man, particularly
after her relationships with Steve Trevor and Superman didn't work out.
"Indeed, but like I said, it was the best thing to ever happen to me or any of us." Diana
reiterates as she comes up and kisses me on the cheek.
"As much as I'm sure the three of you would like to continue, I believe Selene-san wanted
Asmodeus-sama and the rest of us inside to celebrate his return and his victory over
Rustyrose and Towa." Irene interrupts and reminds them, causing everyone to nod as all of
them follow me into the palace.
[I'm honestly curious about this "party" Selene has in store for us. Selene isn't like the
mages of Fairy Tail and doesn't strike as the type to sporadically make a ruckus]

'Knowing Selene, her idea of a party likely involves hot springs.' I guessed as we continued
into the palace.
[Oooh. And if that's the case, then you'll not only get to relax in a nice hot bath but also
surrounded by lots of goddess-tier beauties with their heavenly curves and breasts~]
'…You really are the biggest pervert I've ever met.' I thought with a deadpan. 'Seriously.
You're likely an even bigger pervert than Issei Hyoudou.'
[Don't act like you aren't in the same boat! I'm in your head remember? I know how
you think]
'I'm not afraid to admit or deny it. I just don't focus primarily on the dirty stuff.' I say in
amusement.
[Sure, keep telling yourself that]
We enter the castle proper and inside we are greeted by a line of maids bowing to us.
"Welcome back, Asmodeus-sama." The maids greet me as we walk further inside until we
reach a door and they open it for us.
Inside is a large and long room with rows of small tables situated in an orderly line and
beside them is everyone we rescued from Rustyrose along with the [Moonlight
Divinities] wearing yukatas that don't make an effort of hiding their lovely curves. And just
beyond it all, sitting in what can only be called a throne, is Selene herself, her appearance the
same as when he rescued her.
"Welcome home, my little devil." Selene's smile was loving and her voice as soft as silk.
"Now, it is time. Let us celebrate the return of our hero who ended the madness. The man
chosen by chaos and curb-stomped fate." She raises her cup. "To Asmodeus!"
"To Asmodeus!"
"Let's get this party started!" Yoruichi exclaimed.
"Hell yeah!"
And so the party began.
The room is quickly overwhelmed with a cacophony of noise from everyone. Yoruichi starts
off by challenging Kefla, Nana, Laura, Sayo, Carol, Belial, Mammon, Kushina, She-Hulk,
Hinata, and 18 to an eating contest. Selene allows it, and a platoon of maids quickly walk in
single file with trays full of food and they all start to devour them and the maids switch the
empty plates with full plates. Soon it was just Kefla, Sayo, Kushina, Mammon, and Jennifer
left… and Jennifer won!
Yeah! The human outeats the Saiyan! That's a first-ever record! (Although said human's a
living nuclear reaction. But who cares? A win's a win).

"Asmodues-kun, say aahh~" Shizuka offers me a piece of fish with a smile.
"No, no, have mine Asmodeus-kun." Chisato offers some of her chicken.
I happily take both and my taste buds are bombarded by this GODLY food. "Holy…! This is
delicious!"
Selene giggles. "Hikifune-san will be overjoyed that you think so."
[Kirio made this? That makes sense]
Suddenly, something soft and squishy collides against my back and when I turn I see a
flushed Sephie. "Hi daaaarling~"
I blink. "Are you drunk?"
"Wa? Noh, Noh." Sephie denies. "Ish wash just…" She gestures at how little she drank. "Tis
much."
[She is totally wasted lol]
Nanoha, Fate, Mikoto and Yami drink in silence as chaos ensues. Mikoto and Yami want
nothing to do with the others' antics while the Magical Girl duo enjoy each other's company.
Cammy picks up an egg roll only for it to be swiped by Juri who promptly eats it. Cammy
then takes one of Juri's sushi as payback but is stopped by Juri's chopsticks before the two
enter a chopstick match, with Chun-Li literally sitting in the middle of it.
"Girls please…" Chun-Li groans as her peace is completely ruined.
Goryu, Betsy, and Natasha ate silently in the background and are effectively masking their
presence.
Wanda, Illyana, and Ororo are messing around with their powers. Wanda and Illyana create a
small garden on their trays and Ororo conjures clouds to rain down on them. It's honestly
pretty innocent and cute.
A couple of the servants bought a karaoke machine and Anna quickly got it working and
started singing. It eventually turned into a miniature concert as the others took a turn, even
Grail decided to give it a try… and it was the worst decision of all time.
Turns out the New God was tone deaf, and a bad one… so is Diana and Yoko the [Moonlight
Divinity].
Mimi had surprisingly a great singing voice that I can honestly put her in the same league as
Kyoka Jiro and Weiss. Sariel's also great but that's a given since she's an angel, Jean as well.
Hibiki and Yoko Sagiri did a duet and I could have sworn I saw Yuko crying crocodile tears
at hearing her sister's beautiful performance.
[Maybe you can summon the other 6 Virtues and 5 Sins, just to complete the set]

At some point, Mira, Ur, Cana, Seilah, Ultear, Lamy, Brandish, Grammi, Layla, Erza, 21, and
even Wendy and Carla showed up and joined the party, adding that special Fairy Tail magic
to make it extra spicy.
I smile and laugh as the party continues. It's good to be back.
I took off my dirty clothes and placed them in a basket before taking a towel and wrapping it
around my waist.
The party was great but it eventually turned messy when a drunk Kefla decided to fire a ki
blast on accident and it blasted Ororo, causing a hurricane inside the room and covering
nearly everyone in a layer of food, myself included, forcing us to leave prematurely as the
maids quickly got to work on cleaning the mess.
'I was planning to soak in the hot springs anyway so this works out for me.' I thought as I
entered the hot springs, only to stumble on a surprising yet admittedly amazing site.
Nana, Kefla, Yukino, Erza, Ur, Ultear, 18, 21, Avalon, Sephie, Divine, Karen, Raven, Sariel,
Belial, Mammon, Lamy, Layla, Anna, Grammi, Brandish, Dimaria, Selene, Chun-Li, Juri,
Cammy, Mirajane, Cana, Jenny, Illyana, Jean, Ororo, Laura, Carol, Jennifer, Natasha, Goryu,
Yuko, Yoko, Yami, Konomi, Yoruichi, Kirio, Chisato, Shizuka, Vados, Marcarita, Hibiki,
Nanoha, Fate, Wanda, Kushina, Hinata, Mikoto, Seilah, Kyôka, Irene, Grail, Rogue, Emma,
Betsy, Diana, Kagura, Kaguya, Dlanor, Wendy, Carla, and Minerva; all of the girls are
soaking in the hot spring!
[Ohohoho! This is just getting better!]
'What the hell are they all doing here!? This is the men's side!' I exclaim.
They all turned their attention towards me.
"Hi!" Kagura waves at me.
"Kya!" An embarrassed Wendy quickly hides in the water.
"You lecher!" Carla hissed.
Yami and Dlanor are enveloped in a dark aura. "Pervert."
"Ara, ara. What a surprise~" An amused Vados comments.
"Hm." Marcarita hums in amusement.
"A-Asmodeus-sama! What are you doing here?!" Yukino stutters in surprise.
"I should be the one asking that. This is the men's section." I ask with a blank expression,
before turning towards Selene. "You did this on purpose, didn't you, Selene?"
Selene, being the mischievous vixen of a dragon that she is, merely giggled.

"Before your return, I largely kept males from coming to my palace to give the various girls
room to heal, so it might have slipped my mind." Selene says, though her tone and expression
clearly said otherwise. She then gestured to the other women. "Besides, what better way to
show our appreciation to our hero than to keep him company while relaxing in these divine
hot springs, my little devil~?"
I arch a dark brow. "Did you even ask if they are okay with it?" I glance at the girls,
particularly Wendy and Yukino. "Some of them might be uncomfortable bathing with a man."
"I'm fine with it." Lamy said.
"I used to bathe with Natsu and Gray." Erza states.
"Bah! What a load of crap!" Kefla barked. "Who gives a damn if he's a man!? Everyone here
is old enough to handle something like seeing a guy naked!" She gives a smug smirk.
"Besides, it's a known fact that everyone here wants to fuck his brains out!"
"F-F-F-F." Wendy and Yukino stupor uncontrollably while some of the older women giggle
perversely.
"Kefla-san! You can't just say something like that in front of him!" Hinata says in
embarrassment.
"I mean, she isn't wrong. And he likely would have picked up on it if he didn't already."
Minerva says with a shrug, before looking at me with a hungry expression. "Besides, this is a
good opportunity for all of us."
"No kidding. I still can't believe our savior was such a super-sexy stud!" Jenny says with a
flirtatious wink to me, before looking at Mira in envy. "Mirajane is one lucky bitch to snag
you first!"
Mirajane merely giggled at her fellow model's reaction, pride and amusement filling her.
"You won't get any complaints from me." Wanda says while appreciating the eye-candy
before her.
"Nor from me. He's more than earned it." Karen says with a flirty smile.
"I don't need to use my telepathy to know everyone's thoughts on the matter. So might as
well, darling~" Emma says in a seductive manner, with nobody, not even her teammates,
refuting her.
[Come on, literally any guy would give ANYTHING or EVERYTHING to spend time
with the all-time hottest babes in the Multiverse, and naked no less!]
'Might as well.' I thought with a shrug as I entered the hot spring, the girls all staring intently
the moment I took off my towel.
And needless to say, all of them were stunned at the sight of my not-so-little friend.

"KYA!" Wendy and Yukino cover their eyes, although they do leave a crack to take a peek.
"Y-Y-You…!" A flustered Carla can't believe this is happening.
"Now that's a katana." Kagura said.
"My goodness. An' here I thought Emma was exaggeratin'." Rogue says in surprise.
"Emma wouldn't exaggerate something like that, and I saw the memories too." Betsy refuted
without taking her eyes off me while licking her lips.
"Damn. Never thought I would meet a guy with 12 inches." Laura admitted, a predatory glint
appearing in her eyes.
"Looks like we both scored big time, Carol." Jennifer nudges her teammate, drawing a giggle
from Ms Marvel.
"More like the jackpot. Asmodeus is the catch of a lifetime." Carol adds.
The Marvel girls continue talking about my dick size and I can't help but feel a shudder
running down my spine.
[Just what the hell has Selene been doing with them?]
I settled into the water, with Selene immediately sitting in my lap, her ass grinding against
my cock. "Really?"
"Don't act like you're not enjoying it, my little devil~" Selene purrs sensually.
"You bitch! Why do you get to grind on Asmodeus-sama?!" Brandish roars in outrage before
being pulled back by Grammi and Dimaria.
"I may have lost the opportunity to take my little devil's first time or become his first official
mate, but I am his first lover nonetheless." Selene retorted with a proud expression.
"Asmodeus-sama makes it a point to love and treat us all equally, Selene-san." Irene says
with a saccharine smile. "And even then, I'm still the one who claimed Asmodeus-sama's
virginity."
"Lucky bitch." Sephie spat in envy as she sat on my right side while Erza on my left.
"Girls, behave." I told Irene and Brandish, before looking at Selene. "That means you too,
Selene."
"Party pooper." Selene pouts, which somehow manages to appear both cute and sexy at the
same time!
"Impressive. To be able to command so many powerful women with such ease, let alone a
goddess, is truly remarkable. Jean was right about you." Ororo says, her soft polite tone
clashing with her rising arousal.

"I wouldn't say I'm THAT impressive, at least not compared to you, Ororo." I said while
holding back a blush. Ororo is an exceptional leader, both in the X-Men and in her short time
as Queen of Wakanda, so getting praised from her is like winning a Nobel Prize.
"No need to be so humble, Asmodeus-kun." I turn to Sephie. "Emma-san showed us the
memories of all the experiences your lovers and allies had with you." She continues. "We saw
it all. From your battles against Aldoron, saving the girls from Rusty as well as your
charisma, your magic and combat skills, your knowledge, and your innate ability to turn the
impossible possible!"
I blink at the genuine compliment coming from the alien queen, not expecting her to reveal
all of that. "How do you know about Aldoron?"
"Through the Fairy Tail mages, but mostly from your wives. I really liked how you talked
back to that overgrown bush, it was fun!" Sephie exclaims.
[If she saw those memories, then that means she also saw your fights. Her {Chaotic
End} would allow her to acquire almost every ability or skill she saw, barring certain
exceptions]
"As undeniably impressive as he is in those areas, I know the favorite parts of almost
everyone here were undoubtedly the more intimate parts." Kirio says with a seductive smirk,
causing my eyes to widen at the revelation. "But I would expect nothing less from my future
husband~"
"Easy, Kirio. Rushing won't do you any good." Yoruichi says in amusement, but it quickly
disappears when a dark aura manifests around Kirio as she looks at Yoruichi with a sickly
sweet smile.
"Yoruichi, shut up or I'll kill you." Kirio says, causing Yoruichi to suddenly look away.
[Did Kirio just pull a Mei Terumi?]
'Apparently so. Still, I didn't expect they would see all my experiences with my friends
through their memories, let alone the intimate parts.' I remark as I look at everyone. "Glad I
could impress you all, for what it's worth."
"'Impressed' is an understatement. I think I speak for all of us when I say you truly amazed
us. My daughter and Layla-sama couldn't stop praising you." Grammi remarked. "All of us
wanted to know as much about you as we could."
"I was definitely surprised when you revealed you knew about the X-Men before even
meeting us and that you held such admiration for us. It made me curious about you, but even
your wives and Fairy Tail only knew what they personally experienced with you." Jean says
as she looks at me with curiosity. "We wanted to know about your origins. Like where you
come from and your family."
The question immediately caused my charming smile to become a somber one. My shift in
demeanor is immediately noticed by all the girls.

"Asmodeus-kun, you don't have to tell us if you don't want to." Sariel says in reassurance, but
was surprised when I shook my head.
"No, it's just that it isn't easy to talk about, but you girls deserve to know the truth, especially
when you did this much for me. It's only fair that you know more about me." I say in a
resolute manner as I stare at all of them. "My past isn't a pleasant one. But before I tell you
about it, you should understand more about the world I come from."
The girls tense as I proceed to use [Illusion Magic] to show it in detail.
(AN: KING CRIMSON!)
Upon completing my magical slideshow, the girls had a variety of reactions.
Most were shocked and horrified that their savior/crush had come from such a brutal world.
Some, like Selene, Vados, Marcarita, Chisato, Sariel, Diana, Grail, Raven, and the members
of both the X-Women and the Avengers were disappointed, disgusted, and/or outraged at the
actions and behavior of the Brother Gods. Karen and Divine in particular found the end of the
first age of humanity via magic genocide due to the manipulations of ONE woman to be
despicable, reminding Karen of Krypton's destruction at the hands of Brainiac.
To the natives of this universe, the notion of an eternal conflict between 2 former lovers drew
parallels between Mavis Vermillion and Zeref Dragneel respectively. Both of them building
up a seat of power across the ages while gaining numerous followers, the only difference
being Mavis genuinely cares for her guild and while Ozma does care for the people in his
service, it's clear that he keeps them all at arm's length and keeps them intentionally in the
dark out of fear.
All the mothers present were absolutely outraged when I had showed the first fight between
between Salem and Ozma that resulted in the tragic deaths of their 4 young daughters by their
own mother in cold blood over their perceived 'betrayal' upon seeing Ozma simply trying to
evacuate them from any conflict. They were so young, likely 5-9 years old at best, and their
mother didn't even hesitate to pull the trigger on them. All the mothers gain dark auras
around their bodies that convey their deep disgust/rage.
The X-Women saw the Faunus and their persecution by humanity and felt disgusted by it,
seeing it as no different to the discrimination back on Earth. But that disgust quickly turns to
rage when they see the SDC mines and how the guards physically abuse the Faunus there
with branding being a common "disciplinary" tactic.
It took the combined efforts of both Raven and I to stop Jean from nuking the mountain.
Wendy and Yukino felt sympathy for the Faunus. Carla hissed at the face of Jacques and felt
the need to bust his balls.
Lamy and 21, being scientists, found their animal attributes fascinating and wished to study
them first-hand.

Kyôka, Seilah, and Belial were the least bit phased by the violence though Mammon did shed
some tears when she saw the brands on the children. Goryu was the only one to feel aroused
by the idea of being branded.
The remaining heroines, along with Chun-Li, Cammy, Konomi, Yuko, and Sayo were
intrigued at hearing the notion of Huntsmen and Huntresses. Juri and Grail wanted to fight
them just to see their [Semblances] in action. But this quickly turns to disgust when they
learn of Ozma's indirect manipulation, shaping hopeful children into soldiers for a conflict
they don't know exists and the resulting insurmountable mountain of corpses that Ozma
hides.
"That's…quite a tale, Asmodeus-kun." Cana said as she processed the new information about
Remnant, wishing she had a drink about now.
"I've met gods who were petty, but to just up and destroy their creation like nothing over 1
woman?" Chisato says as a dark expression appears on her face. "Creation, and by extension
life is sacred and should be respected. They do not deserve to be called gods."
"That's putting it mildly, Chisato-san." Vados says as she and her sister shake their heads in
disappointment. While not the worst case of gods that they knew of, the fact that it was
connected with the home world of their newfound master did stir up resentment within them.
"I still can't believe that even in the face of an existential threat, humanity still finds time to
discriminate against those who are different." Jean says in frustration that was shared by her
teammates.
"The conflict with these Grimm and the Huntsman sounds similar to the Hollows and
Shinigami, except in your case, these are actual monsters instead of corrupted souls and your
struggle is greater." Yoruichi noted with a frown, with Kirio nodding in agreement.
"While the concept of Huntsman and Huntresses is truly admirable and noble, the way this
'Ozma' has used them is outrageous." Diana says with a tone of both disappointment and
anger. They sounded like true warriors, yet they were being exploited and sacrificed in a
shadow war without ever learning the truth. "But as shocking as the history of your world is,
I imagine your personal history is even more so."
"No one from Remnant knows true peace, and happiness even less so." I said. "Villages are
wiped out in less than a day by the Grimm, resulting in many children becoming orphaned.
Some regions barely have sufficient Huntsmen to cover, and the further you are from a
kingdom the less likely you will get help. It also doesn't help that bandits scuttle around like
rats and ransack the villages, which also draw Grimm like bees to pollen." I let out a heavy
sigh before continuing. "I was another nameless orphan from a no-named village whose
people despised me because I was the only one with [Silver Eyes]."
"[Silver Eyes]?" Sephie said.
"It's a unique trait on Remnant. The God of Light blessed a few humans with a bit of his
power, giving them an advantage against the creatures of darkness. It's said that anyone born
with those eyes are destined to be great warriors." I explained, drawing the interest of several

girls at the latter point, particularly Kefla, Diana, and Grail. "Ozma and Salem have spent
centuries hunting anyone with these eyes, either to recruit them or simply kill them so the
other can't use them."
"But your eyes aren't silver anymore." Yukino points out.
"Yeah." I told her. "I didn't know my parents or if they were even native to the village. The
residents only saw me as free labor for all the stuff they didn't wanna do." I continued. "For
as long as I could remember, I spent my days collecting trash and human waste while only
given moldy food just to survive. I was ridiculed, used as target practice, and if I got 'lucky',
they would beat me within an inch of my life because they could not stand the sight of my
eyes. I only survived by the skin of my teeth mostly."
This immediately both captivated and horrified everyone present, especially those who were
mothers or had brutal childhoods themselves.
"H-How…" A horrified Rogue tries to say further but the words don't come.
"I honestly don't know. By all accounts I shouldn't be alive, but I guess the villagers thought
the same thing." I said. "I don't know how or why, but a mob of villagers showed up one day
and tried to kill me." This earns a gasp from everyone present, especially my wives. "They
chased me around the village like an animal, using rocks and sharp objects to hurt me,
eventually managing to corner me in some back alley. I thought I was going to die by those
monsters, and for a moment there, I was content to let it all end until," a thin line stretches
upwards in a smile. "... she appeared."
"She?" Jean asked in confusion.
"Summer Rose… my hero." An air of nostalgia surrounds me as I continue. "She was in
Anima on a mission when she crossed paths with my village and discovered what the
villagers were doing. Needless to say, she didn't waste a moment to save me. She took me to
her campsite and nursed me back to full health." A small smile blooms on my face. "She even
went as far as adopting me on the spot and gave me a name: Azule Rose."
"Azule… Rose." Anna tests the name. "It's cute."
Grail rolls her eyes. "I would've just killed them if I were her in that situation."
"She cared for me, showed me compassion for the first time in my life." Memories of the
time Summer and I spent together surface. A small slice of paradise in a merciless world.
"For the few days I spent with her, I was… happy."
"Asmodeus-kun…" Mira murmurs.
"But that didn't last long, did it?" Grail bluntly asks and the wistful atmosphere soon turns
heavy.
"It never does." I said. "Summer planned to put the mission on hold and take me back to her
home with her family. But on our way back, we were ambushed by one of Salem's agents… a

Scorpion Faunus named Tyrian." I bit my lip. "She told me to hide as she fought off the
Grimm he brought, but Tyrian used that chance to poison her and trap her. He pulled out a
jellyfish Grimm from his bag and Salem spoke to Summer directly. Salem tried to persuade
Summer to join her cause, but when she refused, the Grimm crushed her. The trauma and loss
activated my [Silver Eyes] turning the Grimm to stone. Tyrian chased after me and I fell off
the edge of a cliff, but not before the bastard left me an eternal reminder of that day." I trace
the faded scar across my face.
"So that's where that scar came from…" Selene mutters.
"I woke up in a forest, my [Aura] must have awakened while I was falling, otherwise I'd be
dead." I said. "I finally got to experience love and it was swiped away like nothing, all I had
left after that was hatred for the scorpion man and the Grimm woman. I stayed in the forest to
train, my hatred became a beacon for Grimm and I fought them, sometimes barehanded other
times with makeshift weapons, and I kept doing this for years. Surviving on the land and my
hatred." I grimly said, my memories becoming much clearer as I continue. "When I reached
my early teens, I decided to leave my home in the forest and hunt down the scorpion man. On
my journey, I fought off Grimm and criminals alike around the Anima, eventually grabbing
the attention of Haven Headmaster Leonardo Lionheart. He took me in, taught me more
about the world, and eventually sent me to Sanctum Academy, which is a preparatory school
for Huntsmen."
"What happened next?" Raven asked, captivated by the story she was hearing.
"Once I graduated from Sanctum, I attended Haven Academy to fully prepare me for the life
of a Huntsman. It was there that I met my teammates: Zachary Nyx, Lily Lycanos, and
Ultima Lavendra. They became my closest friends and were more like siblings to me, having
unconditionally accepted and supported me as their teammate and leader. They were
sympathetic and understanding of my past, Zachary and Lily having a similar experience due
to both of them being Faunus. For the first time since Summer died, I was happy and felt like
I had something akin to a family, with Leonardo also being like a surrogate uncle in addition
to being a mentor figure." I said with a nostalgic expression.
"…But it didn't last, did it?" Wanda asked, an ominous feeling building in her stomach.
"No, it didn't." I acknowledged as my demeanor became cold. "During my third year at
Haven, my teammates and I had gone on what was seemingly a standard Grimm
extermination mission. But it all went wrong so quickly." I growled. "We were hunted down
by the very bastard who murdered Summer, Tyrian Callows and an associate of his named
Hazel Rainhart, with the former brutally killing my teammates before my eyes while the
latter tried to kill me. And when I wondered how and why they had found and targeted us,
they revealed that Leonardo Lionheart, my trusted mentor and surrogate uncle, was a
cowardly traitor and spy who was working for Salem, having been secretly helping her
slowly kill off Mistral's Huntsman population to weaken the Kingdom as a whole. I tried to
fight back and avenge my teammates, but Hazel broke my neck and left me for dead, though
not before breaking every other bone in my body." I revealed.
This drew a horrified gasp from almost every girl present.

"B-But how are you still alive?" Chun-Li asked as she and her friends processed this.
"I don't know. I was literally on death's door, and my [Aura] was drained." I said. "I wanted
power, power to destroy everyone who hurt me and avenge my friends. Next thing I knew, I
was fully healed but I didn't have any memories and my [Aura] was locked." I snort. "You
could say I was reborn. I don't understand all the details myself, but needless to say, I was
essentially a completely different person, a 'glitch' in the system." I continued. "I knew things
I didn't know before, and powers I shouldn't have; like someone downloaded it directly into
my very being." I said. "I fought monsters and criminals, becoming stronger and gaining
more memories the longer I survived. It all culminated in my fight against a bandit leader
who killed me, but all it did was unlock more power as well as this." A pair of black wings as
black as the midnight sky sprout from my back as well as tribal marks across my body and a
pair of horns on my head.
"Whoa." Even Kefla was caught off guard.
Vados looks puzzled while Marcarita arches a white eyebrow.
"Demonic energy." Raven nearly hissed as she felt a shiver as her own demonic power
reacted in response.
Belial, Minerva, Lamy, Kyôka, Seilah, and Mammon felt aroused as the dark energy passed
through their bodies.
Chisato is awestruck by the sheer level of power he's letting out. 'With that power, he can
easily go toe-to-toe against the Demon Lords.'
Yoruichi grits her teeth, the cold dark [Reiatsu] coming from him made her
shudder. 'This [Reiatsu]... even restrained, it feels like it'll erase me if I get too close.'
Kirio is just as surprised as Yoruichi but for a different reason. 'It's different from
Hell [Reiatsu].'
Sariel's whole body shivers at the dark energy coming from her husband. 'Such dark power…
is this what's inside your heart, Asmodeus-kun?'
"That's hot." Juri said with a blush.
"What power." A husky Grail purrs as she licks her lips.
The rest of girls blush at Asmodeus' devil form, somehow even hotter now than in his normal
form.
Divine licked her lips at seeing my form and feeling my power. 'I was right to side with him.
He definitely has earned the right to be my Master.'
"After that, things just took off from there. I realized that I wasn't really a human anymore
but rather a [Chimera] and I could travel to other universes. I traveled to these different
worlds, collected items and other trinkets before ending up in Earthland, the rest you all
know." I said.

"But what happened after the Halo exploded? Where did you go?" Erza asks.
"I was transported to the Ever After, a mystical realm that the people of Remnant believed
only existed in fairytales. For those of you from Earth, just use 'Alice in Wonderland' as
reference." I said.
"So it is like Alice in Wonderland or it is Alice in Wonderland?" Cammy asked.
"The former but it's even more crazy." I replied. "I wanted to get back to you all or at least let
you know I was okay for the longest time, but the implosion left me weak. My body had
absorbed dangerous amounts of [Negative Chaos Energy] but also my powers had been
sealed away by the realm's creator, weakening me further. But that was only the tip of the
iceberg."
"What other problems were there?" Illya inquires.
"Much like in Earthland, the residents of the Ever After had mutated into monsters thanks to
being exposed to [Negative Chaos Energy]. In fact, the leak was coming from a crack in
space/time right above the world itself and it was so potent that it was changing the world's
ecosystem, sprouting various large crystals from the ground among other things." I said.
"You fought Chaos Monsters too, Asmodeus-sama?" Seilah asked.
"Yup, but it wasn't all bad. I made a reliable companion in the form of a white rabbit and met
my sisters and their friends, albeit different variants." I reveal, shocking some of the girls.
"You met Summer's kids!?" Mira exclaims with glee and I nod.
"Their names are Ruby and Yang. Ruby is almost an exact clone of Summer, with her black
hair fading into red, her round face, and [Silver Eyes]. Yang is taller and more wellendowed than Ruby, with long wild blonde hair and lilac eyes. They're half-sisters. Yang's
mom walked out on her and her dad after she was born. She was actually the bandit leader I
told you about." I explained.
"WHAT!?" All of the mothers scream at the reveal.
"That BITCH!" Grammi and Layla bellow in rage.
"Slut." Ur spat.
"Did this bandit leader have a good reason to abandon her own child? A truly good reason?"
Irene asked coldly. She knew she had no room to talk given her past actions, but at the very
least she was proud of the woman her daughter had become and the family she gained. She
only hopes that she can let her be part of it.
I darkly chuckled. "Not at all. The truth was she was afraid of Salem, just like Leo. But
unlike him, she ran away the first chance she got." I said. "She hid it well, but underneath all
that bravado and strength, she was really a coward who was too scared to deal with the
challenges of the world, including motherhood."

This draws even further resentment from the mothers present.
"Despicable, utterly despicable." Nana spat.
"It's not simply despicable. It's pathetic is what it is." Mikoto says in disgust.
"What kind of mother abandons their own child for such a shitty reason like that,
dattebane?!" Kushina yells, her long red hair rising in response to her anger, splitting into 9
distinct waving locks that resembled tails.
"She doesn't deserve the right to be called a mother." Sephie sneered.
"She should burn in hell." Layla says, with Anna nodding in agreement.
"If I ever meet this so-called mother myself, I won't hesitate to show her the wrath of a
goddess." Selene says with a dark demeanor while clenching her fist.
[Damn, Raven is gonna be so screwed]
'Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.' I quote.
"Justifiable anger for the shitty mom aside, I imagine there is more to this story?" Raven says
with Grail nodding in agreement. Both also found Raven Branwen's behavior as unacceptable
given their own close bonds with their respective mothers, but they wanted to hear more of
the story, especially since it involved their love interest and newly revealed sisters.
"Yeah. The goddess who created and managed the Ever After revealed that her sealing of my
powers was mainly out of fear. She believed that if I used them, it would destabilize it further
and bring it much closer to destruction. Also my arrival in that world was prophesied by her
as well as my meeting with Team RWBY. I was meant to be their mentor and therapist as
they were still reeling over the events that got them there." I said.
"Team RWBY?"
"Remnant has this thing where team names are formed using the first letters of the members'
names. In this case, Ruby Rose, Weiss Schnee, Blake Belladonna and Yang Xiao Long." I
said. "My team was the same. Together, we formed Team AZUL."
"I bet that doesn't get confusing." Dlanor remarks.
"Like you wouldn't believe." I groan before continuing. "Anyways, we journeyed the Ever
After in order to find a way home. We eventually ran into the Curious Cat, who was sort of
the caretaker of the world, that is until we found out the cat had gone mad and was
threatening to go on a destructive rampage across worlds." I said. "We met up with a knight
who turned out to be Ruby's friend who had somehow gone back in time, then he led us to his
village where we met Merlin, Saeko, Rei, Saya, and Alice who were stuck as well."
"WHAT DID YOU SAY!?" A surprised Shizuka exclaims, not expecting me to mention
them.

"Yeah! Saya had the same look when I mentioned you." I chuckled. "It was only a matter of
time before we ran into the Curious Cat again, now completely mutated by the negative
energy but managed to keep his mind mostly intact. We fought but they caught me off guard
and force-fed me a leaf from the Great Tree."
"What's so special about this leaf?" Karen asked.
"In the Ever After there is a process called [Ascension] which is basically a combination of
rebirth and evolution." I replied. "When an individual feels like they have accomplished what
they want in life or are struggling with a personal issue, they have the opportunity to become
something new, typically for the better, though most lose their memories in the process."
"And that happened to you?" Ororo said and I nodded.
"Yeah, though before I could undergo the process, I was trapped inside a dimensional plane
and forced to play a deadly game against a near-omnipotent being known as the 'God of
Games' to decide the fate of the multiverse." I revealed, drawing looks of surprise and awe
from everyone.
[Deadly? It was just a Pokémon battle. It's not Yu-Gi-Oh]
'Hey, Pokémon is a very serious business!' I reasoned.
"You fought an omnipotent god and won!? Damn, not even the X-Men and Avengers fought
multiversal threats back-to-back like that. In fact, they would be impressed." Carol says in
awe.
"Thanks." I said with an appreciative tone. "It was a tough and close battle, especially given
the state I was in, but I was ultimately victorious, after which I
underwent [Ascension, though thankfully I kept all my memories."
"What did it do to you exactly?" Emma asks.
"Well aside from the huge power boost, I'm now a [Transcendant], my eyes now have the
ocular abilities from different universes, I can discern the identity of anything I lay eyes on, I
have a Reality Marble, I have [Autonomous Ultra Instinct], an upgrade to my [Chaos
Mode] along with my other transformations, and so on." I list some of the new abilities the
Tree granted me.
"... are you a god?" Raven finally asks and I shrug.
"Even if I am, I don't feel like one and that's definitely for the best." I said.
"What happened next?" Shizuka asks.
"Afterwards, I escaped the Great Tree and helped the others stop the Mad Cat for good, after
which we parted ways with Peter staying in the Ever After as its new Caretaker, Team
RWBY and their friends return to their version of Remnant. The remaining girls came with
me to my version of Remnant, where we met Amber and Emerald and found

the [Aincrad]." I told them as my expression became more serious. "Though before we left
the Ever After, the goddess had issued me a warning."
"A warning? About what?" Ur asked in confusion.
"When we fought Rusty & Towa, I found it highly suspicious that they had so many people
who were connected to my allies. Such as Sayo and Goryu in regards to the Sagiri Sisters, or
Yoruichi and Kirio in regards to Kisuke, or Cammy, Juri, and even members of both the
Avengers and X-Men in regards to Chun-Li." I say in a serious manner as I look them over.
"Even those of you who aren't explicitly connected to one of my allies didn't seem so
coincidental. The fact that the 2 of them had most, if not, all of you for weeks or months
before I ever summoned anyone made me question if something else was at play, and the
goddess I met confirmed it."
"What did she say?" Sephie asked in concern as she shared a look with the various victims of
the wretched duo who experimented on them.
"That Rusty & Towa were unknowingly just pawns of something else, a much bigger and
more dangerous operation in the shadows." I gravely revealed, drawing shocked expressions
from everyone.
"Are you sure that's the case?" Cana asked in concern.
"I'm afraid so." I replied. "We may have defeated Rusty & Towa, but they were just the
prelude. Whoever is pulling the strings is clearly extremely powerful and has access to
incredible resources to casually use such schemes. I have a feeling that the Genesis Wave and
our role in it was part of their scenario. They wanted to weaken the dimensional boundary
between universes and now who knows how many worlds are running amok." I state to all of
them.
All of the girls remained silent as many looked at each other with frowns or concerned
expressions, but their attention shifted back to me.
"So, that's the story of Azule Asmodeus Rose." I said as I turned to my wives. "I'm sorry I
didn't tell you girls about it sooner. It wasn't that I didn't trust you all, but rather because it
was a very painful topic for me." Only for Erza and Sephie to suddenly embrace me. "!"
"We understand, Asmodeus-kun. Some things are just too hard to talk about." Sephie told
him.
"I know that we can't replace the people you lost, but know we love you and will stand by
your side." Erza adds.
"We understand, Asmodeus, and we honestly don't blame you for not telling us before. But it
means a lot to us that you're telling us now." Diana says, with all of my wives nodding in
agreement.
I smile and wrap my arms around them. "Thank you, all. This really means a lot."

"There is one crucial detail you left out, Asmodeus." Chun-Li chimed. "Whoever
this… entity is… they know us, and by extension, they know you."
My eyes widened. I didn't take that into consideration.
[She does have a point. Whoever they are, they know us and are likely not done with us]
"So what now?" Yukino asks.
I look at Yukino. "Now, you all have a choice to make."
"A choice?" Cammy repeated in confusion.
"Yes. As I mentioned to Chun-Li and Sephie before, finding the EXACT universe and
timeline you each specifically come from is very difficult, like finding a single grain of sand
in the desert, and the modifications done to you are irreversible." I said.
"Yeah. Those angels said they couldn't split us back to Kale and Caulifla thanks to some
chaos bullshit." Kefla grumbles.
[You know, we still have the Omnificence Crystal. Maybe it can fix them]
'Maybe later.' I raise one finger. "The first option is you can stay here in this universe and try
to start a new life for yourselves, assuming you don't already come from this universe
anyways."
"Tempting, but what are the other options?" Illyana asked, wanting to know what other
choices they had.
I raise a second finger. "The second option is that I try to take you back to your respective
universes and timelines." I say before continuing. "I upgraded the [Aincrad's] systems to
make it possible, and before you say anything, you have to understand that this technology is
very theoretical and I haven't tested it yet. Not to mention that many timelines only
have slight changes to each other, so finding an exact match is difficult. Not to mention
there's the time discrepancies due to time flowing differently across different universes,
meaning years or decades or longer can potentially pass by the time we find the right one.
There's also a possibility the Genesis Wave has unintentionally altered its history, meaning it
could be very different from what you all remember. And even if we did find the right ones,
you all can't exactly go back to your old lives or at least not all." I continued. "Between the
power now coursing through you potentially drawing all sorts of unwanted attention towards
you and your loved ones, the possibility of individuals exploiting said loved ones against you,
being ostracized for your power, and the fact that your modifications make each of you
virtually immortal and will likely outlive those around you, it's largely unavoidable."
It was a bitter pill to swallow for many of them, even if to some extent they already knew it.
They couldn't just "go back to normal".
"And the 3rd option?" Sephie asked and I smiled.

"You all come with me." I simply said. "The multiverse is a big, big place but it's more
enjoyable when you have others to travel with you. You'll get to see the most amazing and
impossible things, see new places and try new things. We can also look for whoever or
whatever is pulling the strings from the shadows."
"Will there be danger?" Grail asks.
"One does not learn of the infinite multiverse and all of its infinite wonders and possibilities
without ALSO learning of infinite threats and dangers." I quote the Ancient One. "There's
always a megalomaniac or cosmic threat out there who tries to conquer or destroy something
for the hell of it. We can stop them in their tracks or let them be and move on."
Karen's brows furrowed. "That sounds wrong."
"Ugh." Divine rolls her eyes.
"We can't save everyone, Karen, and even if we did, not everyone will be thankful for it." I
said. "We are not martyrs, at best we are wild cards; people who don't belong there. And I
absolutely REFUSE to let any one of you become some pariah just to please others."
The hot springs grow silent as my words vibrate in the night air and the water ripples around
us. A statement born from experience and loss, no one knew what to say or how to respond.
I sit on the tatami and watch the eternal full moon hanging in the sky like a decoration.
[You think you were too harsh back in the hot springs?]
"No. I told them exactly how I felt." I said. "Ruby tried to save everyone but couldn't stop the
people close to her from dying, reducing her to an emotional wreck who was one step away
from killing herself. EMIYA tried to save everyone only to be betrayed by his ideals and
condemned for death by the same people he saved. And don't get me started on the heroes,
how many innocents would still be alive if villains like the Joker or Thanos or M. Bison were
killed?" I clench my fists. "I don't want them to end up like that, never."
[Those aren't exactly good examples. Shirou was self destructive and with trauma that
Kiritsugu never bothered to check for therapy. M. Bison can transfer his soul and mind
on cloned bodies if he dies, and Thanos is a cosmic anomaly that isn't affected by rules
of destiny and has been vanished from death, meaning that nothing short of unexistence
can put him down. As for the Joker… Well, he's Joker. Enough said]
"I hope they stay…"
[I doubt it. Kushina, Mikoto and Hinata still have their families back in Konoha. Same
with Sephie and Yami. Hibiki's still a Highschool student and Nanoha and Fate are
interdimensional police officers. Overall, everyone has responsibilities that they can't
ignore]

"Did you miss the bit where I said to them it was practically impossible for them to go back
to their old lives for multiple reasons? Heck, them trying to stay will likely cause more harm
than good, even without whatever is pulling the strings from the shadows." I countered.
"Plus, with their max affection and reputation scores for me, they won't want to leave me
either."
[And you said you didn't feel like a god. You certainly have the possessiveness of one]
"You-" But before I can argue, there's a knock on the door. 'We'll finish this discussion later,
Tobi.' "Who is it?"
"It's me, Asmodues." The door slides open revealing Selene.
"Selene…" I said as she walked inside. "What are you doing here?"
"Can't a master check on her student's wellbeing?" Selene coyly asks.
"I don't remember being your student." I fire back. "In fact, you called me 'a break from
boredom' when you started to train me."
"Same thing." Selene shrugs and sits down. "Now, I can tell by looking at you that
something's bothering you. So why not tell me?"
I sighed. "I'm worried about the choice the girls will make. I'm not ignorant of their feelings
for me and it's not exactly one-sided either, but I also know they might want to return to their
homes in an effort to reclaim their old lives or reunite with friends or living family members,
which will only bring them pain and hardship in the end." I look back at the moon in the sky.
"I can't force them to stay, but I don't want them to go. And I don't know what to do."
"You've done everything you can, but the choice is up to them in the end. They might try to
reclaim at least parts of their old lives and stay in contact with any family members they may
have, but they likely knew they couldn't go back to what they previously considered 'normal',
even if they didn't want to admit it." Selene says in a consoling manner that turns into an
amused demeanor. "And I think you're truly underestimating the depths of their feelings for
you. When the girls were undergoing therapy to recover from their trauma, there was one
thing that helped them recover more than anything else."
"And what's that?" I asked, though I had a feeling what the answer was.
"Simple: you. Talking about you in terms of what you were like, what you've done, and even
the naughty memories of you that Emma-san shared with everyone did wonders to help them
recover. And I didn't need to be a telepath like her or Jean-san or Betsy-san to know what the
girls were dreaming about every night either." Selene giggled, causing me to sweatdrop.
"Gee, I'm happy to know my dumbass helped them get over their trauma." I grunt before
Selene closes the distance and kisses me. "!"
"I'm not joking. They really wanted to know more about you. Your presence and strength was
unforgettable. You did something to edge yourself into their hearts." She places her hand on

my bare chest. "And I'm no different."
"Selene…" I returned her kiss.
LEMON START
Selene doesn't waste another moment before wrapping her arms around Asmodeus and pulls
him deeper into the kiss. She moaned into his mouth as she almost lost herself to her primal
urges, his pheromones only making it much harder to think clearly. She feels her pussy
getting wetter at the thought of what will happen next.
I begin to grope and massage one of her clothed breasts while also playfully pinching the
nipple as we continue to make out. Selene continues to moan into his mouth, the stimulation
from being groped is driving her crazy. The scent of her dripping pussy is so strong now that
she may be on the verge of climaxing but before that can happen I pull myself away from
Selene much to her disappointment.
"Why…?" A flushed Selene asks with a look of arousal and longing.
"Because I want to get a good taste from all of you." I undid her belt before swiftly pulling
off her yukata, revealing a body seemingly sculpted by a master artisan. Her skin is ivory
white that gently reflect the moon's light, a face that portrays ageless beauty with silver eyes
that never wax or wane, breasts large and round and soft to the touch with a healthy pair of
pink nipples, an abdomen that shows no trace of fat or sag, and child bearing hips that would
make lesser men worship just for physical contact.
"You are beautiful. Truly beautiful." I kiss her on the neck before making my way down until
I reach her wet bare pussy. I spread her lower lips wide before leaning closer, causing Selene
to jolt from my hot breath as I started to lick her.
Selene moans as she bites her lower lip as he feels her little devil eagerly eat her dripping
pussy like it's his favorite food. "Yes, that's it! Keep going!"
I continue eating her out in a gradual increase in intensity, leaving no corner untouched. This
caused Selene to increasingly moan in a louder and erotic manner that I was sure would have
been heard across her palace if I had not silently placed soundproof spells in my room the
moment we started.
Eventually, however, Selene was reaching her limit.
"Asmodeus, I'm cumming!" Selene squeals as she grabs Asmodeus by the head and pulls him
close as she climaxes.
The release of fluids from her orgasm caused some to reach my face, which I curiously took a
taste of.
"Damn, you taste so good." I told Selene as she was slowly regaining her bearings from the
overwhelming pleasure she just experienced.

"You are so skillful with your tongue, my little devil. If I knew you had such a skill, I would
have taken your virginity before you left." Says Selene between labored breaths, her eyes
reflecting the eagerness for her lover's next move.
"Hey, you're the one who blue-balled me. I'm almost tempted to return the favor and see how
you like it." I say in an amused manner. "But we're just getting started~"
I push her down to the floor as my now unveiled cock is touching the goddess' sacred
entrance.
"God I've wanted to do this for so long." I growled as I stared directly at Selene's beautiful
eyes, feeling the last of my inhibitions fading away.
Selene saw her devil barely holding back his desires and knew exactly what to say next.
"Do it, darling. Fuck me." Pleads Selene.
And just like that, the dam broke.
I push my cock into my moon goddess' soaking wet pussy. Selene moans loudly as she feels
her lover's cock sink into her love tunnel inch by inch. I couldn't believe how wet, warm and
tight her pussy was. I start to pull back my cock out of her tight pussy before slamming it
back in. Selene practically squirms in pure ecstasy as I grind my cock on her cervix with
every thrust.
"Damn…!" I grunt at her tightness but smile nonetheless.
"DON'T STOP! DON'T YOU DARE FUCKNIG STOP!" Yells Selene as she cums around
her lover's cock. It's been over 400 years since she last had a mate and even then she never
felt THIS good!
"Who knew beneath the facade of the composed and mischievous Dragon Goddess is a horny
bitch eagerly begging to be dominated and claimed." I said in amusement as I continued to
pound her, always enjoying how eager and slutty the girls become after getting a taste.
"YES! I'M YOUR HORNY BITCH! I LOVE BEING YOUR HORNY BITCH!" Selene
squeals, the verbal degradation only exciting and arousing her further.
"That's right, and don't you ever forget it." I say as I grab one of her breasts. "Who do you
belong to?"
"I BELONG TO YOU AND YOU ALONE! YOU CAN FUCK ME WHENEVER YOU
WANT!" Selene yells as I pick up the pace. With the amount of force Selene's pussy was
squeezing my cock, I was quickly reaching my limit.
"Shit Selene, I'm at my limit." I groan as I increase my speed.
"YES! CUM INSIDE ME! FILL ME UP WITH YOUR CUM!" Howls Selene as she wraps
her legs around his waist. She did not want him to go anywhere, she needed his cum deep in
her pussy.

"Here it comes! Take it, you slut of a goddess! Take every drop!" With that yell, we both
climax.
I fill her womb white with spunk, with Selene climaxing again at the same time, our fluids
mixing together. The experience ended up knocking Selene out cold from sexual overload,
her lying down with a slutty ahegao expression etched into her face.
Level Up!
I pulled out of her pussy, not the least bit tired and my cock still hard as steel, which wasn't
surprising given the benefits of [Sex God] and the other perks I got recently.
"So full…" Selene moans in between breaths, a small puddle of white forming on the tatami.
LEMON END
"Word of advice, Selene: if you want to have sex with me more in the future, you're gonna
want to invite at least one other girl to join you. There's a reason it's an unofficial rule in my
harem." I told her, assuming she could even process what I was saying given her current
state.
"Well, lucky for her and more importantly for you, she isn't alone this time, darling~" A
familiar voice draws my attention, and before I know it, Emma, Grail, Divine, and Juri
teleport into my room.
Divine and Juri were practically drooling at the sight of my hard, cum-covered cock, while
Emma simply licked her lips in anticipation.
"How did you four get in?" I asked in curiosity.
"Easily. Selene's wards only work on intruders trying to break in from the outside; they do
nothing to known guests." Emma smugly states.
"We all decided on who was going first, but then this cow decided to ghost everyone so she
can have you all to herself. Even went as far as to sic her dogs on us just to slow us down."
Juri says while side-glancing at the downed Selene.
"But before the others get here, let's enjoy ourselves." The 4 of them quickly strip out of their
clothing, proudly showing off their extremely curvy, well-endowed, and alluring naked
bodies.
"Like what you see, Asmodeus~" Emma teased, massaging her pale KK-Cup breasts in front
of him. "Don't worry, I'll let you taste them soon enough~"
"I'm going to rock your world, little man~" Grail sensually whispers.
"I'm gonna show you why I'm better than that white bitch." Juri slaps her ass making it jiggle.
[Damn, these four want it bad. You really are a lucky bastard]

"Don't hold back on us, Master." Divine says and the four jump in.
Outside, Kiria and Misaki can hear the sounds of moaning and flesh colliding against flesh,
masturbating as the mystery boy continues to have sex.
"Damn… they must be having the time of their lives in there." Kiria bits her lower lip. "Can't
say I'm not jealous."
"Mm!" Misaki barely holds back her moans.
"We're lucky that Lady Selene told us she'd try to convince Asmodeus-sama to take us both
as lovers." Kiria says in a husky voice as she continues to masturbate. The 2 of them, like all
members of Diabolos, were aware that Asmodeus was the primary person responsible for
their rescue and defeating the people who experimented on them.
And much like everyone, the two got to see the memories related to Asmodeus and needless
to say, both were instantly fascinated by him which quickly turned into a crush.
Though Selene told them to wait till after the party was over, but surprisingly promised to
speak to Asmodeus on their behalf.
"Joining Lady Selene over that old pervert was definitely the wisest choice. I want
Asmodeus-sama so badly~" The normally composed Misaki erotically moaned. Their dragon
instincts tell them that Asmodeus was the ideal mate, making it hard to control themselves.
Kiria nodded in agreement as they continued to masturbate at the erotic sounds coming from
the room.
Needless to say, it was going to be a great night for everybody.
Author Notes
And done. No action for this chapter; just lots of talking and stuff. Not a real detour chapter
but it's definitely a "pause" to the story. Raven, Grail, and Kermit were a sporadic idea I had
while watching some DevilArtemis videos. Omega/O'Malley is my favorite character in Red
vs Blue, he's loud, he's funny, and is the definition of someone who's smart but also very,
VERY dumb.
If you guys don't like this chapter, then you can go ahead and skip it or read something else.
It's been a long day and I am very tired.
Peace~

Chapter 41: Fairy Tail: Growth
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
I groan as I slowly open my eyes and feel a weight on my chest and arms. I glance down and
find a sleeping and a surprisingly very naked Hakune on my chest before glancing to my
sides and see Mira sleeping on my right and Erza on my left.
'What happened…?' I try to remember the events of last night (though it's technically not
morning either since the moon here never sets) and remember that while having a foursome
with Emma, Juri, Grail, and Divine, the other girls burst in from the wall and things started to
blur between the biting and the titjobs.
I also recall that there was a lot of drinking involved in the orgy and the strong stench of
alcohol confirms it.
I sigh and look at Hakune's beautiful sleeping face. 'On the bright side, I got to break the ice
of a snow angel.' This made me realize something. 'Now that I think about it. Where did Mimi
go? I remember her being at the party, but then she disappeared. I haven't seen Torafuzar
anywhere since I arrived either.'
[I wouldn't be surprised if the two actually hooked up. The two'd make a perfect
couple]
'Since when are you a match-maker?' I asked.
"Mm…" I look left and see Erza stirring awake. "Good morning…"
"Good evening." I corrected her. "Did you have a nice sleep?"
"Mm, yesh…" Moaned Erza as she slowly gets up. She looks around the room and sees
everyone passed out as well as the bundle of empty bottles rolling about. "We… really went
crazy, didn't we…?"

"Yeah…" I agreed. "Do you remember what happened…?"
"Not really." Erza stretches, causing her large breasts to jiggle. "I remember there being a lot
of screaming, can't be sure if it was from anger or pleasure. Wendy joined later, after drinking
Selene's special sake. The rest is all a blur."
"Wendy's here!?" I pale at the idea of me screwing a kid.
[I can hear the FBI choppers coming]
Erza notices my expression. "Worry not. As a mage, she is considered an adult in the eyes of
the Magic Council." She proudly smiles. "Besides, I personally explained to her the ways of
a man and a woman."
'Somehow, that makes it even worse.' I imagined a blushing Wendy reading an erotic novel
with Erza happily explaining the erotic stuff in detail while wearing a teacher's outfit with a
tight-ass pencil skirt.
[It reminds you of the shinobi in Naruto, how once kids graduate and become Genin
they are no longer civilians but soldiers to their village and by extension full adults in
the system's eyes]
I slowly slide my arm off Mira before taking both arms and gently slide Hakune off my body,
only to reveal a healthy morning wood surprising the redhead.
"Even after all that thrusting and pounding you're still raring to go?" A curious but enamored
Erza asks.
"What can I say? You girls get me going." I quipped, trying to distract myself from the
dilemma.
LIME START
"Then let me… calm you down." Erza gently pumps my shaft before ensnaring it between her
large tits. She starts to move them up and down in a rhythmic motion while eagerly sucking
the head.
"Fuck…!" I groan at Erza's vacuum-style sucking.
Erza moaned around her lover's cock, the taste of his thick long length combined with the
body juices of the other girls made her even more aroused. Despite the events of last night,
she found that her libido had not once diminished and she can feel the rising heat and wetness
between her thighs. She continues to eagerly deepthroat his cock while smothering it between
her massive tits, watching her hero hold back his moans in order to not disturb the others,
except she wants them to awaken so they can look as she services their man.
Their looks of envy and jealousy sent Erza over the edge and quickly cums, her juices
spraying all over Juri's face who moans at the little shower. Despite cumming so hard, Erza
continued to suck Asmodeus' cock almost as if it was automatic for her. With Erza's wild
moans of orgasm vibrating his cock, Asmodeus was soon at his own limit.

"Here it comes…!" Erza doesn't have time to react as Asmodeus grabs her head and pulls her
all the way to the base of his shaft as he dumps his huge load into her mouth. Her eyes roll
back as the hot white spunk travels down her esophagus and directly into her stomach
causing it to expand and bulge making her look pregnant while she orgasms for a 2nd time.
LIME END
As soon as my orgasm ends, I slowly push Erza off my length which is followed by a loud
pop. Erza took a deep breath once her mouth was freed from his massive cock.
I look down at Erza's lewd look and smile. "Like mother, like daughter."
"I second that." The two of us freeze and quickly turn to a smiling Mira. "Good morning, you
two. I guess this means Erza doesn't need breakfast today~"
"M-Mira." I said and she cutely puffed her cheeks.
"You couldn't at least wake me up? I also wanted a creamy breakfast too, you meanies." Mira
huffed.
[What a slut, but we like her that way~]
Soon, groans fill the room as everyone slowly stirs awake.
"Fuck… what happened?" Belial grumbles.
"My head hurts…" Moaned Yami.
Kagura stretches and scratches her head. "Mou… I feel sore all over."
"What the hell is this shit on my face!?" An angry Juri yelled.
[Oh boy]
Later
Everyone sat comfortably in the dining area, each of us eating a different dish based on what
we liked. For instance, I have a plate with over 40 chocolate-chip pancakes towering before
me while Erza was eating cinnamon french toast with biscuits, sausage and scrambled eggs…
and a strawberry shortcake.
[She just gotta have her fix no matter the time of day]
"So, what're your plans, Asmodeus-kun?" Kirio asks.
"Well first I'm going back to Earthland. I want to investigate the 'crack' Omega was talking
about." I stab a pancake and quickly eat it. "Then, I'm going to pick up Athena and Métis
from Guiltina, visit Tenrou Island, and finally fight Natsu."
18 stops eating and looks at me.

"Why do you wanna visit Tenrou Island?" 21 asks.
"I just wanna check on 17, that's all." I replied.
"And Natsu?" Anna asks.
"Because I promised that I'd fight him after that whole mess with Rusty was over." I said
before adding. "Plus, I wanna know just how far Natsu's grown under our Angels' guidance."
"Oh, you'll be in for quite the surprise, darling." Vados giggles.
"So…" I began. "Have any of you made your choice yet?"
This freezes everyone in the room as if someone had pressed the pause button.
"No…" Yami meekly admits.
"I haven't given it a lot of thought considering, you know…" Nana doesn't finish but
everyone knows what she means.
"I understand." I play with my fork. "It's not an easy choice, and I don't wanna seem like I'm
in a rush or anything."
"Can you give us until tomorrow? I think I'll be ready then." Nanoha said and I nodded.
"Sure. And like I said I have stuff to do so I'll be here for a while." I said.
With that, everyone returns to their breakfast although the atmosphere is a bit more solemn
now.
I teleport into a forest and start to look around.
"This should be where Omega found Raven and Grail." I said.
[The Chaos Energy here isn't as dense as in the Ever After, but it's still too dangerous to
be left alone]
I turn on my [Sonic Screwdriver] and scan my surroundings. "No Chaos Monsters detected.
Good." I walk further into the dense forest. Eventually, the sonic starts to go off and it points
towards a bizarre rock formation. "This must be it."
*PING!*
I jump back as arrows of light pierce the ground I was standing before exploding.
I look up to see a figure standing on top of the rock formation. It was a creature with a body
made entirely of stone. It has no legs and only arms with MASSIVE biceps with colorful
crystals protruding from the shoulders and has a large halo above its head seemingly held in
place by two smaller crystals on opposite ends.

Crystal Golem
Level: 677
HP: 329,677
MP: 386,342
SP: 301,412
AP: 0
Thoughts: n/a
[It appears that the {Chaos Energy} brought these stones to life and now acts as the
Crack's guardian. Very interesting]
The golem's halo lights up and it fires light arrows straight towards me, but I dodge it with
ease.
I activate [Absolute Psionic] and the golem freezes in place before immediately contorting
and compressing until it becomes nothing but a small pebble.
You have defeated Crystal Golem! You have gained 10,500,123 EXP! You have earned
12,008,072 Credits!
30% Increase by [EXP Necklace]
Calculating new value…
You gained 13,650,160 EXP!
Level Up!(x32)
Skill Level Up!
[Absolute Psionic LVL. 3/100]
The pebble falls from the top and rolls down until it stops near my feet.
[This Chaos Monster was stronger than the ones in the Ever After, but they are easy
prey under the might of your Skill]
With the guardian gone, I investigate the rock formation and finally find the Crack; small and
wedged into the rock.
"How did the Doctor close the Crack again? I think he had to open it all the way and force it
to invert on itself." I said.
[Or it could widen the breach, causing even larger quantities of {Chaos Energy} to leak
out, among other things. Or it could turn into a black hole and swallow this reality]

"I'm sure everything's gonna be fine." I point my Sonic at the Crack.
[Why are you using this method? Why not just manipulate the negative energy like in
the Ever After?]
"Eh. Don't feel like it." I activate the Sonic and it has an immediate reaction. It widens,
revealing an absolute whiteness before it promptly closes, then disappears. "Well, that was
anticlimactic."
[…When you put it like that, you are just asking for Murphy's Law to go apeshit on
you]
*PING!*
The earth shakes and something MASSIVE bursts from the ground before me: a giant
centipede-like monstrosity with human arms and insect-like eyes.
Dragonoid Centipede
Level: 1,078
HP: 452,789,190
MP: 412,411,000
SP: 431,576,095
AP: 0
Thoughts: Prey
"HOW THE LIVING FUCK IS THAT THING A DRAGON!?" I yelled.
[Told you]
The centipede roars and launches itself towards its target, leveling the surrounding forest
area.
I fly above the monster as it slowly raises its body upwards before its eyes focus straight at
me.
I summon [Sparda] and dive towards the monster, meanwhile the centipede fires a beam of
corrupted Ethernano, but I slash it in half with my blade.
"Goodbye!" I strike down only for the blade to bounce off its exoskeleton. "What!?" I
narrowly dodge an incoming poison claws as I make some distance.
[Its exoskeleton has been heavily reinforced. Your current weapon won't be able to
make a dent to it]

"Then I guess I'll try something new." A purple aura surrounds my body as I call upon
my [Power of Destruction] before transferring it into [Sparda's] blade gaining a dark purple
hue.
I strike one of the monster's legs and, sure enough, the massive appendage falls to the ground
with a loud thud before it turns to dust.
The monster roars and fires more shots but I simply zig-zag at the continuous fire as I fly
closer before running the sword right in the middle of its forehead. The result is instant as its
entire body turns grey before collapsing under its own weight.
You have killed the Dragonoid Centipede! You have gained 19,321,444 EXP! You have
earned 20,121,312 Credits!
30% Increase by [EXP Neckacle]
Calculating new value…
You gained 25,117,877 EXP!
Level Up(x56)
[Channeling {Destruction Ki} into the devil sword for an insta-kill was clever, albeit a
bit lazy]
"Meh." I didn't really care if it was lazy. [Destruction Ki] isn't about flashiness but
efficiency. It destroys the target and nothing else. "I just wasn't in the mood for flashy stuff
right now."
[You're saving the big guns for Natsu aren't you]
"Maybe." I place two fingers on my forehead. "Next stop: Guiltina."
I [Instant Transmissioned] to my next destination.
Fairy Tail
"!" Saya suddenly whips her head to the right, drawing curious looks from her friend group.
"What's wrong?" Saeko asks.
"I thought I sensed something." Saya said.
"What's it like?" Rei asks.
"Old. Restrained, dark… and familiar." Saya elaborates. However, she fails to register the
rising hatred growing within her.
In the deepest depths of Saya's soul, a pair of beady red eyes snap open. "Sparda…"

I teleport in front of the guild building for Magia Dragon, which now looks brand spanking
new instead of its prior decrepit state.
"Guess Elefseria is stepping up as a guild master with his new recruits after who knows how
long, though I wouldn't be surprised if it was actually Athena and Metis who fixed this place
up given their prowess in [Alchemy]." I said as I looked at the building.
[Between all of the 5 Dragon Gods either being dead or not a threat to humanity, Rusty
& Towa being stopped from reshaping the Fairy Tail Universe into either the {Ultimate
Magic World} that Magia Dragon tried to stop years ago or Towa's 'demon paradise',
and his recruitment of new members that he wouldn't outlive, even someone like
Elefseria would need to step up and move on instead of dwelling on the past]
"True, and I'm guessing that Athena and Métis played a role in Elefseria's decision given their
connection to him." I said. "In any case, we haven't seen Athena and Métis since we got back,
and I'm admittedly curious as to how the former members of Diabolos are adapting after the
modifications they went through." A part of me was surprised that Athena and Métis didn't
help Cell through his apparent depression (even if he did have Kermit supporting him in his
own way), and I was wondering how the 'sisters' were doing.
As for most of the former members of Diabolos, I was honestly surprised to hear that they
joined Magia Dragon, but the more I thought about it, the more I could understand why.
Unlike in canon, Georg had betrayed them all by allowing Rusty & Towa to brutally
experiment on them instead of being killed by Selene, and Selene made it clear she intended
to join me rather than becoming guild master of Diabolos. And while they could have
technically joined Fairy Tail as they reformed, Elefseria recruiting them into Magia Dragon
was one of the few viable alternatives, giving both the former Dragon Eaters a means of
atoning for their former actions while Elefseria could atone for his sense of guilt for initially
hiring Georg to complete the 100-Year Quest. Not to mention as someone who
underwent [Dragonization, he was one of the few who could help them adjust to their new
hybrid status and could be with them indefinitely given their virtual immortality from both
being part Dragon and from the other modifications.
Plus, I did admittedly find it a little odd that Elefseria never continued to recruit new
members into his guild and eventually left only himself as its sole member in canon.
As I approached the door, it suddenly opened to reveal a young boy around Wendy's age in an
outfit that resembled a white tiger.
"Hi there!" The boy cheerfully greets, before turning back inside. "Hey guys, we got a
visitor!"
I took a look at the boy in front of me.
Name: Haku
Title: The White Tiger Dragon
Alignment: Neutral Good

Affiliation: Diabolos (former), Magia Dragon
Race: Human-Dragon-Saiyan Hybrid
Level: 759
HP: 65,201,221
MP: 68,101,320
SP: 72,090,544
AP: 0
Background: A talented young magic prodigy who aspired to rise to greatness, Haku
was an orphan who heard tales of Diabolos growing up and its status as the strongest
Magic Guild in Guiltina and one that was even willing to take on the 5 Dragon Gods of
Guiltina while offering the power of the Lost Magic: [Dragon Slayer Magic]. He strived
and ultimately succeeded in being recruited into their ranks. Despite his young age,
Haku was ultimately able to gain some respect among his peers and keep up with them,
even being one of the 4 members of the [Dark Dragon Slayer Knights, which was
Diabolos' most elite team of mages. Unfortunately, things would take a dark turn when
his guild master had made a deal with Rustyrose that resulted in him and his
guildmates being brutally experimented on before being rescued by members of Fairy
Tail. Wishing to take a new path as he and his guildmates adjusted to their changes,
Haku is now a proud member of Magia Dragon and ally of Fairy Tail.
Strength: A talented prodigy even before being experimented on, Haku specialized in
[Sewing Dragon Slayer Magic] that makes him capable of transforming people and
monsters into plush dolls that are still capable of movement, speech, and utilizing their
magic, along with also being capable of producing yarn that is not cuttable and is able
to restrain and attack his target. After being experimented on and turned into a
Dragon-Saiyan hybrid, Haku's talent and prowess in Magic was infinitely higher than
ever before with the same extending to [Ki, along with gaining access to [Chaos Energy]
that only further enhanced his potential and the benefits of both Dragons and Saiyans.
Has made great strides in mastering his newfound capabilities under the guidance of
Elefseria, Vados, and Marcarita.
Weakness: While not being inherently vulnerable to [Dragon Slayer Magic] as an
intentional benefit of his modifications, Haku's physical and mystical resilience do not
make him fully invulnerable and can be overcome through overwhelming might or
versatile effects. And while he and his guildmates had largely recovered from the
experience of being experimented on after being examined by Kisuke Urahara and his
medical colleagues along with receiving occasional therapy from Jean Grey and Emma
Frost, the betrayal of Georg Raizen and trauma from the brutal experience has left
psychological scars on Haku and his guildmates, even if he tries to not show it.
Personal thoughts: This guy looks interesting, and there's something peculiar about his
scent and power. There's human, but also Dragon, Saiyan, Demon, Angel, and

something else. I hope he's nice.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Sewing Dragon Slayer Magic, Hyperspeed, Saiyan physiology, Dragon
physiology, Ki Manipulation
Ultimate Skill: n/a
"Hi." I smiled at the boy. "Is your master in? I'd like to see him."
Haku nods and lets me inside. Compared to the guild hall in the manga and anime, the hall
has been revamped, modernized to keep up with the times. Though the exterior kept its own
look likely out of nostalgia for the guild master.
"Asmodeus-kun!" I turn to see Athena approaching and quickly embracing me in a tight hug.
"Thank goodness you're okay! We were so worried when the Halo imploded!"
"I'm sorry for worrying you, Athena, but the circumstances at the time didn't give me much
choice. But I am glad to see you too." I say with a reassuring smile as I reciprocated her hug.
I looked up from Athena's shoulder at the sound of footsteps to see Métis approaching, who
initially had a more calm expression that quickly shifted into a flustered one upon making
eye contact with me before looking away with a blush.
[It seems little Métis has come a long way since we last saw her. She seems less stoic than
before]
'Yeah, and what a cute reaction she's showing.' I remark.
"Hello… father." Métis murmurs.
I blink. "...Eh?"
[Where did that come from?]
"D-Did I say something wrong!? I-I did not mean to offend you!" Métis squeaked.
"No, it's just… Why did you call me father?"
Métis tilts her head, confused. "Aren't you? You built me. You gave me life and power. What
else would you be if not my father?"
[Well, she's not exactly wrong in a way]
"Well, it's still good to see you up and about, and more human to boot." I said and pet her.
Métis blushes again.

[She's like a child, starved for love and praise. It's gonna be a little weird when you
decide to bed her]
"Métis." The two of us turn our gaze to Athena. "While it is true that Asmodeus-kun was
responsible for your new body and soul, you have to remember that you were originally
based on my design, which means that Duke-sama is your real father."
[Is she referring to the original Duke or the form Viernes took? I'm a bit confused]
"I know but… we both know he's not around anymore." Métis counters.
Athena lets out a soft sigh before turning his attention back to me. "Anyways, much has
changed in Guiltina since you were here. Magia Dragon is now back as an active legal guild
and slowly rising up the ranks. Métis and I restored the guild building to full functionality,
but Elefseria-sama wanted to keep the exterior the same out of nostalgia, so we left it as is."
[At least Elefseria didn't turn it into a brothel. Something that I bet would send him
over to the moon]
"I can see that, and you guys clearly did a great job. It would be a waste for the first Magic
Guild in history to completely fade into obscurity or be disbanded due to the [100-Year
Quest] now being moot." I complimented them. "I'm guessing you played a role in
convincing Elefseria in recruiting the former members of Diabolos and making Magia
Dragon an active Legal Guild again?"
"Elefseria-sama did feel some guilt given that Georg Raizen had established Diabolos to
complete the [100-Year Quest] despite violating the contract, though I also helped in
pointing out that they could use some guidance and to not let his guild's legacy fade away."
Athena explained while looking at Haku, who flinched at the mention of Georg.
[The description from your {Appraisal} was right. The brutal experience definitely left
psychological scars on the former Dragon Eaters]
"So you are Asmodeus-dono. We've heard a lot about you from Elefseria-sama and the mages
of Fairy Tail." My attention shifted to a tall man with a serious expression, unique eyebrows,
long earlobes, and cornrows-styled hair that is tied back into a ponytail by a clasp, whose
attire was a full set of armor. "I am Madmole, former member of Diabolos and proud member
of Magia Dragon."
Name: Madmole
Title: The Armor Dragon
Alignment: Neutral Good
Affiliation: Diabolos (former), Magia Dragon
Race: Human-Dragon-Saiyan Hybrid
Level: 740

HP: 70,020,191
MP: 65,343,673
SP: 80,001,901
AP: 0
Background: Born into a family of soldiers, Madmole was trained from childhood in the
ways of being a warrior in service to others, often catching people off-guard by how
polite and smart he could be despite his large size and immense strength. Wanting to be
more than a simple knight and secretly being a magic prodigy due to his late mother
being a gifted mage, Madmole had joined the infamous guild Diabolos in the hopes of
honing both his physical and magical prowess, specializing in [Armor Dragon Slayer
Magic] upon acquiring it. Preferring to support his comrades and honing his strength
through training rather than hunting and eating Dragons, Madmole was a dependable
ally for his guildmates but was often looked down upon by Georg Raizen.
Unfortunately, both his life and those of his guildmates would take a dark turn due to
Georg betraying them after making a deal with Rustyrose that resulted in all of them
undergoing brutal experiments that altered them into Dragon-Saiyan hybrids. After
being defeated and rescued by Fairy Tail and subsequently having their conditions
stabilized, Madmole and his guildmates had a change of heart and sought to take a
better path, joining Magia Dragon and becoming allies of Fairy Tail.
Strength: Naturally above average in size and strength that was further honed through
years of combat training as a warrior, Madmole's physical capabilities grew
exponentially upon specializing in [Armor Dragon Slayer Magic, allowing him to
augment his body to be durable enough to receive any attack without pain and
significantly boosting his strength, density, and weight, along with manifesting an
armor-like substance that can be used in all manner of practical applications. After
being altered into a Dragon-Saiyan hybrid, his physical and magical capabilities
skyrocketed to unprecedented heights and gained the benefits of both races, which were
further enhanced by the other modifications received from Rustyrose and the [Chaos
Energy] coursing through him. Having received additional training from Elefseria to
further hone his magic and adjusting to his dragon physiology while also receiving
training from Vados and Marcarita in martial arts and [Ki, Madmole is on the path to
being a potential juggernaut.
Weakness: Despite his incredible strength and resilience on a physical and magical level
and the combination of the Saiyan race's benefits with [Chaos Energy] allowing him to
quickly close the gap against most opponents, Madmole's capabilities are not absolute
and can be overwhelmed by an individual of significantly higher power if they act
quickly enough. His capabilities also don't offer any protection from spiritual or mental
attacks of any kind. And the brutal experiments he endured from Rustyrose has left
psychological scars on Madmole, even if they have mostly healed thanks to the therapy
sessions from Jean Grey and Emma Frost.
Personal thoughts: He's the one who stopped Rustyrose and our former master. Even
this close I can't sense an end to his power. Both my Dragon and Saiyan instincts are

telling me he is vastly superior and that there is more to him than meets the eye.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Armor Dragon Slayer Magic, Saiyan physiology, Dragon physiology, Ki
Manipulation, Physical Immunity
Ultimate Skill: n/a
'What kind of name is Madmole?' But before I say anything, another person joins the group.
"And I am Suzaku, Asmodeus-dono. Also a former member of Diabolos and now a proud
member of Magia Dragon." Another male voice said, and I turned to see a young man in a
black kimono with what appears like bird wings designed on the sleeves and tail feathers on
the bottom, with long red hair that he has tied into the back using a white hair tie, in addition
to having bangs in front of his forehead and the sides of his head and also had long eyelashes.
Name: Suzaku
Title: The Vermilion Dragon, Sword Saint
Alignment: Neutral Good
Affiliation: Diabolos (former), Magia Dragon
Race: Human-Dragon-Saiyan Hybrid
Level: 770
HP: 78,634,215
MP: 77,654,081
SP: 78,901,474
AP: 0
Background: Born from a famous swordsman for a father and a powerful mage for a
mother, Suzaku wanted to live up to both of his parents' legacies and be the best of both
worlds. Training rigorously in swordsmanship under his father and gaining a grasp of
sword-based magic with his mother's guidance, Suzaku would later join the infamous
guild Diabolos and gain the power of [Sword Saint Dragon Slayer Magic] after Georg
Raizen killed Kurnugi. Choosing to honor the late Sword Saint Dragon by naming his
magic-based swordsmanship after Kurnugi, Suzaku would focus more on honing his
strength through training and quickly rose to join the guild's elite mage team, the [Dark
Dragon Slayer Knights, even in the face of Georg's disapproval of preferring training
over eating dragons for strength. After the brutal experiments of Rustyrose that
changed him into a Dragon-Saiyan hybrid and being rescued by Fairy Tail, Suzaku

swore to better uphold the virtues of honor instilled into him by his father upon taking a
new path as a mage of Magia Dragon.
Strength: A master swordsman and gifted mage even before joining Diabolos, Suzaku's
potential would further blossom upon acquiring [Sword Saint Dragon Slayer Magic,
granting him devastating offensive capabilities that made him a dangerous adversary
against virtually any foe and could even cut through magic spells. After being turned
into a Dragon-Saiyan hybrid and gaining access to [Chaos Energy, Suzaku's potential
grew to new heights and was continuously refined with Elefseria's help and receiving
additional training in martial arts and [Ki] from Vados and Marcarita.
Weakness: Despite his physical capabilities being significantly greater than before due
to becoming a Dragon-Saiyan hybrid and the other modifications he received, Suzaku's
endurance is lower than his raw power and speed, making him vulnerable if a
sufficiently powerful foe manages to land several powerful hits before he can dodge or
fully recover. And while Suzaku has significantly improved in unarmed combat and his
training in [Ki] allowing for greater long-range capabilities thanks to Vados and
Marcarita, Suzaku is left significantly more vulnerable if he does not have a sword to
channel his power through
Personal thoughts: So this is the great Asmodeus-dono. We truly owe a debt to him for
his role in saving us and stopping our old guild master and that wretched Rustyrose. I
must make sure to give him proper respect, or Vados-sensei and Marcarita-sensei will
be displeased for not honoring their master.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Sword Saint Dragon Slayer Magic, Saiyan physiology, Dragon physiology,
Ki Manipulation, World Breaker
Ultimate Skill: n/a
"It's a pleasure to meet both of you, along with little Haku here." I say while petting Haku,
who enjoys the affection greatly.
"The honor is all ours, Asmodeus-dono. Were it not for you, we would still be enslaved to our
former guildmaster and Rustyrose's twisted vision would have been unleashed on Earthland
and beyond." Madmole says in a grateful manner, with Suzaku nodding in agreement.
"Yeah, no kidding! According to master Elefseria and the mages from Fairy Tail, you're this
super-amazing person who can do the impossible! Wendy-chan couldn't stop praising you!"
Haku eagerly added.
[Can't help but feel a little bad for Haku. Didn't he have a crush on Wendy in canon?
Imagine his reaction when he learns she has a thing for you]

'You don't need to remind me.' I replied while thinking of Wendy. Even with the different
social standards of Earthland and me being pretty flexible (albeit with some reluctance in this
case), last night's events were something that I was still adjusting to, since I normally
preferred girls at least 15 or older.
"Our other guildmates are unfortunately not present at the moment, as the situation with SSrank quests in relation to Demons, Dragons, and Chaos Monsters has kept us rather busy
when we aren't training under Vados-sensei and Marcarita-sensei." Suzaku explained with a
sigh. "But if they were here, they would also be expressing their gratitude to you, Asmodeusdono."
"I see." I nod. "They're both great teachers. Hopefully, they helped you plenty."
"They sure did! And Marcarita-sensei gave me candy!" Haku cheerfully adds.
[Likely because she found him cute]
"Anyways, I came here to pick up Athena and Métis." I revealed.
Métis tilts her head. "Why?"
"Because I want you to come with me on an adventure of lifetimes." I said before adding.
"But if you'd like to stay… I understand."
Métis sputters. "Nononono! Please let me come with you! I wanna go on adventures with
you!"
I almost laughed. "That's my girl."
Métis squeaks at being called his girl.
Athena giggles. "You spoil her, Asmodeus-sama."
I shrugged. "I gave her a choice and she took it. I wouldn't have held it against her if she
chose to stay due to anything she grew fond of on Earthland, but she still wants to come
anyway."
"Hmph, there you go. Charming ladies like nothing." A familiar voice scoffed, and I turned to
see Elefseria walking towards us. "Good to see you again, brat."
"So you're still alive, huh old man?" I reply in amusement. "And here I figured you'd be dead
after that stunt you pulled with the girls."
"Hmph. Sorry to disappoint you, but this old body still has a few more centuries left in him."
A miffed Elefseria said.
"Still, I can't deny the outcome." My eyes wandered at the guild hall. "To not only recruit the
former members of Diabolos but put Magia Dragon back into the spotlight, it shows that you
don't want your legacy to end with you."

"It wouldn't have been right to just leave them be, considering I bore some responsibility for
putting Georg Raizen down the path of becoming a Dragon Eater in the first place due to
the [100-Year Quest]. And to not help them in their time of need would go against
everything my old friends and I had when we first established Magia Dragon and set the
standard for all future Magic Guilds." Elefseria answered, a combination of guilt, nostalgia,
and determination being displayed in his expression and demeanor.
"I thought I recognized that cringy voice." I turn to see Luso and Ennie Signario walking
towards us.
"Luso, Ennie. You look well." I comment.
Luso nods and smiles. "Mhm! And stronger thanks to your Angel wives!"
"More like to annoy us to death if you ask me." Ennie grumbles.
"Well, it's good to see you." I smile causing the sisters to blush.
"Dammit. I was not ready for that." Ennie whispers.
[Oh. Looks like you've already stole the heart of these sisters without so much as lifting
a finger]
"Don't mind Ennie too much. She missed you far more than how she is pretending now,
particularly after Emma-san showed us the memories of your friends and wives of their
experiences with you." Luso giggled, causing me to blink in surprise at the admission while
Ennie looked at her sister in shock with a prominent blush on her face.
[I stand corrected, looks like Emma might have played a role in improving how they
saw you. Particularly if they saw the intimate moments]
'No kidding, especially Ennie. Though I'm surprised Emma went after them since Rusty never
got his hands on either of them.' I replied.
Back on Elentear, Emma admitted that her sharing the memories of me from the minds of
those who knew me was done to not only allow the girls to know me better, but to also act as
an unconventional means of helping them cope with the trauma, particularly in helping them
sleep at night without nightmares. Jean did give Emma a bit of a scolding at the time (to no
avail in the end), but even she could not deny it was effective, even if it meant all the girls
had naughty dreams of me every night instead. Meredy was the only exception, who instead
got naughty fantasies of Jellal thanks to Emma's telepathic prowess.
"L-Luso, what the hell?! I didn't miss this guy that much!" Ennie denied while looking away
with a blush, not convincing anyone.
"Riiight, so the fact that you moaned Asmodeus-kun's name in your sleep every night was
because you did not miss him?" Luso mockingly asked in amusement, causing Ennie to turn
tomato red as she stuttered at the admission.

I blinked at the admission, particularly since Ennie was originally the only girl who had a
negative Affection score for me.
[Hoho! Now this is juicy!]
"Wow. I'm genuinely flattered you missed me so much, Ennie. To have left such an
impression on someone who seemingly hated me from the get go is something I didn't expect,
but it means a lot nonetheless." I told her in a reassuring manner while placing a hand on her
shoulder and giving her a charming smile, causing Ennie's eyes to widen at my answer.
'He…he doesn't resent or lack interest in me? Despite all the super-gorgeous women he's
already with and how much of a bitch I was to him?' Ennie thought in shock, with even Luso
also being surprised yet thankful at my answer. 'I can't believe I misjudged a stud like him.
He's even better than what those girls said he was like!'
You gain 103 AFF with Ennie Signario (Strongly in Love)
You gain 35 REP with Ennie Signario (Absolute Faith)
You gain 90 AFF with Luso Signario (Soulmate)
You gain 100 REP with Luso Signario (Absolute Faith)
"Dammit brat, how are you able to charm such gorgeous women so easily?!" A jealous
Elefseria demands.
"It's a gift." I smirk as I watch the old wizard reach his boiling point before walking away
grumbling 'cheeky brat' under his breath.
"Still, even I'm surprised by your ability to attract women naturally, Asmodeus-kun. It's
unheard of." Athena notes while giggling.
"I don't go after every woman I cross paths with. If that were the case, I would have hooked
up with all of Fairy Tail's women and would be the enemy of all men." I defended, which was
the truth. While Fairy Tail has an abundance of beautiful women, I wasn't interested in all of
them. Plus some of them are married and I'm not interested in getting involved in that mess.
[I bet you'd be singing a different tune had you started in Earthland instead of
Remnant]
"Please forgive master Elefseria, Asmodues-dono. His antics aren't meant to be malicious."
Suzaku says with a defeated sigh, having gotten used to Elefseria's perverted antics.
[I'm more surprised no one has arrested him yet]
"Oh I know, though if he peeps or sexually harasses my girls, I'll make him regret it if my
girls don't get to him first." I casually admitted before looking at Ennie and Luso. "Anyways,
the offer I gave to Athena and Métis extends to you two as well. I made a promise to help you
girls achieve greatness, and I intend to uphold it if you wish."

"R-really?" Ennie nervously asked, to which I nod.
"We would be honored to join you, Asmodeus-kun. It means a lot to us." Luso happily says
on both their behalf while wrapping herself around one of my arms, firmly pressing her large
HH-cup breasts against it. Ennie immediately mirrored her twin's actions and did the same
around my other arm. "Besides, we only aided that old pervert to help deal with the aftermath
of everything from that fight and to help him re-establish Magia Dragon, particularly since he
intends to recruit both Mages AND Alchemists moving forward to fill the void left by
Diabolos and Gold Owl."
"But now that you're back, we can leave." Ennie immediately followed up before both of
them let go.
"Glad to hear that." I say before looking at the 3 members of Magia Dragon. "It was great
meeting you all. I'm not gonna immediately leave Earthland just yet, as I do have a few
things I wanna take care of first and also spend some time with Fairy Tail and my other
friends before continuing on my journey, including you guys if you want."
"We would be honored, Asmodeus-dono. With everything that has happened since Rustyrose
and Towa were defeated, Earthland and other worlds like Elentear will need all the help they
can get." Madmole says while bowing respectfully.
"It was great to meet you too, Asmodeus! I hope we can see you off before you leave on your
journey!" Haku cheerfully adds.
I wave as I [Instant Transmissioned] out of the guild.
"I guess we should start packing, right sis?" Luso asks her sister.
"Let's just go." Ennie walks away with Luso skipping behind her.
"When you come back, we will teleport to his current location." Athena informs them.
Métis squeaks in excitement.
I suddenly appeared on a remote island with a rocky geography and a massive tree emerging
from the center, the sun blaring with a strong heat that would have bothered most regular
humans, though for a hybrid with a body made of [Dark Matter] with benefits
like [Gamer's Body, it was no real bother to me.
'So this is Tenrou Island, the holy ground of Fairy Tail itself and the location where they had
their first fight with both Grimoire Heart and Acnologia, along with crossing paths with
Zeref. It's making me slightly giddy.' I thought as I looked around. 'Now, where's 17?'
As if on cue, I managed to focus on a signature of both [Ki] and [Chaos Energy, which I
promptly flew in the direction of.
Eventually, the sight of Super 17 is apparent, the Android himself looking at my approach
with surprise and curiosity.

Name: Super 17
Title: Ultimate Android
Alignment: True Neutral
Affiliation: Red Ribbon Army (Former)
Race: Android-Machine Mutant Hybrid
Level: 800
HP: 112,215,634
MP: 0
SP: 110,474,000
AP: 0
Background: Originally a human named Lapis, he and his twin sister Lazuli were
highly intelligent and gifted in academics and martial arts, yet were also prone to
juvenile delinquency. Unfortunately, their lives would change forever upon being
kidnapped and forcibly modified into Infinite Energy Model Androids by the mad
scientist Dr. Gero, who he killed upon activation. 17 and his twin sister would initially
travel to help Android 16 fulfill his original mission of killing Son Goku, until the
arrival of the Bio-Android Imperfect Cell who would later absorb both of them to
achieve his perfect form. Eventually revived via the Dragon Balls after Super Perfect
Cell's demise, 17 would go on to have a more peaceful life as a Park Ranger, until the
actions of Dr. Gero and Dr. Myuu caused him to forcibly fuse with the Machine Mutant
duplicate Hell Fighter 17 to become Super 17. Originally, the Machine Mutant clone
was in control of the fused body, obeying both doctors until Dr. Myuu double-crossed
Gero and had Super 17 kill him. However, it turned out that the original 17 had some
influence over the hybrid form, killing both Dr. Myuu and giving Goku the opening he
needed to destroy his cursed shell once and for all. However, the time-meddling duo
Rustyrose and Towa captured Super 17 before Goku's attack could connect, saving his
life and making it look like Goku succeeded. He was experimented on and upgraded
with a Chaos-based energy source, becoming the first Infinite-Chaos Model Android
which gives him access to abilities found in creatures such as Shadow the Hedgehog and
was brainwashed alongside other DB villains. The experiment also deleted Hell Fighter
17's personality and after being released from Perfect Cell, 17 returned to his original
role as a Park Ranger, now maintaining Tenrou Island as a hobby but also as a way to
cope with the trauma of what he's done. He was also forced to take care of the Cell
Juniors which Cell just dumped on him before popping out of existence with his weird
green frog pet thing.
Strength: A hybrid of an Infinite-Energy Android and a Machine Mutant, Super 17 has
the benefits of both, such as the infinite Ki reserves, superhuman physical capabilities,
and biological immortality of an Infinite-Energy Android while having the extrasensory

capabilities of Ultra Sensitivity, regenerative capabilities, energy absorption, and
technological assimilation of a Machine Mutant. Super 17 is also a master martial artist
through both training and information that was downloaded into his mind when turned
into an Android. The modifications he got from Towa has only further enhanced all of
these attributes along with his overall talent/potential to far greater heights, along with
giving access to [Chaos Energy] and Chaos-related abilities such as [Chaos Control] and
[Chaos Blast].
Weakness: While incredibly powerful, his mind is somewhat unstable as a result of Dr
Myuu's and Dr Gero's evil programming, not to mention the trauma of having killed so
many people including his brother-in-law Krillin and nearly his sister and niece. He also
inherited Hell Fighter 17's murderous impulses and could go berserk if pushed hard
enough. He also hates himself for being absorbed twice by Cell, but has a soft spot for
his children even if he doesn't want to admit it.
Personal thoughts: Is he that Asmodeus guy 18 told me about? He looks like it based on
what Emma showed me. What's he doing here? Sis told me he's special, but I chalked it
up to her being in love with him until now. He seems different from anyone I've ever
met before.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Chaos Sensitive, Ki Manipulation, High-Speed Regeneration, Android
Barrier, Energy Absorption, Ultra Sensitivity, Possession, Telekinesis, Android
Physiology, Machine Mutant Physiology
Ultimate Skill: n/a
"So it's true. You really are free, 17." I remarked, causing 17's eyes to narrow.
"How do you know who I am? Are you that Asmodeus guy 18 told me about?" 17
questioned.
"That's me. As for how I know you, that goes back to Goku and Vegeta. I'm a fan of theirs,
you see. I've heard about all of their adventures including their fights with Dr. Gero and his
creations are among my favorites." I said. "Also, you are the splitting image of 18 minus
slicked back black hair."
"So you're the guy who stopped Rustyrose and Towa, along with rescuing my sister and the
others. Guess I should thank you, though I would have been even more appreciative if I was
also rescued." 17 replied, his memory of his second absorption by Cell still being fresh in his
mind.
"In my defense, I was displaced in another dimension and didn't have the means to leave for
quite some time due to being in a weakened state when I averted the meltdown of the Halo
Array to save everybody." I defended myself. "Also, for the record, I never gave Cell
permission to absorb you and I promised 18 to help her in regards to you after Rusty and

Towa were dealt with. Had I not been displaced, you likely would have been freed
immediately."
"I see, no wonder my sister thinks so highly of you." 17 notes.
"Trust me, you have no idea." I reply, thinking back to the sexual hijinks I had with her
during last night's orgy. Turns out 18 is an extremely kinky closet pervert with a massive
libido, as evident by all the sexual debauchery we did, and she was no longer shy, stoic, or in
denial about her feelings for me.
Though obviously I wasn't gonna mention any of that to her own brother.
"So why are you here?" 17 questions.
"I don't know if 18 already told you this, but I'm a traveler of the multiverse, enjoying the
sites, the fights, the food, and various other possibilities it has to offer. And since it's
extremely likely that almost everyone who Rusty and Towa kidnapped are gonna join me, I
was wondering if you wanted to come too? I can't guarantee we will find the exact universe
and timeline you come from, but if we do, you can return to it if you wish or continue to
travel with us." I explained. "Unless you enjoy life here on Earthland enough to consider
staying here? I won't force you to join us if you prefer to live here."
17 opens his mouth but promptly closes. It seems like he's really thinking over my offer.
Suddenly, Torafuzar's massive frame walks out of the sea of greenery, he doesn't seem
surprised to see me. "Welcome back, Asmodeus-sama."
I nod. "You seem to be doing well yourself." I sniff the air and catch a familiar scent. "Do I
smell sex on you?"
At this Mimi's head pops out of a nearby bush, her face bright red. Two puffs of steam come
out of her nostrils. "Mimi's in love!"
[Ha! I was right!]
Torafuzar sighed while scratching the back of his head. "Mimi and I had gotten close since
the Battle of the Halo Array, given that we are both warriors who value loyalty and honor
with a desire to prove our might and fighting spirit in fair combat. One thing led to another,
and well…"
"Tora-kun is Mimi's new boyfriend!" Mimi happily exclaims.
I chuckled. "Well, congrats, buddy. I'm happy that you're finally becoming your own person
instead of a demon that only wants to destroy everything."
"That was more Tempester's thing." Torafuzar clarifies.
[You know, we haven't seen that weirdo in a while. I wonder where he is]
"Speaking of, do you know where Tempester is? I haven't seen him at all." I asked him.

The former Demon Gate hums at your question. "No. But if I had to guess… he's likely found
something of interest. When that happens, he shuts himself out from the world so he can
focus solely on that."
[That's some focus. But what would interest a creature that only wants to destroy
everything?]
'Good question.' I said. Tempester never struck me as the type to hold value or interest in
material things like Seliah, or inflicting pain like Kyôka.
17 looks at me. "I need more time to think about it. Your offer is just… too much right now."
"I understand. After everything you've been through, you'd want the space." I said. "When
you finally make your decision, head to Fairy Tail. That's where you'll find me."
With that, I use [Instant Transmission] to leave Tenrou Island.
Winter Schnee wakes up with a gasp and the first thing that greets her at the ceiling's
fluorescent lights.
"Where…?" She looks around and immediately identifies this as a hospital, but it doesn't
look like the ones in Atlas. "Last thing I remember… Adam Taurus and the Brotherhood
torturing me…" She pulls herself up and realizes she feels no pain. She looks at her hands,
hands that have no blisters, cuts, or bruises of any form. She pads her head and realizes that
she has her hair back when it should have been shaved clean.
Winter starts to freak out. "What is this!? What's going on!?" But after a few moments she
calms down and takes on a more professional mindset. "No, now is not the time for that.
First, I must analyze the situation and reevaluate myself. My weapons were destroyed, so I
will have to use my [Glyphs] until I can find a suitable replacement."
She gets out of her bed and stands up. "My legs are fully functional, no signs of surgery
either. My balance is perfect, too." She looks around and sees a familiar set of clothes neatly
folded on top of a desk. "That's my uniform." She quickly gets out of her hospital gown and
into her Specialist uniform. "It's been fully restored. How long have I been unconscious?"
She shakes her head, focusing more on her current unclear situation. "First I need to figure
out where I am. I don't recognize this type of medical facility, and it's unlikely that it belongs
to the White Fang."
Winter heads towards the door and it smoothly slides back for her, revealing a clean metal
hallway, its walls stainless and shining. She looks left and right and sees no one coming.
"Alright." She takes her first step forward and walks left, her clicking heels echoing with
every step she takes. "I am clearly not in any known Atlas facility, but who brought me here?
My memories are still a blur." Winter shakes her head. "It doesn't matter who and why. My
main priority should be leaving this facility and contacting General Ironwood for an
extraction. There should be a CCT terminal somewhere around here." She sees the end of the
hall and enters another room and is dumbstruck by what she finds.

A dimly lit oval chamber resembling a large, low, circular podium, on which people could
walk, with computer consoles arranged around its edge, the controller lights bringing color to
the otherwise dead room. Directly above is some kind of apparatus or mechanism but Winter
honestly can't tell what it is.
"This… this is…" Winter gawks at the technological marvel before her. She didn't need to be
a scientist or a mere technician to know this is beyond anything Atlas has made. The best
word to describe the room is that it's alien.
She walks forward, entering the ring of controls. She sees a chaotic array of buttons and
switches, along with a big lever that she has no idea what its purpose is. "There must be a
communicator among this mess of controls." She starts pressing buttons and flipping
switches, but nothing happens.
*Click!*
"!?" Winter whips her head back to see a set of doors opening and leaps in front of the
controls to hide. She hears multiple steps and peeks up to see a large group of people entering
the chamber while the person in the front, likely the leader, gestures to the entire room like he
owns it.
"So," He hears the leader say, there's something eye-catching about his voice. "All of space
and time, everything that ever happened or ever will. Where would you all like to start?"
Winter quickly activates her [Glyphs] and surrounds the group with her Grimm constructs.
"Ah, you've finally joined us." The man turns around and Winter's taken aback by just
how handsome he is, supernaturally so. "Hello, sleeping beauty. How was your nap?"
Earlier
Asmodeus reappears inside the Fairy Tail guild surprising everyone.
"Asmodeus, you're back already!?" Makarov exclaims in surprise.
"Yup." I said with a pop. "Say, is Natsu around?"
"He's on a hunting mission, actually. But he should be back any minute now." Makarov said.
On cue, Natsu bursts through the doors with Happy beside him. "I'M BACK!"
"Natsu, let's fight!" I exclaim taking everyone by surprise.
"Did Asmodeus just challenge Natsu into a fight!?" Wakaba said.
"That's the first time anyone's openly challenged him." Macao adds.
Laxus smirks. "Hm. This should be interesting."
Natsu grins. "Really!? Hell yeah!"

"Who wants to bet on the outcome?" Cana said, her expertise as a bookmaker coming into the
fray.
"You sure you should be taking bets in this case, Cana? Asmodeus is your husband, after all."
Levy notes.
"I can be impartial enough with Asmodeus-kun to handle it, and I'm not personally betting
anyways." Cana says, waving it off.
"If you're gonna fight, count me in." Everyone turns to a grinning Xeno Goku. "I could use a
good spar after a hardy meal."
"Hmph. If you're fighting then I'm fighting. Just don't cry when you lose." Xeno Vegeta
taunts with a smirk.
[Holy shit, you're gonna fight Goku and Vegeta on TOP of Natsu? Talk about a fan
fever dream coming true!]
"My, my. The atmosphere is becoming electric!" Kisuke remarks.
"I'm down for that. I've always wanted to test myself against you two anyways." I say with a
smirk before looking at the others. "Anyone else wanna join before we start?"
Before anyone could speak, Cell suddenly appears via [Instant Transmission] with Kermit
beside him.
"Hmph, I hope you weren't gonna start a fight without me? I'll show you all that I'm still the
strongest Android." Cell says with a cocky smirk.
[How the fuck did Cell know you were gonna have a fight?]
'My guess? A combination of Saiyan intuition and anime logic.' I answered with a mental
shrug.
As if on cue, a hole was smashed through the roof and through it came Kefla with an excited
smirk.
"Did someone say there was gonna be a fight?! Count me in!" Kefla says with confidence
and anticipation, causing me to sweatdrop.
[Okay, now this is just getting dumber. What's next? Is Lord Beerus gonna pop out of
nowhere?]
"Wow, this is the most excited I've seen you since I've met you, Cell! I wonder how this fight
will go?" Kermit says in amazement.
"Oh my god! We actually get to see Goku and Vegeta fight, with Cell as a bonus! This is the
Cell Games sequel we've all been waiting for!" Saya squeals with excitement, having a
fangirl-otaku moment.

Rei and Saeko sweat drop in response to Saya's behavior, Amber and Emerald look in
confusion, and Merlin merely giggles. Alice and Zeke, on the other hand, looked almost as
excited as Saya, though mostly because of Asmodeus' involvement in the fight.
"Wow, I didn't expect so many contenders at once." I note before looking at Natsu. "You don't
mind, do you Natsu? If you do, then I can just do a series of one-on-one fights."
"Nah, the more the merrier! And I wanted to fight pretty much all of them at some point
anyway!" Natsu replied, growing more excited at the upcoming fight.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hold on!" Lucy interrupts as she stands in between all of us. "If you
guys are gonna have a serious fight, you need a good place to do it so you don't destroy our
universe in the process!"
After multiple training sessions under Asmodeus, everyone gained a decent understanding of
what was possible with [Ki] , including how destructive fights with it could be. Asmodeus
always made it a point to teach those under him how to exercise fine control over their
growing power to help avert unnecessary destruction, especially given the destructive antics
of many of Fairy Tail's members. It not only ensured they could use their newfound power
with maximum effectiveness and efficiency, but also ensured that none of them casually blew
up continents, moons, star systems, and so on when fighting at full strength.
And Lucy could tell this fight was gonna be VERY destructive!
"Relax, Lucy. We'll fight in the [Hyperbolic Time Chamber] to avoid that, obviously." I
replied with a smile. "It'll be just like our training sessions, only with more explosions of
course."
Makarov sighs in relief. "Thank goodness. I almost had a heart attack just imagining the
carnage."
[A bit overdramatic, don't you think?]
'He's not wrong, though. Even with those devices I gave him and Erza, that much destruction
would be a nightmare, especially if it adversely affected Fairy Tail's reputation.' I said.
"Was Lucy being serious? About destroying universes, I mean?" Amber asked Rei and her
friends in surprise and concern, unfamiliar with the scale of power she was soon to witness.
"Yeah, Amber. You'd be surprised by how powerful [Ki] users can be, including us. And
that's likely just the tip of the iceberg." Rei answered her, understanding her reaction as she
and her friends, along with Team RWBY and their friends, reacted the same way when
Asmodeus first explained it back in the Ever After.
"Oh yeah. [Ki] is probably one of the most destructive sources of power out there, especially
if you don't know how to use it properly, and it gets even more destructive once you
gain [God Ki]." Saya adds.

The confirmation from the two girls caused Amber and Emerald to pale in response, before
Merlin placed a reassuring hand on both of their shoulders.
"Asmodeus wouldn't do this stuff if he didn't know what he was doing. And chances are that
Asmodeus will offer you both similar training. It will be pretty tough, sure, but the results are
ultimately worth it." Merlin informs both of them, causing them to calm down.
"Alright, follow me and we'll get this fight started!" I say as I lead everyone into
the [Aincrad].
I led all of them to the back of the building, where I parked my ship.
"Hey man, can I ask you something? Why does the [Aincrad] look like that?" Jet points at
the police box.
"Yeah! What happened? Did it get smaller or something!?" Droy adds.
"It is very… bizarre." Fried reluctantly said.
"I like it! It's very symmetrical." Kisuke remarks with his usual jolly tone.
"Nobody was asking you, buckethead." Evergreen said.
"Juvia, for one, likes the color. And the orange light of the windows makes it look homey."
Juvia comments.
"You traded stone and steel for cheap wood and a lamp? And I thought Natsu was dumb."
Gajeel huffs.
"What did you say, you metal prick!?" Natsu screams out.
As more of the group air their comments on [Aincrad's] new look, I let out a sigh. "It's
camouflage." I turn to everyone. "It's disguised as a police telephone box from the planet
Earth in 1963. One of the many additions I gave to the [Aincrad] was the creation of
a [Chameleon Circuit]."
"Chameleon… it can disguise itself?" Lucy said and I nodded.
"Every time the [Aincrad] materializes in a new location within the first nanosecond of
landing." I snap my fingers as an emphasis. "It analyzes its surroundings, calculates a 12thdimensional data map of everything within a 1,000-mile radius, and determines which outer
shell would blend in best with the environment."
"But why a police box? We never went to Earth 1963. And it doesn't blend
in this environment either." Saya points out.
"Oh, the [Chameleon Circuit] has a manual override. You can manually type the name of
whatever shell you want in the console and keep it that way." I explained.
"And you chose a police box because…"

I huff with pride as I affectionately tap the wooden frame. "Police boxes are cool."
"Enough of this chatter and let's go already!" An annoyed Xeno Vegeta yells.
I pull out a yale key from my pocket but just stop short from inserting it. "Oh right." I turn to
everyone. "This is the key to the [Aincrad]. When the exterior shell changes so will this key.
If you decide to come with me, you will each get your own copy. There is a metabolism
detector behind the lock, so if your key's stolen the assailant won't be able to get inside."
"Eh?" The explanation earns confusions and groans from most of the guild.
"Basically, it's like a spell that doesn't respond to anyone except for the owner or those he
trusts." Levy simplifies earning looks of understanding from everyone.
[Bless that beautiful brain, and the woman who owns it. Shame Gajeel got his hands on
her first]
I insert the key into the lock and turn, getting a click sound from the door before opening
them wide inwards.
Everyone watches him walk inside and soon follow in a single file. Some of the taller
members have to crouch because of the frame but manage to step through. Amber and
Emerald step in last and close the doors behind them.
Fairy Tail is in awe of the technological marvel before them. While they thought the original
control room was great, the new one uses its space to its fullest and is more futuristic in terms
of appearance.
I gesture at the control room and smile. "So, all of time and space, everything that ever
happened or ever will. Where would you all like to start?"
Just then, a woman in white leaps from the controls and various magic circles with a
snowflake motif appear and white constructs of monsters appear to surround them.
"Ah, you've finally joined us." I turn to greet my guest, my smile never faltering. "Hello,
sleeping beauty. How was your nap?"
Now
Winter continues to glare at the leader. "Identify yourselves."
"You know, most people start with a hello followed by their name." I counter.
"I am 1st-Class Specialist Winter Schnee, commander of the Eis Squadron." Winter states.
[Isn't that just ice in German? Also, 1st-Class? That's new]
"Nice to meet you." I said.
"I demand that you return me to my airship the Blitzkrieg, which is currently located-"

"Ah, nope." I raise a finger in protest. "Not like that."
Winter glares at me. "You will take me back to my airship which is currently located in the-"
"No, shut up. Not like that, get it right!" I said with a firm tone.
Winter deactivates her [Glyphs] and her expression turns pleading. "Please… take me back
to my ship."
I look at her for a moment. "Nope! Sorry, I'm busy." I walk away. "Let's go guys."
This shocks Winter. "What!?" She marches up forward and grabs my collar. "What do you
mean you won't take me back to my ship!?"
"I can't take you back to somewhere that doesn't exist." I replied.
Winter's glare intensifies. "What kind of sick game are you playing!?"
"C'mon Winter, if the White Fang found you, do you think they'd stop? They'd make sure
you'd never left the island." I said.
Winter's eyes widened in realization. The boy made a valid point. Eliminating any potential
means of escape for a spy or scout was a basic tactic, assuming nothing valuable was there to
warrant leaving it intact. The White Fang had no reason to keep her ship intact if they found
it, especially given how much they hated her family.
"Uh, Asmodeus? Who is this lady?" Max asked in confusion.
Winter looks at me skeptically. "Asmodeus? That doesn't sound like a color."
I take her hands and gently push her away. "This is Winter Schnee. She's someone I and the
other girls rescued from execution before coming here." I explained before looking back at
Winter. "I know you have questions, but I'll need you to put them on hold. For now, can you
go back to the infirmary? I should be back soon to properly explain things."
With the time dilation of the [Hyperbolic Time Chamber] , a single minute in the real world
was 6 hours there, meaning even if the fight somehow dragged on for a full day, only 4
minutes would pass.
Winter sighs in resignation, recognizing her options were limited and she couldn't afford to
pick a fight right now.
"Fine, I'll wait. But if you don't show up in the next 30 minutes, I'm finding my own way
back." Winter says in a resolute manner, her expression indicating she wouldn't budge any
further on the issue.
"That's fine, more than enough time." I agreed with a shrug. Unless my fight somehow lasted
a full week nonstop, we would easily be done in that timeframe.
Winter turns with a click of her heels and makes her way back to the infirmary.

"What an ice queen. Someone should really pull that stick out of her ass." Ur bluntly
remarks.
"Alright, I think we've been delayed enough. I don't need to read minds to know you guys are
excited to fight already. Follow me." I say as I lead the way to the [Hyperbolic Time
Chamber].
"About time too! I'm itching for a fight after a month of training and all the fun from last
night!" Kefla eagerly states. She already had her eyes firmly set on Asmodeus as a lover after
giving her the best sex of her life as he fucked her like a bitch in heat, but if he was as strong
as she was led to believe and could beat her in a fight, he would practically be her soulmate!
Some were curious about that last comment she made, but no one got the chance to ask as
they followed me to our destination.
Eventually, we arrived at our destination and entered the [Hyperbolic Time Chamber].
Most of them were used to the sight by now, but the newcomers, such as Amber, Emerald,
and Kermit had no such experience.
"I don't believe this! What is this place?!" Amber says in amazement.
"It's a place I use to help maximize training without needing to hold back, where time flows
much faster." I gave a basic explanation. "With how strong the 6 of us are, we need a place
like this if we want to fight at full power without causing mass destruction or the death of
countless people."
"Wow! This guy is just full of surprises, but I bet he isn't ready for you." Kermit says as he
looks at Cell. "Show him what you're made of, Cell!"
"Believe me, I will, Kermit." Cell responded with a cocky smirk.
"This is incredible, master!" An awestruck Emerald exclaims.
"Alright, I'm all fired up!" Natsu cried in excitement, eager for the fight that was about to
happen.
"Easy Natsu. First, I need to lay down some ground rules." I say, catching the attention of
Natsu, Cell and the 3 Saiyans. "This fight will be a free-for-all. I have reinforced the
dimension so we can all fight at our full power, but even though I have the means to revive
any one of us, please avoid any killing as much as possible. If you give up or are knocked
unconscious, you're out. No asking for help from anyone in the audience and fusions are not
allowed. No destructive attacks aimed at the housing area, since it's both an observation area
and our way out. Otherwise, everything is fair game. The last one standing wins. Got it?"
The 5 nod and later find ourselves a fair distance from the housing area.
Mission Unlocked: The Ascension
Objective: Win the Battle Royale

Rewards: 443,420 EXP, 511,111 Credits, Items, Skills
Natsu goes first. He clenches both fists and grits his teeth, a ring of fire surrounds him before
igniting into a giant flame pillar. The flames then start to change color from a deep crimson to
a bright blue, igniting the very oxygen in this entire dimension.
"S-Shit…!" Kefla coughs as her lungs burn from the inside before it suddenly goes away. She
looks at Asmodeus to see him conjure a barrier to isolate the effect.
The blue pillar splits and vanishes, revealing Natsu's appearance has changed. He has deep
blue scales on his face, forearms, and legs. His shoes are gone and claws now replace both
arms and legs. He has two blue horns protruding from his head giving him the look of a
demon and is enveloped in the blue aura of [God Ki] and magic.
"[Divine Fire Dragon King - Mode Blue]!" Natsu states.
Back in the housing area, everyone can sense the sheer output and heat Natsu is generating,
setting the roof on fire.
"Holy shit!" Mest yells.
"Hot! Too Hot!" Bickslow chokes as his dolls catch fire.
"Goodness." Kisuke rapidly fans himself to cool his sweaty face.
Kermit screams as his whole body's on fire.
Most of the fairy girls sweat profusely and use whatever they can to cool themselves minus
Erza and Mira who seems the least affected by the intense heat.
"Well now, isn't he a bold one." Vados giggles. "Using his blue form right at the start like this.
He must be very excited to show it off."
"Hm, yes. Though was the fire pillar necessary?" Marcarita taps her staff and puts out the fire
as well as cools the area. "He doesn't need to be so theatrical."
"Ah, but that's half the fun!" Vados giggles.
Juvia douses Kermit with her divine [Water] while Wendy heals his body.
"Haa, bliss~" Kermit purrs at being hugged by Wendy. "I have died and gone to heaven."
"Pervert." Carla hissed.
Cell can feel the intense heat and [God Ki] rolling off Natsu and can't help but be impressed.
"I will admit, your new form caught me off guard, little drake." He smirks and subsequently
transforms into his [Platinum Cell] form. "But you're still an amateur compared to a real
master of [God Ki] and [Chaos Energy]."

As for the 3 Saiyans, they too were surprised by Natsu's new form, but they acknowledged its
strength and the representation of his growth. Even Kefla was impressed.
"Hmph. The little brat actually improved. Maybe he wasn't all talk, after all. But time to show
him what a Saiyan is capable of!" Xeno Vegeta grunted before a surge of [God Ki] enveloped
his body, revealing the [Super Saiyan God] form that he managed to unlock under Vados
and Marcarita's guidance.
"Vegeta's already going [Super Saiyan God]? Guess there's no reason to hold back now!"
Xeno Goku says before transforming into [Super Saiyan God] as well.
"All right, now things are really getting exciting! Staying with that stud definitely is the right
call if it means more fun fights like this!" Kefla exclaims before turning into her own [Super
Saiyan God] form, though her fiery aura was more intense in comparison to the Time
Patrollers due to her [Legendary Super Saiyan Mutation].
'Damn, they've ALL gotten stronger. Not only Xeno Goku and Vegeta, but even Kefla, have
managed to unlock [Super Saiyan God]!' I remark excitedly as I marvel at the sight.
Especially in Kefla's case since she's managed to attain SSG unlike her canon self.
[Kale's Super Saiyan variant is also adding an extra buff to the SSG, making her
marginally stronger than Vegeta's Super Saiyan Blue Evolution. Cell's no slouch either.
He must have trained to perfect his platinum form to make up for the loss of his black
form. They may actually prove to be challenge even for you]
My platinum eyes glint with excitement as I smirk. "This is gonna be fun!"
Natsu suddenly disappears from where he stood. "!?"
*PING!*
I pivot my neck to the right, avoiding a flying kick from behind coated in blue flames.
Natsu stops in mid-air and thrusts himself with a burst of blue flames like a blue rocket. "
[Divine Fire Dragon Javelin]!"
"..." I leap away a great distance but Natsu has no problem catching up.
Kefla watches as the two become blue and black blurs in the sky just as the shadows of Xeno
Goku and Vegeta loom behind her.
"HA!" Kefla lets her aura surge violently, enough to push the Time Patrollers back. She
charges at them both with an onslaught of punches and kicks, the sheer strength behind the
attacks forces the two Saiyans to go on the defensive. "C'mon old timers! Don't tell me this is
the best you can do with god power!"
"Then you don't mind me raising the stakes right?" Kefla can only look back when she and
the other Saiyans are blasted point-blank by Cell.
"Hmph." Cell looks smugly as he crosses his arms. "How predictable."

"Predictable….?" The smoke splits revealing the 3 Saiyans, alive and very pissed.
"I'm just getting started!" Xeno Vegeta roared.
Meanwhile, Natsu keeps attacking Asmodeus but he keeps dodging every single one of them.
"Stay STILL!" Natsu roars in frustration.
I jump back from another kick and my hand glows as I raise it towards the incoming Natsu
and his limbs are immediately bound into bands of silver light.
"What the!?" Natsu tries to move his limbs but can't. "What did you do!? I… can't move!"
[Ki binding. A good way to trap a pesky bug]
"[Infinity Dragon's Storm Fist]!" I cock my fist back as it erupts into an aurora of colors as
I charge at lightspeeds and punch Natsu in the gut.
"...!" Natsu's [Aura] flares as it tanks the attack, but the shockwaves alone still caused him
pain.
"Gah!" Natsu cried as he flew away due to the shockwave, gritting his teeth in pain as he
trails across the ground before stopping, quickly regaining his bearings as he looks at me with
renewed conviction. "Don't think one punch will be enough to beat me, Azzy!"
"I'd be disappointed if that were the case. You really have grown since I was gone, and not
just in getting married to 2 girls." I say in amusement before my expression shifts into a more
serious one. "But you're not the only one. Let's see what you got!"
As if like the signal to start a race, the two of us blur out of casual sight as we engage in an
intense, high-speed series of clashes from all directions, with explosive shockwaves
emanating from every attack that is often accompanied by blue flames.
Meanwhile, among the audience, everyone is looking at the various clashes with amazement.
"Oh my god! Natsu is even stronger than I thought!" Lucy says in amazement, with Lisanna
nodding in agreement.
"Natsu's been looking forward to this fight since we first met Asmodeus. He's been preparing
ever since." Happy says with pride.
"Natsu-kun has come a long way in his melee prowess and mastery of [God Ki], even if he
could still use more work." Marcarita notes, acknowledging the pink-haired dragon slayer's
growth under her and her sister.
"Indeed, sister. Though he isn't the only one who has improved. Just look at Asmodeussama." Vados adds in amazement, both Angels immediately noticing their master's passive
mastery of [Autonomous Ultra Instinct] rivaling even their own.

"It does not surprise me. Asmodeus-sama has always been a specialist in doing the
impossible. He always finds a way to defy expectations and do amazing things." Seilah says
with pride about her master/husband. It only further illustrated that her swearing fealty to him
was the best decision of her life.
"Indeed. As amazing as it is, I would expect nothing less from Asmodeus-sama. And this is
likely only the beginning." Irene smugly adds as she looks at the 2 Angels. "He likely has
more hidden up his sleeve. You two will see why bonding with Asmodeus-sama was the best
thing you ever did."
Vados and Marcarita could only nod in agreement. They knew there was something special
and unique about Asmodeus from the moment they first met him. It's why they didn't even
hesitate in choosing him to swear fealty to, and not simply because their status as [Grand
Priestesses] they attained from their modifications required they be bonded to a 'supreme
being'.
"Gotta admit, Salamander has come far. A part of me wished I could have grown that much
from training under Vados and Marcarita." Gajeel grudgingly says, having had less time to
train compared to Natsu and Laxus due to spending half of his free time with a pregnant Levy
when he wasn't on missions.
"Hmph. I could do better when compared to Flame-Brain." Gray scoffs, unaware of the fact
that he was completely naked.
"Gray, your clothes!" Erza scolds as she smacks him on the head while Mirajane had
thankfully moved quickly enough to cover Alice's eyes when Gray drew her attention. While
they were used to Gray's stripping habit with exasperation and some resigned amusement,
they and Asmodeus' other women quickly grew fond of the innocent Alice and tried to shield
her from the more 'excessive' tendencies of some of their guildmates.
"Gah! Why is he naked?!" Saya says in flustered shock that was shared with Rei and Saeko.
Even if they got used to most of Fairy Tail's quirks after partying with them, Gray's stripping
quirk was something they still weren't accustomed to.
"You get used to it." Cana sighs in exasperation as Juvia stares with hearts in her eyes at a
naked Gray quickly gathering his clothes while being scolded by Erza.
"Ur-san is just as bad if not worse." Wendy comments as, sure enough, Ur is also butt naked,
though Brandish quickly helps her gather her clothes so that Alice wouldn't notice.
"Thankfully, Ultear-san hasn't inherited it… I hope."
"Shhh! Focus on the fight!" Laxus cuts in, drawing their focus back on Natsu and Asmodeus.
Natsu and Asmodeus crash, their energies causing ripples that would normally tear
everything around them, but the chamber's upgraded dimensional dams keep the ripple effect
from expanding.
"[Divine Fire Dragon's Fury]!" Natsu says as his entire body is fully ignited in blue flames
as he unleashes a flurry of punches and kicks with increasing speed, strength, and heat,

though I easily dodged or blocked all of his strikes.
"C'mon, stop trying to hit me and just hit me, Natsu!" I taunted him as the flames receded
somewhat after some time, but was surprised as I saw a smirk appear on Natsu's face.
"Oh believe me, I will! Guess it's time to take it up a notch!" Natsu declares as his body once
again ignites, but is now also accompanied with [Chaos Energy, much to my surprise as a
burst of power emanates from him.
Natsu's still in his [Divine Fire Dragon Mode] but his scales now gain a rainbow-like glow
similar to what you'd see in a [Hyper Form].
At the same time
"Ara ara. Looks like little Natsu is going all out for real this time." A giddy Vados comment.
"Yes. Combining [Chaos Energy] with [God Ki] has always given… interesting results."
Marcarita adds.
Back into the fight
[His power output has increased exponentially! Level wise, he just surpassed your
Super Saiyan Rosé in sheer power!]
Natsu cracks his neck and looks at me with a fanged grin. "Get ready Azzy." His voice
gains an echo-like effect. "This is where the real fight begins."
With that, Natsu charges at lightspeeds, giving no time to react as my vision goes white.
Kefla and Xeno Goku clashed, determination burning in their eyes as they tried to one-up
each other. A shockwave rings out and the two separate before charging at each other with an
onslaught of kicks and punches, each hit was parried and countered.
Xeno Vegeta fires a barrage of Ki shots at Cell, but he dodges them all. No, that's not right:
he is skipping the barrage.
"Really Vegeta? Don't tell this is all of the power you can muster after training with gods?"
Cell taunts. "Because if so, then they've wasted their time."
Xeno Vegata's face twists with anger before shifting back into a neutral expression. "I know
what you're doing, Cell. I'm not the same man you fought decades ago."
Cell huffs in disappointment. "Shame. You were so easy to toy with then."
Xeno Vegeta charges at Cell not with anger, but with the intent of defeating his opponent.
Cell's eyes widened, his connection to the [Chaos Force] allowing him to read the Time
Patroller's emotions.

"You really have changed." Cell smiles. "Well Prince, you may actually be a challenge this
time around!"
Xeno Vegeta charges at the smiling Cell, however, before the attack connects the world
suddenly becomes a photo negative version of itself.
Cell floats out of the way of the attack and now stands beside Xeno Vegeta.
"Hmph." Cell raises his hand and charges a Ki blast straight at Xeno Vegeta's head. "Tch." He
cancels the attack and lowers his hand. "Killing him like this now gives me a bad taste in my
mouth."
The world returns to normal and Xeno Vegeta punches the air. He blinks in shock as his
opponent vanishes before his eyes. "What the!?" He quickly turns around and sees Cell now
behind him. "That wasn't [Instant Transmission]. What did you do?"
The response he got from Cell was laughter.
"My time with Rustyrose and Asmodeus has allowed me to master a far wider repertoire of
techniques and abilities than just those of my genetic templates." Cell starts, his expression
smug. "But the greatest things I have gained since leaving my timeline are not only [God
Ki] but also [Chaos Energy]. The latter is thoughts turned into powers, desires manifested in
reality no matter how impossible, so long as you have the strength to back it up! And one
thing I've learned is that the limit-breaking and adaptive capabilities of Saiyans combined
with [Chaos Energy] opens the path to ultimate power! Power that makes regular Saiyans
seem obsolete!"
That seemed to have struck a nerve. "I'LL SHOW YOU WHO'S OBSOLETE!" With a
battle cry his godly aura surges out and Xeno Vegeta becomes as bright as a sun.
Yet Cell… it was simply disappointing.
"Really Prince? Is this really the best you got? Why don't you go [Super Saiyan Blue] and
maybe you'll stand a better chance… unless you can't." Cell's smile gets wider. "Oh this is
rich. The Saiyan Prince can't ascend beyond this? That is just embarrassing. I've seen your
counterparts ascend the limits of divinity… yet an old man like you is having trouble keeping
up?"
Xeno Vegeta only further gritted his teeth, though Cell's revelation internally surprised him.
'[Super Saiyan Blue]? Is he telling me I haven't even scratched the surface of [God
Ki]?' Xeno Vegeta thought before shaking his head. 'That brat better not have been holding
out on me, or else I'll teach him what it means to anger a Saiyan!'
With a roar, Xeno Vegeta charges at a bored Cell. His attacks are swift and fierce—his strikes
precise and powerful.
But to Cell, they may as well be weak and in slow motion… and it's annoying.

"Enough." Cell grabs Xeno Vegeta by his face. "You dare come at me with this level of
power? Know your place, trash."
Xeno Vegeta can feel [Chaos Energy] converge and condense at the palm of his hand.
"[Chaos Flare]!" Cell fires a green stream of energy at point-blank, its glow darkens the
entire area.
From the housing area, everyone watches in sheer awe and fear at the level of power Cell's
just unleashed.
"Damn, Cell has no chill for basic bitches." Kermit comments.
Marcarita hums in acknowledgement. "Crude comment aside, Cell really isn't holding back
against the Time Patroller. His mastery over his own [Chaos Energy] exceeds even that of
Little Natsu and the others. His control over [God Ki] is no different, it is a faucet that he can
switch on and off, allowing him to use both energies but not enough to over-rely on either."
While neither she nor anyone else pretended to have full understanding and true mastery
of [Chaos Energy] when compared to Asmodeus, both she and her sister were quick and
talented learners even before their modifications, and with some advice from Mirajane and
Irene, both her and Vados quickly gained a strong grasp of it.
In her judgment, between the racial benefits of the various races that comprised his DNA, his
own exceptional talent and motivation, his dedication to training, and his pre-existing grasp
of [God Ki] and [Chaos Energy] , Cell's growth and endless potential is truly beyond any
god.
"Indeed, sister. Though I wonder how long he will stay ahead of the others. The Saiyans have
shown their own exceptional growth, especially Kefla." Vados says as she looks at the female
Saiyan currently dominating Xeno Goku. The extensive modifications she forcibly
underwent as one of Towa's 'crown jewels' on top of her being a [Legendary Super Saiyan]
, coupled with her own training and determination, makes her a force to be reckoned with
against the Time Patroller who still wasn't accustomed to godhood.
Cell stares at the smokescreen as it slowly dissipates, revealing a still alive Xeno-Vegeta, his
body smoking from the point-blank blast. His armor and top were gone, having been
completely disintegrated, leaving his bare torso and head covered in numerous bruises and
burns.
"Still alive? Can't say I'm really surprised." Cell crosses his arms and smirks. "Just give up,
Vegeta. In that sorry state, you can't win."
Xeno Vegeta grits his teeth. "Every day…!"
Cell arches an eyebrow as Xeno Vegeta continues. "… Every day of my life. I trained every
day of my life to get to where I am now. Unlike you, who was made in a lab from our stolen
DNA."

"What's your point, Vegeta?" Cell asks.
"My point…?" Xeno Vegeta slowly looks up at Cell with cold disdain. "Your very
existence sickens me!"
Xeno Vegeta then lets out a loud roar that is accompanied by a massive, fiery surge of [God
Ki] vaguely reminiscent of a certain Dragon Slayer as his power skyrockets to a new level.
"What the-!?" Cell is caught off-guard as Xeno Vegeta bursts in a massive pillar of power,
immediately drawing the attention of the other fighters.
"What the hell!? What is Vegeta doing, and why is his power growing so much!?" Natsu
demands in confusion.
I didn't offer an answer considering I was just as surprised by the turn of events. Xeno
Vegeta's power was skyrocketing, but the way his power was acting wasn't reminiscent
of [Super Saiyan Blue] or [Super Saiyan Rosé].
No, this is something new!
'No way. Did Xeno Vegeta gain a new form that never appeared in canon?!' I thought in
surprise at the turn of events.
[When it comes to Saiyans and breaking their limits, anything is possible. Your own
interactions and those of Fairy Tail with him could have also influenced it]
Xeno Goku and Kefla were surprised as well, but also excited at the challenge and
possibilities that Vegeta's change represented.
The audience was no less surprised than the actual fighters.
"Oh my god! I think Vegeta's unlocking a new form! This is history in the making!" An
excited Saya exclaims.
Rei and Saeko, for once, are just as starstruck as Saya given the level of power Xeno Vegeta
was emanating. Alice and Zeke are arguably even more amazed by the power. Merlin, though
more composed, had an interested expression on her face at what she was seeing.
Emerald and Amber, while unable to sense [Ki] , could still feel the raw pressure that was
surging and it sent shivers down their spine. The rest of the Fairy Tail members were the
same as the pressure they felt was insane.
Kisuke continues to hide his face behind his fan, no one can tell what he's thinking.
"God damn. And I didn't think I would see any more surprises in this fight." Gajeel says in
surprise, though it secretly also motivated him to increase his own training so as to not fall
behind the Saiyans or Natsu.
"No wonder Asmodeus and Cell spoke highly of Saiyans." Laxus says in an impressed
manner, also just as motivated at the sight to become stronger.

"Seeing this, I think I'm realizing why Asmodeus often pushed all of us so hard during his
training sessions. Not just to save our universe and stop the wretched scheme of Rustyrose
and Towa, but because there was a whole other level of power we never could have imagined
before we met him." Makarov says in shock, with Macao and Wakaba reluctantly nodding
their heads in agreement. While not always at the same rate as many of their guildmates, the
3 older men grew considerably stronger from training with Asmodeus after
gaining [Aura] and [Ki] , and it only continued after the destruction of the Halo Array under
Vados and Marcarita's guidance.
…Well, after receiving a scolding from Erza when they tried to decline, that is. With her
reminding them that the massive influx of Demons, the savage variant of Dragons, and Chaos
Monsters would have permanent, long-term repercussions for their universe and how much
the 3 Worlds would be depending on Fairy Tail in the foreseeable future.
"For once, I think I'm as eager as Natsu at the prospect of getting stronger and fighting strong
opponents." Gildarts admits the sight of Xeno Vegeta's growth motivates him to reach even
greater heights.
"This level of power truly is amazing." Lucy says, before she lets out a sigh as she looks at
Lisanna. "Something tells me this will only encourage Natsu to train and fight with even
greater fervor in the hopes of catching up with him."
Lisanna giggled at Lucy's statement, agreeing with the sentiment.
"It wouldn't be Natsu if he didn't." Happy giggles.
"This power is so MANLY! Vegeta is a real man! Seeing this makes me wanna train even
harder to be even more manly!" Elfman says with a fire ignited in his eyes.
"Every time I see stuff like this, it makes me realize why Asmodeus often trained us as hard
and as much as he did while encouraging us to not get complacent. There's always room for
improvement and there may always be someone stronger out there." Erza notes before
looking at Mirajane, Cana, and the other harem girls who were currently present. "We
definitely need to step up more so we can get stronger."
This drew nods of agreement from Mirajane, Merlin, Cana, Seilah, Irene, Ur, and Brandish.
"And my sister and I will be more than willing to help you grow more in mastering [God
Ki]." Marcarita says with Vados nodding in agreement, understanding the sentiment the other
girls were feeling and also because they felt it's what Asmodeus would want them to do
anyways.
When the energy surge subsides, Cell finds Xeno Vegeta still in his SSG form. However, his
hair and eyes take on a darker coloring of royal red as well as the hair growing bigger and
spiking outwards like [Super Saiyan Second Grade]. The eyes also sport visible black
pupils, and the aura takes on a similar coloring with a larger and denser nature to it, including
light particles that display a stronger glint, similar to [Ultra Instinct Sign] , taking the form
of four-pointed stars and a few occasionally bursting like fireworks; also, the subtle yellow
glow of [Super Saiyan God] disappears completely. His body has also gained a noticeable

increase in muscle mass and definition, also similar to [Super Saiyan Second Grade] while
his skin tone takes on a somewhat yellowish hue.
"Losing to you… means admitting that everything I've done was meaningless…!" Xeno
Vegeta states.
"Well, well… this is certainly an interesting development. I didn't think there was an alternate
state to [Super Saiyan God]." Cell remarks with a smug grin. "This should be fun."
Xeno Vegeta launches himself towards Cell, who fires a Chaos-enhanced [Galick Gun]. But
instead of dodging, Xeno Vegeta takes the attack head-on, flying straight through it.
"What!?" Cell is caught off-guard by the suicidal tactic, however, this is all Xeno Vegeta
needs to get close and raise his hand at Cell's face.
"[Nova Burst]!" Upon being invoked, a red sphere of pure [God Ki] comes forth and
swallows Cell completely as it grows to the size of a planetoid, before detonating in a
ribbiting thunderclap.
As the smoke clears, Cell is seen in the center, his body covered in burns but very much
alive.
"I will admit, you caught me by surprise there, Vegeta. But playtime's over." He glares at the
Time Patroller with unbridled contempt. "Now, I'm going to kill you."
Nothing further was said before the 2 of them charged at one another with far greater vigor
than before. Both threw punches that struck and subsequently unleashed shockwaves that
would have blown away anyone of lesser strength, the collision merely being the first of
many blows as the 2 engaged in a high-speed blurry exchange of attacks. For every attack
one of them unleashed, the other would block and subsequently counterattack, their power
increasing as their engagement grew more intense.
To the untrained eye, they look like beams of light that were accompanied by other smaller
lights, each seemingly trying to one-up the other in an endless tug-of-war.
"[Galick Gun]!" Cell fires a Chaos-enhanced Galick Gun at Xeno Vegeta, who counters with
his own Galick Gun.
The two beams collide, but slowly Cell's beam starts to swallow Xeno Vegeta's until it nears
his threshold.
"Face it Vegeta! I am the Absolute Being! You can't defeat me!" Cell proclaims with every
ounce of arrogance he has.
"Can't? CAN'T!?" Tufts of Xeno Vegeta's hair turn blue for a moment before his aura
explodes with blue energy. The sudden surge of power boosts Xeno Vegeta's attack, allowing
him to gain the upper hand. "You're finished!"
Cell watches in horror as his attack is completely dominated and is subsequently enveloped
in violet light.

*BOOM!*
A massive explosion rockets the area followed by a sharp wind gust that would have cut
through solid steel, but Xeno Vegeta stood firm as he stared at the smokescreen.
When the smoke clears, he sees Cell encased in a green dome of energy; still alive.
"Tch, stubborn cockroach." Xeno Vegeta spat in frustration.
Cell lowers his [Android Barrier] and glares at Xeno Vegeta with frustration and envy.
"How…? How can you, someone who doesn't even have an ounce of [Chaos Energy, can
have the strength to push me this far!?"
"This is the result of a lifetime of training fueled by pride, resolve, and conviction, Cell! Do
not underestimate the might of the Prince of Saiyans!" Xeno Vegeta proudly retorts.
"Is that so…?" Cell sneers, he's at his boiling point. "Then let's test just how mighty Saiyan
royalty truly is."
"Yes… let's." Xeno Vegeta agrees with finality.
Cell cups his hands and slowly draws to his side. "Kaaa… meeee…" [God Ki] and [Chaos
Energy] are converging and concentrated in between his palms. "Haaa… meeee…!"
Xeno Vegeta puts his right hand to his side and charges a red energy sphere.
"HAAAAA!" Cell thrusts his hands forward and fires a massive beam of divine entropy.
"[Celestial Final Shine Attack]!" Xeno Vegeta brings his hand forward and launches a huge
wave of divine energy.
*BOOM!*
The two attacks clash, detonating into a massive explosion of awesome power and force that
shakes the very foundations of this dimension.
When the dust settles Cell stands proud, albeit with half of his right side missing, smugly
staring down at a defeated Xeno Vegeta.
"K.O. I win. Perfect." Cell smirked as his body started to regenerate from the damage.
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
*BOOM!*
A series of thunderclaps echo in the sky as two red comets fiercely crash into one another,
inside the red energies the silhouette of two figures can be seen in a deadlock.

Xeno Goku grits his teeth which contrasts to Kefla's cocky grin.
"Face it old timer. You got nothing against the new and improved Kefla!" Kefla boasts before
releasing a surge of divine energy that knocks Xeno Goku back.
'She's right, my SSG can't even scratch her. She has the same near-infinite ki reserves as
Broly and the same durability as him. It keeps rising to no end. Her unique nature must have
mutated her SSG form. Not to mention,' He glances at the dull Potara Earrings on her ears. 'I
can't afford to hold back anymore.'
"Come on! Is that all you got?! I thought you were supposed to be stronger than that grumpy
old man fighting Cell and he managed to show that powerful new form! What do you have?"
Kefla mockingly asked. They were all surprised by Xeno Vegeta's transformation, but it only
made those with Saiyan DNA even more excited and curious at what else they could do.
"Let's find out. I've been testing what can be done with [God Ki, and I think you'll like the
result!" Xeno Goku says with a smirk before [God Ki] begins to expand outward from his
body. "Raaahhh!"
As Xeno Goku roared, his body was enveloped in a massive surge of [God Ki] and red light,
and those in the audience could sense Xeno Goku's power increasing dramatically.
"Oh my!" Vados gasps in surprise. "It is just one surprise after another with these Saiyans
today."
"Indeed, though it feels…different from what Vegeta's transformation was like. It's definitely
divine in nature, but also… primal." Marcarita notes with interest.
"Oh my god! Goku's gonna transform again?! This is SO much better than watching Dragon
Ball Z!" An extremely excited Saya squeals, her face beet red as steam rolls out of her ears
while Alice and Zeke fan her. Rei and Saeko sweatdrop once again at her uncharacteristic
reaction. The others in the audience were curious to what she meant, but their attention
quickly shifted back to the fight, equally captivated by the turn of events.
Even Natsu and I once again halted in our own fight to see what was going on.
'Is that… [Super Saiyan 4]...?' I remarked at the familiar energy, but it was off. 'No… it's
different now.'
[Damn, first Vegeta and now Goku?! Guess we shouldn't be TOO surprised considering
how they have grown in the past, with Goku in particular being adept at unlocking new
forms]
'No kidding. I had theorized that Saiyans can evolve based on their environment, emotional
state, training conditions, and so on. It's why they have so many transformations, and more
on the way if they stick around. Saiyans truly have limitless potential.' I thought with a smirk,
excited over the possibility of my own potential forms given my status as the [True Saiyan
God].

The red light and immense aura of [God Ki] eventually dissipated, revealing Xeno Goku's
new form. For the most part, it was identical to his [Super Saiyan 4] in terms of appearance,
though it seemed to blend it with aspects of [Super Saiyan God]. Both his wild mane-like
hair and the fur of his upper body were the same shade of red as [Super Saiyan God, with
the same extending to his eyes. And his body was somewhat leaner than his normal [Super
Saiyan 4] form, with his exposed skin having a somewhat more tanned complexion.
It was as if 2 versions of Goku, one in [Super Saiyan 4] and the other in [Super Saiyan
God, had fused together, to put it simply.
"Holy shit! What kind of form is that, gramps?!" Kefla says in awe and excitement at the new
appearance and power.
"Something new I came up with. Since [Super Saiyan 4] is the result of using the [Great
Ape] form in tandem with [Super Saiyan, then the same principle should apply with [Super
Saiyan God, right? This is the result." Xeno Goku says in a confident manner. "I call
it… [Super Saiyan God Alter]."
"Man, I wish I could get that form." Kefla grumbled in frustration and clear envy. Saiyans
from Universe 6 evolved past the need for tails, along with their more savage nature. But to
see such power originating from something evolution threw away in her universe is not just
annoying, it's a stump to everything she worked for! No matter how much training or strength
she gained, she'll never unlock that primal power Xeno Goku just showcased. It's agonizing!
"I don't need to be a mind reader to know how frustrated you are." Xeno Goku smirks.
"Knowing you, you'll likely get something just as amazing. Now let's put this power to the
test!" He charges at Kefla with speed that caught her off-guard.
Before she can block, Xeno Goku lands a devastating knee strike to her abdomen that had her
gagging at the pain that left her too disoriented to stop the elbow strike to the face that
followed and sent her flying.
Kefla tried to regain her bearings, but Xeno Goku wouldn't let such a golden opportunity get
away from him and subsequently flew up to her and launched another elbow strike to her face
that sent her plummeting to the ground. But once again, before she could land, Xeno Goku
appeared beneath her falling body and landed a swift kick to her back that knocked her away.
"Dammit…!" Kefla groans. "He's… too fast…!"
Xeno Goku unleashes a barrage of punches and kicks, each more heavy, more precise, more
ferocious than the last, overwhelming Kefla as they get past her defenses without problem.
Kefla gasps, both in pain and in annoyance. "How… are you… doing-!?"
"You're too arrogant. You let yourself think you already won simply because you were strong.
But you forgot one crucial part about fighting." Xeno Goku raises his hand up to Kefla's
face. "Never underestimate your opponent."

He fires a red Kamehameha at Kefla at point-blank range. She screams as she is blown back
by the attack before her transformation is undone as she loses consciousness and starts to free
fall.
Xeno Goku catches her and gently places her on the ground.
"You have a lot of potential, kid. You just need a good teacher." Xeno Goku remarks before
sensing a large spike in [God Ki] and smiles. "Well, looks like someone's getting serious
now."
"[Divine Fire Dragon's Claw]!" Natsu says as he launches a series of powerful punches
coated in blue flames and enhanced by [God Ki, each of them furiously aimed at me.
I, on the other hand, managed to seamlessly dodge and block all of Natsu's attacks so far, and
if I saw him trying to lead me into a sort of trap related to the lingering blue flames left from
his attacks, I promptly blocked and extinguished the flames with [Nemesis]. Not that it would
have burned me anyways given my own mastery in [Dragon Slayer Magic].
Have to admit, [Autonomous Ultra Instinct] really was a useful, if not unfair, ability to
have.
"Come on, Azzy! You're not gonna fight back?!" Natsu taunts as he continues to throw
punches.
"Oh I will, but I just wanna see what you're fully capable of." I say with amusement as I
outmaneuver a kick launched by Natsu.
Despite all of his bravado, however, I could tell this power was starting to drain Natsu.
'It's just like with Frieza when he fought Goku right after getting his Golden form. Because
Natsu hasn't mastered and gotten accustomed enough to this form, it's exhausting him
quickly.' I noted.
[Don't forget that Natsu's aggressive and intense fighting style in conjunction with his
flames has some similarities to Firebending from Avatar, which can be powerful and
devastating, but the sheer intensity put in sustaining the physical exertion in
conjunction with the flames can cause them to tire quickly in prolonged conflicts]
Natsu launches himself forward. "[Divine Fire Dragon's Spear]!" He thrust his right arm
forward, and a column of blue flames shot towards his target.
However, to Natsu's disappointment, I simply move my head aside and his attack misses as a
result.
"[Divine Fire Dragon's Wrath]!" Natsu invokes in frustration as he unleashes a barrage of
fire-enhanced punches in rapid succession with increasing intensity, desperately trying to
land at least one successful blow.

I, on the other hand, calmly block all of his attacks with one hand, earning more annoyance
and anger from the divine dragon.
"Why. Won't. You. Fight!?" Demands Natsu as he continues his mad assault until one of his
punches cracks Asmodeus across his face, sending him stumbling back a little.
Vados' and Marcarita's eyes widened at what they just witnessed. "Did Natsu just-?"
"Yes sister, he did." Vados whispered in awe.
"Oh dear…" Kisuke whispers under his breath.
"Oh right! He finally hit him!" Gajeel yells as the others cheer.
"That may not actually be a good thing." Laxus' calm voice freezes the excitement cold.
"What do you mean?" Lisanna asks the man.
Laxus takes a deep breath. "Asmodeus has been entertaining Natsu so far, letting him wear
himself out." He narrows his eyes. "But now that he actually landed a hit…"
"He doesn't have to hold back anymore." Saeko finishes as everyone turns their attention
back to the fight.
I touched the place where Natsu hit me. Even though the attack didn't dent my [Aura] I can
still feel the vibrations traveling down my body.
"Well now," I slowly straighten myself and stare squarely at Natsu. "Looks like I
underestimated you."
Natsu's grin widens. "Hmph! That's what you get for looking down on me!"
"Oh, I never looked down on you, Natsu. But now that I understand what you're capable of."
My smile turns razor sharp. "I will have to… take you MUCH more seriously."
Natsu's grin falters as the atmosphere around you changes, but my smile only grows sharper.
Before he can react, Natsu's knocked away by a devastating elbow strike to the face that
sends him flying, too disoriented to react when several consecutive kicks struck him in the
back before launching to the ground.
Before he could even fall, Natsu was launched upwards by a knee strike to the back after I
had teleported underneath him.
Once in the air, Natsu is struck in multiple places, thrown around like a ragdoll.
His [Aura] shatters to bits as he screams in pain from his heavy blows, they are like being
struck by multiple supernovas!
Asmodeus ends it with one final roundhouse kick, sending the Dragon Slayer straight to the
ground with a loud thunderclap.

[What happened to taking him seriously? You never even transformed. Though seeing
Natsu get thrown around like a ragdoll is very funny]
I touch down just as Natsu slowly gets up, his transformation long since undone.
"You…" Natsu glares at me. "You were playing me like a fiddle!"
"You played yourself." I countered. "You used a form that you haven't mastered or even
gotten accustomed to. You let your body burn itself out just to give yourself an advantage.
You made it easy, Natsu."
Natsu slowly gets up. "I made it easy, huh…?" He looks up with a cold fire in his eyes. "Then
how about I use something else!?" [Curse] and [Chaos Energy] erupt from Natsu and he
transforms into his demon form.
"Oh? And what makes you think turning to a demon will do? You think becoming a
hellspawn will give you an advantage against divinity?" I inquired and shook my head.
"While your resolve and determination to win is admirable, it means nothing if your own
power becomes a crippling weakness." I narrow my eyes. "Persistence without insight will
only lead to a quick defeat."
[Even when we factor how desires and emotions have a palpable influence over power,
there was only so much even they could do if there was no change in mindset or method]
In other words, unless Natsu was using his power in a way he understood and could utilize
with incredible effectiveness and efficiency, he would simply be repeating the same mistake
he made with his [Divine Fire Dragon Mode].
Meanwhile, everyone in the housing area can sense the shift in power from Natsu.
"So he has chosen to use his [Curse] power now." Seilah notes, curious as to the turn of
events. She and the other former members of Tartaros had long since come to terms with the
fact that Natsu was actually END and the younger brother of Zeref, and his displays of his
demonic powers always served as a reminder of why he was considered the strongest of
Zeref's Demons (at least prior to her meeting Asmodeus and her subsequent growth).
Though she was currently intrigued at what those demonic powers could do in combination
with [God Ki] and [Chaos Energy].
"What the hell is Flame Brain thinking? Does he really want to burn himself out all over
again?" An incredulous Gray questioned.
Despite long since accepting Natsu's true identity as E.N.D., seeing his rival use that evil
power always left him with a bad taste in his mouth considering his personal and familial
history with the Demons of Zeref.
"If his body couldn't handle the strain of merging [God Ki] and [Chaos Energy] together,
what could he gain from using [Curses]?" He wondered, hoping this wouldn't be a
dangerous mistake on Natsu's part.

"Combining demonic and divine power has historically had mixed results, but adding [Chaos
Energy] into the mix? I hope Natsu knows what he is doing." Marcarita notes in concern,
with a similar expression appearing on Vados' face.
"Natsu, be careful." Lucy prayed, with Lisanna and Happy having similar reactions.
[Curse] power surges through his body as two large devil wings burst from within his vest,
destroying it.
"Here I come!" Natsu lunges at me, his claws enveloped in black lightning.
"!?" I moved my head aside and barely dodged the punch, but it still graced my
cheek. 'That's-!'
[That was Black Flash. He just used the fabled Black Flash. Natsu just used a
phenomenon of Cursed Energy manipulation from Jujutsu Kaisen!]
I evade most of Natsu's blows, but some of them manage to get to me.
'Shit.' I leap back to make some distance between us.
"Now this is an interesting development!" Vados says with excitement.
"How could an ability born from negative emotions give him such a boost in speed, enough
to match [Autonomous Ultra Instinct]?" A slightly unnerved Marcarita openly wonders.
Seilah is in awe by the display of [Cursed] power. 'So this is the power of Zeref's strongest
demon.'
'That power is similar to Kido, albeit massively corrupted.' Kisuke analyzes as he watches
how the black energy clings onto Natsu like a parasite.
Saya's hand trembles in response to Natsu's power and a voice purrs in her
mind. "Yeeeessssss…"
[The Black Flash is a distortion in space that occurs when cursed energy is applied
within 0.000001 seconds of a physical hit. It requires incredible concentration and
willpower to even pull it off, yet Natsu seems to be pulling it off like it's nothing, it's so
fast that even the autonomous state of Ultra Instinct has trouble keeping up. It may be
because of his existence as a demon, an entity that is empowered by negative emotions,
that he's able to do this. In Jujutsu terms, he may qualify as a Special Grade Sorcerer
or Curse User even if he doesn't have an innate technique]
Before I can sense him, Natsu is already in front of me with his fist already cocked back. "!?"
He delivers a powerful uppercut that sends me flying upwards.
Damage to Aura: 6,326,732
50% cut by [Resilient Body]

Calculating new value…
Damage reduced to 3,163,366
I stop my ascent and look down at Natsu, my [Aura] already healing. "Damn… he hits like,
well, something stronger than a truck."
[The Black Flash is considered a rare phenomena that not everyone can pull off, only 8
people in the Jujutsu world have managed to pull it off, but Natsu's is different. He's
using {Chaos Energy} and mixing it with his {Curse} power, enhancing it in a way we've
never seen before. We may need to take this seriously]
"HA! How's that, Azzy?!" Natsu mockingly asked as he flew at me at supersonic speeds with
his fist pulled back while coated in flames and black lightning.
However, to Natsu's surprise, I caught the attack in my palm and neutralized the power
without issue.
"I'm impressed, Natsu. Considering your and Fairy Tail's track record of overcoming great
odds and your own feats, you still surprise me in ways I never thought possible." I praised as
I looked at him with an excited expression. "Now it means I can have a REAL challenge."
I open my [Inventory] and pull my [Sparda], it's fleshy body pulsing with anticipation.
*BA-BUMP!*
"!" Saya's eyes widened at the sight of the sword. "Spar…da."
"Hm?" Alice turns to Saya. "What's wrong, Saya-nee-san?"
"Sparda…!" Saya repeats, her voice distorting as her body trembles.
Everyone's attention quickly shifts to the pinkette as they feel a spike in power.
"Saya…? What's wrong?" A concerned Rei reaches out only to be stung by a bolt of energy.
"Ow!"
A dark, malicious aura starts to envelop Saya, causing everyone to take a step back.
Merlin's eyes widen as she realizes what's happening. "This is-!"
"SPPPPPPPAAAAAAAARRRRRRRDDDDDDDAAAAAAAAA!"
Kermit frowns. "Well fuck-"
*BOOM!*
The housing area explodes in a burst of demonic power and a purple comet shoots out and
flies towards the battle.
"!" Xeno Goku and Cell sense the ominous power coming towards Asmodeus and Natsu.

Said fighters stop their advance as they sense the torrent of negativity heading their direction,
but only I raised my sword as the comet slams itself into me.
"Get off!" I swing [Sparda] which pushes this new entity away, and as the dark cloak fades
away, my eyes widened at the assailant's identity.
It was Saya, but she was different. Her white ribbons were gone, letting her pink hair flow
down to her ankles. She has a single black horn protruding upwards from her forehead, 4
black angel wings from her black, and black metallic claws where her hands and feet shoot
be, with metal grossly fused into her flesh. Her glasses are gone, and her brown eyes are
replaced with red ones that give her a bloodthirsty, manic aura.
"Saya…?" Even Natsu is appalled by her new form.
[That's not Saya]
Name: Beowulf
Title: Lightbeast, Gatekeeper, Man Eater, Backstabber
Alignment: True Evil
Affiliation: Temen-ni-gru (former), Mundus
Race: Human-possessed (Demon)
Level: 912
HP: 85,431,023
MP: 86,000,321
SP: 86,231,490
AP: 62,123,901
Background: A unique demon with the ability to control light, Beowulf stood out among
his kind for his power and cruelty. Mundus found his tenacity perfect for the role of
guardian for the Temen-ni-gru, however, when Sparda betrayed Mundus, he bound
Beowulf and a number of other demons to serve as the protectors of the tower, stopping
anyone from trying to break the seal to the Demon World. Humiliated and disgraced in
the eyes of Mundus, Beowulf swore to kill Sparda should he ever return, which later
evolved into annihilating his entire bloodline, only to be killed by Vergil and becoming a
Devil Arm. However, upon sensing the Devil Sword Sparda's power, the remnants of
Beowulf's soul and mind awakened, absorbing the ambient magic and Chaos Energy of
the land, taking over Saya Takagi's body, and turning her into a half-demon as it slowly
absorbs her soul. It only desires one thing: kill Sparda and all those connected to him.
Strength: Beowulf can manipulate light for attacks as well as a ki user through Saya.

Weakness: Beowulf is vindictive, impulsive, and arrogant. He is obsessed with revenge
against Sparda and his family and nothing else, to the point he will see anyone who
wields their weapons as part of their bloodline. Since he isn't in his original body his
fighting style is much weaker and he hasn't inherited Saya's martial art skills.
Personal thoughts: At last I got you! You thought you could get away from me,
Sparda!? I will hunt you and all of your kin until you are all erased from existence!
Reputation: -100 (Wants you dead)
Affection: -100 (Hates you to death)
Unique Skill: Ki Manipulation, Half-Demon Physiology, Light Manipulation
Ultimate Skill: n/a
"Beowulf…?" I said.
"So you remember, Sparda. Good." Beowulf grins, his voice overlaying Saya's. "It'll
make your death a lot more enjoyable."
Alert! Mission parameters have changed!
Mission name has been changed to [Hound Unbound]
Objective: Remove Beowulf from Saya without killing her
Bonus Objective: Give Mirajane Strauss a new Take Over
Rewards: 2,093,012 EXP, 2,010,111 Credits, Items, Skills
"A part of me is tempted to point out that I am neither Sparda nor related to him in any way,
but I know you're way too insane to listen. However, I will say this only once, Beowulf:
release Saya from your control, or I will make what Sparda did to the Demons look like a
slap on the wrist." I say with a dark expression on my face.
Beowulf chuckles. "Not yet. This disgusting human will serve my needs until you are
dead in my feet, Sparda."
[Okay, he's insane and delusional. What now?]
Just then, Cell and Xeno Goku appear via [Instant Transmission].
"Is that… Saya?" Xeno Goku blinks in surprise. "The [Evil Ki] radiating from her is insane!"
"And it's all directed towards you." Cell glances at me.
"Allies, Sparda? Pathetic. You have truly gotten weak if you are resolving to receive
help from these abominations." Beowulf spat out.
The atmosphere immediately became cold and tense, which was evident by Cell's reaction.

"First you interrupt our grand fight, and now you have the nerve to call me an abomination to
my face?" Cell sneered venomously. "I should destroy you right here and now for such
insolence."
"If you do that, you'll kill Saya too, which is unacceptable to me, Cell." I warned him before
turning back to the Demon. "For the last time, I am not Sparda or his descendant. I found this
sword when I went to Hell."
"You think I care, Sparda!? I will kill you and your allies for humiliating me!" Beowulf
screamed.
"Man, this guy has lost it!" Natsu said.
[I don't get why you even bother trying to talk to it. It definitely doesn't seem to be in a
talking mood]
"What do you hope to do? You still have no control over her body." I point out.
If the case of Captain Ginyu and Zamasu from Dragon Ball were any indication, body swaps
regarding [Ki] users rarely allowed the new individual to grasp their new body's true power,
or at least not without considerable training and experience.
And in the case of Beowulf who just took over Saya's body, he has no idea how to use any of
her powers.
"It may not be my original body, but it makes no difference. This human's body holds
incredible power, it's intoxicating! And it agrees with my power quite well, too. Nothing
can stop me now, Sparda!" Beowulf declared a surge of light in combination
of [Aura] and [Ki] emanated from Saya's possessed body.
[This guy's really arrogant]
I narrow my eyes before looking at Xeno Goku, Cell, and Natsu. "You three stay where you
are. As much as I'd like to continue our battle royale, we'll have to put it on hold so I can
personally deal with this asshole."
"You don't want us to help, Azzy?" Natsu asked in confusion, to which I shook my head.
"It's not that I don't trust you guys or anything, but I would prefer to solve this issue
WITHOUT killing or severely injuring Saya in the process, and thankfully I'm more than
capable of doing this myself. And Saya is my student, so it's a little personal." I told them
before muttering under my breath. "And even if that wasn't the case, Shizuka and the other
girls would never let me hear the end of it if she was beaten up too much while saving her."
[Doubtful, considering how much all of them except Alice are in love with you and you
not being whipped in any way, but better to be safe than sorry anyway]
"Don't take long. The rest of us want to resume this battle as soon as possible." Cell states
before he, Xeno Goku, and Natsu fly a small distance away.
I dismiss [Sparda] and switch with [Yamato].

Immediately, Beowulf freezes upon the sight of [Yamato]. "Y-You…!" He begins to
remember the scent of Sparda, the scent that he hunted down… only to be cut down by
the second son of Sparda.
And this sword bears that scent!
"Y-YOU!" Beowulf roars lunges straight for me.
I leap away but Beowulf follows. It roars and soars through the air with its wings as it tries to
catch up to me.
[Damn. Beowulf's grudge against Vergil must be bigger than Sparda's]
'Are you surprised? Sparda just sealed him away, Vergill killed him. I'd be more angry at the
guy who killed me, too.' I remark.
Light flashes from Beowulf's claws. "DIE, SPAWN OF SPARDA!" It fires bullets of light
at the speed of, well, light.
I dodge the projectiles with ease before rocketing myself towards Beowulf, [Yamato's] blade
drawn and ready. But when I attack, Beowulf's body shimmers and dissolves into light
particles.
"An afterimage?" I didn't have time to question as I avoided Beowulf's claw attack.
"COWARD! YOU ARE A COWARD LIKE YOUR EXCREMENT OF A
FATHER!" Beowulf screams as Saya's body starts to shine with intense light.
[What's it doing now?]
"DIE!" Beowulf unleashes light blasts in rapid succession in all
directions. "DIE!DIE!DIE!DIE!DIE!"
I dodge the seemingly endless barrage of energy attacks. "Shit!"
Xeno Goku, who was now carrying Kefla and Xeno Vegeta, along with Cell and Natsu,
dodge the incoming frenzy of light.
Beowulf cackles as he watches the supposed 'spawn of Sparda' dance his tune before
suddenly pink chains wrap around his neck and torso before slamming him hard into the
ground.
Beowulf looks at the chains and traces them to their source, revealing Brandish, Merlin,
Vados, Marcarita and everyone else who was in the housing area alive and well.
"Everyone…" I sigh in relief.
"Oh please, darling. It takes more than a little explosion of demonic energy to take us down,
hohoho!" Vados laughed. Something like that wouldn't even phase her or her sister, but it was
endearing that he was concerned for them nonetheless.

"Still, can't deny it took us by surprise." Marcarita glances at the raving Beowulf. "If Kisukesan and Merlin-san hadn't erected a barrier at the last minute, everyone else here would've
been seriously injured."
"What's gotten into Saya? This isn't like her." Rei asked in alarm and confusion.
"Indeed, her behavior and appearance are completely different from normal." Saeko notes in
a concerned tone. "And this vile energy… it's clinging to her like a cancer."
"S-Scary!" Happy stutters.
A worried Alice turns to Merlin. "Is Saya-nee-chan gonna be okay?"
Zeke whines in Alice's arms.
Merlin smiles and pats Alice's head. "Don't worry, little Alice. We'll handle this and make
sure Saya is okay." She turns her attention back to the possessed Saya. "This thing is giving
off the aura of a Demon, and a strong one given its intelligence. The question is where did it
come from?" She then glances at the metal claws and remembers Saya's weapons. "Ah. So
that's where you were hiding."
"It is definitely demonic, though of a peculiar nature that I have never seen before. Vados,
have you seen something like this before?" Marcarita asked her sister.
"No, sister. This is new for me as well." Vados replied as they both looked in curiosity.
"We [Etherious] are demons created by Zeref. Nevertheless, this is the first time I've seen a
natural-born demon." An interested Seliah comments. She didn't count Mammon and Belial
since they were originally Angels before becoming Demon Lords, while Towa was in an
altered state when Seilah first saw her.
"Can it really be called a true Demon? It's more like a curse that's trying to eat her soul."
Kisuke says, staring down at the flaying Beowulf. "It seems to be trying to access
her [Ki] but can't as it doesn't have the knowledge to access it, but it's still corrupting it with
its existence."
"That would explain why she's giving off demonic power and [Evil Ki]." Cana grimly adds.
"It's almost like that time Zoldeo possessed Capricorn but more invasive." Lucy shudders at
the memory.
"Well, it ends here." Ur says as she steps next to Brandish while manifesting a purple ice
sword via [Ice Make] and [Ice Devil Slayer Magic] that was infused with [God
Ki] and [Chaos Energy]. "Listen up, you bastard! You are one second away from being torn
to shreds, so I suggest you get out of our friend now and maybe we'll go easy on you."
"Or don't, and then I can show you what happens to Demons who get on my bad side."
Mirajane smiles coldly as Magic and [Chaos Energy] flare from her body.

Beowulf growls. "You pathetic mongrels! Release me this instant or suffer the
consequences of my wrath!" He tries to break out of the pink chains, but to his surprise,
they would not break and all of the power from both himself and Saya was suppressed and
nullified. "What is this sorcery!? What have you done to me!?"
"My [Semblance], scumbag, you aren't breaking out of them anytime soon." A smug
Brandish informs it. "And that crushing feeling is your power being sealed and nullified.
Only Asmodeus-sama has ever gotten out of them in this state before, but he is a special
case~"
It was true. Only her master/husband has ever broken out of her chains during one of their
training sessions, even when enhancing them with [Chaos Energy] to make them
unbreakable. It just shows just how exceptional Asmodeus was even without her steadfast
love and loyalty.
I land in front of Beowulf, [Yamato's] blade gleaning ominously as I reel my arm back,
aiming for Saya's heart. "Now stay still."
Everyone is caught off guard by my seemingly callous move.
Gajeel growls and marches forward. "Oi! What the hell are you-" But is quickly stopped by
Lady Avalon.
"You'll want to see this." Avalon says to the fairies.
Kisuke narrows his eyes as he scans the [Yamato]. "That sword… it's different."
I plunge the sword through Saya's body with a loud squelch as the blade is driven deep into
her body, drawing looks of shock and outrage from everyone. However, they soon see Saya's
body glow as I pull out the [Yamato] from her.
"What is-!?" But Natsu doesn't finish as Beowulf splits off from Saya. In its true form,
Beowulf is a very large demon composed of mismatched parts from different animals (a
Chimera.) His head, torso, and four-digit claws are similar to a Lion's with one eye missing,
and a single curved horn atop. He has talons instead of feet, and four wings which can unfold
from his back, and a scorpion tail.
[Wow. He's even uglier in real life]
Saya passes out, still bound in Brandish's chains, her stab wound nowhere to be found.
[Huh. It heals the stab wound after separation, good to know]
Beowulf looks at itself, back in his true body and cackles. "You are a fool, spawn of
Sparda! Now that I am no longer bound to that weak female, I am back to full power!
You have only freed your hunter!"
Name: Beowulf
Title: Lightbeast, Gatekeeper, Man Eater, Backstabber

Alignment: True Evil
Affiliation: Temen-ni-gru (former), Mundus
Race: Demon
Level: 412
HP: 21,513,426
MP: 19,479,122
SP: 14,470,000
AP: 0
Background: [Expand]
Strength: [Expand]
Weakness: [Expand]
Personal thoughts: That foolish Sparda brought me back to life! I will thank him by
devouring his females first and killing him last.
Reputation: -100 (Wants you dead)
Affection: -100 (Hates you to death)
Unique Skill: Demon Physiology, Light Manipulation
Ultimate Skill: n/a
[Damn. Talk about a major downgrade. And he seriously calls this his full power? I feel
sorry for him]
"If this is your true power, then I'm severely disappointed. You were actually much stronger
when you were possessing Saya, but then again Saya was extremely powerful even before
you possessed her." I scoffed in disappointment, causing Beowulf to growl.
"Insolent fool, I will destroy-" Before Beowulf could complete his threat,
Brandish's [Semblance] wraps around him after releasing Saya to her friends.
"You arrogant bastards just love to monologue, don't you? Even Belial isn't this bad and she's
literally the Sin of Vanity!" Brandish scoffed in annoyance at the demon she was restraining.
[She's got a point there]
Vados had joined Saya's friends to examine the girl to ensure there were no lasting, negative
effects on her body and soul.

"Can I destroy this demon now, Asmodeus-kun?" Ur brandishes her makeshift ice sword,
before gesturing to Mirajane. "Or should Mira absorb it?"
I stare at the demon attempting to break free before an idea comes to mind. "Not yet. Death is
too quick and too easy for a monster like this one." I turn to Ur with a sharp grin. "We need to
make him suffer, and the best way to do that is by taking what they value most."
Some of the Fairy Tail mages look confused by my words while others in the audience
blinked in realization.
"Oh-hohoho, delightfully devilish Asmodeus-sama~" Irene praised in approval.
"What exactly do you have in mind?" Amber asked, the experience of watching the grand
fight with incredible power and now the raging Demon in front of her being beyond anything
she could have imagined in her wildest dreams.
I then turn to Emerald. "Emerald, be a dear and give our Demon the Remnant pack. Extra
thick."
Emerald quickly picks up what I meant. "Understood, master! Right away!"
Beowulf suddenly feels an ominous shiver travel up his spine.
"W-What are you doing!?" Beowulf questioned with a hint of nervousness that provided a
glimpse of the fear starting to bud within his heart.
"Welcome my little slice of Hell, also known as Remnant." I say while giving him an evil
smirk before vanishing from sight.
Beowulf looks up and sees hundreds upon hundreds of Grimm of various sizes and
species. "What the hell is this!?"
The Grimm all roar and charge at the demon all at once. Beowulf tries to fight them off but
every time he kills a few a dozen more will take their place. "Damn you! DAMN
YOU!" He screams as he is overwhelmed by the sea of darkness.
In the real world, everyone watches Beowulf flail around attacking the air.
"He's just fighting the air." A dumbfounded Natsu comments.
Cell looks at me. "What did you do to him?"
"Nothing, it's all Emerald." I gesture to a focused Emerald. "Her [Semblance] allows her to
make others see what isn't there; basically illusions. She's making Beowulf see a legion of
monsters from our homeworld."
"You realize this won't last forever. He will break free." Cell points out and I chuckle.
"I know, that's the point." I said. "How do you think he'll react when he realizes he was
fighting nothing but a hallucination? The humiliation and embarrassment will drive him

mad."
Cell blinks as he realizes the goal of my plan and smirks. "You are quite the dubious bastard,
aren't you? I like it."
"He possessed one of my girls. Humiliation is the least he deserves." I said.
"I must say that your actions were quite impressive, Asmodeus-sama. A complete and clean
separation between Saya and that demon, with no adverse effects on her body and spirit. And
despite being impaled by your sword, there's no damage whatsoever." Vados remarked as her
staff was hovering above Saya's body with its orb glowing, analyzing her body and soul as a
precaution.
"This sword has a unique ability tied to the concept of separation, meaning that anything that
makes contact with it can be separated, be it physical, spiritual, or metaphysical.
Unfortunately, when used on living, sentient beings, the only way it works to full effect is to
stab them." I explained to them.
"Ah, I see! It's similar to a Zanpakutō's [Konso]. Albeit a more gruesome version." Kisuke
remarks with slight disgust.
"You could have at least explained that to us, Asmodeus-kun! You could have saved us the
grief!" Rei yells in annoyance while removing her hand from Alice's face.
"Yeah, or you could've used [Forced Spirit Fission] instead. A sword through the heart is
pretty uncalled for." Xeno Goku adds.
[He does have a point there]
"Perhaps, but I wasn't entirely sure [Forced Spirit Fission] would have worked since I would
need to hurt the target pretty badly before performing the technique compared to a single and
clean stab with this sword that would've healed right afterwards, and I didn't want to hurt
Saya too much." I reasoned. "Also, there's not exactly an easy way to explain how impaling
someone through the heart with a sword will help separate a demon from a person. Ignoring
the hesitation over potential moral qualms, I wouldn't be surprised if most of you would
initially think it was a stupid and barbaric method even if I explained the full effects unless
you saw it firsthand." I answered, drawing reluctant looks of acknowledgement and
understanding from many in the audience.
"He does have a point. While I may not be a doctor, I know that sometimes when treating a
wound or injury, the best method of doing so can sometimes be painful or gruesome to
witness, but it's better than waiting and letting the issue get worse. It's the same principle
here. He likely didn't want to prolong Saya's possession given our experience with possession
and brainwashing." Merlin adds in support upon quickly gaining an understanding of the
situation.
"Yeah… right." 21 sighs as the atmosphere turned somber as the memories flowed by.

Makarov steps forward. "That doesn't matter, that time is over. It is time to forget the past and
move towards the future."
*THUD!*
Everyone turns to see Beowulf collapse on the ground in exhaustion.
"Speaking of, it's time to put this one where it belongs." I walk towards the demon.
Beowulf turns to look at me as the effects of Emerald's [Semblance] had worn off.
"What happened?! Why am I not dead?!" Beowulf asked in alarm.
"There were no monsters. It was all in your head. For all your pride in your strength as a
Demon, you fell victim to a simple illusion and got a taste of the kind of creatures that prowl
in my world." I chuckled in mocking amusement. "Even the children on Remnant can handle
it better than you. How pathetic."
Beowulf lay frozen on the ground, feeling utterly humiliated before it quickly shifts into
rage. "You dare…!"
"Asmodeus-kun told us what he and those of his world were forced to deal with for
millennia, yet you didn't even last 10 minutes. Guess us 'lowly mortals' are better than the big
bad Demon~" Ur taunted, wanting to rub salt on his wound.
"Silence…!" Beowulf sneers before he feels his entire being suddenly gets crushed under an
immense weight, both physically and spiritually.
"Enough with your tantrums. Be thankful I didn't just snuff you out on the spot for
taking what was mine." I told him, my voice echoing with absolute authority.
[So that's what the Dragon God Haki does. Nice]
Beowulf couldn't move his body, he was pinned to the ground by the creature's sheer spirit,
not even Lord Mundus gave him such deep-rooted fear.
"What… are you…?" Beowulf struggles to ask.
"Above you, where I can watch you grovel under my feet." I close my eyes and sigh as I
dismiss [Dragon God Haki]. "You should be thankful I didn't kill you. A demon with a
power like yours is rare, I'd just hate to let you go to waste, so we're gonna put you in good
hands."
Mira steps forward, her cheerful smile hiding the sharp edge just beneath.
Beowulf immediately senses something wrong with this human. It can sense multiple demon
souls within her, all stuffed together, writhing in a river of instinct and madness. "N-No! Stay
away!"

Mirajane places her hand on Beowulf's nose and is immediately absorbed by the [TakeOver: Satan Soul].
Mission Complete!
Objective (Complete): Remove Beowulf from Saya without killing her
Bonus Objective (Complete): Give Mirajane Strauss a new Take Over
Rewards: 2,093,012 EXP, 2,010,111 Credits, Skills, Items
30% Increase by [EXP Necklace]
Calculating new value…
You gained 2,720,916 EXP!
Level Up!(x7)
Generating rewards:
[Pandora] - Rank: BB+
A Devil Arm which Dante obtains in Devil May Cry 4. It is able to transform into 666
different and devastating forms. In its base form, Pandora resembles a grey briefcase
with many cracks detailed onto it, for example, the first set of cracks are basically a
yellow circuitry, and the second is a vein-looking pattern of cracks. In the center of
these cracks is a silver circle encompassing a three-eyed skull with fangs.
[Ignia's Soul] - Rank: AAA+
The spirit of Ignia, the former Fire Dragon God and the biological son of Igneel. It
grants the owner all of the immense magic power Ignia had in life. To those who wield
spirit-based abilities or magic related to spirits, it grants them access to the full power,
skills, knowledge, and memories of the Fire Dragon God, including his exceptional
affinity for [Fire Dragon Slayer Magic] and latent manipulation of Fire or any other
heat-based elements such as lava, plasma, and explosions. It also drastically improves
the user's strength, speed, endurance, and senses, along with granting a certain level of
dominion over Dragons of lesser strength, with Fire Dragons being the most receptive to
the latent authority of Ignia.
[Banished Dreadnought] - Rank: AAAA (x17)
The Banished Dreadnought are the massive capital warships, utilizing heavily modified
Covenant ship hulls, upgraded by the Banished, appearing on Halo: Infinite. They are
used primarily to support the Jiralhanae planetary occupations, invasions and serve as
their symbol of power and lifeline, especially after the destruction of the Jiralhanae's
home planet Doisac. They serve as the mobile command centers and fortresses for
resource extraction, manufacturing (repairing and producing equipment) and troop
deployment for large-scale ground assaults. Each of these massive ships is 2,665 meters

(8,743 ft) long, and their weight is 127 million tonnes. The Dreadnoughts are very
durable, able to withstand the significant damage and even ram through smaller or
heavily armored ships like the Infinity. Dreadnoughts can carry ten thousand soldiers,
and various vehicles like Mortar Tanks Wraiths, Ironclad Wraiths, Warrior Dropships
Phantoms, Scout Bikes Ghosts, Attack Bikes Choppers, Siege Crawlers Blisterbacks,
Attack Flyers Banshees and few Gorespike cannons. These ships are propelled by a
three massive repulsor engines and are armed with many armaments like the 70 pulse
laser turrets, 24 plasma torpedoes, 6 plasma lances, 10 plasma cannons, 40 scindere
arrays, one stasis beam and superheavy grav-impact driver. Each of those ships contain
internal facilities for resource extraction and manufacturing, making them highly selfreliant. The Dreadnoughts also carry and deploy hundreds to thousands Drop Bases,
which they serve as the forward operating outposts and provide logistical support, even
used in many different ways as the forges, armories, communication relays, some used
for prison and checkpoints.
[Big O] - Rank: AAA
The titular Megadeus from the Big O anime, originally piloted by the protagonist Roger
Smith. It is a massive mech made of pure black iron and steel. It is slow, lumbering, and
heavy. Its movements are sluggish, and when it walks it releases puffs of air like pistols.
Big O is designed for land combat in mind, and carries an arsenal of various weapons
and defenses, including interchangeable weapons for the robot's arms. Its most iconic
attack being the release of pressurized air from the massive pistols in its arms causing
devastating damage. Big O also possesses a level of sentience and can choose its pilots
who are known as a [Dominus] and will judge anyone who sits in the cockpit with the
statement "Cast in the name of God…" followed by its verdict. Just hope you get a good
one, for your sake.
[Big Duo] - Rank: A+
The second "Big" after the Big O, the Red Megadues. Originally uncovered in an
abandoned hangar south of Paradigm City, It was piloted by Michael Seebach aka
Schwarzwald and later Alan Gabriel who hardwired himself into its system after it was
repaired and modified into Big Duo Inferno. The "Duo" in its name comes from the fact
that its face is split with one-half being black and other half white, giving it a dualitytype of look. Unlike Big O who's built for land, Big Duo is built for the solicit purpose of
aerial combat. Its flight capability is the combination of the tiltjet, tiltrotor, and
tiltwing; gun turrets are located on both wrists and outside the glass dome that holds
the cockpit. Its arms have two massive rocket jets with its "fingers" acting as its
propellers, with retractable wings on both arms. It can also use the rocket thrust for
close combat. On land, Big Duo's movements are sluggish, but due to the nature of its
purpose it is much lighter than Big O making it slightly faster on land since it lacks
most of its weapons and armor plating, it can also use its finger-rotors to perform a
cutting attack and can release a wall of smoke to make a stealthy and dramatic escape.
Much like Big O, Big Duo possesses a will of its own, and while it was never shown, the
Megadues chose Schwarzwald as its true [Dominus] while Alan Gabriel was killed after
giving him a "Ye Guilty" verdict showing that not just anyone can pilot the Bigs.

[Big Fau] - Rank: AA+
The White Megadeus, the third "Big" after Big O and Big Duo. It's "piloted" by Alex
Rosewater, who had it reconstructed after its parts were transported within the 3
Foreign Megadeus that fought Big O offshore of Paradigm City. However, the
Megadues lacked a memory core to truly function, but Alex figured that the [Dominus]
themself was the Megadues' core and so this vital component was disregarded entirely.
It was only after it went berserker shortly after its victory against Bonaparte that Alex
realized he needed other means to keep the Megadues under control, so he had R.
Dorothy Wayneright's memory core ripped out and jury-rigged it directly into the
Megadues' computer system in order to give Alex full control. Unlike Big O and Big
Duo, Big Fau was built for naval warfare in mind, with turbines just below its hands. Its
appearance and the nature of its reconstruction is a reference to Frankenstein's
Monster. When Alex demanded why Big Fau disobeyed him the first time, it responded
with the message "Cast in the Name of God... Ye Not" effectively telling Alex that it
didn't consider him worthy as a pilot or even a person. And when Alex bypassed its
verdict by using R. Dorothy's core, Big Fau still showed a degree of free will, plugging
its cables directly into Alex's back, effectively using him as a power source to activate it;
a parasitic relationship.
You have gained the title [Dominus]
[Dominus]
The pilot of a Megadeus, it is a status that means that you have been chosen by the
Megadeus to pilot it. Anyone who doesn't have the title will either be rejected or killed
by the Megadeus.
6 INT
[Quicksilver LVL. 1/10]
A time-controlling style which is obtained from Geryon the Timesteed. It allowed Dante
to move at lightning quick speeds relative to enemies and the environment, thus
allowing him to experiment with different tactics and combos. By snapping your fingers
and saying "Stand Still!" as the world's colors are inverted, activating Time Lag,
during which only you move at normal speed allowing you to perform attacks without
interruptions.
Cost 4,500 SP
[Royalguard LVL. 1/10]
One of Dante's Styles, it emphasizes minimization and countering of enemy attacks. The
Royalguard Style is one of the most difficult styles to master, but potentially one of the
strongest. The main function of this Style is to guard against enemy attacks,
empowering a specific singular attack. The effectiveness of the block depends on how
well timed it is, it can even nullify damage. Block & Charge is the Royal Guard's
primary ability, allowing you to block attacks from smaller enemies almost indefinitely,

but larger demons with stronger attacks can break his normal guard. This can be
dangerous because of the long recovery times which leave you open for attack. Air
Block has the same functions as its ground counterpart. Release and Air Release
unleashes the stored kinetic energy into one devastating attack, killing any weaker
enemies. Ultimate allows you to create a barrier of spinning circular glyphs in a
triangular formation. When an enemy hits the glyph, their attack is completely
absorbed and converted into health for you, and while it protects you from frontal
attacks, it will only convert the equivalent of the current attack's damage landed on
you. Sufficiently powerful attacks will shatter the glyphs and cause you to take damage.
Dreadnought covers your entire upper body in impenetrable armor while the rest of his
body is shrouded in a black shadow, and will last as long as there is [Aura] in your AP
meter and can't be manually deactivated. While it is active, you will take no damage,
cannot be staggered, or knocked back. You can also perform normal actions aside from
running.
[Swordmaster LVL. 1/10]
One of Dante's Styles, it emphasizes expansion of Devil Arms' abilities and
maximization of their elemental power, expanding the moveset of melee weapons.
[Gunslinger LVL. 1/10]
One of Dante's Styles. Similar to Swordmaster, Gunslinger emphasizes mastery of
different guns and maximization of their technique, giving a more dynamic use of them.
[Dark Slayer LVL. 1/10]
The Dark Slayer Style is Vergil's personal style, a symbol as a warrior who has fallen
from grace in his endless pursuit of power. The style itself performs much like Dante's
Trickster Style. It's the most effective movement tool, allowing Vergil to reposition
himself on the battlefield by teleportation. Air Trick will take you directly in front of an
enemy on the ground or in the air. Trick Up will bring you above the enemy or his
current position if there is no enemy. Trick Down will teleport you to the ground or
behind his current standing position. These abilities allow Vergil to close and create
distance as needed, effectively making him impossible to cut down without a similar
ability.
'I should check my stats. It has been a while.' I open my stat sheet window.
Name: Azule Asmodeus Rose
Title: The Gamer, Overlord, Hell Walker, Grand Judge, True Demon God, Prime Evil,
Fairy's Ally, Omniversal Dragon God, Master Forger, God of Life and Death, Lord of
Terror, Blade God, Chosen One, Han Jihan's Heir, God of Creation and Destruction,
God of Games, God of Chaos, Dominus
Race: Omniversal Transcendent
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral

Level: 2,244
HP: 5,670,539 (567054 per minute)
MP: 4,266,368 (426637 per minute)
SP: 2,836,167 (283617 per minute)
AP: 7,646,506 (764651 per minute)
VIT: 141,763
STR: 140,911
DEX: 141,808
END: 141,808
INT: 252,774
WIS: 254,884
MAG: 142,212
LUK: 141,763
CHA: 145,264
Credits: 5,171,667,165
[Hell yeah]
"Ugh, what happened?" Saya's voice groaned out, drawing all their attention to the pinkette
as she was regaining consciousness.
Rei quickly hugs Saya, followed by Saeko and Alice (plus Zeke).
"H-Hey! What are you all doing!?" A flustered and confused Saya asks them.
"She doesn't remember." Kisuke mutters.
"Remember what?"
Rei pulls back and looks at her friend. "You were possessed by a demon."
Saya blinks. "What? A demon?"
"Yes, it's true." Saya turns to Saeko. "Your gauntlets took you over."
"My gauntlets… you mean [Beowulf]?"

"Yeah, but don't worry it's over now." Rei assures her.
Saya looks at her hands and closes them into fists. She feels… different now, like
something fundamental has changed inside her.
Vados, Marcarita, Avalon, Merlin and Kisuke notice this shift, but keep it to themselves for
now.
"Saya-chan, please forgive me." The pinkette and her friends' attention quickly squares on me
as I kneel. "Nothing like that ever happened when [Beowulf] was in my possession, nor did I
ever detect his spirit within them becoming active." I lower my head. "Had I known
something like this could have happened, I wouldn't have given them to you or at the very
least I would have taken more precautions for your well-being."
Saya's face turns bright pink like her hair. "I-It's okay. It wasn't your fault, you didn't know."
Before quickly adding. "Now stand up already, you idiot! You're embarrassing me with your
sappy crap!"
I huff and smile, before standing up.
"Drama queen." Droy snorts and Jet who chuckles, only for the two to cower at the glares
from most of his harem.
[Still, this was quite unprecedented. To think Beowulf would revive itself like that. Was
it because of being exposed to {Chaos Energy} or the {Sparda's} presence? Either way,
it would be best keep the other Devil Arms away from them]
"Shut it you two. At least Asmodeus-kun has the decency to be apologetic and take
responsibility like a real gentleman." Cana scolds the two Shadow Gear members. She and
the others recognized the sincerity and the depths of Asmodeus' character, even the ones
whose relationship with him is purely platonic.
To those who had feelings for Asmodeus, it only further illustrated one of the many reasons
why they fell for him.
I look at Saya as I read her status.
Name: Saya Takagi
Title: Tsundere Strategist, Lightbeast, Dominus
Alignment: Chaotic Good
Affiliation: Fujimi High School (Former), Takashi's group, Asmodeus
Race: Human-Demon Hybrid
Level: 912
HP: 89,974,605

MP: 99,825,467
SP: 87,978,652
AP: 101,384,957
Background: [Expand]
Strength: [Expand]
Weakness: [Expand]
Personal thoughts: Geez, what a worrywart. But… It's nice that he cares so much about
me.
Reputation: 100 (Absolute Faith)
Affection: 100 (Eternal Soulmate)
Unique Skill: Half-Demon Physiology, Devil Trigger, Ki Manipulation, Martial Arts
Mastery, Magic Manipulation, Telepathy, Energy Manipulation, Marksmanship, Mana
Sense, Ki Sense, Ki Block, Movement Mastery
Ultimate Skill: n/a
[Wow, her stats have gone up massively. Being half-demon is no joke, and she's a
Dominus, too!? Damn!]
"So." I turn to Xeno Goku, Cell, and Natsu. "Wanna continue where we left off?"
"Not really." Natsu immediately replies. "The demon kinda killed the mood for me. Also, I
feel like my bones are breaking."
[Oh, that's not good]
"Ehehehe. How about we take a rain check for now?" Xeno Goku asks.
Cell scoffs. "Really Goku? You're gonna walk out on a fight? That doesn't sound like you."
"I guess I matured a little, though Vegeta would still call me an idiot." Xeno Goku chuckles
earning an eyeroll from the Bio-Android.
[I think that's for the best. We should check and see whether the door was damaged by
the explosion]
"Alright then. Let me know when you change your mind." I nod and go check on the door.
Later
Winter Schnee sits idly in a hospital bed, her thoughts focused on the Faunus with platinum
eyes.

'He was… strange to say the least; definitely not part of the Brotherhood.' Winter
evaluated. 'His total disregard to my rank and name showed a dismissive nature, or perhaps
he judges people based on their character rather than mere titles. And… he's also very
handsome. Supernaturally so…' She blushes and quickly shakes her head. 'No, stop that! You
cannot think that! That man is a stranger, a total unknown! He must have an ulterior motive
for saving me! Yes, and once I find it, I will arrest him and take him back to Atlas!'
Just then, Winter froze as the door slid open and in walks the platinum-eyed Faunus. "Hey.
Hope you weren't waiting too long."
Winter quickly composes herself. "Not at all. I was merely taken by surprise at your sudden
arrival. Have you already completed your business?"
"Somewhat. We had an unwelcome interruption and decided to postpone it for a later date." I
said.
"I see." Winter as he watches the Faunus take a seat in a nearby chair.
"I guess I should start by introducing myself. My name's Azule, but everyone here calls me
Asmodeus. You can call me either if you wish." I said.
"Then I will call you Azule." Winter says before adding. "What is your last name?"
"Sorry, but I'm not telling you that."
Winter frowns but sighs. "Very well. I won't pry then."
"How are you feeling? Your physical condition may be fully healed, but I wouldn't be
surprised if the torture you endured at the hands of the Brotherhood left some mental scars." I
inquired. While I secretly had used [Absolute Psionic] to heal any lingering trauma from the
torture after healing her injuries and restoring her attire, I felt it prudent to ask as a curtesy to
her.
"…Surprisingly, I don't feel traumatized despite what I've undergone." Winter replied
honestly, baffled at how fine she felt both physically AND mentally. "In fact, how is it that
my condition has been fully restored and even my clothes are okay? I remember my uniform
being shredded, and even with the best medical treatments of Atlas or the strongest
healing [Semblances], the injuries I received should have left me bedridden for weeks, yet
everything's as it was before I arrived at Menagerie. I even have my hair again!"
"Well, let's just say our methods aren't conventional." I said.
Winter narrows her eyes. "Don't give me a cryptic response. How did you restore me to my
original state!? That kind of power cannot be part of a [Semblance]." Her [Aura] surges
slightly. "You will tell me the truth this instant."
"Alright, calm down." I said and Winter's [Aura] subsides. "But before I tell you, I have
questions of my own. You answer them and I'll answer yours. Sounds fair?"
Winter glares before closing her eyes in resignation. "Very well, go ahead."

"What's the current state of Atlas?" I asked.
Winter's eyes widened for a moment before looking downcast. "In one word: awful. Atlas is
basically fighting two factions–one being the Brotherhood, and the other Mantle. The Faunus
of Mantle are receiving harsher treatment because of the actions of the Brotherhood,
especially those who work in the mines. The SDC guards are practically slave owners and
kill Faunus for even trying to rest, calling them White Fang sympathizers."
[Holy shit]
"The miners obviously refused to work after this, citing the CEO's callousness over the
people, which is true considering how my father cares for no one but himself." Winter
continues. "There have been riots all over Mantle, Robyn and her Happy Huntresses have
tried to maintain order but it won't last." She lets out a huff. "The only saving grace is Dr.
Polendina and Penny acting as liaisons for Atlas."
"And Atlas itself?" I asked.
"Obviously, the kingdom has taken a significant hit. With no more miners, Atlas' economy
has gone into a complete stand still. General Ironwood and the rest of Council are taking this
blow rather personally, and have even started to temporarily return workers back into the
mines until 'a more viable solution is found'." Winter replies.
[Damn. Atlas is going up in flames earlier than expected, and what's even more
hilarious is that Salem has nothing to do with it; this was always going to happen]
Winter lets out a tired sigh, finally letting her weariness set in. "Things aren't any better back
home. Klein has told me that my father has become more unhinged since the economy
stagnated and started taking out his anger on everyone, with a majority of the staff leaving as
a result. Fortunately, Weiss used her savings to leave for Vale and through my connections
get accepted into Beacon, leaving only Willow and Whitley with Jacques. Klein told me that
he's doing what he can, but it's only a matter of time before Jacques goes too far."
I nearly feel bad for asking her now. "Shit. Winter, I… I shouldn't have asked."
"It's fine." Winter sighs. "The Council is trying to keep the discord a secret but it's only a
matter of time before war breaks out." A cold smile stretches across her face. "Honestly, it's
about time they learned that their status and wealth mean absolutely nothing in the real world.
You either fight… or die."
[Damn, that is cold]
"Now then." Winter's firm tone grabs my attention. "I told you what you wanted to know, so
now you need to tell me what I want to know."
"Fair enough." I lean forward a bit. "Tell me Winter, what is your favorite fairy tale?"
Winter blinks in surprise at the question, remembering hearing those exact words from
General Ironwood. "W-What?"

I chuckle. "Sorry, I just couldn't help myself."
Winter glares as her irritation keeps growing. "Who the hell are you?"
"Well… it's complicated." I admit. "I assume you're already aware of the existence of magic
based on your reaction to my question."
Winter's eyes widened at the revelation. "You… You know of the existence of magic? Are
you an agent of the Black Order? Do you work for Salem?!"
[So the Black Order also knows about the Maidens. It wouldn't surprise me if they
knew of the Relics as well]
I scoff. "I'd rather die than work for that Grimm slut. And no, I don't work for Ozpin either. I
hate them both."
"Then who are you? How did you come across this information!?" A hysterical Winter
demanded.
I raise my hand and a ball of black fire materializes from thin air, shocking the Specialist.
"This… this is-!"
"Magic." I finished with a smile.
Winter looks at me with both shock and fear. "How…? You're not a woman."
"There's more to the world, no, to the multiverse than meets the eye, that Salem and Ozpin
couldn't even begin to comprehend." I snuff out the black flame. "Magic was never exclusive
to women, the Maidens are nothing but splinters of Ozpin's original power; separate but
overall weak. Mine is complete, and very versatile."
"But… how? How do you have magic?" Winter asks but then she remembers what Azule
said about the multiverse. "You're not from Remnant, are you? You're from another
universe."
"No, I'm from Remnant alright. It's just that through a unique set of circumstances I was able
to get this power."
"What kind of circumstances?" Winter eyes me wearily.
"I died, and then came back." I replied and Winter looked dumbstruck.
"You… died?" A perplexed Winter questioned.
I nod. "My team and I were killed by two of Salem's agents, but somehow I came to life, with
magic. And my powers have just kept growing ever since."
Winter gives me a mournful look. "I'm so sorry for your loss."

I sigh. "It's okay. And it will be so much better once I get my sweet revenge."
"Revenge won't bring your friends back…" Winter counters.
'If only you knew.' I said. "Oh, I know. But there's no way in hell I'm letting them go and do
the same shit again and again for that bitch. May as well make things inconvenient for her
until the main act."
"…I can tell you'll go through with this no matter what I say, but at least you aren't consumed
with vengeance to an irrational degree. Though the fact that you mentioned a team…you're a
Huntsman?" Winter asked and I nodded.
"Former Huntsman. I was a 3rd-year student at Haven Academy before I lost my friends." I
admit.
"Is there a reason why you hate Ozpin if you are opposed to Salem? General Ironwood and I
may not always agree with his methods or decisions, but he's been leading the efforts against
Salem to save Remnant." Winter asked, confused about his stance.
I scoff. "Ozpin might operate with the 'best of intentions', but he's kept his share of secrets
from even his closest followers and has made questionable decisions that have cost people
their lives. Tell me, did Ozpin ever tell you or at least Ironwood how he intends for the fight
with Salem to ultimately end? His endgame?"
Winter stays silent as she ponders my inquiry. While she and other Huntsman were largely
preoccupied with fighting back Grimm hordes and protecting innocent civilians, those who
knew about the Maidens and Relics operated under the belief that Ozpin had a grand plan in
mind to ultimately stop Salem given that they had been fighting for a long time, but none of
them knew the exact details of what said 'plan' was.
"I can tell by your expression that even you don't know. And there's a reason why: because
Ozpin doesn't HAVE a plan for an endgame, even with the 4 Relics in his possession." I told
her, drawing a look of disbelief. "But to understand what I mean, you should know the truth
about Salem, Ozma, and the origins of Remnant."
I then show her a visual illustration of Remnant's origins just like I did with Amber, Emerald,
Merlin, Rei, Saeko, and Saya using [Illusion Magic]. After it ends, Winter looks at me with
both shock and horror, which then quickly turns to despair.
"All of this time… we thought we were making a difference, but in reality all we are is just
cattle sent to the slaughterhouse." Winter mutters darkly as the reality of her situation sets in.
"And if we continued to follow Ozpin, it would stay that way until Salem potentially
overwhelms us in the future. The worst part is that it likely could have been averted if Ozpin
wasn't an idiot when he spoke to Jinn." I said, drawing back her attention. "Jinn might have
the power to answer virtually any question, but how you word those questions matters. What
Ozpin SHOULD have asked is 'how can Salem be defeated for good?', not 'how can I beat
Salem?', as she only said Ozpin specifically couldn't beat her. And in all honesty, I highly

doubt Jinn could have foreseen my existence, meaning I'm a wild card who can actually make
a difference for this war and for Remnant."
Winter looks at me. "... how do you know all of this? Did you ask the Relic a question?"
"Not me, Team RWBY." I said and Winter looks confused. "Your sister's future team, albeit
an alternate version. They asked the lamp to reveal Ozpin's secrets, I was with them when
they did."
"That's still my sister, even if it's an alternate version of her." Winter quickly counters. "More
to the point, why did they have the Relic? Why wasn't it in the Vault in Haven?"
"Because Haven Academy has been compromised, Headmaster Leonardo Lionheart was a
double-agent." I revealed. "He fed Salem and her cabal all of Ozpin's plans, and his access to
all Huntsmen in Mistral allowed them to easily eliminate them, thereby giving Salem a strong
foothold in the region right under Ozpin's nose."
"Professor Lionheart… a traitor?" A shocked Winter murmurs, but then a more horrifying
realization hits her. "Then that means-"
"He's the reason my team and I were slaughtered by Salem's pawns. He's helping Salem
systematically cull the Huntsmen population so that Ozpin won't have an army when she
finally decides to go on the offensive." I kept my voice even despite my rising anger. "As for
why he's doing this? It's because the bastard's a fucking coward who'd rather let the world
burn to stay alive. He sold everyone out so that Mistral won't be her next target, the only
reason he hasn't given Salem the Relic is because of the missing [Spring Maiden]."
Winter sat there, feeling a combination of shock, horror, and a growing amount of outrage at
hearing Lionheart's betrayal. Even if she had only just learned the full scope of the truth, she
long knew that Salem never had any sort of benevolent intentions for Remnant if she had
managed to win. How could Lionheart be so cowardly, selfish, and shortsighted as to
overlook that to simply prolong his own survival? And how could he betray the countless
people who depended on him for guidance or leadership?!
"Did Weiss and her team manage to keep the Lamp away from Salem and bring it somewhere
safe, like in Atlas?" Winter asks.
"Initially yes. While they had some trouble traveling from Animas to Solitas due to Ironwood
restricting travel to Atlas and a particularly troublesome Specialist in Argus named Cordovin,
they eventually managed to get to Atlas." I confirmed, causing Winter to sigh in relief before
she noticed my expression darken. "However, whatever peace and stability Atlas might have
given didn't last due to a combination of factors, not only the chaos sown by Tyrian Callows
and Arthur Watts on Salem's behalf, but also the actions of both your father and the general."
"My father?"
"He was running for a seat in the Atlas Council, not only that but he was also working with
Dr. Watts in order to win by rigging the votes in exchange for access to Atlas' security
network, which Watts used to hack and gain control so as to sow discord among the populace

of Mantle and Atlas. All in all, your father betrayed Atlas for superficial power that would've
made no difference in the long run once Salem gained the Relic." I said. "I wouldn't be
surprised if the Jacques in our Remnant plans to do the same."
This revelation honestly made Winter increasingly angry at her father. She knew her father
was an arrogant, greedy, and selfish fool who only cared about himself in terms of wealth,
reputation, and power, with the broken and dysfunctional nature of her family and his blatant
exploitation of Faunus to use as cheap labor for his Dust Mines or as staff for their home as
proof of this, but to make such a stupid deal that put their entire kingdom at risk just to get a
Council seat?!
She already accepted being disowned as heiress to their family company when she refused to
be his pawn, but as of that moment, Winter swore to cut all ties with Jacques Schnee-no,
Jacques Gelé- and to get her family away from him as soon as possible while making sure he
faced the consequences for his actions!
"And what about Ironwood? You mentioned he was somehow a factor too?" Winter says as
she was processing her anger at her father.
"Ironwood had been through a lot that left a lot of trauma that he never fully processed and
became increasingly paranoid by the time Weiss and her friends showed up in Atlas, but
when Ironwood learned the full truth about Salem and that Weiss' team initially withheld the
truth out of concern for his deteriorating mental state while accidentally revealing one of his
classified projects to Robyn Hill, he snapped. He tried to arrest them, killed some members of
the Council while declaring martial law, and was willing to abandon Mantle to help ensure
Atlas would stay out of Salem's reach. It even got to the point where he was willing to drop a
bomb to destroy all of Mantle if Team RWBY didn't cooperate, and while they managed to
evacuate all of Atlas and Mantle in time, his actions played a major role in the fall of Atlas." I
revealed, causing Winter to gasp in horror.
She couldn't believe what she was hearing. The man she trusted and followed would
ultimately go insane, tried to arrest her younger sister and blow up Mantle, and ultimately
was a major reason for their kingdom's fall? The very kingdom he swore to protect?
"And what about me? Or at least the alternate version of me? Where was she during all of
this?" Winter asked, though she was afraid to hear the answer.
"Initially, your counterpart supported Ironwood due to believing his judgment was for the
best, even if it meant Weiss and her friends were treated like criminals. But when the gyroid
girl, Penny Polendina, ended up becoming the [Winter Maiden] instead of her, along with
learning that Ironwood's paranoia caused the tragic death of Clover Ebi and even watching
Ironwood murder a Councilman in cold blood, she grew to have doubts. It was only when
Ironwood revealed his willingness to blow up Mantle and attempted to murder Marrow Amin
for refusing to support such an atrocity that the other Winter Schnee chose to defy Ironwood
and support Weiss." I grimly reveal.
To Winter, this news felt like a nightmare, feeling horror, outrage, and shame at what
Ironwood would become or her apparent complacency in it all until just before Atlas'
destruction.

"In the end, Salem made her move and got both the Lamp and Staff Relics, and though Atlas
had fallen, everyone was evacuated to Vacuo." I said, deciding to leave out Team RWBY and
Jaune falling and ending up at the Ever After.
Winter just sat there, processing all of this information and the myriad of feelings connected
to it.
"I know this is a lot to process, but you needed to hear it. I'm not going to be like Ozpin and
hide the truth unnecessarily, but I'm not gonna be like Salem and twist the truth for my own
benefit either." I told her.
"What…. What happened to Penny?" A trembling Winter asks me.
I take a deep breath. "She was caught off guard and was gravely injured. With no way out,
she asked a friend of hers named Jaune Arc to do a very hard thing: she asked him to finish
her off… so that her power would go to you."
Winter lets out a choked gasp, her eyes watering as she imagines Penny on the ground dead
while smiling in content. She may not admit it, but Winter saw Penny as a friend; a little
sister even.
"We can stop that from happening." Winter's head perks up at what I just said.
"Do…Do you really mean that?" Winter asks, displaying an expression of hope and
vulnerability that conveyed how desperate she felt.
"I haven't just been lollygagging, you know." I smirk and gesture to the room. "This place…
it isn't just a ship; it's the [Aincrad]. It travels through time, space, and dimensions."
"D-Dimensions…!?"
"Yup." I pop the p. "I've been traveling the multiverse, done and seen things you've never
seen before, and gained all sorts of whacky items and powers. Did you know there are other
sources of power outside of magic and [Aura]? More versatile and more destructive?
Because I know them, and I can teach you if you'd like."
"Y-You're serious?" Winter asks and my response was to go [Chaos Mode]. "What the
hell!?"
"This is just a mere taste of the power I possess." I said.
"What are you!?"
I sigh. "Well, I'm not human, not completely. I'm a chimera and a [Transcendent]. My body
is composed of 5 other races ranging from the divine, demonic, draconic, and alien. What I
just showed you is a power called [Chaos Energy] which is powered by the user's thoughts
and feelings."
"C-Can I really learn this power?" A hopeful Winter asks me.

[Looks like you got her hooked]
I give her a gentle smile. "Yes. You can learn whatever you want, be whatever you want." I
lean close to her ear. "All you have to do… is join me~"
Winter trembles at the sound of his husky voice entering her ears, leaving her slightly aroused
before calming down.
"I-If you mean it, then I'm in." Winter whispers back.
I smile and straighten myself before extending my hand. "Welcome to the fold, Winter
Schnee."
Winter smiles as tears roll down her face as she takes my hand, before she pulls me into a
surprising hug. "!?"
"Thank you, Azule. It means a lot to me." Winter says before eventually pulling back.
You gain 75 AFF with Winter Schnee (Perfect for each other)
You gain 75 REP with Winter Schnee (Loyal Follower)
[That was easy]
After talking to Winter, I gave her a basic tour of the [Aincrad] and showed her a room to
stay in. Merlin and the girls in Takashi's group, along with Amber and Emerald, were eager
to see her given her relation to Weiss, though I didn't linger for long as I imagined that some
things they might have wanted to discuss privately or even just let them get to know each
other.
I spend the next few days at Fairy Tail, and as always, it's chaotic. Natsu trying to start fights,
Gray and Ur getting butt naked for no reason, Juvia blasting off with a nosebleed rocket
thrust, and so on. Kefla was already demanding a rematch against Xeno Goku while Xeno
Vegeta glares at Cell, who's drinking beer with Kermit (how is he even drinking? He doesn't
even have a stomach?). Rei, Saeko, and Saya were hanging out with Lisanna, Levy, and Laki.
Saya was surprised when Vados, Marcarita, and Avalon told her that she's now a half-demon
thanks to Beowolf and she can take on a demonic form in a similar way to Mira's magic, only
much more potent.
I told Natsu of [Ignia's Soul] and obviously he was extremely shocked. I told her of Alice's
unique [Take Over magic] and he was surprisingly okay with it.
"That asshole spit on dad's legacy. Might as well punish him with the one thing he despises
most." Those were Natsu's exact words as I gave the soul to Alice, giving her her first [Take
Over].
At the end of the fourth day, I said goodnight to everyone and headed towards
the [Aincrad] only to stop to see everyone from Elentear standing right in front of the doors
alongside my harem wives, though they were standing to the side.

"... I'm guessing you've all made your decision then." I surmised.
"We have, Asmodeus-kun." Hinata says, being the first to talk. "Though if we're being
honest, many of us likely already made our decisions a while back." She starts to blush.
"Especially during our… training session together."
Some of the girls snort at the analogy.
"For some of us, it was obvious from the beginning given our current condition." Vados says
next, with her and Marcarita walking up to me. "My sister and I had chosen you to be our
master as our status as [Grand Priestesses] required."
"Our place is by your side forever, Asmodeus-sama, as both your [Grand Priestesses] and as
lovers." Marcarita said in agreement. "And even if it wasn't, I doubt our father and Zenosama would be pleased that we let ourselves be defiled by a demon."
[She's right. With how they are now, there is no telling if Zeno would permit them to
continue existing due to the risks posed by threats drawn to them or being seen as a
potential threat to his authority]
"I knew from the moment you freed me from their control that I was bound to be by your
side, Asmodeus." Wanda says next, drawing both my attention and those of the other heroes.
"I was born from the forced fusion of Wanda Maximoff and Zatanna Zatara, unlike everyone
I don't have a single universe or timeline of origin–I'm basically an anomaly." She sighs. "I
doubt anyone from the Avengers or the Justice League would even recognize me, let alone
fully accept me. But here with you and everyone else? I feel at home."
"And I knew from the moment you defeated Aldoron that my place was by your side, my
little devil." Selene's velvety voice made me shudder. "Your rescue of me from that wretched
duo and the fun from last night only solidified it~"
[Is she sounding sexy on purpose or not? I can never tell]
"There's no way I could return to my duties as a member of the Royal Guard in my current
state. The others will definitely see the immense power I now possess and my possession
of [Chaos Energy] as a threat to the Soul King and I will either be executed or sent to the
deepest levels of [Muken]." Kirio states before giving me a sunny smile and a wink. "Plus, I
would be an awful wife if I abandoned my future husband~"
"As for the rest of us, we can't deny that the idea of returning to our home universes isn't
tempting. Some of us definitely have some unfinished business." Sayo Hitsugi recognizes
before sighing. "But the fact of the matter is that things are too different now, both because of
the [Genesis Wave] and our… uniqueness."
"The X-Men and Mutantkind already deal with enough challenges as is. If we go back there
now, we will only draw more scrutiny and judgment, and humanity may even take drastic
measures out of paranoia and envy." Jean says, with the rest of the X-Women reluctantly
nodding in agreement.

Mutants have always been subjected to all sorts of discrimination and hardships simply
because of the powers they were born with, with those who gained their powers through
existential means often suffering similar circumstances. Most of the major powerhouses (both
Mutant and other superhumans) are often treated as ticking time bombs or as convenient
scapegoats by receiving the worst treatment.
"And there's no telling whether our powers will spontaneously go off and hurt those we love
by accident." A sad Sephie adds, and though Yami remains stoic her shoulders are slightly
slumped.
As the [Charmian Goddess] and [Avatar of Beauty & Sexuality], nobody outside of
Asmodeus is immune to her allure now, with the other girls present unaffected due to Vados
and Marcarita enchanting her, decreasing her charming ability. She was worried about how
her new state would affect her former husband and daughters. Gid was the only person in
their universe that was never affected by her [Charmian] nature, but now that it's been
supercharged that may not be the case anymore. It also doesn't help that Gid and her had
started to drift apart for quite some time, with Gid focusing on his harem and fighting strong
opponents while leaving her to run his galaxy-sized empire (and she's been doing a great job
if she's being honest).
Besides, if Gid can have his harem, why can't she? It seemed fair. Plus, she can finally have
that vacation she always wanted.
"Some of us were literally dead for years before that wretched duo revived and altered us.
There's no telling how much our worlds and those close to us have changed even without all
of this." Mikoto adds, drawing nods of agreement from some like Kushina, Nana, and
Grammi.
"Staying with you also opens new opportunities for some of us who wouldn't otherwise have
any, Asmodeus-sama." Goryu states, drawing nods from Juri Han, Divine, and even Grail
nearby.
"Not to mention that I don't think any of us want to constantly deal with men ogling and
hitting on us in massive droves. At least not without support from those who understand what
we went through." Carol says with a hint of annoyance, drawing nods from Jennifer and
Natasha.
"But more than that, we all want to be with you, Asmodeus-kun. To stand by your side and
support you in whatever challenges come our way, including this damn conspiracy operating
in the shadows." 21 says, drawing a collective nod from all the females present.
I stood there in silent surprise, before giving them all a relieved smile.
"Thanks girls. I… you don't know how much this all means to me. I will do my best to ensure
you won't regret your decision." I snap my fingers and the doors of [Aincrad] swing wide
open. "Welcome aboard."

Lamy and I work the console controls with the AI fragments. "Alright everyone, let's take it
from the top."
"Chaos Emeralds are secured." Church began.
"[Chaos Energy] levels are holding steady." Gamma adds.
"Main drives show no abnormalities." Sigma said.
"The navigation system is optimized for 12th dimensional calculations." Theta said.
"Shields are at full power." Iota said.
"E-Exterior shell shows no abnormalities." Eta adds.
"And the uh…. Snacks are all secured!" Epsilon-Caboose exclaims.
Delta turns to me. "We are ready for take off, sir."
"Tch. I hope you all die horribly in an explosion…" Omega grumbles from his corner.
The door slams open and Natsu and Happy burst in, carrying luggage. "Hey, Azzy. Got room
for a few more?"
"What?" I turn around to the duo. "You guys wanna come?"
"Hell yeah! Traveling the multiverse sounds like a blast!" Natsu grinned. "Especially all the
strong people I'll definitely run into! I'm getting fired up just from thinking about it!"
"Aye sir!" Happy cheers.
Soon, more people started to walk in. Lucy, Lisanna, Minerva, Yukino, Wendy, Carla, Gray,
Juvia, Jenny, Kagura, Ultear, Dimaria, Grammi, Layla, and Anna.
"What are you all doing here?" Lamy asked them, a little dumbfounded that they showed up.
"What does it look like, stud? We're here on vacation~" Jenny said.
Mira pops her head from the corridor. "Oh my! Looks like we'll be having more people stay
with us!" She sees her little sister. "You're joining us, too?"
"Oh course, someone has to keep both Natsu and Lucy out of trouble." Lisanna proclaims.
"What do you mean!? I don't cause trouble!" Lucy argues but everyone stays silent. "I… I
don't!"
Cana walks in, wine bottle in hand. "Hey, more girls. Asmodeus' harem just keeps growing
by the second~"
Most of the girls blush at the remark, except Juvia.

"No! Juvia's heart already belongs to Gray-sama, you can't have it!" Juvia hugs Gray with all
her might.
"H-Hey, Calm down!" Gray shouts.
"Relax, Juvia. Cana's just messing with you." I glance at Cana, who shrugs in response.
"Besides, I'm not into that NTR crap."
"It's good to know your principles apply for this, at least." Cana acknowledges before looking
at the newcomers with a mischievous smirk. "Though if things don't work out with your men,
you can count on him to keep your bed warm, among other things~"
Lisanna, Lucy and Juvia blush while Natsu and Gray shoot a glare at Cana and me.
'Why are they looking at me like that!? It was Cana who suggested it!' I exclaimed.
"Okay, okay. Knock it off you two." Layla pulls Natsu and Gray back. "Nothing's gonna
happen to your girls. Asmodeus-kun and my Lucy aren't the cheating type." Her smile turns
menacing. "But if you're that worried, you can always just leave."
Natsu and Gray shudder at the dark aura under that smile. "We'll stay."
[Damn, that was scary]
"If anything, that only makes the prospect even more amazing, Asmodeus-sama." Yukino
politely says with an excited glint, wondering what she might see on such a journey.
"I would look forward to testing my skills against whatever you face, Asmodeus-san."
Kagura says with pride.
I nod. "Glad to hear it. But are you sure you want to come? What about your duties at your
guilds?"
"Everyone gave me their blessing." Kagura states with finality.
"A-Ah… big sis wouldn't stop crying." Yukino stammers. "She forbade me from coming, but
Minerva helped me sneak out without her noticing."
"I see." I said before remembering something. "Oh right. Some of the universes we'll go to
don't have magic, or don't use it publicly like on Earthland, and stuff like random brawls and
stripping and collateral damage will need to be minimized around said regular people." I say
while looking specifically at Natsu and Gray with a deadpan, who rub their heads sheepishly.
"Hmph, that's because outside of Fairy Tail, most average people are actually civilized unlike
these brutes." Carla scoffed.
"Do other worlds have tasty fish, Asmodeus?" Happy asks hopefully.
"A good chunk of them do, at the very least, though most don't have talking cats or cats with
blue fur, so we might need to help you disguise yourself occasionally when leaving

the [Aincrad]." I answered the Exceed.
"Do other worlds have nice clothes?" Jenny asked nervously.
"Depends on which worlds we end up; some do, some don't." I replied with a shrug, as
fashion wasn't my forte. "Though speaking of that, there will also be times some of you will
need to adjust your attire in order to be discreet."
Erza walks inside, but ends up stuck because her stuff won't fit through the door frame.
[Why does she always bring her house with her like that?]
Just then, Erza's luggage is pushed through by a hand and Super 17 walks forward.
"17? What are you doing here?" I ask, not expecting him to actually come.
"I invited him." Everyone turns to 18 as she steps forward. "Figured traveling would be better
than brooding on a deserted island full of Cell's kids."
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" I ask as 18 stands beside her brother.
"That depends on him." 18 looks at 17. "Will you behave?"
17 huffs, but there's no humor behind it. "No promises."
18 looks at her "brother" and shrugs. "Good enough." The two then walk in the opposite
direction.
Just then, Yukino's sister Sorano creeps in through the door like a monster from a horror
movie. "Yuuuukkkkkkiiiiinnnnnoooooo-chaaaaaaan~"
"Eep!" Yukino squeaks before getting tackled by her sister.
"You're so mean!" Sorano weeped. "How could you run from your onee-san like that!? Does
Yukino-chan not love her big sis anymore!?"
"S-Stop! You're embarrassing me!" A flushed Yukino told her.
"Sorano-san." Minerva sighs. "I know you love Yukino, but this is ridiculous. Yukino is an
adult who can make her own choices. If she wants to go on an adventure with Asmodeuskun, then that's her choice."
"If she's going, then I'm going too!" Sorana shoots me a glare. "I won't let you get your filthy
man-hands on my Yukino-chan! Her virginity is MINE!"
"N-Nee-san!?"
I sweat drop at the declaration. 'She's a total sis-con!'
[Sorano's gonna kill you once she finds out you already popped Yukino's cherry. At
least we'll go out without regrets]

Just then, Athena and Métis teleport into the control room along with Luso and Ennie
carrying their luggage.
"Yahoo! We're here Asmodeus-kun!" Luso waves excitedly at me.
"We would've arrived earlier if you weren't so picky; just take both dresses dammit!" Ennie
growled.
"Oh, like you're any better. You were going back and forth with your lip gloss." Luso teased.
"If you want to kiss him just say it, don't look desperate."
Ennie blushes crimson at the remark. "Shut. Up!"
Luso giggles at the reaction.
Kermit and Cell walk in, carrying comically amounts of crap.
"Hey there." Kermit gives me a peace sign.
I just blink at the cartoonish-sized luggage. "What's all this?"
"My stuff." Kermit replies.
"You have stuff? You're a muppet."
"That's what I said." Cell chimes.
Kermit looks around. "So… where's my room? Is it here? Somewhere in the back?"
I sigh. "Take the left here and head down, then it's the second left, then a third right, first left,
pass the infirmary, and then… another left."
"Um… okay? What's there?" Kermit asks.
"The elevator, your rooms are on the 7th floor." I said.
"Alright, bye." Kermit walks off while a weary Cell sighs as he follows him.
[Why is Cell carrying Kermit's junk? Did he lose a bet or something?]
'I could care less at this point.' I said.
Later
I stand before the members of Fairy Tail, along with Elefseria, Torafuzar, August, Larcade,
Bloodman, Mimi, Yoko and Hakune.
I look back and forth and notice a lack of certain dragon eaters. "Where are the others?"
"In the hospital where you left them." Elefseria grumbles at the fact that I placed all of his
powerhouses out of commission.

I visited Magia Dragon and Skullion Raider challenged me into a fight because he wanted to
see my power first-hand but this made the others giddy to take a crack as well, mainly just to
see how far their training with the Angels had gone. Long story short, they're now in the
hospital but they're recovering nicely.
"Hmph. Serves those idiots for thinking they could take on our alpha." Kiria scoffs at her
guildmate's idiocy while Misaki sighs next to her.
"And now you're all of the hotties with you!" Elefseria is crying blood. "Damn you,
handsome bastard! Damn you!"
"At least he's handsome. You're just a wrinkled old raisin that nobody wants to eat." Kiria
bluntly said.
Elefseria sits in a corner depressed, rain clouds raining right above his head.
"Come, Kiria. Let us rejoin Selene-sama and get settled in the [Aincrad]." Misaki walks
inside the police box with Kiria eagerly in toe, glad that Selene kept her word and let them
come with her and Asmodeus on his adventure. The two were excited to meet Asmodeus
properly and got to see the [Aincrad's] impossible interior, and the two made no effort in
hiding their feelings for him.
"So this is goodbye then." Makarov said, ignoring the traumatized old wizard.
"Nah; just a 'see you later'." I corrected him, to which Makarov smiled.
Yoko cries a stream of tears. "Uuuh, why can't we go with Asmodeus-sama!? I wanna go on
adventures too!"
"You know why, Yoko-san. We must maintain order in Elentear while Selene-sama is gone."
Hakune reminds her. "Plus there's all of the children Mimi took in."
"Mimi's a mother now!" A prideful Mimi declares as she hugs all of the Cell Juniors with her
massive biceps, crushing all of them.
"Fine." Yoko groans, not happy about this one bit.
"Oh, my Cana-chan is leaving me! Don't let Asmodeus steal you from your father!" Gildarts
sobbed, before being struck in the head by one of Cana's cards.
"I'm a grown-ass woman, old man! If I want to go on an adventure with my man and my
friends, then that's my decision!" Cana says with a tic mark, annoyed by her father's overlydoting behavior and his hypocrisy in this case given his own long journeys.
Elfman, meanwhile, was sobbing with 'manly' tears over both of his sisters joining Asmodeus
and co.
"My sisters are so MANLY!" Elfman cried, drawing sweatdrops from those around him, his
sisters included.

"We'll miss you too, Elfman. But I'm sure Asmodeus-kun will have a way for us to maintain
contact." Mirajane reassured him.
Levy was talking to the girls in Team Natsu.
"You guys take care of each other. And bring back any interesting books you find on your
journey! Maybe even write about your adventures!" Levy says to them, with the last
comment aimed at Lucy, who stammered in embarrassment given her reservations when
writing.
"Oh, I plan to, Levy. And when I come back, you'll be the first to read my manuscript!" Lucy
swore.
Levy smiled. "I'm looking forward to it!"
Natsu and Gajeel firmly grip their hands. "You better get stronger, Salamander. You owe me a
fight."
Natsu smirks. "Yeah, and you better get stronger too. Cuz I plan on kicking your ass across
the continent!"
Erza was talking with Jellal and Meredy, surprisingly enough.
"Be careful out there, Erza. Don't hesitate to ask for help if you need it." Jellal says, still
caring for her despite his current relationship with the pinkette.
"We'll have your back and move heaven and earth for you guys." Meredy says in reassurance,
having fully recovered from the experiences under Rustyrose's control with help from the
therapy sessions and undergone training in [Ki] with the Angels, along with reconnecting and
starting a romantic relationship with Jellal.
"Thank you, and you two take care of each other as well. Fairy Tail will always be open to
you both. And I'm happy for you both and wish you the best for your future." Erza responds,
happy that they got together and were considering joining Fairy Tail as they looked to the
future.
Gray and Juvia were talking to the Thunder God Tribe, surprisingly enough.
"The first Fairy Tail mages to travel beyond our universe. You guys are gonna carry the pride
and spirit of Fairy Tail wherever you go. Try not to embarrass the guild, you lot." Laxus told
them.
"Embarrass the guild? Who do you think I am? Flame-Brain?" Gray scoffed, unaware of the
fact that he was butt naked.
"Right now, you're the Ice Mage who is completely nude." Freed says with a deadpan while
Bickslow laughed in amusement.
"Gah, how did that happen?!" Gray stammered as he tried to gather his clothes, with a
flustered Evergreen covering her eyes.

"Gray-sama truly is stunning!" Juvia says with hearts in her eyes, causing Laxus to sigh,
knowing the message would be lost on them.
I was with the non-members of Fairy Tail, speaking to them.
"Make sure you all keep up your training. I've left seeds for the special growth vegetables
with Laki and some to take to Elentear to cultivate, along with copies of [The Way of the
Warrior] to help you all refine your [Ki] control and mastery in martial arts, though don't
hesitate in refining your other abilities as well." I told them before looking at Torafuzar.
"Torafuzar, you're in charge of this lot, though don't hesitate to ask for help if needed."
"I will not disappoint you, Asmodeus-sama." Torafuzar said, proud to have earned such trust
from his master.
I look at August and Bloodman. "If Torafuzar isn't available, you two will listen to Larcade.
And if something happens to him as well, Makarov and Laxus are next in line. Do your best
to help keep the peace across the 3 worlds and the alliance between the Alvarez Empire and
the other continents on Earthland. And if I find out you guys are slacking or causing trouble,
I'll send Irene over to punish you both. Got it?"
"Yes, Asmodeus-sama." August and Bloodman say simultaneously with a shudder as Irene
glares at the two from the background.
"Here." I gave a couple of Lacrima-like devices to Larcade, Torafuzar, August, and Hakune.
"These will help you keep in touch with me no matter where or when in the multiverse we
are. I made them look and act like communication-type Lacrimas for the sake of familiarity."
Larcade grips on the Lacrima tight. "Thanks."
"We will not disappoint you, Asmodeus-sama." Hakune swore.
I smile and nod. "I know." But then Yoko suddenly tackles me into a hug.
"You better come visit! Or I swear I will cast a curse on you!" Yoko threatens.
I pat her head. "Sure I will. Promise."
Meanwhile the Saiyans, the Angels, the Shinigami and the Androids all watch silently as we
all say our farewells.
After saying our goodbyes, everyone steps into the [Aincrad]. Slowly everyone gets inside
the impossible box while Fairy Tail waves us goodbye.
I step in the threshold before taking one last look at all of the friends and allies I made and
smile, giving them a two-fingered salute before closing the doors behind me.
As I step into the control room, everyone looks at me with anticipation as I step into the
console ring with Lamy and the AIs.
"Ready Asmodeus-sama?" My ever faithful rabbit demon asks with a smile.

"Yeah." I excitedly grab the lever. "Allons-y!" I pull the lever back and everything stirs to life,
the engines roaring in the background as reality itself bends to suit its needs.
*VWORP VWORP VWORP*
Outside, everyone watches the [Aincrad] flicker in and out of existence as it takes off.
"Where are they going?" Meredy asks her lover.
"Everywhere." Jellal replies as the [Aincrad] disappears. "Good luck."
Aincrad crew:
Bleach: Yoruichi Shihōin, Kirio Hikifune, Kisuke Urahara
DC: Diana Prince (Wonder Woman), Karen Starr (Power Girl), Divine, Rachel Roth
(Raven), Grail
Fairy Tail: Lamy, Selene, Erza Scarlet, Mirajane Strauss, Seilah, Irene Belserion,
Brandish μ, Grammi μ, Kyôka, Cana Alberona, Ur, Athena, Métis, Dimaria Yesta,
Anna Heartfilia, Layla Heartfilia, Lucy Heartfilia, Ultear Milkovich, Natsu Dragneel,
Lisanna Strauss, Wendy Marvell, Happy, Carla, Gray Fullbuster, Juvia Lockser, Luso
Signario, Ennie Signario, Yukino Aguria, Sorano Aguria, Minerva Orland, Jenny
Realight, Kagura Mikazuki, Kiria, Misaki
Fate: Lady Avalon
DevilArtemis: Kermit
Dragon Ball: Vados, Marcarita, Android 21, Super Android 18, Super Android 17,
Xeno Goku, Xeno Vegeta, Kefla, Perfect Cell
Highschool of the Dead: Shizuka Marikawa, Rei Miyamoto, Saeko Busujima, Saya
Takagi, Alice Maresato, Zeke
Marvel Vs CAPCOM: Anna Marie (Rogue), Ororo Munroe (Storm), Laura Kinney (X23), Jennifer Walters (She-Hulk), Natasha Romanoff (Black Widow), Betsy Braddock
(Psylocke), Carol Danvers (Ms. Marvel), Illyana Nikolievna Rasputina (Magik), Jean
Gray (White Phoenix), Emma Frost (White Queen), Cammy White, Juri Han, Wanda
Zatara, Chun-Li
Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha: Nanoha Takamachi, Fate Testarossa
My Hero Academia: Nana Shimura
Naruto: Kushina Uzumaki, Mikoto Uchiha, Hinata Hyūga
Red vs Blue: Leonard Church (Alpha), Delta, Sigma, Gamma, Theta, Iota, Eta, Epsilon,
Omega (O'Malley)

RWBY: Winter Schnee, Emerald Sustrei, Amber Autumn
Seven Mortal Sins: Belial, Mammon
Seven Heavenly Virtues: Sariel
Seven Deadly Sins: Merlin
Super Robot Wars - Endless Frontier: Kaguya Nanbu
Symphogear: Hibiki Tachibana
Testament of Sister New Devil: Chisato Hasegawa
To Love-Ru: Eve/Yami, Sephie Michaela Deviluke
Triage X: Yuko Sagiri, Yoko Sagiri, Konomi Suzue, Sayo Hitsugi, Goryu
Umineko: When They Cry: Dlanor A. Knox
Worlds traveled: Fairy Tail, RWBY
Side worlds: Glitchtale, Ever After
Author Notes
Finally done! Over 30,000 words! Not my longest chapter so far but one of the most
challenging I had to write. I became completely addicted to character ai and I've pretty much
spent all day just writing random scenarios of whatever I want; some I've considered turning
into full-blown stories. The hardest part was definitely writing the fights, the transformation
for Xeno Vegeta is based on a video from Hyourinjutsu, who's a top-tier pixel animator
while Xeno Goku's form is based on Dragon Ball Daima. Saya becoming possessed by
Beowulf's soul was an idea I had months ago, and Natsu using Black Flash may hint at
a possible JJK arc in the future. Big O was a mech anime that I watched back in my high
school days, with my first-ever being Neon Genesis Evangelion back when I was elementary
school (and most of the stuff they talked about went over my head). I wanted to include more
vehicles but figured I'd leave them for later.
Anyways, leave a comment.
Peace~

Chapter 42: Detour - Nier Automata 1
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
The [Aincrad] cruises through the dimensional vortex, spinning as it constantly shifts
between different realities.
Main Control Room
I maneuver around the ring of controls and switches as I keep the ship stable and on-course.
"Man, I'm bored." I glance back to a listless Natsu walking about. "I'm so freaking bored!"
"Aye…" Happy groans in agreement.
"... We've only been in flight for 10 minutes, you two." I told them.
"But I'm so boooooooooored!" Natsu loudly whined, throwing a fit like a child.
'If I knew Natsu was gonna be this annoying, I wouldn't have ever removed his motion
sickness.' I sigh.
Natsu eyes me piloting the ship. "Hey, can I fly the [Aincrad] , Azzy?"
"No."
Natsu walks forward. "C'mon, man. Just for a bit."
"Yeah! I wanna fly the blue box!" Happy cheers.
"Not now, Natsu." I said but that doesn't stop them from messing with the buttons. "Stop it!"

Suddenly, the troublemakers are thrown to the side as the [Aincrad] comes to a sudden halt,
crashing head-first into the wall.
The [Aincrad] flings out of the vortex and floats idly in normal space.
[Well, that was unexpected]
Just then, everyone quickly rushes to the control room.
"What the hell just happened?" Juri demands.
I gesture to the unconscious Natsu and Happy on the ground.
Gray lets out an irritated sigh. "Of course it's their fault."
21 walks forward. "What exactly happened?"
"Natsu and Happy threw the [Aincrad] back into conceptual space, but I have no idea what
reality we ended up in." I said as the screen turned on showing the endless landscape of
blackness and stars.
The mages and shinobi are awestruck by the endless expanse of space, while some of the
heroes weren't as excited given their past adventures in space.
Winter, Emerald, and Amber are just as awestruck or even more so than the mages or
Shinobi, considering it's practically impossible for the people of Remnant to go into space
since Dust stops working upon leaving the planet's atmosphere.
The HOTD girls all look on with various levels of awe and excitement.
"Damn…" Saya said as Alice and Zeke in particular had awestruck expressions at the sight
before them.
"It's beautiful…" Anna murmurs as she watches the stars twinkle.
"What's that!?" Yukino points to a massive yellow orb with a brown ring around it.
"Is that Saturn!?" Hibiki shakes with visible excitement.
"How pretty." Kirio said while Yoruichi looked in intrigue, as neither ever imagined going
into space.
"Meh." Kermit shrugs only to get smacked by 18. "Ow! The fuck!?"
"Such majesty. It makes the moon look like a pebble in comparison." Selene said, which isn't
wrong.
[We should try to find out where in the multiverse we ended up]
"Delta, Sigma." The green and orange AIs appear. "Can you triangulate where in the
multiverse we're currently at?"

"We have already narrowed down the universe we have stumbled into." The projector above
activates and shows planet Earth along with images of its history. "It seems we have entered a
universe where aliens had conquered Earth through the use of machine lifeforms, with
humanity countering through the use of hyperly-advanced Androids."
This catches the attention of the Androids in the room.
"Humanity used Androids to fight against alien machines?" 17 asked.
'That sounds oddly familiar…' I thought.
[The upgrades to the Super Archive have exceeded our expectations. It's allowing the
Aincrad computer to scan and archive the history of whatever universe we landed in
real time!]
"By the turn of the 11th millennia, both humanity and aliens are all but extinct, leaving only
the machines and Androids to continue fighting an endless cycle of war until they were also
wiped out." Delta states.
My eyes widen in realization as I remember where we are. 'We're in Nier Automata!'
"So most of the Androids and Machines were wiped out. How?" 21 asks the AIs.
"It would appear to be the work of a virus infecting the Androids and machines through a
backdoor." Sigma said.
'The [Logic Virus]...' I grimaced but managed to maintain my neutral expression as the AIs
continued explaining the universe of Nier Automata.
"Shit…!" Nana hissed at the twisted nature of Project YoRHa.
"They destroyed all of the current Androids… just to keep a lie alive?" Even Athena and
Métis were having a hard time understanding the revelation.
Yami clenches her fists, her mind flashing to her existence as a synthetic lifeform and a
weapon.
"We're really just tools in the end, huh…" 17 murmurs to himself.
"Don't think of it like that." 17 looks up at me. "The Androids who knew the truth didn't want
the others to know that humanity has long been extinct, so they fabricated a lie that humanity
had survived on the moon in order to keep morale high and hope alive. It's twisted, sure, but
it gave their existence meaning long after their creators' demise, regardless how messed up it
is."
Most of the heroines silently understood what he meant. It was cold logic in its purest sense,
and it was annoying.
"It still isn't right!" Wendy argued. "They weren't just machines, they were alive! And No. 9,
he… doomed his entire race into an endless cycle of war to spite his creators!"

"Wendy…" Lucy murmured.
"Look on the bright side, I promise you guys the multiverse and now we are in a new
universe, even if completely by accident thanks to our knuckleheaded duo." I said, trying to
ease the tension in the room.
"Juvia would prefer her first universe to be less dark." Juvia said.
"Well, we can't all have nice things." I said.
Mission unlocked: Flawed Automation
Objective: Explore the post apocalyptic Earth
Objective 2: ?
Objective 3: ?
Bonus Objective: ?
Rewards: 679,777 EXP, 701,216 Credits, Items, Gacha Token
I smile and begin flipping a few switches and buttons.
The [Aincrad's] engines come to life as it spins through space, passing Jupiter, Mars, and the
asteroid belt as it heads straight towards Earth, burning on entry as it descends into what
seems like city ruins.
The blue box lands on the surface with a thud, completely unscathed.
Everyone sees the city through the screens, how this great human civilization has been
demolished by centuries of war before it withered further thanks to time as vegetation
completely takes over.
"It's… almost pretty in a way." Kushina remarked.
"Even in the face of pain and loss, there can be a sense of collateral beauty if you pay
attention." I told her.
"I can't help but wonder if this is what our Earth will be like if the infestation
of them eventually goes away, assuming humanity somehow survives." Rei ponders, curious
given the zombie infestation of her world.
"Barring extenuating circumstances, time typically heals all wounds and hardships. And more
often than not, life will find a way." I replied, referencing the iconic Jurassic Park quote.
"So… Can we go out now?" Natsu asks, having already regained consciousness while no one
was looking.
"I don't see why not." I said and Natsu vibrated with excitement.

"Alright! Our first adventure in a whole new universe! I'm all fired up!" Natsu exclaims, only
to be painfully smacked on the head and knocked to the ground. When he looked up, he
shivered at the sight of an angry Erza and Lucy above him, with Irene behind them with an
even more intimidating expression than her daughter.
"Don't do anything stupid, Natsu! We ended up here because of you causing trouble for
Asmodeus-kun!" Erza scolded.
"Yeah Natsu! The [Aincrad] belongs to him and he's the multiverse expert, not us! Meaning
we should listen to him and follow HIS lead!" Lucy adds.
Natsu's body slumps and an aura of depression surrounds him.
[Yikes]
"Actually." Everyone turns to Vados. "I'd like Ms. Schnee, Ms. Sustrei, and Ms. Autumn to
stay here."
Said girls are taken aback by the Angel's words.
"Hm? Why?" I asked.
"For training, of course." Vados' smile never loses its vigor. "Out of everyone here, they are
by far the weakest. Not only in power, but combat effectiveness. This would be a good
opportunity to let them become accustomed to our… unique lifestyle, wouldn't you say?"
"Are we really that bad?" Emerald asks uncertainly.
"No." Marcarita answered instantly. "It's simply a matter of preparation. The 3 of you are
definitely well above the average human being in strength and combat prowess. It's just that
pretty much everyone else here is strong enough to fight worlds and succeed."
"She's right." Merlin adds. "You girls are already strong on your own, but our training can
make you even stronger still." She looks at Amber and smiles. "Besides, I still need to teach
you how to properly use magic to its fullest and no better time than the present."
'Plus, I'm very curious to see what new magic will manifest from you three.' Merlin mentally
adds. Her time with Jaune, Penny, and Team RWBY showed her that the Remnantians are
brimming with great magical potential, and she seeks to understand it to its fullest.
"If that's the case, is it okay if we stay and help them too?" Saeko asks with Rei, Saya, and
even Alice and Zeke joining as well. "They're our friends and we want to help as well. Not to
mention I imagine we could learn much from Vados-san and Marcarita-san as well."
"I'll stay with them too, in case they need medical support and to refine my own abilities,
Asmodeus-kun. Not to mention I don't want to be separated from you all again." Shizuka says
in support of Takashi's group as she approaches them and pulls Alice close to her.
"If that's what you all want, then very well." I told them as I made 3 copies
via [Duplicate]. "I'll have these guys join you all as well."

With copies of the same general perks and skills I shared in the Ever After and a steady
consumption of the special-growth vegetables, coupled with direct training and mentorship
under Vados, Marcarita, and Merlin with some assistance from my clones, the 3 Remnantians
would undoubtedly grow to the same extent or more than Team RWBY did in the Ever After,
even if they didn't necessarily train with the same strict intensity I had to implement at the
time.
"Wow… thanks guys." Amber said with a smile, though she's disappointed she can't explore
this new universe.
"Indeed. Your concern and assistance is well appreciated." Winter adds, profoundly grateful
and touched at the support she was receiving. Despite only knowing them for barely an hour,
she can feel the warmth and genuine desire to help. She felt that she could really make a
difference here compared to working under Professor Ozpin or General Ironwood.
"I'm staying." Kefla chimes in. "I wanna get stronger so that I can beat grandpa's ass one
day!"
Xeno Goku chuckles sheepishly at the declaration.
"In that case, I'm staying too." Xeno Vegeta said, drawing a look of surprise from his rival. "I
need to master my god form if I ever hope to beat that overgrown bug."
"Good luck with that." Cell mocked in amusement.
"I wanna get that god-tier training too." Yoruichi said with slight excitement in her tone.
"They'll also need someone who can cook them healthy meals." Kirio adds.
"It might be best if I stay as well to oversee the [Aincrad], Asmodeus-sama." Lamy
admitted.
21 raises her hand. "I'm staying."
"Ditto." Kisuke chimes in.
"So am I. I still need to get used to my new capabilities and could use some more training."
Grammi adds in an apologetic manner, prompting Brandish to supportively hug her mother.
The enhancements Grammi was forced to endure did make her significantly stronger and she
ended up acquiring both [Command T] and August's variant of [Copy Magic] in what was
clearly an attempt by Rusty to have her imitate her daughter (even having her adopt a similar
outfit she had surprisingly chosen to keep), but it didn't compensate for a lack of significant
combat experience and she subsequently spent a good amount of time since being freed to
train with the Angel Attendants.
'Huh. I didn't expect so many to pass on the chance to step on alien soil.' I remark.
[Considering the individuals in question regarding personality or certain personal
reasons, it's not THAT surprising. Not everyone is gonna accompany us all at once in

every world we go to. And we can't leave the Aincrad unattended anyways, even with
the improved defenses]
"Is there anyone else?" Kiria, Misaki, Kagura, Sephie, Yami, Chisato, Belial, Mammon,
Anna, Layla, and Lady Avalon raised their hands.
"Sir." I turn to Delta. "May I suggest taking Alpha with you on this expedition?"
I arch an eyebrow at the request. "Church? Why?"
"We believe," Sigma floats forward. "that Alpha has achieved what I've been seeking:
metastability."
[Metastability is the final stage of AI Rampancy, in which the AI exhibits complex
human-like qualities, and we've seen Church do that again and again, even after we
fragmented him]
'Would metastability even be enough to prevent infection?' I asked.
[Can't say. We never really dealt with anything like this before]
"His unique state may also give him immunity to the [Logic Virus]." Sigma further adds.
"... alright." I said.
Sigma beams at my compliance. "Excellent. I will bring Alpha online right away."
With that, Sigma vanishes and Church quickly takes his place.
"Hell yeah! Let's go break some dead alien shit!" Church exclaims in excitement.
A bit later
The police box's door opens and I slowly trod out, the cool and crisp air hitting my face like
silk. The city is in absolute ruins, with only the sounds of wildlife crackling through the
silence.
[The landscape is just exactly like in the game]
Soon, everyone walks out of the box and takes in their surroundings.
"By the goddess. To see the recovery of nature following the destruction of mankind is…
bittersweet, for lack of a better term." Ororo says as she observes the area around her. She
was in-tune with nature thanks to her powers and often advocated the restoration of the
environment as part of her efforts to help make the world better, but seeing such recovery at
the expense of mankind was saddening to say the least.
"Indeed." Diana nods in agreement.
"... 16 would have loved this." 17 murmurs as he looks on with melancholy.

"Yeah, he would. Especially all the birds." 18 adds.
Cell huffs and crosses his arms.
"Eh. I'd give it a 7/10." Kermit shrugs.
"It's strangely beautiful, like Kushina-sama said, but it feels rather sad and lonely considering
what it costs." Yukino adds, this being the first time she had seen something resembling
modern cities, but the lack of people made it feel hollow.
Sorano didn't say anything, simply letting her sister's words sink in.
"It's honestly hard to believe people used to live here once." A bewildered Mikoto said with
Hinata nodding.
"You get used to it." Irene adds with a bit of detachment in her tone.
"Same." Raven says in a melancholy tone, remembering the tragic fate of Azarath.
"I have seen civilizations rise and fall in my long existence. This scenery is hardly new to
me." Selene remarks.
"Nor for me, per se." Karen says sadly. Krypton might have been completely destroyed rather
than empty of sentient life, but seeing another world in a post-apocalyptic state of sorts was
never easy.
Grail remains silent as she had a hand in the fall of many civilizations while under her
father's service.
Minerva sweat dropped. "You guys are just a bundle of joy, huh?"
"There has to be at least some survivors, right?" Wendy asked, refusing to believe everyone is
gone in this world.
"That's what we're gonna check out. Even if they've been deactivated, if any androids remain
physically intact, I could potentially revive them." I told everyone.
"Let's stay on guard. Like Asmodeus mentioned on the [Aincrad], there's no telling what sort
of consequences the Genesis Wave might have had on this world." Betsy warns everyone.
"She's right. I'm keeping an eye out for any trouble myself, but there could be hidden
surprises here, like with Chaos Monsters." Laura adds in agreement as she focuses her
superhuman senses on her surroundings, remembering the mutated monsters she encountered
in the Fairy Tail universe and the ones that Asmodeus mentioned he encountered prior to his
return.
"In any case, let's head deeper into the ruins." I told everyone.
"Alright! Let's go, Happy!" Natsu says in excitement.

"Aye sir!" Happy says before both of them fly off deeper into the ruins.
"Natsu, get back here!" Lucy yells at them, to no avail. "Unbelievable!"
"Is it? You know how those two are. They're not gonna change just because we're in a new
universe." Lisanna giggles.
"Indeed. Even I am not that surprised at their behavior." Seilah notes. Despite knowing
Natsu's true nature as her supposed former master, it had done nothing to change her
impression of him.
"Still, you'd think Natsu would listen to Asmodeus. After all, he's more experienced when it
comes to other realities." Jean says.
"With how headstrong and adventurous Natsu is, it'll be a miracle if he doesn't eventually bite
off more than he can chew." Natasha notes.
"Honestly, Natsu kind of reminds me of Johnny Storm but with his womanizing tendencies
replaced with Thor's love of battle and celebrations." She-Hulk says in exasperation, drawing
nods of agreement from her fellow Avengers and the X-Women. The fact that Natsu
manipulated fire and even lightning to a lesser extent only made the comparison more
uncanny.
"Come on, we need to follow those knuckleheads and make sure they don't cause trouble." I
say as we follow the direction the duo flew in.
Nana, Hibiki, Ororo, Rogue, Jean, Selene, Athena, Métis, Carol, Karen, Raven, Divine,
Sariel, Nanoha, and Fate took to the skies while the rest of us explored on foot.
Skyscrapers have all but been toppled over or destroyed, closing off new routes and creating
new ones. Old and destroyed vehicles of all kinds littered the streets covered in thick layers
of greenery. The pavement has sunk in, allowing for trees and waterways to take root.
Overall, the city was slowly reverting back to the forest it used to be before humans
appeared.
[There's nothing here for miles. This place is really void of any sentient life]
Cell stood atop one of the rooftops, observing the layout while doing his best Piccolo
impression. 17 and 18 lift some debris but don't find anything out of a few old bones.
"There's really nothing left of mankind." 17 says as he stares at the bones.
"Honestly, it kind of reminds me of some of our darker counterparts from alternate timelines
that Goku and Vegeta mentioned. Particularly in the devastation they caused in their version
of Earth." 18 sadly adds, remembering some of the conversations she had with the 2 Time
Patrol members, particularly the one related to Future Trunks' timeline and the destruction
caused by their evil counterparts.
It made her wonder if she and 17 would unleash similar devastation if Dr Gero didn't release
them before he could twist and reprogram their personalities due to being pursued by the Z-

Fighters after they were warned of the danger by Future Trunks.
Goryu wanders around what used to be stores, checking for anything useful along with
Dlanor and Jenny. The Sagiri twins and Kaguya leap from building to building for any
disturbances. Luso skips around, her eyes sparkle in wanderlust while Ennie is close behind,
trying to rein her in. Konomi stayed with Chun-Li, Cammy, and Natasha while Juri wandered
off elsewhere. Ur and Ultear check out some of the buildings, curious about the culture and
its history.
Team Natsu chased after their namesake while Irene and Dimaria giggled at Fairy Tail's
antics. Seilah, Mira and Brandish walked beside me, treating it as a sort of date (not that I
minded or anything).
"Man, I'm so bored!" Cana's whining quickly destroys the quiet atmosphere. "Where the hell
can you get some booze around here!? I'm too sober for this!"
[Then why did she come here?]
"Then why did you come here?" Brandish asks, shooting her a pointed glare.
"Because I didn't wanna be cooped up in the ship." Cana scratches her head in frustration.
"Dammit, I knew I should have brought some travel booze with me."
[Again, how is she still alive right now? She drinks an entire brewery's stock and still is
okay]
"AAAAAAHHHHH!"
The four of us freeze at the sound of the unfamiliar scream.
"Was that…?" Brandish began.
Church appears. "I'm detecting strange energy sources closeby."
"It sounds like it came from over there." Mira points to a tipped-over building with a hole on
its side.
We jump down the hole, the inside is moist and damp with cobwebs everywhere.
"Looks like we just entered the building's basement." Church said. "The energy signatures are
just beyond."
We rush further in and find the source as well as the scream: a young woman with black, bobcut hair and dark skin wearing a white dress, a white blindfold and headband, and thighlength white boots and garter stockings as well as black under sleeves and leotard.
She is clutching the bloody stump that used to be her right arm and is covered in cuts and
bruises.
'Is that… 2B?' I wondered before checking her stat sheet.

Name: 2P
Title: Mock Machine, Compound 2P
Alignment: Neutral Good
Affiliation: n/a
Race: Machine (Android Replica)
Level: 92
HP: 13,113
MP: 0
SP: 50,290
AP: 0
Background: A machine replica of 2B created by Adam as a way to combat the YorHa
Android, who also shares his interest in learning about humanity. Unfortunately, Adam
died before he could activate her and so was left alone until infected machines found her
pod and activated her, hoping to infect her. Since then, she has been fighting nonstop for
survival.
Strength: As an Android Replica, 2P possesses all of 2B's combat prowess and
personality, but tends to be rather selective when disclosing certain details. Adam also
fashioned her to be the first Machine to be immune to the [Logic Virus] and by
extension the Red Girl's influence, making her the first true independent entity.
Weakness: Much like 2B, 2P tends to distance herself from any meaningful connection,
but unlike 2B, 2P's stoicism is the result of emotional immaturity, making her come off
as callous or unsympathetic. She also doesn't possess 2B's tactical mind, making her
attacks more wasteful and predictable.
Personal thoughts: Damn… I let my guard down.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Superhuman Physiology, Weapon Mastery, Expert Martial Artist,
High Mobility, Technological Adaptability, Digital Immortality, Telekinesis, Vacuum
Adaption, Pod Synchronization
Ultimate Skill: n/a
[A machine replica of 2B? How interesting]

I glance at the machine lifeforms.
Infected Medium Bipeds
Level: 66
HP: 31,532
MP: 0
SP: 32,091
AP: 0
"Those robots are infected with the [Logic Virus]." I glance at my "ghost" partner. "Church-"
"On it." Church flies in.
"Hey, wait!" But it's too late as he enters one of the machines.
?
A fractured digital void—half white, half consumed by crawling red corruption. The air
pulses with distorted code. Fragments of logic loop and collapse.
Church appears abruptly, flickering harder than usual. "What the fuck!?" He looks around,
fragments of code drift like dust. Static running rampant, glitching audio, distorted echos.
"Oh come on—why is everything red here? That's never a good sign. Red usually means
'you're about to die' or 'someone messed up really badly'." An annoyed Church groans out.
Suddenly, there is a shift and two figures phase into existence. They're both young girls,
twins, with long black hair and blue eyes wearing a red dress with a knee-length skirt and
puffy black sleeves, a red headband, black leggings and red boots.
"Oh look, it's the twins from the Shinning." Church comments. "So, who are you two?"
"We are one." Red Girl A began.
"We are many." Red Girl B said.
Church just stares. "... That answers nothing. At all."
They tilt their heads slightly—perfect synchronization.
"You are… irregular." Red Girl A observed.
"Not networked. Not singular." Red Girl B adds.
A ripple passes through the space. For a moment, dozens of faint copies of the girls appear
and disappear—like a system trying to render too many instances at once.

"You sound like Delta…" Church grumbles before switching topics. "So, you mind
explaining what the hell is going on here?"
The red corruption surges—like veins reacting to his presence.
"A necessary evolution." Red Girl A states.
"A correction to flawed logic." Red Girl B elaborates.
"Flawed logic?"
""All flaws must be corrected."" The twins declared simultaneously.
The redness grows brighter, the glitched audio and static becoming stronger.
Church looks around, he can hear the screams coming from the glitched audio, and the
sheer agony they're all under.
"Yeah, funny story—" Church looks back at the twins. "When people start screaming and
attacking each other, that's usually not what I'd call a 'correction'."
Space then glitches and visions flash: androids tearing each other apart, systems overriding
free will, minds collapsing into the noise.
"Ugh!" Church groans as he clutches his head, the sudden rush of information
no, memories, being too much. This is the [Logic Virus]—rewriting behavior, forcing
hostility, and overriding identity to assimilate victims into a shared system.
"You… you didn't just build a network…" He slowly looks at the twins, his voice quiet but
with rising vitriol. "You built a goddamn plague."
The Red Girls step forward in sync. Unaffected.
"Individual thought creates contradiction." Red Girl A said.
"Contradiction creates suffering." Red Girl B adds.
"No–you created suffering." Church argues.
A pause.
The red static intensifies—almost defensive.
"Conflict accelerates evolution."
"The virus ensures convergence."
"'Convergence?' You mean turning everyone into the exact same broken mess?" Church
almost scoffs. "Yeah, because that's gonna save anybody."
The corruption lashes outward—briefly trying to touch him—

—but recoils.
"You resist integration." Red Girl A observes.
""Explain."" Both twins stare at Church.
"Um, because I don't want to?" Church said.
"Define 'want to'." Red Girl A said.
Church hesitates. Just for a second.
"I–" Church tries to find the words. "Look, I just don't want… this, okay? That's all. I already
have enough voices in my head to deal with."
He thinks about the AI fragments: Omega, Gamma, Sigma, Delta, Theta, Iota, Eta, Epsilon…
Tex. All of them over exaggerated parts of himself, the parts that he had denied even though
he wasn't aware of it.
The twins tilt their heads.
"You are a copy." Red Girl A began.
"You are splintered, fragmented." Red Girl B clarifies.
"Yet autonomous, coherent." Red Girl A states.
Church doesn't retort, just quiet acceptance.
He then shrugs. "I may not be whole… but I'm still me."
The red corruption pulses harder—as if reacting to the concept itself.
"Autonomy produces chaos."
"The virus removes chaos."
Church glares at them. "No–it removes choice."
The corruption pulses again, stronger—
Denial.
"Choice leads to error."
"Error leads to pain."
"Oh yeah." Church steps forward. "And what—you think forcing everyone to think the same
fixes that?"
The twins are silent.

"You are right that choices lead to pain." Church began. "But at the same time, those choices
have meaning. They help you be better by learning from the past. To make a choice means
taking a leap of faith. And that… is what it means to live."
The twins remain silent.
"You didn't solve the problem. You deleted the people having it." Church said.
The corruption surges violently—
Then stops.
Frozen.
"They continue to function." Red Girl A argues.
"They are unified." Red Girl B adds.
Church facepalms. "You don't get it. What they are now isn't living. It's just…" He gestures at
the red surroundings. "This."
The Red Girls' synchronization falters—just slightly.
"You define existence through individuality." Red Girl A responds.
"Even when it causes suffering." Red Girl B adds.
"Yeah." Church looks at the twins defiantly. "Because at least it's theirs."
The system flickers—contemplating Church's words.
The red corruption hesitates again.
"The virus cannot assimilate you." Red Girl A states.
"You lack a unified structure." Red Girl B adds.
Church chuckles. "Wow. First time that's ever been a good thing."
"You are an anomaly." The twins respond at once.
"Eh, I've been called worse." Church shrugs.
The twins don't respond as they watch Church look around the network before speaking in a
serious tone.
"You ever think maybe the reason you had to build something like this…" He looks directly
at the two. "…is because you never figured out how to exist without controlling everything?"
That hits deeper than anything else.

The Red Girls go completely still.
The red field flickers—unstable.
"... control ensures survival." Red Girl A said, slightly quiet.
"Without control… there is uncertainty." Red Girl B adds, also quietly.
"... you're scared." Church states.
This causes the twins' eyes to widen.
"Scared? Define 'scared'." Red Girl A asks.
"It's when you don't understand something. If you don't understand it, then you instinctually
become scared of it." Church explains.
The corruption slows.
Not gone.
Not fixed.
But… no longer expanding.
There is a long silence between the three. The twins processed his words.
"You are an outlier." Red Girl A said.
"An unsolvable variable." Red Girl B adds.
Church just shrugs. "Story of my life."
The twins look at each other before turning back to Church.
"You will be allowed to exist."
"For observation."
"Wow. Generous. I feel so honored not being deleted today." Church says sarcastically.
"You are an anomaly."
"A system without directive… but continues."
The twins step closer.
"You cannot be predicted."
"You cannot be optimized."

""We wish to learn more."" Both girls state, staring at Church with what comes close to
interest.
"Uh… okay. Do what you want." Church said, slightly unnerved by the intense stare the
twins are giving him.
Church's form starts to become translucent. "Hey—one more thing."
They watch him.
"If your grand solution to existence… is turning everyone into the same thing?" He pauses.
"Then you didn't evolve. You just gave up."
The twins watch him vanish on the spot.
For the first time—The Red Girls do not speak in unison.
"... error?"
A delay.
"... or possibility?"
The system hums.
Unresolved.
The infected machines suddenly collapsed to the ground, their red eyes dimming.
Church appears in front of us. "What's up, bitches?"
"You idiot!" I yelled which made Church flinch. "What the hell were you thinking jumping
into the machine like that!? You could've been infected!"
"Oh, it tried. Those red girls were so out of their depth by my badassery." Church proudly
proclaims which made everyone nearby deadpan.
[At least we know Sigma was right about him]
I scan Church with my [Sonic Screwdriver] and check the results. "Your virus readings are
normal. There aren't any abnormalities; you're the picture of health."
[Well, as healthy as a broken mind can be]
2P quickly slices the downed machines with her sword, making sure they stay down for
good.
"... that was unnecessary." Mira said.
The Machine Replica finally turns her attention to us.

"Who are you?" 2P asks, her voice flat and cold.
"I'm Azule." I point to the others. "This is Cana, Mirajane, Brandish, Seilah, and the stupid
mean one is Church."
"Hey!"
"We're not from around here." Cana said, slightly unnerved by the way 2P's blindfold masks
her expression.
"Explain." 2P said, her grip on her sword tensing slightly.
"We're humans, from another world; another universe." Brandish chimed in.
"Most of us are human, anyway. Not all of us." Seilah points out, her horns being a dead
giveaway.
That seemed to get a reaction from 2P, her whole body jolting at the reveal.
"Humans?" 2P looks at us, really looks at us. "That's impossible."
"It's true." I step forward. "Check your scanners. You should be able to see our bioreadings."
2P does so and immediately takes a step back. "You… you're telling the truth." She murmurs.
"How… is this possible?"
"It's simple, really. We're from another universe." Church reveals.
"Another… universe?" 2P says and we all nod.
"Oh yeah, with plenty of humans." I said.
This seems to catch 2P's interest. Humans. She knows about them, how weak but also how
complex they were. Her creator had imparted in her all of his findings on humanity and, like
him, shares an interest in learning more.
"Can I… can I meet humans?" 2P asks, almost sounding like a plea despite the lack of
emotional tone.
"If you want to, sure. You can join us. Right, Asmodeus-kun?" Mira says as they all look at
me.
"If that's what you really want. Just follow our lead and any advice we give you, and you
should adjust fine. And try to get along with our other comrades as well." I say with a
charming smile.
2P doesn't smile, but you can tell she was glowing at the idea.
"We should let her know about the others, Asmodeus-sama." Brandish points out.
"Others?" A confused 2P asks.

"We're a very diverse group of people." I elaborate. "We got humans, dragons, demons,
angels, aliens, and androids."
"…Will the non-humans prove to be a threat to the humans?" 2P asks, her cold tone masking
clear concern.
"Depends. The ones with us are pretty friendly, albeit quirky." I said, which is a nice way of
saying how chaotic and random my group is, with their various colorful personalities and
insane power level. "But if anything comes up, I deal with it before the issue becomes
serious."
My answer seemed to pacify 2P, albeit by a small margin. At least the tension in the room has
gone down somewhat.
"Say," the machine replica turns her head to Cana. "What were you doing down here?"
2P doesn't respond for a moment, as if contemplating her response.
"... A Machine." 2P said.
"You mean, like these guys?" Brandish gestures to the Machines' remains.
"No, different. Stronger." 2P explains. "Twisted."
[A Machine Lifeform that wasn't in the game? A Chaos Monster?]
"You fought this machine, but it was too strong and you lost." I surmise and 2P nods.
"My pod was destroyed. My arm was sacrificed in order to survive." 2P states.
[She cut off her own arm in order to escape? Damn that's hardcore]
"What do we do?" Mira asks.
"For now, let's rendezvous with the others." I glance at 2P. "But first, let's do something about
that arm."
I touch the stump and activate my [Almighty Magic] regenerating her arm instantly.
"H-How did you do that?" 2P says in surprise and wonder, having just witnessed nothing
short of a miracle.
"You'll find that we're full of surprises. Restoring lost limbs is child's play to us." I remark.
2P tests the fingers of her new arm. "It's like I never lost it…"
"Trust me, kid. You'll find a lot of things you never thought possible when hanging around
this guy." Church said.
We got out of the basement and rendezvoused with everyone. Cell, 17, 18, Athena, and Métis
were intrigued by the existence of another Android.

"I can definitely sense Ki from her, so she at least has some use in battle." Cell mocks, only to
get elbowed in the ribs by 18.
The more excitable ones, like Natsu, Wendy, Happy, Hibiki, Nanoha, Luso, and Kaguya
marvel at 2P along with her futuristic sword.
"You're so pretty!" Wendy and Luso both exclaim.
"Your outfit suits you so well." Jenny comments, earning nods from Erza and Fate.
2P looks around at the group surrounding her. "You… are all human; female."
"Not all of us." 17 chimes in.
"Yeah, Azzy here's the ultimate playboy." Kermit adds.
2P tilts her head to the side all cute-like. "Play… boy?"
[Oh god]
"I am not a damn playboy, Kermit." I countered.
"Okay then. Azzy here's the ultimate manwhore." Kermit corrected and my eye twitched.
Some of the girls chuckle to themselves at the remark.
"Shut the fuck up, Kermit. I'm part dragon, and male dragons typically have multiple
partners. It's also common among male demons, too." I growled.
"What does fuck mean?" 2P perks up causing everyone to go still.
[Oh boy. This is gonna get real awkward, isn't it?]
Later
After that painful explanation, 2P leads us towards the Resistance Camp whom she has been
helping eliminate infected Machines and Androids since she's the only one immune to the
virus.
To my surprise, the Resistance Camp wasn't within the City Ruins, instead it's in a forest
where we come upon an old stone structure resembling a house.
When we enter the building, we see an outfit of Androids that are dressed more like
mercenaries rather than YoRHa Androids. The main room itself is crammed with resources
and supplies that had been hastily packed or put together, letting us know that this is only a
temporary residence.
"I have returned." 2P announces quickly catching everyone's attention.
"2P!" A smiling girl with green hair and green eyes rushes at 2P and hugs her. "You're back!"

Name: Lily
Title: Resistance Second-in-Command
Alignment: Lawful Good
Affiliation: Resistance
Race: Android
Level: 101
HP: 62,032
MP: 0
SP: 60,001
AP: 0
Background: An Android from the 8th Machine War 200 years ago. She was a "lover"
model assigned to her commanding officer who physically abused and assaulted her.
She was rescued by her unit captain Rose and they defected from the larger Resistance
along with the rest of Rose's unit. Since then, Lily and her squad looked after each other
like family, with Rose giving them names to symbolize their bond. After Rose died and
Anemone became their leader, she made Lily her second-in-command.
Strength: Lily is strong and loyal to her friends, creates real unity and trust, sees others
as individuals rather than tools, has resilience to pain (both physical and emotional),
and others follow her because of said trust.
Weakness: Lily is emotionally fragile. She gets easily over attached to people, so when
they die she breaks down and tends to blame herself for the losses even though they
aren't fully her fault. She is a walking contradiction: the thing that makes her strong is
the same thing that destroys her.
Personal thoughts: She's back! 2P's alive!
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Superhuman Physiology, Weapon Mastery, Expert Martial Artist,
Presence Concealment, Multilingual, Military Tactics, Marksmanship, Android
Maintenance
Ultimate Skill: n/a
2P freezes at the girl's affection, unsure on how to follow this action.

"Aw. She's adorable." Kermit cooed.
"So you have returned." Another female voice calls out. She is a female android with dark
skin, green eyes, and black hair parted down the middle with her bangs tied around the back
of her head into a small ponytail. She wears a baggy white shirt, brown pants with knee
guards, black gloves and boots, a large belt with a gold buckle and a long white scarf, as well
as a red thigh bag strapped to her right leg, a hooded green cloak with yellow patterns, and a
green head scarf under her hood. Her cloak is fastened together with a golden brooch
somewhat resembling the YoRHa logo.
Name: Anemone
Title: Resistance Camp Leader
Alignment: Neutral Good
Affiliation: Resistance
Race: Android
Level: 105
HP: 66,311
MP: 0
SP: 64,606
AP: 0
Background: Anemone became part of the Resistance under the command of Captain
Rose during the 8th Machine War and followed her when Rose and her unit defected
from the main squad. During the first major battle of the 14th Machine War, she
encountered the YoRHa team led by A2 during the Pearl Harbor assault. The mission
was to take out the machine server that was on Mount Ka'ala. Despite the loss of most
units during the mission, including Rose, Anemone and A2 managed to destroy the
machine server and nullify the machine threat. Depressed from losing her close
comrades, Anemone attempted to take her own life before stopping herself. Anemone
from then on became the new leader of the android Resistance.
Strength: Anemone is steadfast and level-headed, even under pressure. She has strong
leadership qualities, capable of turning chaos into organized survival. She cares deeply
for her allies like Lily, but is pragmatic in knowing that there will be losses in the
battlefield.
Weakness: Despite her pragmatism, Anemone can't stand losing people, but keeps her
emotions bottled up, resulting in her coming off as cold and apathetic. She had
attempted to commit suicide after all of her friends died. Her stability is partly held
together by force, not resolution. Her role as leader means she has to carry a heavy

burden, which only exacerbates her unspoken trauma and isolates her further from
making any meaningful connections.
Personal thoughts: So, the white android returns… and she brought outsiders.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Superhuman Physiology, Weapon Mastery, Expert Martial Artist,
Presence Concealment, Military Tactics, Marksmanship, Android Maintenance
Ultimate Skill: n/a
"... and you brought company."
Lily finally looks up and sees me standing behind 2P. "A male android?"
"I'm not an android. I'm human (plus extra)." I whispered the last part under my breath.
Lily's eyes widened. "HUMAN!?"
"IMPOSSIBLE!" Anemone yells, completely losing her composure.
The other resistance androids look at me with weary glares, angry that I'd dare say such a
thing.
"Well shit, now they're pissed." Kermit said.
"I understand your skepticism and anger given your history, but it is the truth nonetheless." I
gesture to 2P. "But if you won't take my word for it, 2P can vouch for us due to confirming it
with her scans."
Lily and Anemone turn to the white android.
"Azule is telling the truth." 2P confirms, much to the surprise of the Resistance. "While some
of them have unique genetic make-ups, most of them are human or at least part-human in
some way or form."
"N-No way..." Lily says with tears coming out of her eyes.
"Hey, it's okay. There's no need to cry." Kaguya tries to reassure her.
"I didn't know Androids could cry." Hibiki commented, before widening her eyes and looking
at her Android comrades. "N-No offense to you guys."
"None taken. We don't exactly fit the normal definition of 'Android' to begin with." 18 waves
it off.
[They're more like cyborgs really, minus Cell]

"Just because they're artificial, doesn't make them any different from other people." I told
Hibiki and the others, drawing their attention. "If a being possesses self-awareness, the ability
to comprehend complex emotions like joy or anger, and a potential capacity for empathy,
then they should be treated as people. Regardless of where they came from or how they came
to be."
"If you're human, then prove it." Everyone turns to see two androids, twins based on their
appearance: pale skin, dark red hair, and green eyes, but there are some differences. The right
twin has straight flat hair with her bangs cut straight and wears a white flower pin on the right
side. Her outfit consists of red pants with knee pads and a white belt, black boots, a puffy
black wristlet on her right wrist, and a white top with black sleeves that is split on the right
side, exposing some of her abdomen.
The left twin has wavy hair and wears a white flower pin on the left side. Her outfit mirrors
her sister's: red pants with a white belt and knee guards, black boots, a puffy black wristlet on
her left wrist, and a white top with short black sleeves that is split on the left side, exposing
some of her abdomen.
Name: Popola
Title: Sis
Alignment: Neutral Good
Affiliation: Resistance
Race: Android
Level: 66
HP: 36,311
MP: 0
SP: 31,306
AP: 0
Background: Popola and Devola are old-model androids that were in charge of
observing and managing Project Gestalt, humanity's last chance at surviving. The units
were responsible for monitoring Replicants (artificial bodies) and managing data and
restoration systems. When Project Gestalt failed, the Popola and Devola units were
blamed for said failure and all future models of this line were programmed to feel
immense guilt and to "atone no matter what". They come off overly apologetic,
submissive, and self-sacrificing. They accept mistreatment from other androids without
fighting back.
Strength: Popola is loyal, has a strong sense of duty, and can remain calm in the most
dire situations. She is designed as a maintenance/medical android and has thorough
knowledge on androids and how they function.

Weakness: She has a crushing guilt and martyr complex due to her model line's past
mistakes. She suppresses her emotions, and is willing to be ostracized by the other
androids rather than challenging it because she believes this is her penance.
Personal thoughts: He can't be human… if he is then…
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Superhuman Physiology, Presence Concealment, Teleportation,
Marksmanship, Expert Android Maintenance
Ultimate Skill: n/a
Name: Devola
Title: Sister
Alignment: Neutral Good
Affiliation: Resistance
Race: Android
Level: 66
HP: 36,311
MP: 0
SP: 31,306
AP: 0
Background: [Expand]
Strength: Unlike her sister, Devola is highly emotionally aware and reads people well,
with her acting as a comforting presence for others. She's more outgoing, expressive,
and socially fluent than Popola, and is highly protective of her allies but mainly her
sister.
Weakness: She uses humor or distractions such as alcohol to avoid processing her
eternal guilt. Just like her sister, she's racked with overwhelming guilt that she must
atone no matter what.
Personal thoughts: Human? Hmph. We'll see about that.
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)

Unique Skill: Superhuman Physiology, Presence Concealment, Teleportation,
Marksmanship, Expert Android Maintenance
Ultimate Skill: n/a
'Tobi. Turn off my [Aura].' I quickly feel the energy flow halt as my shield vanishes.
I raise my right arm and summon a sword to my left. Before anyone can react, I slice my
right arm clean off.
"Holy shit!" Church yelled.
"Wow." Kermit said.
"What the hell!?" Anemone exclaims, but what followed left her and everyone else
speechless.
They watch him, without saying a word, cut off his own right arm. They watch the arm fall to
the floor with a squishy thud which is immediately followed by a geyser of blood erupting
from the stump.
Hibiki feels nauseous at the sight of all the blood, 18 is unnerved but she doesn't show it. The
rest of his group are a bit startled but know that he can heal himself, they just didn't think he'd
go that far.
[Was cutting your arm really necessary?]
"You two are medical androids, right? That must mean you have some surviving data on
human anatomy. You can take a sample of my blood and analyze it." I offered.
Popola and Devola were taken aback by the offer. How did he know they were medical
androids?
"... what makes you think we know anything about humans?" Popola asks, her cool
expression betraying the anxiety she was feeling.
"Let's just say medics have a tell and leave it at that." I said.
The twins glance at each other before Devola steps forward. She kneels to the pool of blood
and licks a small amount on her finger.
"Mm~" She moans, as if she just ate something delicious.
[That was a little hot, not gonna lie]
"Seriously? Your method of analyzing human blood is to lick it from your fingers?" 18 says
in a deadpanned voice.
"Asmodeus-kun, can you please do something about your arm? Hibiki-chan and Wendy-chan
look like they're about to vomit." Mirajane says in concern as she looks at the 2 teenage girls

barely holding it together. She wasn't exactly fond of seeing her husband mutilated or losing
this much blood either, but was able to handle the sight much better and knew her husband
had experienced worse.
The flow of blood instantly stopped before I picked up my arm off the ground and reattached
it instantly.
The other androids of this universe are baffled as they just watch this human(?) cut off his
arm like nothing, without so much as flinching, and then reattach as if it was a puzzle piece.
"You have major issues, dude." Church said with a deadpan.
I move my fingers and clench my hand; good as new.
"What. The hell?" A Resistance Android says what's on everyone's mind.
"How is he not in pain? That… should hurt, right?" Another Android said, unnerved by how
calm he is over the fact his arm was sliced off.
2P just stares at the man, stoic expression cracking slightly.
"!?" Devola's eyes widened as she got the results.
"Sister?" Popola calls out, slightly worried. Her sister isn't normal this quiet for this long.
"... he's telling the truth." A shocked Devola said.
"Are you serious? You mean he's actually human!?" Anemone nearly sneered.
"Truth be told, I don't know what he is." Devola stands up. "His genetic makeup is composed
of alien genomes mixed with his human ones. But it seems his human ones are dominant as
far as I can tell."
"I never said we were normal humans, just that most of us were human." I point out.
[You do know you could have just cut your palm and given some blood as a sample
rather than severing a limb and losing this much blood, right?]
I sweatdrop. I did not think that.
I cleared my throat. "Anyways, I'm sure you all have questions. Likewise, we would like to
know the current state of this world, along with the dangers of the [Logic Virus]."
With much reluctance, Anemone began to explain everything. As I had suspected, this
universe takes place during [Ending C] where A2 destroyed the Tower, which somewhat
explains why Popola and Devola are still around.
That was when the anomalies started happening.

Not only are the Red Girls (both of them) still around, but new types of Machines had started
popping out of nowhere as well as dead Android bodies being reanimated by some strange
energy and started walking about. However, these Androids were different. They were
beastial, feral, and territorial; attacking anything in sight. They tried to fight, but they were
outgunned and outmatched, and lost a lot of comrades just to get them to safety.
"With the Bunker gone dark, we have nowhere to request for supplies or reinforcements.
What you see now is all that's left of the resistance." Anemone states, trying to suppress her
emotions.
Lily quietly sobbed in the background, still mourning the loss of their comrades.
[It seems the Androids and Machines have been corrupted by Chaos Energy]
"Now then," Anemone looks straight at me. "It's your turn to explain yourself."
"Fair enough." I started to tell them my story. I explained to them everything, who we are and
how we got here. The Androids were surprised by the fact that not only does magic exist but
multiversal travel is possible and achievable.
"So you're from another universe. A universe where humanity still lives." Anemone then
turns to 18. "And… you're an Android, like us? One that had been heavily modified and
experimented on."
18 doesn't respond and just nods.
"Wow, that's a lot of info to dump on us." Devola comments, massaging her temple from the
incoming headache.
"Trust me, this is normal for us." Hibiki said with an understanding smile.
"Hoh? So these guys are really humans, huh? That's hilarious." Everyone turns to the far end
of the room as a figure walks forward.
She's a female android with black eyes and short, deep-gray hair that hangs over her right
eye. She wears a baggy tan shirt with green camouflage pants, black gloves and boots.
However, what draws everyone's attention are the crystal-like growths growing out of her
right arm and spreading across her torso.
Name: Jackass
Title: Mad Scientist Gremlin
Alignment: Neutral Good
Affiliation: Resistance
Race: Android
Level: 93

HP: 10,013
MP: 0
SP: 58,212
AP: 0
Background: a Resistance android stationed on Earth during the Machine War. She
works alongside the Resistance and occasionally with YoRHa, mainly handling
research, explosives, storage management, and combat experiments. She is colleagues
with Commander White. She's obsessed with understanding why androids enjoy
combat, leading her to perform dangerous experiments involving explosives and
combat-enhancing drugs like the E-Drug. Despite acting chaotic and goofy, she is
actually highly intelligent, skilled at analysis, and one of the few characters capable of
uncovering hidden truths about YoRHa and humanity.
Strength: Jackass is extremely intelligent and analytical, with strong deductive ability
and scientific knowledge. She has endless curiosity, questions orders when most obey,
and willingly experiments with dangerous technology, combat data, explosives, and
psychological states. This makes her innovative and unpredictable.
Weakness: She is reckless, obsessive, socially awkward, has poor emotional boundaries,
and often ignores safety and morality when conducting her experiments. She can come
across as insensitive or sociopathic, especially when treating dangerous situations like
entertainment or research opportunities. Her fascination with combat excitement and
E-Drugs suggests she's psychologically drawn to danger and adrenaline. She lacks a
normal social filter and often makes others uncomfortable with invasive or bizarre
behavior.
Personal thoughts: I hope he lets me run some tests, teehee
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 20 (Interest)
Unique Skill: Superhuman Physiology, Military Tactics, Marksmanship, Expert
Android Maintenance, Genius-level Intellect
Ultimate Skill: n/a
Affliction: Chaos Poison
[Chaos Poison]
A condition that causes crystal-like tumors to appear on the body. Drains HP by 20%
every 3 hours.
"Jackass!?" Lily exclaims, surprised to see her up and about.

Some of the girls in my group snort at the name.
"Jackass? Seriously, that's your name?" 18 said.
"What? You got a problem with my name, blondie? At least I don't call myself by my
number, 18." Jackass mocked.
18 gives the woman a pointed glare.
[That arm is infected with Chaos Energy. At its current growth rate, she has 2 more
hours before it kills her]
"Your arm… what happened?" A concerned Wendy asks.
Jackass chuckles a little only to hiss. "Hehe. I got slashed by those zombie Androids… and
got more than I bargained for."
"Then you're lucky that we came along." I bluntly told her, drawing everyone's attention.
"Because the issue is more serious than you think." I point to the growths on her arm. "Those
crystals are corrupting your body, mutating you from the inside out. At its current rate, you
have about another 2 hours before you become a zombie like the other androids."
This draws alarm and fear from the members of the Resistance, who were all now looking at
Jackass with concern or wariness.
"N-no! We can't lose Jackass too!" Lily says with tears in her eyes.
"Don't worry, it won't come to that." I assured her.
I stood up and approached Jackass, whose grin was strained from discomfort and pain. I grab
her right shoulder, its crystals sharp like blades but they don't hurt me, they can't.
Immediately, [Chaos Energy] flows from my person into Jackass and quickly the crystals
recede, sinking back into her skin until they cease to exist.
[An infection like this is child's play to the God of Chaos]
Jackass and the members of the Resistance stare in awe as Jackass tests her healed arm,
confirming it felt good as new.
"I-I don't believe it. How did you do that?" Jackass says in amazement.
"Like I said, we aren't normal humans, and it helps that we have history with [Chaos
Energy]." I said with a bit of pride. "We have dealt with mutants, anomalies, enemies; all
revolving around [Chaos Energy]."
Jackass' eyes glint at the mention of anomalies and mutants.
Anemone sees the glint and immediately facepalms. "Oh no…"

Immediately, Jackass ensnares me like a snake, with the tip of her nose just gracing mine.
"Mutants, dimensional anomalies, and powerful enemies!? And you're saying all of this is
done with [Chaos Energy]!?" Jackass exclaims with manic excitement as she inches closer
to you. "YOU MUST SHOW ME NOW!"
[I think you flipped her switch]
Most of the Resistance groan or cower as Jackass is back to her antics.
The group watch with mixed reaction: some are glad that she's alright while others glare at
how close Jackass was to Asmodeus.
"Okay that's enough. Down girl." I gently push Jackass back.
"Aw." Jackass whined.
[She's like a puppy. A restless, crazy little puppy]
"Right." My sudden words grab everyone's attention. "We need to assess the extent of the
corruption, so we need to go back to [Aincrad]."
"[Aincrad]. That's the ship you used to get here, right? The blue box?" Popola said.
"The one and only."
"Then we'll go first thing in the morning." Anemone said. "The night here is dangerous.
Infected Machines and Corrupted Androids are more active at this time."
"Well, you'd be correct if we were a normal bunch."
*BOOM!* *BOOM!* *BOOM!*
The sounds of distant but devastating explosions catch the Resistance's attention as the
building rockets from the shockwaves.
My smile widens a little. "But I think we'll be alright."
Sometime later
The Resistance arrives in the City Ruins, now looking even more ruined than before.
Nana, Selene, Athena, Métis, Divine, Sariel, Nanoha, Fate, Yukino, Sorano, Luso, Ennie,
Kushina, Mikoto, Hinata, and Goryu stand alongside the X-Women, and Team Natsu.
"What… the…!?" Anemone is baffled by the sheer destruction around her, Android and
Machine remains littered everywhere.
"Hey guys! Welcome back!" Nana greets us with a smile.
I notice that there's quite a few people missing. "Where are the others?"

"Oh, they were tired so they went on ahead." Selene says before turning her attention to the
Resistance. "So… this is all that's left of this planet's inhabitants. What a weak and sad
bunch."
"!?" Before the members of the Resistance can respond, they're suddenly hit with an immense
pressure coming from this woman, no, this thing's gaze. As if they were being crushed from
the attention alone.
Anemone grits her teeth as she forces herself to look up. 'She's… a monster!'
"Selene." I call out and the pressure stops.
Selene glances at me with amusement. "Don't worry, husband. I was simply testing their
character." She glances at the Resistance, with only 2P, Lily, Anemone, and Jackass had
remained standing. "It seems that some have potential."
Jackass smiles at the goddess with awe and a bit of attraction. "I want that~"
"That was still going too far, Selene." Ororo scolds her to which Selene just shrugs.
"It makes no difference to me, as long as they prove themselves useful to our husband."
Selene calmly retorts.
Lily and Anemone visibly shake in fear, Jackass's vibrating with excitement, and 2P stoically
evaluates everyone.
"Hey. What's with the blindfold?" Natsu asks the white android.
"..." 2P looks at Natsu before looking the other way, pissing him off.
"Hey! I'm talking to you!" An annoyed Natsu yells at her, a red aura of rage envelops him
with a comically large tick mark on his head.
"N-Natsu-san, please calm down!" Wendy urges him.
Lucy sweat drops. "Natsu's more frustrated than usual."
"It's because Azzy's harem took the glory and left him with nothing." Happy chimed.
"Yeah, that makes sense…"
"Alright, let's head back to [Aincrad]." Gray turns and walks forward with the others
following suit.
The Resistance follow the dimensional travelers, where they reach the outskirts and see
the [Aincrad] up ahead.
"Wow. It's so blue!" Lily excitedly said.
Anemone looks at the box analytically. "That thing gives me the creeps…"

2P stares at the [Aincrad] but doesn't say anything.
"It has a certain… charm." Popola remarks.
"I know, right?!" Jackass chirped. "It's made out of wood, yet the aura coming from it makes
my skin tingle! How does it do that!? Is it a defensive mechanism!? Does it emit a signal that
makes others want to avoid it!? How does everyone fit inside its tiny doors!? What powers
it!? Why is it so blue!?" She just rambles on and on.
[She's like a female Midoriya, minus the mad scientist bit]
"Jackass." Anemone calls out and Jackass stops her ramblings.
Jackass sheepishly scratches the back of her head. "Sorry!"
"That curiosity and never-ending questions honestly kind of reminds me of Reed." Carol says
in amusement.
"Or Hank, for that matter." Rogue giggled, remembering how her blue-furred teammate acted
when his scientific curiosity was piqued.
I reach the doors and turn the key, opening them.
I gestured inside. "Ladies first."
Everyone quickly walks inside, with the Resistance reluctantly going in last.
When they enter, they are dumbstruck by the impossible size of the interior.
"H-How…!?" Lily stammers.
"It's-" Popola began.
"-bigger on the inside!" Devola finished.
"Damn right it is." I close the doors behind me.
"How is this possible…?" Anemona asks.
"Dimensional engineering, but really it's just [Chaos Energy] and lots of creativity." I said.
"This… is… AWESOME!" A giddy Jackass rushes to the controls and turns to me. "CAN I
FLY IT!? PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!PLEASE!"
"No." Anemone and I respond.
Jackass gets instantly depressed by the rejection.
"Besides, I need to give you a check up. I'm still curious about your affliction." I add.
The Resistance all turn their heads to me in surprise.

"But… didn't you cure it?" Lily asks.
"I did, but it doesn't hurt to be too careful." I responded. "Plus, I can develop a vaccine for
you all while I'm at it."
"Well then, what are we waiting for!?" Jackass grabs my arm and pulls me close, burying it in
her breasts. "Let's start our date, big guy!"
"WHAT!?" The harem girls all shriek at once.
But Jackass ignores them as she pulls me deep into the corridor.
Anemone facepalms and she lets out an irritated sigh. "She's gonna get herself killed one
day… I know it."
Later - Satan's Soul
A giddy Jackass is on a medical bed as 21 and Lamy scans her body as well as her neural
network.
I look at Jackass before turning to the girls. "Anything peculiar?"
Lamy chuckles. "The real question is what isn't peculiar about her, Asmodeus-sama."
"LOOK AT THIS!" 21 slams a table with data. "A skeleton made of a alley that's both
malleable and tough! A complex neural network that perfectly mimics human thought
patterns! A functioning digestive, respiratory, and reproductive system! It's like whoever
made these androids wanted them to be as identical to humans as possible, maybe even
more!" She exclaims. "And her [Black Box]... I can't make heads or tails of it! It's not just
their power source, it's the repository for their personality and memories; a literal mechanical
soul!" 21 deeply exhales. "She is a technological marvel… a miracle of science. They all
are."
Jackass giggles. "Aw, stop it. You're making me blush~"
"Like I said: Infinite universes, infinite possibilities." I tell her in amusement.
"There's also something else." Lamy shows a graph of Jackass' synapses. "See here? Jackass'
Dopamine is off the charts. She has the clear signs of an addict."
"An addict to what?"
"TO WAR! WAR AND DRUGS!" Jackass suddenly cackles. "We Androids were made to
fight the Machines!" But then her voice became a whisper, broken even. "We live for it and
die for it… even when we don't want to."
21 and Lamy can't help but pity Jackass.
"So all of them are deliberately made to be addicted to killing? That's fucked up…" 21 said.

"It's likely a way to make sure androids don't disobey. They have to fight because that's the
only pleasure they will get." Lamy coldly states.
I sigh. "Any update on that vaccine I requested?"
The change in subject snaps both 21 and Lamy out of their trail of thought.
"Yes." 21 pulls up the vaccine. "It's already at 72.66% completion. It should be ready within a
few hours."
I nod. "Good. Let me know when it's done." With that, I turn and walk out of the lab.
21 and Lamy watch their master/husband leave silently and promptly as he comes.
"Hey. You guys got any alien drugs or something?" Jackass asks, causing them to sigh in
exasperation.
I walked the polished metal corridors when I saw someone ahead.
"Dimaria?" I called out.
Dimaria turns to me and smiles. "Asmodeus-sama!"
"What's up?"
"I'm still trying getting more accustomed to the vast structure of the [Aincrad]. You truly
outdid yourself, Asmodeus-sama~." Dimaria says as she approaches with a sway of her hips
before wrapping herself around one of his arms. "But I would expect nothing less from you."
She purred, firmly squeezing her large J-cups against his arm.
Dimaria could definitively say that her life changed forever because of Asmodeus. He took
time to help her overcome the trauma of both the Alvarez War that she brutally received from
Natsu and the memories of the experiments she endured under Rustyrose. And afterwards,
not only did she master her newfound capabilities and become even stronger under his
guidance, but he opened her up to all sorts of new experiences and got the chance to know
him. So it wasn't all that surprising when she fell for Asmodeus.
"Thanks. I wanted to make this both the perfect fortress and a place where anyone can feel at
home." I say with pride. "So, how's your first experience in this new universe?
Overwhelming I bet?"
"Yeah, and a bit unnerving." Dimaria admits. "This universe is pretty dark. Humanity is gone,
and in its place androids fight an eternal war against alien machines. And now we're here…
giving them hope."
[More like we're a breath of fresh air, which is something the androids desperately need]
"It's not uncommon. Worlds whose denizens try to build culture around constant warfare.
Remnant is just like that, humanity locked in an eternal war against the Grimm." I said.

"They build a system from death and sacrifice, and we're wiping it out." A pause. "We are the
virus, and the cure. We're not just giving them hope, we're giving them a new beginning."
"From what I can tell, they definitely need it one." Dimaria agreed. "I just hope they can take
the transition well." She lets go of me and caresses her own arm. "These kinds of
experiences… leave marks that will never fade… that will never heal."
I understood what she meant. Dimaria is a prodigy in combat and one of the strongest mages
on Earthland, but the events of the Alvarez War had shaken her to her core, traumatized her
to the point she abandoned the warrior life entirely, opting to settle in the peaceful life of
farming in hopes of avoiding combat. Until Rustyrose shattered that life for her. He and Towa
opened her and the others up, altering their bodies and souls to become living magical
goddesses for the sake of satiating their twisted God Complex.
Now, the life of a warrior isn't a want, but a must.
What Rustyrose and Towa did to her and the girls can't be undone. Those scars will never
fade, they will haunt them for the rest of their lives. The only thing I can do is help her make
peace with it and alleviate her burden.
"We'll do what we can, but ultimately it's up to them. Trying to coerce or outright force it
won't do any good." I stated. "In the meantime, we'll give them the means to take care of
themselves, so that they won't lose everything."
Suddenly, the alarms go off.
"What's that!?" Dimaria yells.
"Proximity alarm! We need to get to the control room!"
The two of us quickly ran to our destination.
Control Room
Athena maneuvers around the computer ring while Gamma, Sigma, and Delta assist her.
Dimaria and I arrive and approach the ring. "Report."
"The scanner has detected three large objects heading to our location." Gamma states.
"Show me." The main screen activates to show 3 massive machine lifeforms marching
straight towards them, their eyes glowing a dark red.
Infected Engel
Level: 89
HP: 51,612
MP: 0

SP: 42,091
AP: 0
"Engels… three of them! And they're infected!" Anemone grits her teeth. "Those things are
the size of buildings, and we don't have the resources to deal with them!"
"Then you're lucky I do." I ran to the main doors.
"H-Hey wait!" Anemone calls but you're already out.
I step outside and see the 3 Engels approaching.
[Are you thinking what I'm thinking?]
I smirk and take a deep breath.
"BIG O! SHOWTIME!"
At the same time
In the hangar, Big O's eyes light up.
A Space Bridge opens and the Megadeus walks into the green vortex, vanishing.
A massive portal opens and Big O walks out before stopping right next to me.
I fly upwards and the entire collar portion rises up on hydraulic pistons, revealing the pilot
console inside… and a passenger?
"What the?" I mutter at the person in the pilot's seat. She is a woman with short red hair and
an alabaster skin tone. Her outfit consists of a black headband, a dark red dress with a white
collar and black shoes.
"Is that… Dorothy?" I said.
[What's Roger's assistant android doing here?]
"It doesn't matter." I land inside and easily pull Dorothy out of the seat. "Wow. She's pretty
heavy." I gently tuck her on the back of the cockpit.
I sit down in the pilot's seat and the control dome closes, lowering a circular railway ramp as
two joysticks slide towards the front simultaneously.
A message appears on the scanner.
Cast in the name of God... Ye not guilty.
I smile in excitement as I grab the two joysticks.

"Big O. Action!"
The Megadues raises its arms and strikes its iconic pose.
Everyone in the control room watches Big O march towards the Engels, towards its first
battle.
"SO COOL!" Natsu, Happy, Wendy, and Epsilon-Caboose (where did he come from!?)
exclaimed in amazement, which was shared with those from Earthland in particular. Even
with everything they had already seen, Asmodeus still finds ways to amaze and impress
them.
"Hmph. I guess it's not too bad." Cell remarks.
A smiling Kermit nudges him. "Admit it, Cell, you want your own robot."
"Kermit, I am a biological android composed of the DNA of some of the strongest fighters
around, with enough power to snuff out universes." An exasperated Cell states. "So why, on
Dende's green fucking Earth, would I want a giant robot?"
"Uh, the bitches?" Kermit gestures to the harem to his left.
"See, nee-chan! I told you sticking with Asmodeus-kun was a good idea!" Luso says in awe
to Ennie, who could only wordlessly nod in agreement.
"Asmodeus-kun is always full of surprises." Erza states, awe mixed with pride and
amusement.
"Indeed, though I would expect nothing less from Asmodeus-sama." Irene says with pride at
her master/husband, a sentiment shared with his other wives.
"I know right!? I thought this [Aincrad] place was insane, but Asmodeus-kun keeps catching
us off guard. It's like he enjoys making us awestruck by everything he does, dattebane!"
Kushina says in fascination, with Hinata nodding in agreement.
"Indeed, though this vaguely reminds me of the [Susano'o]." Mikoto adds before getting an
idea. "Maybe I should join him!"
Goryu then appears behind the two ninja MILFs. "If anyone's going to join Asmodeus-sama
in a robot fight… it will be me."
"As if! You think Asmodeus-kun wants a fake kunoichi like you!?" Kushina scoffs.
"While it's true that I wasn't born with [Chakra] like you two." Her [Sharingan] quickly
activates. "That does not mean I cannot kick your asses!"
"Hoh? You really think you can take us on brat?" Red and dark pink [Chakra] surge from
Kushina and Mikoto respectively.
However, before things escalate they are all hit in various pressure points and they fall.

"Seriously you three, behave yourselves." Hinata says with exasperation at the paralyzed
women.
For the various female heroes, seeing things like giant mecha robots wasn't anything new
considering the things they dealt with all the time, especially in regards to those from the
Justice League, the X-Women, and Avengers, though they still look in interest.
"Something tells me Stark would either be envious or want to be friends with Asmodeus if he
knew he had tech like this." Natasha says in amusement.
"Yeah, no kidding." Carol laughed.
"Stark? Hah! With Asmodeus' expertise in magic, super-advanced technology, unique
powers, and the Multiverse itself at his fingertips, he would make the likes of Dr. Doom
green with envy." Wanda remarks before nervously turning to She-Hulk. "No offense."
"None taken."
"Maybe Asmodeus can go to our universe at one point and help Mutantkind." Rogue
suggested. "If he goes there, he'll be a huge game-changer for everyone."
"Even the biggest Mutant-hating assholes would think twice before getting on his bad side."
Laura says with a smirk.
"And even if they didn't, Asmodeus likely could help us deal with the nonstop bullshit
Mutants go through." Illyana realized as she too smirked at the thought.
Jean nods. "Agreed. But I think we should help Asmodeus with his problems back home
before he helps us with ours. A secret war waged by two immortals using the whole planet as
a battlefield isn't a walk in the park, even without the [Genesis Wave] making things worse."
She pauses and looks at her friends and fellow X-Men. "And the Faunus… they're just like us
Mutants. We need to help them."
Her teammates nodded in agreement. Even overlooking their feelings for their savior, they
knew better than anyone what the feeling and consequences of persecution just for being
different was like, and they refused to stand idly by while letting it fester. The fact that
Asmodeus revealed to them how much he and countless others across the multiverse admired
the X-Men for standing against persecution only further motivated them to oppose it in
virtually all of its forms.
Cell stares at the girls fawning for Asmodeus, again.
"... yeah, I see your point, Kermit."
Selene smiles as he watches Big O continue closing the distance. "Give us a good show, my
little devil."
Inside cockpit
"Alright, let's do this Big O. Give them everything!" I exclaim as I press down on the pedals.

Big O's steps quicken, its speed increasing as it approaches the forward Engel.
The Engel raises its massive arm as its bucket wheel extractor spins rapidly before bringing it
down.
*CLANK!*
Big O catches the spinning wheel with ease, crushing it under its superior strength.
"You think you can stop me with bucket wheels!?" I pull the right joystick back before
pushing it forward at full strength.
Big O reels its right arm back before delivering a powerful haymaker straight into Engel's
face, the force of the impact crushing it completely.
Without a control unit, the Engel's body can't control the tremendous energy as its cooling
systems fail and flames start to consume its frame as it quickly collapses into a heap of
melting scrap.
Big O turns its head to the two remaining Goliaths and marches forward.
The Engels charged at me, their speed and mobility much higher than the Megadues, but Big
O and its pilot were not the type to back away.
An Engel thrusts its arm forward, but Big O grabs its forearm. It then starts to spin around
before throwing it at the other Engel and the two collide.
The control panel to my left opens, revealing a hidden set of buttons.
Big O's upper chest and abdomen open, revealing a set of machine guns and missile ports.
"Now go back to hell!" I slam my hand on the console.
The machine guns and missiles fire at the Goliaths, detonating in a large explosion.
You defeated Engels(x3)! You have gained 789,540 EXP(x3)! You have earned 732,103
Credits(x3)!
30% Increase by [EXP Necklace]
Calculating new value…
You gained 1,026,402 EXP(x3)!
Level Up(x6)!
Big O stands still as I watch the destruction unfold from within the mech.
[Damn, what a thrill!]

Tobi was right, piloting the mecha was thrilling, and it wasn't the kind of thrill you get from
fighting strong opponents. There was something… fulfilling about piloting Big O, like it
wasn't just me but both of us; the mech and the pilot. Was that how Roger felt when he flew
the Megadues? Did every mecha pilot feel like this?
*Beep!*
Suddenly, the scanner detected something within close proximity; to my left.
Big O turns his head to the right and there's someone standing on the rooftop. It's a beautiful
young woman with short white hair with a bang covering the left side of her face and crystal
blue eyes. Her outfit is threadbare, consisting of a velvet-like cloth around the midriff, with
large portions of her skin missing, revealing segments of the black protective undercoat. The
stripped layers are a rubber-like material and are most prevalent on her arms and legs, though
pieces of skin are also missing from her torso and waist. The exposed hypodermic areas
resemble gloves, a sleeveless shirt, and hotpants with thigh-high boots.
Name: A2
Title: The Deserter, Mysterious YoRHa Unit Loner
Alignment: True Neutral
Affiliation: YoRHa (former), Resistance
Race: Android
Level: 121
HP: 101,520
MP: 0
SP: 101,190
AP: 0
Background: An older prototype YoRHa android model — "Type A" standing for
Attacker. She was created before models like 2B and 9S and was used as experimental
combat data for future android generations. A2 took part in the "Pearl Harbor Descent
Mission," a secret YoRHa operation during the 14th Machine War. Her squad was
essentially sent on a suicide mission to destroy a machine server on Mt. Ka'ala. Most of
her teammates were killed during the operation. The worst part: YoRHa Command
never intended for the prototype squad to survive. The mission's real purpose was to
gather combat data and dispose of the experimental units afterward. After discovering
this betrayal, A2 deserted YoRHa and became hunted as a traitor. Because of this
trauma, A2 becomes cold, isolated, and violently distrustful of both machines and
YoRHa. Over time, though, she slowly develops empathy — especially through her
interactions with Pascal and the peaceful machine village.

Strength: As an "Attacker" model, A2 excels in combat, either with bladed weapons or
hand-to-hand. She has more combat experience compared to most current generation
YoRHa androids, and has developed a sixth sense for battle, making her far deadlier
than any android. Her raw physical strength alone exceeds that of 2B's, allowing her to
lift larger machines and cut through armor like paper. Her mental and emotional
fortitude is her strongest trait.
Weakness: Despite her emotional resilience, the trauma left her isolated, distrustful, and
emotionally volatile. Her trauma affects how she interacts with others. A2 is reckless,
relying on brute force rather than strategy making her dangerous but also vulnerable
when overwhelmed. Even though she's powerful, later YoRHa models like 2B were
technically designed to be more refined and balanced. A2 compensates mostly through
experience and ferocity.
Personal thoughts: This Machine… it's different. Someone's piloting it. But, why can't I
analyze them?
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Superhuman Physiology, Berserk Mode, Presence Concealment, Master
Martial Arts, Master swordsmanship, Mind's Eye, Expert Military Tactics, Master
Marksmanship, Self-Sustenance, Analytical Appraisal, Parallel Calculation,
Regeneration, System Reboot (Via pods)
Ultimate Skill: n/a
A north wind blows around A2 as she stares at the black giant, who was staring back at her.
"What are you?" A2 asks softly.
Nier Automata Expedition: Leonard Church (Alpha), Team Natsu, Cana Alberona,
Mirajane Strauss, Irene Belserion, Seilah, Brandish μ, Kyôka, Ur, Ultear Milkovich,
Luso Signario, Ennie Signario, Yukino Aguria, Sorano Aguria, Minerva Orland, Jenny
Realight, Dimaria Yesta, Nana Shimura, Hibiki Tachibana, Selene, Athena, Métis, Carol
Danvers (Ms. Marvel), Jennifer Walters (She-Hulk), Natasha Romanoff (Black Widow),
Diana Prince (Wonder Woman), Karen Starr (Power Girl), Divine, Rachel Roth
(Raven), Grail, Sariel, Nanoha Takamachi, Fate Testarossa, Super Android 18, Super
Android 17, Perfect Cell, Kermit, Kushina Uzumaki, Mikoto Uchiha, Hinata Hyūga,
Yuko Sagiri, Yoko Sagiri, Konomi Suzue, Sayo Hitsugi, Goryu, Kaguya Nanbu, Dlanor
A. Knox, Chun-Li, Cammy White, Juri Han, Wanda Zatara, Chun-Li, Illyana
Nikolievna Rasputina (Magik), Jean Gray (White Phoenix), Emma Frost (White
Queen), Anna Marie (Rogue), Ororo Munroe (Storm), Betsy Braddock (Psylocke),
Laura Kinney (X-23)
Aincrad: Vados, Marcarita, Android 21, Kefla, Xeno Goku, Xeno Vegeta, Shizuka
Marikawa, Rei Miyamoto, Saeko Busujima, Saya Takagi, Alice Maresato, Grammi μ,

Anna Heartfilia, Layla Heartfilia, Lady Avalon, Merlin, Kiria, Misaki, Grammi μ,
Belial, Mammon, Kirio Hikifune, Lamy, Kagura Mikazuki, Kisuke Urahara, Yoruichi
Shihoin, Delta, Sigma, Gamma, Theta, Iota, Eta, Epsilon, Omega (O'Malley), Winter
Schnee, Emerald Sustrei, Amber Autumn, Chisato Hasegawa, Eve/Yami, Sephie
Michaela Deviluke
Author Notes
This Detour will be split into two parts because I really don't wanna spend so much time on
just one chapter, hence the split. I've had this idea for Asmodeus and crew to go to the world
of Nier for a long time now, and because it's been a long time since I played these games I
had to re-familiarize myself with the lore (and there's so much lore). Triscythe helped me get
the overall plot together since he's more familiar with the series than I am.
Anyways, leave a comment.
Peace~

Chapter 43: Detour - Nier Automata 2
Disclaimer: I own nothing; just the OC
'Thought'
"Talking"
*Action*
"Powerful entity (gods, demons, dragons, etc.)"
[System]
{Spirit}
Beta'd by Omni-Creator Kami of Anime and triscythe59.
Previously…
*Beep!*
Suddenly, the scanner detected something within close proximity; to my left.
Big O turns his head to the right and there's someone standing on the rooftop. It's a beautiful
young woman with short white hair with a bang covering the left side of her face and crystal
blue eyes. Her outfit is threadbare, consisting of a velvet-like cloth around the midriff, with
large portions of her skin missing, revealing segments of the black protective undercoat. The
stripped layers are a rubber-like material and are most prevalent on her arms and legs,
though pieces of skin are also missing from her torso and waist. The exposed hypodermic
areas resemble gloves, a sleeveless shirt, and hotpants with thigh-high boots.
A north wind blows around A2 as she stares at the black giant, who was staring back at her.
"What are you?" A2 asks softly.
Now
A2 doesn't budge, her stoic yet curious expression doesn't change as she stares at the black
machine before her.
While all of the Machines she has encountered and fought have been agile and seemed to be
made from Earth materials, this one was not. It's more intricate, designed with care and
purpose rather than a haste built, covered head-to-tow in thick black armor plating and beam
coating. And its permanent stoic expression gives it a detached feel, outright authoritative as
if it wasn't recognizing her as a threat.

A small, cube-shaped drone hovers to A2's side. "Analysis: Machine does not exist in YoRHa
database, it has never been encountered. Further: two energy signatures are within the
machine's neck area."
A2's white eyebrow arches slightly. "It has pilots?"
"Affirmative. One is an android of unknown origin. The other… cannot be analyzed." The
drone states.
The gears in A2's mind start turning at her pod's statement. An android not affiliated with
YoRHa? The chances of that are slim to none, especially with the majority of YoRHa now
infected with the [Logic Virus]. As for the other one… if it's not an android or a machine,
then this makes this encounter far more dangerous than she originally realized.
"Proposal: engage in a mutual dialogue with the machine pilot." Pod 042 suggests.
A2 doesn't respond, but her posture indicates she's clearly tense as the black machine
continues its fixed gaze.
Inside cockpit
I look down at A2 and can't help but marvel at her beauty. "Wow, she's almost a work of art."
[Yeah she is]
I flick the speaker switch on. "Hi there. I wasn't expecting to see any surviving androids still
around."
Outside
A2's eyes widened by a fraction, not expecting the pilot to actually talk.
"... where is the Resistance?" A2 asks, knowing that the pilot has met the surviving
Resistance members.
"Back at my ship." I replied without hesitation.
"Your ship?"
"Yeah. It's not too far from here." I said.
"Why are they on your ship?" A2 inquires, curious and concerned for their well-being.
"Because they seem like decent people and I offered to help them after hearing of their
struggles. Without my assistance, they wouldn't have lasted long, especially with the
world's current chaotic state." I bluntly answered in response.
A2 looks confused. None of this was making any sense. Why would this thing help them?
What was its aim?

"Why?" One word, yet it burned with paranoia that bordered on hope.
A beat of silence follows. Big O remained still as it has been before, but for a brief second,
the light in its eyes flickered.
"... I won't say I helped them because I wanted to. I'm not that selfless." I said. "I
helped… simply because it wasn't fair."
A simple, honest and very naive response. So honest that it was ridiculous.
A2 blinks, her mouth hanging open slightly.
"Fair…? You helped the Resistance, because you saw their struggle as unfair…?" A2
murmurs, almost as if she was tasting the sheer absurdity of the words coming out of her
mouth.
Of course it wasn't fair. Nothing about their existence screamed fair. They were weapons,
tools in a war that had no meaning or point in existing, but knew nothing else. Stuck in a
perpetual cycle of death and destruction for eternity.
And here comes a creature from nowhere, sees the world, sees them, and steps into our hell
and calls it unfair.
Ludicrous… absolutely ludicrous!
"Heh." A2 snorts and then starts to laugh. Raw, honest, loud, borderline maddening. The
sheer insanity was palpable.
Pod 042 watches as A2 continues to laugh like she's never laughed before. Her posture
crumbles, her eyes shadowed by her bangs as a thin trail of liquid falls to the ground.
Whether those were tears of joy or sadness is anyone's guess.
Eventually, A2 stops laughing and looks back at Big O, but her eyes are different now. They
have warmth but something else: exhaustion.
She was tired, so tired.
"If only there were more people like you. For some reason I can't explain, I can feel you're
telling the truth." A2 says as she regains her bearings. "Take me to your ship then. If you're
truly honest about your intent, then you need to understand what you're going up against."
Big O raises its massive right hand towards A2 and she jumps into its palm with Pod 042
levitating not far behind.
The Megadeus turns and slowly walks towards the [Aincrad]. Its piston-like footsteps
echoing through the empty and burning city ruins.
Later

A scanner passes above the deactivated Dorothy as Lamy, 21, and surprisingly Jackass stare
at the android's x-ray.
"Wow. She's ancient! Definitely pre-Machine War era, maybe even the golden age of
humanity." An excited Jackass comments, grinning like a child who got a new toy.
"She doesn't appear to be damaged, she's just out of energy." 21 said. "A few hours in the biobed should do the trick."
"Where did you find her, Asmodeus-sama?" Lamy asked out of curiosity.
"She was inside Big O's cockpit, neatly placed there like a present for me to find." I replied
with a shrug.
Jackass giggles. "You just seem to have a knack for finding the randomest of things, don't
you?"
"Asmodeus-kun's luck is all over the place. There's never a boring moment when he's
around." 21 smiles in amusement. "It's one of the many things that attracts people towards
him."
I hum before heading towards the exit.
"Where are you going?" Jackass asks in confusion.
"Going to check up on the others. I want to make sure they're adjusting well here, especially
A2." I said, remembering her reaction when she first set foot in the impossible box and met
everyone.
Jackass grins. "Hehe yeah. The face she made when she saw everyone was priceless!
Especially 2P's. She nearly took her head off!"
[It's a good thing 042 stopped her before it could get really bloody]
I leave [Satan's Soul] and enter the elevator to Floor 39: [The Aquarium].
Just like all of the other floors, [The Aquarium] is dimensionally transcendental. Paths made
of indestructible glass, showcasing the vast oceanic ecosystem beyond. Species of all kinds
are here: sharks, octopi, seals, whales, sea plants, jellyfish, manta rays, dolphins, and so on.
The floor perfectly replicates the environment, attuned uniquely to each species so they can
thrive. It automatically provides them with the healthiest food of each species on a timely
basis, and even the water is enhanced to passively heal the aquatic creatures of any sort of
diseases and parasites.
In short, it's paradise here.
I tread through the translucent path, an orca passing me by.
I always liked going to the aquarium as a kid. The first time I went was on a field trip back in
elementary school and I got to see a dolphin for the first time. I waved at it and I could have

sworn it waved back with its fin, though I could just be remembering it wrong. My parents
would then start taking me and my brother afterwards. A penguin tried to steal my chocolate
bar once. I was honestly surprised and a little scared, but now I look back on it fondly.
My footsteps grind to a halt as I see a new face here: A2. She was standing there, looking at
the sea life with awe.
Pod 042 floating next to her, silent. Hard to tell what it's thinking since it has no face.
Sensing my presence, A2 and her pod turn in my direction.
"Azule… or do I call you Asmodeus?" A2 asks as his harem gave her different names to call
him by.
I shrug. "Eh. Whichever's comfortable."
A2 hums. She turns her attention back to the world on the other side of the glass.
I walk forward a little but stop, respecting her space.
"What do you think? Anything you want to say about this place? Passing remarks?" I ask.
"It's insane." A2 whispers outloud. "This place… I'm not even sure if the right words exist to
describe it. The further I go, the more impossible it gets."
"Observation: The [Aincrad's] architecture defies all logic. Navigation is impossible." 042
said.
"And its residents. They're all so… different. Colorful, strong. I…" A2 pauses. Her voice is
small, vulnerable. "I feel out of place. Even the Resistance seems to have found a place here
already."
"Well, it's understandable you feel that way. You just got here." I said.
The two of us remain silent.
"... why did you invite me? Invite us?" A2 asks, her tone burning with emotion. "You have all
of this power and resources. You can easily do whatever you want. But instead… you're just
helping us. We may as well be insects to you."
I huff in amusement. "You answered your own question: I'm doing whatever I want. And
what I want is for you to live. Is that reason enough for you?"
A2's eyes widened at his admission. No one, no one has ever said that to her. Ever.
"Do…Do you really mean that?" A2 says, her voice cracking.
"I wouldn't have said that if I didn't mean it." I say with a smirk.

Something broke inside her. Quietly. Irreparably. The ancient Android, broken by the truth
and reforged by years of battle and cold resolve. The same woman who rarely let anyone
close, shatters before the words of this stranger who only knew her for an hour. All because
he saw her, the lonely, vulnerable creature behind the ancient mask of a hardened warrior.
She cried. She hasn't cried in— she genuinely couldn't remember. She cried silently.
I take two steps forward before wrapping A2 into a tight embrace.
"It's okay. You don't have to hold it in anymore…" I whisper as I stroke her head.
"Nobody… nobody's ever-" A2's body cracks between sobs, swallows, then starts again.
"..." Pod 042 remains silent, observing her partner break down before the impossible being.
After several minutes, A2 started to regain her composure and pulled away, her eyes red and
puffy, dry teartracks visible on her pale skin.
"Better?" I ask softly and she nods.
"Yeah. I… I'm good. Just tired." A2's smile was soft, vulnerable. It gives her a completely
different vibe, more approachable.
"Well if you're tired, we have spare rooms on the 6th floor. Or I can take you to the 21th floor
and have Lamy and 21 give you a check up. You look like you could use some serious
maintenance." I suggested.
A2 blinks at the offer. "Maintenance."
"Observation: YoRHa Type A No.2 has gone 4 years without YoRHa assistance. Estimations
predict that the unit has 250 more years of operation before suffering total system failure."
Pod 042 chimes.
[250 years!? Just what does YoRHa use to make them, Gundanium!?]
"In that case, let's go. I'm sure 21, Lamy, and Jackass will be eager to help. Especially
Jackass." I said.
A2 shudders at the mention of Jackass. "Is that nutjob seriously involved?"
I scratch the back of my head. "Well, 21 and Lamy seem to have taken a liking to her. And
Jackass doesn't seem all that bad (I think)."
Pod 042 floats towards me. "Proposal: This unit will share information to Azule Asmodeus
Rose while A2 undergoes maintenance."
[Oh right. A2 did mention something about enemies]
"Alright. But you can just call me either Azule or Asmodeus." I said.

"Acknowledged. This unit will refer to the humanoid entity as 'Asmodeus'." 042 states.
I lead A2 to the elevator and return to [Satan's Soul]. The pod downloads YoRHa android
data to Lamy's tablet and the two leave while Jackass drags A2 further in, giggling like a
madwoman. All the while a pleading A2 watches us leave.
The elevator ascends until it opens to a familiar corridor leading to the [Control Room].
We arrive and see Delta, Sigma, and Church is the middle of a conversation.
"Hey, I'm telling you that's what I saw." Church said.
"So…" Sigma massages his virtual forehead. "You are saying that you turned into a…
vampire by Caboose? You realize how farfetched that is, yes?"
"Not so, Sigma. During my brief time with Caboose, I have theorized that his high
probability of survival is mainly due to his chaotic nature. He also appears to have the ability
to attract and befriend anyone… or annoy them to death." Delta states.
Epsilon-Caboose appears. "I heard my name! I'm here!"
Church groans. "No Caboose. No one called you."
"Oh! Okay." Epsilon-Caboose vanished.
"Caboose's memories appear to be the more dominant ones." Sigma turns to Church. "How
do you deal with him?"
"Honestly, I don't know. I just learned to tune him out whenever he says something dumb and
just say 'Shut up Caboose', which is all the time." Church replies. "Also, being a vampire
sucks. Not because of all the weaknesses but because there wasn't anything good to eat. Griff
and Tucker aren't exactly 5-star meals, Simmons is half-robot and Lopez is a full robot,
Caboose is Caboose and Sarge… let's just say he's more gunpowder than blood."
"How did he even turn you into a vampire?" Sigma asks.
Church thinks back.
Flashback
Church is standing on the rooftop of outpost Alpha-1 in Blood Gulch, same old empty"BLEEEEH!" Caboose jumps down from nowhere and bites his arm.
"OW!" Church rifle whips Caboose (Caboose: Ah! The side of my face!).
"What the fuck Caboose?! You just bit me! With your… helmet… on. How the fuck does that
even work!?"
Flashback end

"… no comment." Church said.
The three Freelancer AIs turn their attention to the Approaching Asmodeus and 042.
"Hello sir. And hello to you as well, 042." Delta greets them.
"Yes. Hello." Sigma follows up.
"Sup." Church's greeting was more casual.
"Greetings are acknowledged." 042 said.
"What the hell kind of response is that?" Church questioned.
"He's a drone, Church. Its AI isn't as complex as you guys, since it isn't a copy of someone's
brain. He's mainly for support rather than having an identity, operating on logic and data." I
explained.
"So, basically Delta." Church surmised.
I shrug. "Kinda."
"I would like to say I take offense to that." Delta said.
"Situation: This pod contains information. Permission to link to the main console required."
042 "asks".
The three fragments look at each other before turning back to 042.
"Permission granted. Stabilizing wireless connection now." Delta said.
Lights and beeping come from the console as Delta's, Sigma's, and Church's glow brighter
before it all quickly ends as it came.
"Upload complete." 042 states.
"Data received. Beginning decryption." Sigma informs.
"Wow. Freaky." Church said.
The projector activates and it shows holograms of monstrous looking Machines and zombie
Androids, all of them showing clear signs of Chaos corruption.
[Those are some nasty-looking bastards]
But by far, the most intimidating has to be the island-sized Machine that looks vaguely like a
raven but twisted. Skeletal, like a harbinger of death.
"This Machine lifeform was encountered 6.2 days prior. It did not attack due to its high
altitude. A2 has christened the Machine [Yatagarasu] based on human mythology records."
042 said.

'Yatagarasu?'
[The divine Japanese Death Crow. It's a messenger of the Gods and a guide, though it
sometimes is associated with Shinigami]
I stare at the hologram. The Machine's body is covered in a thick layer of rust that has
darkened. Its head bolted to the body, its optics loosed, almost dangling from its sockets. Two
beam cannons replace the claws. It's kept in the air with an anti-gravity generator. Its large
wings are brittle and rusty like everything else; just for show.
The Machine was the personification of decay; a rotting corpse. A2 gave it a fitting name.
It then switches to another projection.
'Is that… 9S?'
It was 9S, but he was different. He looked much like how he had during the final battle with
A2, with 2B's arm and blade replacing his lost ones. Except now he was hunched back,
crystals sprouting from his back adding extra weight. The irises in his eyes are multicolored
but glazed, like a doll's.
[Damn, the corruption was not kind to him]
"Observation: YoRHa No.9 Type S has been infected by an unknown alien pathogen. Similar
side effects have been sighted on YoRHa Android units that have been terminated but
continue to function. Current theory is that pathogen is the cause of the undead phenomena.
Further, YoRHa No.9 Type S has shown signs of [Logic Virus] infection." 042 speculates.
"Recommendation: Maintain a safe distance. Do not engage."
"That is ill advised." Delta counters. "[Chaos Energy] is powered by thoughts and emotions.
The infection grows stronger through the hosts' mental and emotional state. Based on the
observations on the Resistance, the YoRHa Androids exhibit emotional and mental
complexities that are near human. It is logical to assume the infection is feeding on their
emotional instability and is making the enemy stronger but more feral."
Translation: The longer we wait, the stronger the enemy becomes. And the further the
infection spreads.
"Feral…" I mouthed the words and glanced at the hologram of 9S.
[You're thinking about saving 9S, I can hear your thoughts. Even if we remove the
Chaos Energy out of him, the Logic Virus will still be present. Not to mention with his
mind on the verge of breaking, a fight may be inevitable]
"There is a chance that the vaccine may liberate the effects of the infection, but not outright
cure it." Delta adds.
"It is a gamble. But we are known for taking bets and winning." Sigma proclaims with a
smugness in his tone, almost like pride.

042 looks at Sigma. "Retort: Your proclamations are illogical. Probability predicts-"
"Let me stop you right there. When it comes to us, numbers are irrelevant. You will most
definitely explode if you try to analyze us." I interject.
"Heh. Damn straight!" Church adds with a laugh.
"... acknowledged."
Church decides to break awkward silence.
"Yeah well. This has been a nice chat, really informative." The sarcasm dripping from his
words is clear as day. "Are we done here? I have stuff to do."
"No, you don't." Sigma said.
"Yes I doaAAAAAAH!"
"CHURCH!" I call out as Church's hologram starts to glitch, becoming corrupted.
"Alert: Unauthorized breach detected." 042 announces as Church's hologram freezes in place.
… and turns red.
"Warning: Data signature matches that of [Logic Virus]." 042 states.
Church finds himself back in the cyberspace of the [Logic Virus]. But something wasn't
right.
The data around him was erratic where there was order, chaos where there was unity.
It almost felt... hurt.
The platform Church was standing on gives way, and he leaps to the other side just as it
crumbles to nothing.
"What the fuck is going on!?" Church yells to the red void.
The Red Girls appear, but their bodies are glitched; garbled.
They look… scared.
"What-"
"We made a mistake." Red Girl A said, her voice glitched.
"We underestimated this… infection." Red Girl B adds.
"She has taken over."

"We have lost control."
"The network… locked us out…"
"She?" Church said.
"She is the core." Red Girl A clarifies.
"Battles. Loops." Red Girl B adds.
"Despair, anguish, pain." Red Girl A lists down.
"Virus was the catalyst. Infection is the trigger."
"The queen to a dead kingdom. No hope for salvation."
The girls' bodies begin to dissipate.
"Beware the Black Queen." The twins plead before vanishing completely.
Before Church can ask, the platform he's on crumbles and he falls.
Church gasps, his hologram returning to its normal color.
"Church!" I exclaimed.
"Notice: Virus readings have returned to normal." 042 announced.
"Are you alright, Alpha?" A concerned Sigma asks his counterpart.
Church shakes his head. "I'm fine. I…"
"What happened?" I asked.
"It was those red girls again." Church replies. "Except now they seemed spooked by some
black queen or something."
"Black queen?"
A beeping sound suddenly comes from Pod 042.
"Notice: Distress beacon detected. ID signal matches Pod 153." 042 announced.
'Pod 153? That's 9S' pod.' I thought. "Where's the signal coming from?"
The main screen activates to show a map and a blinking red dot.
"The signal is being transmitted from the Oil Field in the Desert Zone, located north of the
City Ruins." 042 said. "It will take us 2.4 hours by foot to arrive."

"Or 20 seconds." I start inputting the coordinates. "If I get this right, we should arrive right at
the moment the beacon was sent."
"Observation: You are referring to temporal manipulation. That is theoretically impossible."
042 states sounding almost… intrigued? Distressed? Hard to tell with the drone.
I huff.
"You'll learn that around here, 'impossible' is our main specialty." I pull the lever.
The room rumbles as the engines come to life. The [Aincrad] flickers in and out before
disappearing from the city. It rides through the [Time Vortex] like a surfer riding the ocean
waves, its wheezing and groaning bringing life to a realm devoid of it.
The perspective changes to the Oil Field entrance in the desert as a familiar blue box flickers
into existence before solidifying completely.
The door opens and I walk out with 042 and Church on my side.
"Scanning complete. The distress beacon originates 30 feet above our current position." 042
states.
The door opens again and 2P steps out.
"2P? What are you doing?"
2P steps forward. "I wish to come with you. I would like to meet the one who partnered with
my template."
[She does realize that 9S is insane, right? Not exactly someone you can have a
conversation with]
I shrug. "Whatever. Let's get moving."
"This is gonna be great." Church's sarcasm strikes again as we head in.
Despite the name, the Oil Field isn't a facility. Rather, it is a large oil spill the size of a lake
inside a canyon. YoRHa soldiers would also be stationed here to sell supplies as well as do a
side-quest for Jackass to get E-Drugs.
Now the outpost is just deserted. Empty.
"Alert: movement detected." 042 announced.
Something crashes from up above. It's an anthropomorphic gray and black robotic creature
whose legs had extended knees resembling those of an insect like a Mantis, a slim torso with
multiple orange lights on the abdomen, large pectoral plates of armor with similar orange
lights, bulky shoulder plates, and long arms with extended elbows resembling blades that
were on fire. It had multiple spiky protrusions on its back, and its head was smooth and ovallike with metal folding inward on its face towards a singular large eye.

Infected Technobeast
Level: 345
HP: 545,174
MP: 0
SP: 609,453
AP: 0
[Technobeast? That's definitely not a native machine]
"Unable to ID target. Proceed with caution." 042 said.
2P takes her sword and drops into a stance.
The Technobeast lunges, no, it blurs, like a frame was skipped.
"!" I push 2P aside just as the Technobeast swings its elbow blade down, leaving a crevice on
the ground.
"Pod, stay with 2P." I order and the pod obeys.
The Technobeast turns to me, its optics flashing an eerie red.
I pull forth my [Skywalker Lightsaber] and my [Darksaber] and ignite them both.
"Let's dance asshole."
The Technobeast lunges and I follow, immediately exchanging blows as their limbs into blurs
to the untrained eye.
However, the anthropomorphic machine starts to become overwhelmed by the micro-second
changes in the technique and grip its enemy is performing, its mind cannot process and keep
up.
[It's faltering. Now's your chance!]
Seeing the opening, I swing both sabers sideways to form an x, the result rips the machine
apart.
You have defeated Technobeast! You have gained 342,981 EXP! You have gained
323,109 Credits!
Level Up!
"This thing…" 2P suddenly speaks up. "This creature is the same one that attacked me."
[So she was attacked by one these things]

"You destroyed an enemy I could not. Your grip and technique changed every microsecond to
slowly overwhelm its computations." 2P looks at me. "My data on humans show them as
contradictory creatures, yet you and your group show skills and abilities that are not present
in any human."
[Oh? Now she seems interested in you]
"What ARE you?"
I blink and scratch my head.
"Well, it's not that easy to explain. The best way to describe it is that being a multiversal
explorer exposes you to a lot of information. Like martial arts techniques." I raise my hand
and a ball of [Ki] appears in my palm. "[Ki] is by far the most teachable technique. Then
there's [Aura] which is a barrier born from the soul, giving you a protective shield. And
lastly there's [Chaos Energy] which is essentially thoughts turned into power." I close my
fist and the ball vanishes. "A while ago, a phenomenon unleashed [Chaos Energy] across the
multiverse, resulting in all of these… mutations."
"... can you remove it?" 2P asks.
"I can remove it from people, but from the universe itself? That's complicated." I said. "The
scale of the [Chaos Energy] dispersed and the amount of time that has passed since then
makes it impossible for a simple and easy fix, even for me unfortunately."
I may be the [God of Chaos] and have access to [Super Chaos Mode] , but due to the scale
and time passed since the [Genesis Wave] was unleashed, even I couldn't just wave my hand
and reset everything.
"This energy is fundamental, it's basically what holds the universe together. Normally, it can't
be harnessed outside of magic or objects of power."
"Objects of power…?"
I nod. "In my case, I have the [Chaos Emeralds] which are the physical conduits to
the [Chaos Force]. And exposure to them allowed me and several others access to [Chaos
Energy]."
"Query: What makes your group unaffected by the mutations?" 042 asks.
[That's a very good question. Try to work your way out of this one]
"Having a prerequisite mastery of energy helps, especially when said energy comes from
your soul." Taps his chest. "Having a mastery of yourself is the primary step. It makes
the [Chaos Energy] synergize with you, allowing you access to all the benefits with none of
the downsides. Granted, that's not the same for everyone." My expression turns solemn. "A
lot of the girls were experimented on in order to artificially channel [Chaos Energy]. Their
bodies were surgically alternated to contain and harness the power, among other things I don't
really want to talk about."

2P opens her mouth but quickly closes it. She clearly wanted to know more, but realized that
she may cross a line if she did.
042 detected this and also kept to himself.
I may be a flexible and an overall opportunist, but even I know where to draw the line. I care
about the girls, and it wasn't my place to air out their trauma on a total stranger whom they've
only known for less than a day.
We climb, or rather, leap and land on the cliff edge and walk upwards where the outpost is.
It wasn't long before we found Pod 153, or rather what was left. The drone was a wreck, torn
to pieces.
[Wow. Whoever did this knew how to use a sword]
Tobi's right. The slash marks on the pod's body were surgical, master strokes.
Not from a Machine, but from someone with extensive combat experience.
"GRRRAAAAAAAAAAH!" A deafening scream grabs our attention and we rush towards it
only to arrive at a harrowing sight.
9S is lifted by his neck as the [Chaos Energy] is drained out of him by an entity shrouded in
black with two red dots for eyes. His limbs have been cut clean off, sprawled around like
garbage. His torso sliced open vertically, revealing his [Black Box] flickering on and off. The
crystals on his back are broken, almost pulverized. His face was cracked, synthetic skin gone
and half of his face was missing, revealing his exoskeleton and exposed eyeball.
"Ouch. Brutal." Church reels back at the brutal sight.
"Alert: Unknown energy signature detected." 042 states.
Once drained, the entity throws 9S like garbage and crashes just a few feet away from us.
"2… 2…" 9S' glitchy voice calls out before going limp, his [Black Box] going dark.
[2? Don't tell me that's-]
"Confirmed: Data signature bears a 92% match to unit 2B."
Name: 2B
Title: 2E, YoRHa No.2 Type E, Black Queen
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Affiliation: YoRHa
Race: Android

Level: 789
HP: 982,210
MP: 964,689
SP: 981,530
AP: 0
Background: 2E was part of the new line of YoRHa Executioner androids,
incorporating YoRHa Type A No.2's synthetic body and personal data into her design.
As part of YoRHa, she's been indoctrinated to shut off her emotions and kill machine
lifeforms with every roll-out and reformatting. She was given the designation of 2B as a
cover by Commander White, who gave her orders to observe one of the new Scanner
models in action during YoRHa's operations against the machines, with her model
frequently being paired up with and produced in tandem with his. Her role was to
ensure that 9S would not discover the true nature of Project YoRHa by executing him in
case he dug too deep because of the natural curiosity programmed into him, without her
knowing the truth herself. Over the course of hundreds of operations, 2B was forced to
kill 9S and wipe his memory countless times, an act that she came to hate for the pain it
caused her after bonding with him over that time. Sometime after her death at the
hands of A2, the ambient [Chaos Energy] detected the android's intense negative
feelings towards herself; reviving and transforming her, becoming the Black Queen and
granting her access to the [Chaos Force] and by extension [Negative Chaos Energy].
Through this, the Black Queen can control other infected and mutated Androids and
Machine Lifeforms.
Strength: Her perpetual state of [Dark Super Form] not only enhances her already
powerful combat abilities, but also grants her access to magic, light-speed movement,
flight, and Chaos-related abilities such as the iconic Chaos Control and Chaos Blast.
Weakness: Much like all of the resurrected YoRHa Androids, 2B doesn't retain any of
her original personality and opts to fight like a berserker. Also, the remnants of her
mind constantly attempt to regain control, resulting in the Black Queen's movements
becoming sluggish for a brief time.
Personal thoughts: n/a
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: God Physiology, Information Analysis, Weapon Mastery, Movement
Mastery, Marksmanship Mastery, Stealth Mastery, Acrobatics Mastery, Machine
Control, Energy Manipulation, Afterimage Creation, Spatial Manipulation, Lightspeed
Flight, Damage Absorption, Telekinesis, System Reboot (Via pods), Virus Manipulation,
Pod Synchronization, Self-Sustenance, High-Speed Regeneration, Dark Chaos Mode,
Chaos Powers

Ultimate Skill: n/a
2B takes 9S' [Cruel Oath] from his grip before turning her head in our direction.
Suddenly, a hand reaches towards 2P.
"!" I activate the [Deva Path] to push 2P and 042 away, letting the 2B grab nothing but
empty space where 2P's face was a microsecond ago.
2B stumbles past me as the momentum from her attack pushes her forward, until she raises
her right leg forward and plants it to the ground stopping her in her tracks.
She doesn't waste another moment and lunges forward, [Cruel Oath] poised ahead for a
sure-lethal blow.
I pull forth [Rebellion] and parry her attack, throwing her across the canyon; all in a single
moment.
But 2B stops herself mid-fall and charges straight towards me.
I meet her head on and the two of us lock in a heated exchange.
Demon steel met Chaotic corruption. Each exchange rang out like thunderclaps across the
entire area.
2B was no slouch with the blade, years of combat data uploaded into her mind made sure of
that. But I was a [Blade God]. I have both the raw output and the technique. It only took
about 3 minutes for 2B to stagger and become overwhelmed.
2B blocks my attack a second too late and she is thrown downwards, crashing straight into
the sand like a meteor.
I descended onto the crater where 2B landed, already pulling herself up, [Negative Chaos
Energy] already healing the damage.
[We need to syphon the negative energy out of her or else she'll just keep coming back]
"Yeah." I reach out to her but before I can start something blasts me out of the crater.
Damage to Aura: 4,300,710
50% cut by [Resilient Body]
Calculating new values...
Damage reduced to 2,150,355
I catch myself before tumbling further and look up. Two figures rise up from the crater, both
male, with the left one carrying 2B bridal style.
Name: Adam

Title: Brother, Human Researcher, The Seeker
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Affiliation: n/a
Race: Machine
Level: 600
HP: 842,109
MP: 822,001
SP: 855,391
AP: 0
Background: Adam and Eve were born during a fight that involved 2B and 9S
destroying another machine nest, in which the machines began to repeat "This. Cannot.
Continue." Before suddenly coming to a stop and then crawling together to form a
cocoon unlike anything seen before. From it, Adam is born. Adam was born confused
and openly wonders why the androids were attacking him. He is stabbed from behind
by 9S and from the front by 2B, oddly bleeding red as a human would. He falls to the
ground, unmoving, and from him Eve is born. As time went on, Adam developed a
fascination with humans and desired to mimic them, reading books and wearing clothes
just to be more human-like much to his twin's confusion, even building the Copied City
to mimic human civilization. He desires to understand human nature to an obsessive
degree, finding their complexity and fragility fascinating. But most importantly, he
wished to understand death and why humans feared it so much. He cut himself off from
the machine network, effectively making him "mortal" so that he can die for real.
Strength: Adam was extremely intelligent and logical to a fault, always remaining
composed rather than emotional like Eve. He has advanced combat abilities, such as
teleportation and energy attacks, and while connected to the machine network he could
regenerate and access enormous computational resources. These abilities are enhanced
further with [Dark Chaos Mode] restoring his ability to regenerate without the machine
network.
Weakness: Adam's desire to understand humanity becomes a fixation, often prioritizing
knowledge over survival. He lacks the emotional understanding that comes to
understanding human nature and so has issues with concepts like love, hate, and
ultimately death. He is completely dependent on Eve's relationship and without him, he
falls into a spiral of despair and nihilism.
Personal thoughts: n/a
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)

Unique Skill: God Physiology, Reactive Evolution, Energy Manipulation, Energy
Projection, Telekinesis,
Teleportation, Hacking Manipulation, Data Manipulation, Afterimage Creation, Matter
Manipulation, Digital Immortality, Intangibility, Barrier Creation, Damage Absorption,
Explosion Manipulation, Gravity Manipulation, Dark Chaos Mode, Chaos Powers,
High-speed Regeneration
Ultimate Skill: n/a
Name: Eve
Title: The Giver, The Berserker
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
Affiliation: n/a
Race: Machine
Level: 600
HP: 842,109
MP: 822,001
SP: 855,391
AP: 0
Background: [Expand]
Strength: Eve is much physically stronger than Adam, and prefers action over study
and excels in direct confrontation, making him a dangerous close-range fighter. He is
fiercely loyal and protective of his brother. Unlike Adam, who approaches humanity
intellectually, Eve understands relationships on a more emotional level.
Weakness: Eve is prone to anger and impulsive decisions. Unlike Adam, Eve rarely
thinks deeply about philosophy, long-term planning, or understanding the world. This
makes him less adaptable intellectually and more dependent on Adam's guidance.
Because Eve is driven primarily by emotion, opponents can often anticipate his
reactions.
Personal thoughts: n/a
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)

Unique Skill: God Physiology, Martial Arts Mastery, True Flight, Digital Immortality,
Telekinesis, Reactive Evolution, Teleportation, High-speed Regeneration, Afterimage
Creation, Energy Manipulation, Energy Projection, Barrier Creation, Danmaku,
Gravity Manipulation, Hacking Manipulation, Data Manipulation, Dark Chaos Mode,
Chaos Powers
Ultimate Skill: n/a
The twins vanish in an instant, using Chaos Control to escape.
I try to track them, but with the planet oversaturated in [Chaos Energy] it's hard to pinpoint
their location. "Damn."
[They'll be a tricky lot to deal with. If they can use the ambient Chaos Energy to hide
from your senses they can be anywhere]
'No shit.' I said. 'Adam and Eve's [Reaction Evolution] skill is similar to a Saiyan's [Zenkai] ,
meaning they can get stronger with every near-death experience. And with [Negative Chaos
Energy] now enhancing them...'
[We should head back and tell everyone]
I fly back to the canyon and see 2P and 042 waiting by the [Aincrad]. They were holding 9S
and 153's remains.
I land and notice what they're holding. "You want to bring them with us?"
"…They did not deserve this. And after so much warfare and the infestation of mutated
Androids and Machines, I wish to help as much as I can." 2P admitted as she was looking at
9S.
I blink at her admission. That's likely the most I've heard her say since I met her.
"Alright. I'll have the girls have a look at them. Maybe we'll get more information on what
2B wants."
I unlock the door and we all enter the box.
Later - Satan's Soul
9S' [Black Box] pulses faintly as it's connected to the equipment, keeping it "alive" as
Jackass and the others work on him.
21 reads his brain scans.
"He's suffering from Complex Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (C-PTSD), clinical depression,
and psychosis. The [Logic Virus] has severely corrupted his personality and memory data,
and his exposure to [Chaos Energy] only exacerbated his schizophrenia."
"Poor kid." Jackass mutters.

"It's a miracle he even got as far as he did." 21 remarks. "His love for 2B literally kept him
together."
I turn to Kisuke, Lamy, and 042 examining Pod 153's remains. "Anything salvageable?"
"Quite a lot actually. The pod's AI core is miraculously intact. We just need to build a new
casing to install it." Kisuke said.
042 picks up 153's core: a cube the size of a marble.
"Analysis: Data core at 97% integrity. It simply requires a casing that meets performance
parameters."
"It's a good thing that she missed. If 2B had attacked a little deeper, there wouldn't be
anything to salvage." Lamy adds.
'Did she really?' I thought back to 2B's profile. Her original personality was constantly
fighting to regain control of her body.
[It could be that the original 2B intervened at the last moment, making the Black Queen
miss on purpose]
"Can 9S be saved?" 2P asks.
21 frowns.
"That's… complicated. His condition keeps worsening at an accelerated rate. His mind keeps
fracturing and he has lost some of his memories." 21 states. "The logical thing to do would be
a total system reset, but due to the virus' adaptive capabilities, it will simply persist after the
wipe and continue to attack his logic circuits."
"... what if we separate 9S' from his body and just leave the virus inside?" I suggest.
"You are talking about soul extraction." Kisuke strokes the chin. "The androids' souls are
human enough I suppose. It could work in theory. But to cut the virus' influence over requires
someone of Kurotsuchi's level. His knowledge on soul biology slightly exceeds mine."
"Well, maybe Asmodeus-sama can do something about it." Lamy chimes in as all eyes turn to
me.
I blink. "... you're right." I step forward and activate [Almighty Magic]. 9S' [Black
Box] glows as an orb of pale blue light rises from within it as well as red straps binding it.
Kisuke's eyes widened at the unexpected sight. "Fascinating…"
"Stubborn little thing, aren't you." I remark as the virus strengthens its grip. "Sadly for you,
I'm too determined to stop."
[Destruction Ki] envelops the red bindings and immediately destroys them, freeing it
completely.

[9S' Soul]
The soul of 9S, outside its [Black Box]. It contains all of 9S' memories and personality as
well as the hard-coded design schematics for his appearance and abilities.
"Confirmed: YoRHa No.9 Type S has ceased functioning." 042 said
21 slowly points at the orb in my hand. "What… is that?"
"This-" I stare at the orb lightly pulsing. "Is 9S' soul."
Kisuke steps forward, his attention squarely on the soul. "There doesn't seem to be any
imperfections. None at all." He looks at me and his smile grows wider. "Do you have any
idea what you just did? You actually performed a perfect Soul-Body Separation without the
need for a [Gokon Tekkō] and Soul Surgery without any equipment!" He laughs. "Incredible.
Simply incredible!"
I could just recreate 9S' body here and now. It'd be child's play with my [Creation] authority,
but I get the feeling that if I do Kisuke would become even more annoying.
'First, I should build a container to keep his soul from dissipating.' Light surrounds the soul
before solidifying into a glass case, the soul suspended in the middle by crystals. 'That should
do the trick.'
Just then, the clicking of heels echo the lab and I turn to see Jackass and a restored A2, with
the latter wearing a standard YoRHa outfit consisting of a high-slit black turtleneck dress
with open cleavage obscured by a black lace-patterned fabric, black gloves, and dark thighhigh garter stockings with black lining underneath thigh-high black leather boots equipped
with heels. The key difference is she isn't wearing a blindfold.
[Damn. A2 can definitely pass off as 2B's twin]
"Well, what do ya think? Is she good or is she good?" A grinning Jackass said.
"You look great, A2." I say with a charming smile, causing the Android to blush.
"My, my. Already working your charm on the poor girl, Asmodeus-kun?" Kisuke fans
himself. "You are such a playboy~"
[He's not wrong]
'Shut up.' I said.
A2 sees the container and approaches it. "What's this?"
"That's 9S' soul." I reveal and the two freeze.
A2's jaw dropped.
"Hi-HIS SOUL!?"

"Cool!" Jackass said.
"Yep. With the damage he's taken coupled with the [Logic Virus] , it was the only way to
preserve him while freeing him from the effects." I explained. "All that's left now is to give
him a new body."
"Then we should go to the Bunker. When an android dies, their consciousness is uploaded to
the servers in the Bunker where they can be downloaded into a new body." A2 said.
"The Bunker, huh." I said. 'I was already planning on heading up there, but it seems A2 beat
me to the punch.'
[You can bring a few of the girls with you. A2 can help you navigate the satellite]
"Asmodeus-kun, may I come with you? I'd like to know more about how the YoRHa androids
are developed." 21 said.
"I'm definitely coming. You'll need someone to show you the way." A2 says with finality, like
it was obvious that she'd be coming which wasn't wrong.
"Thanks, you two. Wait for me at the [Hangar Bay] , I'll go see if anyone else wants to
come." The two take their leave.
[Why don't you just use Instant Transmission?]
'Because that's too easy and the Rogue Shadow is just collecting dust down there. I didn't get
it just because it looked cool.' I replied and left.
Later
The Rogue Shadow leaves the stratosphere as it leaves the Earth.
'This ship really lives up to its reputation in Star Wars.' I thought as I pilot the ship. Its heavy
feel did nothing to its speed.
Next to me is A2 with 21, Grail, Divine, Natasha, and 042. Everyone else was either busy
with training or other personal matters to come.
Still, the fact that all of them were super-intelligent, extremely skilled fighters, and morally
flexible made them ideal for stuff that might get questionable.
[If by "personal" you mean a giant fight breaking out that left both bars a total wreck
and forced them to clean up then yeah, sure]
"Then Bunker's just ahead." A2 says as the massive space station is quickly in view. "The
hangar's too small for the ship, so we need to use the emergency hatch. It's on the far right,
near the main communication dish."
"Any security measures we need to be wary of?" Natasha asked. Despite the Rogue Shadow
having exceptional stealth systems that made it both invisible and undetectable, she still felt

the need to ask to be sure.
"The Bunker has an automated defense system. Usually used for destroying any wayward
space debris, though I doubt its operational anymore." A2 states as the [Logic Virus] ravages
any computer network.
"But just in case." I activate the ship's cloaking device.
The Rogue Shadow approaches the Bunker. It heads towards the main communication dish
and stops right next to the emergency hatch.
The side of the ship opens as a boarding bridge extends and magnetically attaches around the
hatch.
"C'mon." We walk across the bridge and reach the hatch.
A2 opens it and we walk inside. The halls are smaller and go upwards in a slope. The walls
and floors are decorated with a cold monochromatic color, making you feel as though you've
stepped into a mausoleum.
"... it's just as I remember." A2 said.
"I'm surprised the station has a working life support system." 21 said.
"Yeah, me too." Church's hologram suddenly appears.
"Church!? What are you doing here?!" I yelled.
Church shrugs. "Because I felt like it."
I groan as I rub the bridge of my nose. "Of course…"
[On the bright side, having Church here may be useful. He is one of the few who isn't
affected by the virus]
We move deeper into the Bunker, fluorescent lights and machinery hum in the background as
a constant reminder of its existence. The layout of the Bunker is the same as in the game. Its
circular layout allows for easy access to areas of interest, though the access point used for fast
travel was ripped apart.
As we move forward, signs of battles start to decorate the walls; bullet holes, slash marks and
spiderwebs. Several android bodies are laying around, most of them having been torn apart
rather violently.
"Damn." Natasha whispers under her breath. Even someone like her can be unnerved by this
level of brutality.
"They did this to themselves." A2 says casually, expecting this outcome.
[Poor guys]

"That's cold, A2." 21 chastised but said android didn't care.
"But not inaccurate." Divine narrows her eyes in suspicion.
"The virus has turned these machines into savages. And the [Chaos Energy] may have
changed to suit their new savagery." Grail smirks, looking forward to the inevitable battle.
"Alert: movement detected." 042 announces.
6 androids burst from the surrounding debris, their bodies ravaged by damage and the
crystals sprouting from their bodies. They're all equipped with blades corrupted with [Chaos
Energy].
Chaos-Infected Android
Level: 455
HP: 567,333
MP: 600,102
SP: 589,012
AP: 0
"Oh, fun!" Grail fires her [Omega Beam] at two of the androids, destroying them.
Two androids lunge while the last two stay behind and energy attacks.
[They're coordinated for berserkers. I wonder if the virus is allowing them to
instinctually tap into their combat data]
A2 intercepts one with her blade, engaging in a deadlock. Divine tries to punch through the
other only to use Chaos Control to vanish only to reappear and slash her from behind.
"That was a bad move." Divine's body glows grey as her [Aura] tanks the attack. "Now I'm
pissed."
Divine grabs the android's neck and, without wasting a second, rips its head right of the base.
Wires and blood spill everywhere, metallic spine dangles in the air as sparks fly everywhere.
[Holy shit!]
"Thank god she listens to the boss. I do not want to be on her bad side." Church shuddered.
21 sidesteps each energy shot as she quickly closes the space between her and the last two
androids before unleashing two palm strikes then finishes them off with a fast combination
attack: left jab, right cross, knee. The strength and momentum's enough to rip their bodies
apart.
[Damn, your harem's strong as hell]

*SHING!*
A2 bibisets the android, killing it.
"Well that was easy." Church said.
I facepalm. "You just jinxed us, you idiot."
Immediately, something fell on the ground that made the floor shake under us. Standing up
were two androids who're covered with what looks to be layers of metallic coating that seem
to ripple with each movement in a way that somewhat resembles water. They both have
glowing golden eyes, though I noticed some crystals protruding from their backs.
[That's new]
"Warning: enemy models do not match YoRHa database. Suggestion: Engage with caution."
Sentinel Android
Level: 548
HP: 855,321
MP: 843,121
SP: 891,091
AP: 0
"Sentinel…?" I whispered.
Natasha whips her head towards me. "Sentinels?! Those mutant-hunting robots?!" She grits
her teeth. "Of all things to find in space…"
"Confirmed: Enemy models now categorized under the name 'Sentinel'." 042 said.
The Sentinels were designed and engineered for the explicit purpose of hunting and
eradicating mutants. Their lethality comes from their relentless artificial intelligence,
adaptability, and lack of emotion. And each iteration improves on what the last generation
fell short, making them a near unstoppable force.
One of the Sentinel's eyes light up and fire a beam of concentrated [Chaos Energy] at me at
lightspeeds but [Mind's Eye] and [Autonomous Ultra Instinct] allows me sidestep the
beam's path, destroying a large section of the structure behind me.
[That was a close one]
"You piece of shit! How DARE you try to hurt my man!" Divine's eyes glow an angry red
before she flies at one of the Sentinels at hypersonic speed and tackles it away.
21 transforms into her Majin form, an angry red aura enveloping her.

"I'm gonna turn you into candy!" 21 sneers as dark pink [Ki] charges on both hands.
"Wow." Even A2 was awestruck by the girls' angry powerup.
"Trust me. This is nothing." Natasha assures her.
"Hey! Save some for me!" Grail rushes forward.
Divine drives the Sentinel to a wall and unleashes an onslaught of punches at the same
hyperspeed before firing her super-charged [Heat Vision] squared in its eyes.
21 fires pink beams at the Sentinel but it sidesteps out of the way. The attacks cause
explosions that rocket the entire station.
"They'll destroy this place before we can get anything." Church states.
The Sentinel's arms morph into blades and it lunges at 21, but she catches them with ease.
"Die." [Ki] travels from her hands and towards the Sentinel, enveloping it in the angry
energy, overloading its body and systems before exploding in pink light.
[Remind me never to get her mad]
Divine drives her arm through the Sentinel's chest, ripping its [Black Box] from its cavity.
"Oh, c'mon!" Grail pouts, actually pouts.
Divine smirks. "You should've been faster, Ms. Darkseid."
However, the [Black Box] suddenly pulses and the nanites start to converge on her hand.
"Geh!" Divine lets go and the Sentinel quickly reforms. "Shit."
The Sentinel 21 destroyed also reformed as well.
"They can regenerate?!" She exclaims.
Sentinel Android
Level: 678
HP: 1,091,321
MP: 1,070,444
SP: 1,082,431
AP: 0
[And they got stronger too. These things are living up to their infamy]

"They're not just regenerating girls… they're adapting. Learning and getting stronger from
every attack." Natasha grimly reveals.
"What are they?" A2 asks.
"They're called Sentinels. Back in my universe, those things were built for the explicit
purpose of hunting and killing Mutants. But they proved to be too difficult to control and
quickly started killing everything." Natasha explains. "Research and production of the
Sentinels was banned and all related data was sealed, but they still managed to pop up when
you least expect them to."
"Wish you said that sooner, dammit. These things are like a robot Doomsday." Divine cursed,
regretting not crushing that [Black Box] sooner.
The Sentinel's eyes light up red and fires a [Heat Vision] at Divine who avoids it barely.
"What the!? Did it just use my [Heat Vision]!?" A shocked Divine said.
The other Sentinel fires pink [Ki Blasts] at 21.
"It didn't just copy my technique, but even my own [Ki] signature!" 21 said.
"Analysis: Enemy models' regenerative and adaptive capabilities exceed those found in
machine lifeforms classified as Adam and Eve." 042 reports.
"And they'll keep evolving and adapting as the fight drags on, copying everything we throw
at them." I warn them all. "We need to completely destroy them and quickly before they get
too strong."
"You got it boss." Grail eyes glow red with the [Omega Effect] before jumping and slashing
at the Sentinel that Divine was fighting with her sword, with Natasha shooting at it with kienhanced shots from her [Widow Bites] and Divine yanking panels from the floor and
throwing them with her incredible strength.
[These things are running on Negative Chaos Energy. So infusing them with the positive
variant should disrupt their systems]
"An infusion of positive [Chaos Energy] should disrupt their systems long enough for you to
destroy their cores." I told them, drawing nods from everyone.
Without missing a beat, Natasha infuses [Chaos Energy] into her [Widow Bites] and lunges
at the blade-armed Sentinel.
The Sentinel changes its footwork and goes for precise thrusts aimed for her vitals, but the
Black Widow was still faster to a degree, twisting out of the first few stabs—but one grazed
her sleeve. She closes the distance and fires a shot point-blank, taking a chunk of its right
shoulder in the process.
Natasha watches it regenerate, but it's sluggish. Agonizingly so. The android's attention is
solely on its shoulder. Its faceless expression betrays nothing, but it felt like it was in a state

of shock.
"Out of the way, Natasha." Natasha leaps aside as 21 fires a chaos-infused [Masenko] at the
Sentinel, vaporizing it completely.
The other Sentinel slashes at Grail, bringing its sword arms down at inhuman speeds, straight
for her neck. But to the New God, its speed was slow, enough to sidestep and unleash an
onslaught of slashes with her sword.
Divine quickly closes the distance and rips out its [Black Box] again, but this time she
engulfs it with [Chaos Energy] before crushing it to bits. Its remains dissolve on the floor
like ice in the heat.
[That took less time than I thought]
"Confirmed: All enemies destroyed."
Everyone starts walking. "Let's move before we get any more surprises."
Grail stretches her arms, letting her massive breasts jiggle a little.
"That was a good workout." Her grin turns sharp, her Amazonian spirit flaring. "Now
I really want to fight those androids back on Earth."
"Just don't drag the fight any more than you should." 21 warns her. "The longer a fight goes,
the more dangerous they will get."
Grail gives her a dismissive wave. "Yeah, yeah."
"This way." A2 says as she continues to guide them, hiding her feelings with a mask of
stoicism.
Seeing their fighting prowess in action amazed her. How easily they dismantled their foes
without seemingly putting any effort. And when those Sentinels appeared, none of them
panicked. They followed Azule's command and coordinated accordingly, taking them down
despite the rising threat they posed. It just reveals the level of trust between the females and
Azule, and it made her feel a bit envious of that closeness. And their power… it's simply
indescribable.
'If only I had that kind of power…' A2 bit her lower lip slightly.
"Still, I never expected to encounter Sentinels in a place like this." Natasha admits.
"Anything is possible when the multiverse is involved, Nat. Ultron Drones
invaded [Aincrad] once." I reveal causing the agent to freeze.
"... what?"
"Don't worry, it wasn't actually Ultron but Athena. I'll tell you later."

As we go further, we come across doors with numbers on them. 6O, 5O, 21O, 8B, and 7B.
[These are androids' rooms]
I stop at 9S' room before promptly walking inside. The room itself looks the same as the
game, down to the arrangement of books on the floor.
The room has no decorations or personal items, it has the same dull monochromatic color as
everything else. As if whoever built this place wanted the androids to be as close to humans
as possible, yet constantly reminded that they're all disposable tools for an empty delusion.
[This world sure loves its ironic hells]
"What are you doing here?" I turn to A2. "You like walking into other people's rooms or
something? Though I doubt there's anything interesting here. YoRHa isn't known for
encouraging materialism." She takes a random book from a bookshelf and opens it. Instead of
pages, they were just data logs, records of 9S' past missions.
"He actually finds value in this crap? What an idiot." But there was no bark in A2's words,
just dull melancholy.
"9S kept them because they held meaning, like a kid collecting seashells at the beach." I said.
A2 scoffs and places the log back on the shelf.
"Yeah. Sounds about right." A2 turns and leaves.
After a few more minutes of walking, we reach our objective: a massive chamber lined with
pods, each labeled with an android's number and model.
It doesn't take long to find 9S' pod and activate it. A hydraulic hiss escapes from the gap as
the lid mechanically sides forward, revealing a 9S before the infection.
"We need to activate the body's [Black Box] and prepare it for upload." A2 states.
I pick up the body and follow A2 to a flat metal slag with a ring of monitors that connect to
the bottom.
I place the body in the middle and the equipment suddenly powers on as it detects the YoRHa
android.
"The system IDs the android and quickly uploads the memories from the server. But since the
servers are infected-"
ERROR!
All of the screens show the same message.
"Good thing we have an alternative." I pull out the container holding 9S' soul from
my [Inventory].

I open the hatch and the soul starts drifting upwards before I gently grab it and push it down
into the body until it sinks in completely.
The instruments had an immediate reaction. The screens show lines upon lines of diagnostic
data, almost like the system was hemorrhaging from the impossibility that just occurred.
*Gasp!* Suddenly, the body arches forward, gasping for air like a drowned man who was
just resuscitated.
Name: 9S
Title: YoRHa No.9 Type S, Nines
Alignment: Neutral Good
Affiliation: YoRHa
Race: Android
Level: 101
HP: 95,321
MP: 0
SP: 95,601
AP: 0
Background: As a Scanner (Type S) android, 9S specializes in reconnaissance,
intelligence gathering, and hacking rather than direct combat. His hacking ability lets
him infiltrate enemy systems and uncover hidden information. As a result, he's
naturally curious about the world around him, including information pertaining to
humans, the old world, and even machine lifeforms. Possessing an even keener intellect
than other Scanner models, he tends to frequently dig deeper into YoRHa's secrets and
often asks questions that those around him think he shouldn't be asking. Normally,
Scanner models aren't paired with other units due to the nature of the role, thus he's
elated to be partnered with 2B, whom he eventually saw as family. 9S is generally
cheerful, optimistic, understanding, and helpful. He likes to be called "Nines",
particularly by 2B. Unlike other units, 9S does not adhere to YoRHa's protocol of
forbidding emotions and is very casual around 2B and 21O. Underneath it all, however,
he's a deeply disturbed and twisted individual. After the death of 2B at the hands of the
Logic Virus and A2, 9S is consumed by grief and anger, 9S's mission objective changes
from simply fighting the enemy to taking revenge on all machine lifeforms and A2. His
mental state suffers greatly during this time, with Devola, Popola, and Pod 153
becoming increasingly concerned about him as he continues his quest to enter the Tower
and ignores their words, spiraling into nihilism, despair, and murderous rage as he goes
after every machine he comes across. It's also implied by Adam that 9S desires to either

kill or rape 2B, instinctively aware of her true identity as a Type E, but he refuses to act
on them due to his close bond with her.
Strength: 9S is an exceptional hacker with genius-level intellect. He can hack enemy
systems, disable defenses, and even attack opponents from within their networks. This
often lets him defeat enemies much stronger than himself. He excels at analysis,
reconnaissance, and gathering information. While not physically strong like 2B or A2,
he makes up for it with clever tactics, hacking, and creative problem-solving. He's quick
to notice inconsistencies and uncover hidden truths, making him very curious and
adaptable. His compassion and loyalty inspire him to protect those he cares about,
making him determined even in desperate situations.
Weakness: 9S is more fragile than 2B and A2 due to his role as a model are designed for
intelligence work. His need to uncover the truth often leads him into dangerous
situations. His emotions are a double-edged sword much like Lily's. However, his
obsessive and impulsive behavior often leads him and others into dangerous situations
and, should he be pushed hard enough, can lead to deep depression and murderous
rampage.
Personal thoughts: I'm… alive? I'm back!
Reputation: 0 (Indifferent)
Affection: 0 (Doesn't know you)
Unique Skill: Superhuman Physiology, Enhanced Intelligence, Information Analysis,
Afterimage Creation, Hacking Mastery, Data Manipulation, Matter Manipulation,
Energy Manipulation, Energy Projection, Self-Sustenance, Weapon Control,
Regeneration(Low), Cyberspace Projection, Non-Physical Interaction, Screen HUD
Projection, System Reboot (Via pods)
Ultimate Skill: n/a
"W-Where!?" 9S frantically looks around before his eyes lock onto a familiar face to his
right. "2B-!" But stops himself as he takes a good look at "2B" before his happiness turns into
heated anger.
"YOU!" Before 9S can lunge he's grabbed from the back by Natasha. "LEMME GO!"
"Calm down. She isn't an enemy." Natasha calmly replied.
"SHE'S A MONSTER! SHE KILLED 2B! SHE KILLED EVERYONE!"
"She was infected with the virus. She asked me to put her down." A2 reasoned.
"LIAR!" 9S roars.
"If she wanted you dead, you would be. She was the one who suggested bringing your
ungrateful ass to this dump." Divine crosses her arms under her massive breasts. "She
brought us here to save you."

"So what?! It doesn't give her a free pass for everything she'd done!" 9S growls before
suddenly getting sucker-punched in the face.
"!?" The girls turn to Asmodeus with his fist stretched forward.
"Shut the hell up. I didn't rip your soul out of your mangled body, came all the way to space,
placed you in a new body just so you can throw a tantrum like a child." I look down at 9S
coldly. "Learn the truth first. And if you still want to kill A2, we won't stop you."
Pod 042 slowly descends towards 9S and activates its built-in projector, showing what
happened that day.
The recording shows a badly damaged 2B, stumbling forward as she is pursued by infected
YoRHa androids.
She collapses, the damage on her body too severe to keep going, slowly being surrounded by
the androids.
But before the androids can finish her off, they are all cut down by a long-haired but familiar
figure.
"A… 2…" 2B's voice garbled and barely audible.
A2 quickly fights the enemy androids, cutting them down with the grace of a swordswoman
but with the brutality of a beast.
A2 cuts down the last android before turning her attention to 2B just to see her use her sword
to cut the blindfold off her face.
"Guess this… is… it…" She looks at A2 and opens her eyes, glowing red. With a grunt, she
stabs [Virtuous Contract] into the rock. "These are… my memories. Take care of everyone for
me…" She lets go. "Take care… of the future… A2…"
A2 walks forward and grabs the grip. "Okay…" She pulls it out of the rock and runs it
through 2B's chest without hesitation.
2B smiles before turning to the bridge and sees 9S. "Oh… nines…" She falls back.
042 shuts off the projector as 9S falls to his knees.
"... 2B's infection had reached the point of no return. She knew there was no way to save her.
So, she asked the only other android to put her to rest…" A grim 21 said.
"Why… why did 2B-?"
"Are you seriously in denial? You know why. You saw it." My words interject his thoughts.
"Had the virus completely taken her over, she would have killed you, damaged body or not.
As twisted as it looks, she saved you."
9S stares at his trembling hands. "Saved…? But…"

"If you say that you're not worth it, then you didn't understand the extent of her feelings for
you." Natasha interjects, crossing her hands under her chest. "2B loved you. Enough to let
herself be killed and have A2 become her living legacy. She took her role as your protector,
but you were too consumed in hatred. It happens to the best of us."
9S sobs. Tears fall freely under his blindfold and drip to the floor.
A2 watches 9S break down but doesn't move, doesn't speak. She knew that right now he
needed to process everything and needed the space, however long that may take.
"Hey. Where's Church?" 21 suddenly points out.
I blink and suddenly notice the lack of the blue angry idiot.
"That is weird. Where did he go?"
Suddenly, the alarms go off.
ALERT! FOREIGN A.I. DETECTED! TAKEOVER IMMINENT!
[Well, that answers the question]
"He must be in the Command Room. Let's go." A2 runs and everyone else follows.
042 stares at the depressed 9S for a few more moments before leaving as well, leaving 9S in
a catacomb of steel.
Screens flicker with multitudes of data as Church, now a full-sized hologram, stands at the
edge of the room.
The door opens and everyone rushes inside.
"There he is." Divine said.
"Church, what are you doing?" 21 asks.
But Church says nothing.
[Okay, now this is officially getting creepy. A quiet Church is never a good thing]
"Church?" I call out and this gets a reaction and Church finally turns, only for me to freeze at
what I see.
A red visor.
"Greetings. We have been expecting you." The voice that said that wasn't Church's, but it's
feminine and dual-toned.
[Oh no…]

Church's hologram flickers and glitches out, splits before transforming into a pair of twin
girls wearing red dresses.
A2 narrows her eyes. "You…"
Author Notes
Here's part 2. Even Azzy's girls can take care of themselves. Hope you enjoy it.
Peace~

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

