                                       A Lack of Wisdom
  Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/23532889.


Rating:                Mature
Archive Warning:       Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category:              Gen
Fandom:                Naruto
Relationships:         Dai-nana-han | Team 7 & Uchiha Sasuke, Uchiha Itachi & Uchiha
                       Sasuke, Hatake Kakashi & Uchiha Sasuke
Characters:            Uchiha Sasuke, Uzumaki Naruto, Haruno Sakura, Hatake Kakashi,
                       Hatake Kakashi's Ninken - Character, particularly, Pakkun (Naruto),
                       Urushi (Naruto), Gaara (Naruto), Karin (Naruto), Orochimaru (Naruto),
                       Konoha 12, and the rest of the ensemble cast
Additional Tags:       Self-Insert, Self-Insert as Sasuke, Slow Burn, Team as Family, Trans
                       Female Character, Canon-Typical Violence, Unreliable Narrator,
                       Protective Uzumaki Naruto, Strong Haruno Sakura, Hatake Kakashi Has
                       Issues
Language:              English
Series:                Part 1 of Wisdom 'Verse
Collections:           A Collection of Beloved Inserts, fics that hit different, Best Fics From
                       Across The Multiverse, My Self-insert's Library, Good stories I like, The

                               🌀
                       Last Rec List, Favorite Self-Insert and OC-Centric Fanfics, i naruto,
                       Team 7 , wwwwwww, To_read_non_rom, The Burden of Knowledge
                       - A Collection of Portal Fantasy Stories, SakurAlpha's Fic Rec of Pure
                       how did you create this you amazing bean, Works of Great Quality
                       Across the Fandoms, Road to Nowhere Discord Recs, Collection of
                       treasures that I've cried river if it ever got delete :)), my collection of si
                       oc, Best of OC/Isekai/Self-Insert Fanfiction, Late Night Reads For
                       Restless Spirits, Stories I Read Again and Again, The Best of Sasuke,
                       The Heliocentric Discord Server Recs, my heart is here, Inserts of Lilith,
                       saviors of aerois :>, Kofi's Naruto Favs, Fics That Make Me Go Feral,
                       Look Forward to Reading the Good Shit, Constellations of Our Own,
                       Favourite SI and Reincarnated OC Fics, The Trans vibes, Qqqqqq115,
                       Collection of Trans FanFictions, AHHHH i need to finish these fics,

                                            🌸                                    🥺❤️
                       Trans Self-Inserts, Best Completed Stories, SasukeSIs, Chou_0’s hoard
                       for sleepless nights , Completed fics, reread worthy
                       Reincarnation/time travel/dimension travel, AllmyBookmarks, authors
                                                                                          , Best

                       and fics that deserve all the kudos, Completed but marked for later, oh
                       stars~!（＾Ｏ＾☆♪, reasons for my dry eye, Legendary LGBT Stories,
                       Why...(°ロ°) ! (pages and pages of google docs links)░(°◡°)░, My Own
                       Pit of Madness, Books that I Actaully Read to Completion, Books but
                       I'm Picky, Tales of the Utterly Gutsy Shinobi, Uchiha Sasuke FICS &
                       oneshot, hello yes i can’t stop thinking about these works
Stats:
Published: 2020-04-07 Completed: 2022-08-26 Words: 312,756
Chapters: 50/50
                                          A Lack of Wisdom
                                                    by Aethelar

Summary



      It's a self insert fic. You know the drill.

      Featuring a grumpy protagonist who wants mochi, clean socks, and to maintain possession of
      their life and eyeballs in that order, a troll-dad sensei who's genuinely trying to understand
      the pint sized weirdos he's been saddled with but isn't sure where to start, and two team mates
      who are honest to god twelve year olds who canonically didn't mature until after the handy
      dandy time skip.

      Where, please, is the unsubscribe button, because I'd like to request a different afterlife.



Notes



      The title is from Terry Pratchett: "Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a
      result of a lack of wisdom."

      It's a character driven found family fic where we make bad choices and live through the
      consequences. Have at it. Unless any of the following are not for you, in which case have at
      something else: drowning, gender dysphoria, general purpose ninja stabby times.


See the end of the work for more notes
                                 Chapter 1: First arc: I


It’s a self insert fic. You know the drill: it starts when I die.

For me, that death was drowning. I won’t bore you with the details - it was stupid, it was
avoidable, it was a waste, it was fucking unpleasant and panic inducing, that’s all you need to
know. My chest burned, I held my breath until my body rebelled and breathed for me and
then my throat burned, I choked, I think I screamed, my head swam -

When it stopped, I was in an empty place. Dark, but a strange kind of grey-dark, as though
everything was visible even though there was no light. Too quiet. You know how normal
quietness still has noise? No, I didn’t know either, not until it was taken away. I couldn’t even
hear the faint rushing of blood in my ears, the huffs of my breath, that annoying ringing that
always seems to crop up when there are no other sounds.

Just… quiet. Quiet and not-dark.

I don’t know how long I spent there waiting for something to happen. When nothing did, I
started walking, and I don’t know how long I spent doing that either. Sorry; it’s not the best
start to a fic when the protagonist just wanders aimlessly and tries to work out if she’s gone
mad, but it’s what I’ve got. A whole boatload of empty and a lot of walking.

The crying, when I heard it, was so out of place that it took me a while to recognise it.

“Hello?” I called, half expecting my voice not to work. I got no response, so maybe it didn’t,
but the crying was louder now, and clearer.

I turned and followed it. My feet started clicking against the floor - stones, like an old street,
and I was wearing unfamiliar blocky sandals. “Hello? Are you ok?” I tried again.

The street started getting clearer - I can’t describe how; it wasn’t like a fog was lifting, or like
it was getting easier to see. Just… There hadn’t been a street, and now there was a vague
impression of a street. A few more steps, and the vague impression became an outline,
shadows marking where windows and gaps between houses were, the tentative beginnings of
street-smells, a pain starting in my chest.

I stopped. When I pressed a hand to my chest I felt nothing there, but the pain wouldn’t go
away. Also, I was wearing - a dressing gown? A robe?

“If you’re there, could you say something? Please?”

The person kept crying. I grit my teeth; I could go back, into the grey and the silence where I
wasn’t drowning, but they sounded like a child. I kept going.

The shadowy street had resolved itself into an archaic looking suburb, lit by a disturbingly
red moon and liberally strewn with blood - though, thankfully, no bodies - by the time I found
them. At least, I assumed it was a suburb; there were houses, gardens, areas of packed dirt
and stone that marked paths. No cars, and the architecture was clearly foreign, but there were
flowers in some of the windows, even a couple of houses with colourful awnings and signs
out the front that I assumed were shops.

The child was in the doorway to one of the larger houses, silhouetted against the light from
inside. He huddled against the door frame, arms around his knees, and stared into the room as
though he couldn’t tear his eyes away.

I pushed aside the pain in my chest. Which was stupid. Pain is important and ignoring it leads
to more pain. I know this now.

But I pushed it aside, and knelt down next to him. “Hey,” I said. I glanced inside the room,
but other than a spattered puddle of more blood in the centre it seemed empty. “Hey, what’s
wrong?”

He ignored me. I hesitated, chewing on my lip, then reached out a tentative hand and touched
his shoulder. “Hey, c’mon kid -”

He swung round to stare at me with wide, red eyes, and that pain in my chest? The one I’d
ignored like the idiot I was? Yeah, that exploded. Literally. Into a fucking sword sticking out
my sternum.

The boy sobbed something, hands scrabbling desperately at my dressing-gown-robe, and
when I opened my mouth to say something I choked on my own blood, my lungs flooded
with red from the stab wound, and I drowned.

Delightful.

He screamed, I screamed, and suddenly the sword was gone and my lungs were filled with air
again. “What the hell -”

“Otouto,” a voice said behind me. The boy flinched; I looked back just in time to see another
creepy kid with red eyes - though admittedly, this one was older than the tiny scrap crying in
my arms - before he put a hand on my shoulder to hold me still and stabbed me again.

I choked. I drowned. The smaller kid and I screamed.

“Otouto,” the older kid said, and the whole thing started again.

What the hell.



Now, I know what you’re thinking. Actually that’s a lie; I haven’t a clue what you’re
thinking, but if I were reading this fic I’d be thinking: that’s Uchiha Itachi, this is Tsukuyomi,
and the little kid is Sasuke. Obvious, right? Probably because it’s tagged up there in the
tagging bit. Well, bully for you. What I was thinking was more along the lines of: how many
damn times can a girl die before it stops hurting, and the answer to that was always at least
once more you miserable sod.
“Make it stop,” the littler kid sobbed for the god knows how many-th time.

“Wish I could,” I gurgled through a wet cough. I’d tried standing up, but the combination of
one child holding onto me with a death grip and the other continually skewering me with a
sword was a tricky one to get out of. Neither seemed keen on letting me go, so. More stabby
times. Joy.

“I want to go,” he continued, hiccoughing his way through the words, and the already short
threads of my temper broke.

“Then go,” I snapped. I pushed him away from me, again, and tried to turn him to face down
the street, but it was like pushing a concrete wall. “Go down the street. It’s quiet. No one
stabs you. You can -” I had to break off there for the obligatory hacking-choking-bloody
disgustingness of a sword in my lungs, and as much as it hurt it just annoyed me so much that
I turned on the emotionless preteen behind me and spat the blood in his face.

“Can you not?” I snarled.

There was a pause. For the first time, the boy focussed his red eyes on me. “Why?”

“Are you kidding me,” I hissed out. He stared at me, unblinking, so no, apparently not. “Your
brother wants to leave,” I said instead. I felt like I was at my grandma’s house, asking if my
little cousin could get down from the dinner table. “Will you let him go?”

His gaze slid past me to land on his brother, and I swear, he glitched and reset. The hand was
back on my shoulder. I was facing forward again - I hadn’t turned back, hadn’t moved, I just
was, and the sword was resting against my back.

“Otouto,” he said, same inflection, a recording on repeat. The littler kid turned to me with
wide, desperate eyes.

“Get out of here,” I said, pushing him again, and this time, thank fucking god, he went. The
first two steps were stumbled, hovering and unsure, then the sword appeared in my chest and
he flinched and ran.

Finally, I thought. The house started destabilising as he got further away, the street
fluctuating in and out of real. My lungs filled with blood, my scream stuck in my throat, I
choked, the boy disappeared over the grey horizon and the last remains of the house
collapsed in on me as I drowned -

“Otouto,” Itachi said, and I huddled in the door and cried as he put a hand on my mother’s
shoulder and ran her through with his sword.

“You are not worth killing,” he said, my big brother, the one I loved more than anything in
the world. “When you have the same eyes as I do, come and stand before me.”

And yeah, maybe at this point I should have realised what was going on, but hey. I didn’t
have the tags. Do me a favour and let me know if there’s any major character death coming
up in my future? Other than baby Sasuke, who I’m now pretty sure I sent off into the great
unknown to die in my place.

And, you know, all those other people who canonically died in the Naruto series.

Ah, shit. I just killed Itachi’s baby brother. The baby brother he murdered an entire clan for.
In a roundabout, extremely fucked up logic kind of way, but still. That there is a mass
murderer and the one person he had left to care about has just shuffled his merry way off this
mortal coil and it’s my fault.

Shit.



But, I’m getting ahead of myself. It took… several repetitions of the illusion, plus an
extremely alarming wake up in a hospital room for me to cotton on to what had happened.
Not that I actually understand it - though most self insert fics have a pretty tenuous
explanation for how the main character ends up in their fictional world of choice, so. Par for
the course, I guess.

What I did know was this: when Sasuke left, his memories didn’t. Neither, thankfully, did the
basic skills he’d picked up; I could speak, I could read, I could walk in this pathetically tiny
body - I mean, seriously? I know Uchihas were meant to be delicate and everything, but
Sasuke’s a twig. A shrimpy twig. He’s a splinter.

I’m a splinter. I need to get used to this; the shrimpy twig body with the pale skin and the - oh
god - penis attached to it is my shrimpy twig body.

In case you were wondering, I am pretending the penis doesn’t exist, and stubbornly sitting
down to pee. You probably were not wondering. I apologise for sharing, and shall go back to
being traumatised by my male body parts in the privacy of my own head.

“Uchiha-kun?” the nurse asked, tilting his head in concern at my strangled whimper. “Are
you ok?”

I frantically shoved thoughts of gender dysphoria and reality dysphoria out my head and cast
around for something plausible to say. “My parents are dead,” I said. It was true, after all - I
even had Sasuke’s emotional attachment to them, though it was muted and not as strong as
the feelings for - for my -

“My parents,” I repeated hollowly. “All the cousins. Granny.”

It hit me. I was dead. I said I wouldn’t talk about my life before, it’s not important to the fic
and it doesn’t matter, but I hadn’t realised how much that didn’t stop it mattering to me.
Everyone I knew, everyone I loved - I’d never see them again. I was dead.

“They are,” the nurse said, pragmatic to a fault. I made a punched-out, wounded sound. “But
they’ll be watching over you from the pure lands, so you best make them proud, ne?” He
smiled and handed me a chocolate pudding.
I took it on autopilot, then a second later the spoon he put in my hand as well. “But they’re
gone,” I protested, still trying to wrap my head around the enormity of what I’d lost. Me-me
and Sasuke-me. I wanted, desperately, to run to my big brother and for him to say something
to make the world right again.

Not you are not worth killing. Something better than that. Like, here’s some dango, don’t tell
Tou-san or, do you want me to show you how to throw a shuriken, or, just, you know, silly
Otouto, it’ll be ok.

Except I couldn’t. Because he’d killed the clan and dragged me out of the afterlife I was
meant to be in and taken himself off to be an S rank missing nin. Like an idiot.

“They’re gone,” the nurse allowed, “But you aren’t, Uchiha-kun. Eat your pudding, and then
we can see about getting you home again.”

In the face of his extreme practicality I bowed to the inevitable and ate my pudding.
                              Chapter 2: First arc: II


Home, as it turned out, was the Uchiha compound. I’d wondered - my knowledge of the
show was patchy (something about a rabbit? I stopped watching after the time skip, most of
my later-Naruto knowledge came from other fics if I’m honest with you) but I did know that
Sasuke had been living by himself by the time he’d graduated the academy. Seven and
recently orphaned seemed a bit young to me for him to be independent and alone, but
apparently my views and the ninja village’s views didn’t match here; I was escorted to the
Uchiha clan gates, given a packet of legal and financial documents that I would probably get
round to reading when I was hungry enough to need money, and left to my own devices.

What the fuck, Konoha. We were talking about a child. I mean, not really, because we were
talking about me and I was at least nominally an adult, but as far as anyone in the village
knew, child. Seven years old. Seven! No wonder Sasuke in canon grew up to be such a
screwball of issues and insecurities. He still slept with a fricking plushie for crying out loud.

The plushie in question was, of course, a soft and floppy weasel. Shisui brought it back for
him from a mission to Tea country and Sasuke decided it was the best thing ever. It had its
own headband. Shisui laughed his ass off and Itachi rolled his eyes and poked me in the
forehead but I knew he liked it, he was just being annoying like big brothers always are and -

I cut the memory off before it could go any further and shoved it roughly to the back of my
mind. I couldn’t see my escort anywhere, but these were ninja I was dealing with; maybe
they actually were being vaguely responsible adults and keeping an eye on me. Or maybe
they weren’t. Either way, I didn’t feel like crying in the middle of the street, so I tucked the
document packet under one arm, stuffed my hands in my pockets, and angled myself down
the path to my house.

I kept my eyes forward as I walked. There were no bodies - which was good! I didn’t want
bodies. The funerals would be happening over the next few days; they’d waited for me to be
present as the new clan head, but the bodies had at least been collected and cleaned and all
the rest of it.

Eyes harvested, you know how it goes.

Still, though, the lack of bodies made the rest of it surreal. Everywhere looked like there
should be people around, gardens still neatly tended, a light left on and visible through the
window, tables and chairs carefully stacked by the bakery my mother got her mochi from -
but, no people. It was creepy.

The house, when I got to it, was even creepier. What did Sasuke do in canon? Did he stay
there, did he take one of the smaller houses?

“I’m home,” I mumbled to no one, pushing the door open and flicking on the light. I glanced
up from kicking off my shoes, eyes catching on the bare floor where the tatami mats had been
cleared away, and my lungs froze as I realised where I was.
This was the doorway I’d watched from as Itachi killed my parents, over and over and over.
This was the doorway I’d been trapped in as he stabbed me and I drowned and the blood
dribbled out over my chin as my chest screamed from the pain of it. Over and over and over.

“No,” I said, and slammed the door. “Nuh-uh. No. Goodbye. No.”

There was a back entrance from the garden to the kitchen. I scrambled over the fence,
sidestepped the sozu fountain, and resolutely ignored the grand shoji paper doors to the main
part of the house. The kitchen door was small and held very few memories. Perfect.

It was only after I was inside that I realised I was still without shoes and had to gingerly
brush the soil off my feet with my hands. There wasn’t a genken in the kitchen,
unsurprisingly, so I made do without slippers. Otherwise though there was a kettle, tea,
probably enough food in the cupboards to make dinner, and, if I pushed the kotatsu to one
side, space to lay a futon on the floor. I’d have to venture into the main part of the house to
get supplies - maybe I could clear out the sideboard and store clothes in it? - and to use the
bathroom, but otherwise I was golden.

“This is fine,” I said. “This is better than fine. This is exactly what I need. I like studio
apartments. Cosy. Yes.”

I put my hands on my hips and surveyed my new living quarters. Add a tall stool by the
counter - it may be normal to the Sasuke part of me to kneel on the floor, but a) I needed the
kotatsu out for space reasons and b) no - maybe a mirror and some slightly more cheerful and
less reservedly imposing pictures for the wall, it’d be delightful.

“What do you think, Plushie-tan,” I said, fetching the weasel from my room along with an
armful of high collared shirts and white shorts. We’d need some changes to that ensemble, oh
yes we would. “It’s our new home. Do you like it?” I dumped the clothes in a pile on the
floor and put the weasel in pride of place on my futon.

Plushie-tan leaned listlessly to the side. I took that to be approval and sat cross legged next to
him, curling my toes under the blanket. It would be better if the bed was western style, at
least then you could pretend it was also a sofa, but a futon was what I had. I predicted a lot of
sitting on the floor in my future, and resolved to move the stool up the priority list - there was
casual dining and then there was eating every meal in bed, and one of them felt a bit too
much like depression for my liking.

“It’s not much,” I admitted, “But it’s just a start. We’ll get better from here, you’ll see.”

We had to. I didn’t know if anyone was watching still so I didn’t list anything out loud, nor
would I risk writing anything down - even in English, or any combination of code I could
come up with. I knew that Itachi was still a good guy and loved me and would never betray
the village, but to everyone else he was evil incarnate and a complete wild card. If his
brother, the brother Itachi not only left alive despite killing the entire rest of the clan but also
dragged into a genjutsu that no one else was party to, if that brother started acting and
behaving suspiciously? Well, that would probably set alarm bells ringing. Even though the
Hokage knew that Itachi was acting on orders, he couldn’t afford to let the rest of the clans
know. He’d have to treat me as a potential flight risk. Traitor risk? Whatever you called it.
Sleeper agent, maybe.

And if not the Hokage, then Konoha was still home to Danzo. He hadn’t got Sasuke in canon,
but a baby Uchiha left all on his lonesome would be a tempting target - I couldn’t risk
catching his interest either. Not to mention everyone outside Konoha. Was Orochimaru after a
Sharingan yet, or would that come later once his body started deteriorating? And Obito’s mad
crusade against the Uchihas, did that extend to me? Not a clue. Hell, for all I knew Sasuke
was fending off regular kidnapping attempts before the show opened, and the only reason he
had the skills to survive was because Itachi’s crazy mind-fuckery motivated him to train like
heck and be the rookie of the year.

I gripped Plushie-tan convulsively tighter.

In a world where eyeballs were passed around like balloon animals at a clown convention, I
was in possession of two highly prized specimens and I had approximately zero ability to
protect them. How many Sharingan were there in the world now? Itachi had two. Danzo had
too many. Kakashi had one. Obito had one. Madara? Was he a thing? Was he just Obito, or
was there actually a Madara before Obito started pretending to be him? Shit. I had enough
foreknowledge that if anyone found out I’d be screwed, but not enough to actually know
what was happening.

But, point was: if you wanted a sharingan, I was the obvious target. And I wasn’t even safe if
I dropped out of ninjaing and stayed a civilian; even if the village allowed it to happen on the
surface, Danzo would never let a resource like that be wasted. The best I could hope for
would be to be put out for stud when I was old enough to have kids.

My mind baulked. Penis. Ugh.

“Plushie-tan,” I said, swallowing around an uncomfortably dry throat. “I think we need to
train like heck and be the rookie of the year. You know, to. Make the clan proud.” And
survive and shit. Hell.

I was seven now. I had - how many years was it until Sasuke graduated? Three? Four? Six? -
some years. During that time I had to lay a foundation for any knowledge I didn’t want to
hide that I had, get strong enough to have a hope of keeping my eyeballs in my face, and
work out a plan for what I was going to do when canon started and plot things happened.

And get a stool for my tiny kitchen home.

It’d be fine.



Spoiler: it was not fine.

The funerals were painful, but manageable. Uchiha liked fire - understandable, I did too, it
was infinitely superior to water and anything remotely wet or cold or dark - so cremation was
the order of the day, and with no clan and no elders, the speeches were blissfully short.
The bodies burnt before I had chance to check if the eyes were missing or not. I knew they
were, at least some of them, but now I had no way of saying how I knew.

The house, once I’d retrieved what I needed from it and settled myself firmly into just the
kitchen and the closest bathroom, was great. I kept the doors closed, I made sure to walk
round the outside on sunny days and lever open some of the windows to air the rooms I
didn’t use, and otherwise I ignored them. If priceless artifacts of clan history were being
eaten by moths and rotting away, well, I wasn’t there to see it.

What I was there to see was the garden. In traditional Japanese style it made use of water
features and plenty of natural beauty, with only a few spots of colour to break up the green -
white camellia flowers in winter, pink cherry in spring, brighter pink lotuses for two short but
very pretty weeks in summer. Even red maple in autumn, if we’re counting leaves as well as
flowers. In traditional ninja style it was dotted here and there with some of the most
poisonous substances Fire Country - and, in fact, most of our neighbours - could grow. I
vaguely recalled my mother taking me round to point them out once, along the lines of ‘don’t
touch those Sasuke, you’ll die’.

I can’t claim to be the best gardener, but I think I did alright. None of the koi died, and
rustically unpruned was an achievable look. I hadn’t yet got to grips with all the poisonous
plants, but I recognised a few from academy teachings and a few others from the assorted
scrolls and libraries I’d raided, so. Progress.

Yes, fine, I went through the parts of the clan compound that didn’t leave me reeling from
bad memories and I shamelessly stole anything that looked shiny, interesting, or useful. It
happens in every self insert. Shocker; those of us that write self insert fics tend to be people
who like to read. It’s comforting. You’ll be pleased to know that I won’t bore you with the
many hours I spent reading the night away with only Plushie-tan for company, but you’ll be
sad to know - I hope, unless you’re rooting for me crash and burn, which, rude - that those
hours yielded jack-all in the usefulness front.

Paranoid ninja not writing things down. Paranoid ninja hiding the things they do write down.
Paranoid ninja sealing shut the things they write down and not writing down how to get past
the seals.

Fucking ninja.

I did manage to get a handy immolation jutsu to use for the funerals, though given that you
needed to lay your palms ritualistically on two major tenketsu to activate it and it took almost
a minute to heat up, I wasn’t going to be using that one in battle much. Also poetry. A lot of
poetry.

And a stool! It took me a week or so, but I did find a stool for my kitchen counter so I could
now officially sit down to eat. I was winning.

So, with this list of fabulous successes, you might be wondering why I say it wasn’t fine. To
which I answer: the academy.
I might not know how children are meant to act but I’m pretty sure they’re not meant to act
like this.

They were just… weird? I knew, theoretically, that things happened much younger in Konoha
than I was used to back home - genin were considered adults, I’d been living alone since I
was seven, tiny people could be promoted to chunin in a war, ANBU armour came in size
extra small - I knew all this. But I guess I just assumed that Konoha foisted a lot of
responsibility on kids and the kids were… still kids?

I’m not explaining this well, but the point is that the academy students were way too mature
for their age. I guess if I’d come across child soldiers in my first world I’d think the same
thing about them, but it still threw me how someone less than four feet tall could reason their
way through a logical argument about how to kill people the way a seasoned adult would.
Sure, they lacked some life lessons and experience to draw on, and very few of them were
what I would call emotionally well rounded - though not many of the adult ninja were either
so huh - but they grasped concepts of murder, decision making, strategy, hell even politics
better than a lot of people I’d known who were three times their age.

And then they’d turn around in the same breath and make a fart joke. I was so confused.

Maybe I just didn’t know how kids worked? Maybe this was normal? Maybe Nara
Shikamaru was not an alien creature masquerading as a lazy pineapple child and was in fact a
genuinely average human being?

No. Genius or not, Shikamaru was too smart. Nothing about him even began to approach
normal, and if you’d ever been subjected to him staring you down because you dared try to
sit next to Chouji at lunch time, you’d know exactly what I was talking about.

I didn’t know if it was chakra at work, or just intensive social conditioning, but I could kind
of maybe see why the village treated people as adults at a much younger age than I was used
to. I didn’t agree with it, and I still stand by the fact that leaving canon-Sasuke by himself
severely messed with his head, but I could see how it could happen.

I could not see how I was meant to fit into it.

I was allowed some slack. Sasuke had gone through a major life change; I wasn’t expected to
be the same as I was before Itachi killed everyone. At the same time, Sasuke had actually
been quite a childish child, and suddenly flipping that into a mature adult personality would
be too stark a change to pass off. Going the other way though and acting overly childish
would be immediately spotted and questioned.

So I settled for not… doing either? I don’t know, my Sasuke-memories of how things were
before did very little to prepare me for this. I figured it was safer to keep my distance, that’s
all. I didn’t actually mean to be rude and an asshole, but there were a couple of western
culture things which apparently didn’t translate, and by the time I’d sorted myself out and
remembered the important things - like pointing, pointing bad - my reputation was well and
truly established.
The fact that I was training or reading every minute of every day because I didn’t want to die
and also had no friends didn’t really help either, because now I was standoffish, rude, and
showed everyone else up at target practice. Great.

“I’m just glad I’ve got you, Plushie-tan,” I said, talking to the stuffed toy weasel I still kept
on my bed as a twelve year old. “I think you’re the only one who ever listens to me, you
know? If it wasn’t for you, I’d’ve gone mad years ago. You and the fish. I should be nicer to
the fish. It’s not their fault they live in water like actual savages, I’m sure they’d breathe air if
they could.”

I dropped out of the handstand I was doing on the kitchen counter and bent over backwards
until my socked feet hit the floor. Ninja-flexibility. Me and my twig body were owning it.

“Special day today, though,” I continued, swinging neatly into a low crouch and continuing
my morning routine. “We get put in teams. I might end up with new people to talk to, you
never know.” I chewed my lip, a bad habit I’d never managed to break myself out of, then
gave my head a rough shake. “Maybe not.”

Knowing that in the original story Sasuke had been on a team with Sakura and Naruto made
it difficult to treat them impartially. I knew who they’d become in the future - or at least, in a
version of the future that may or may not still happen - and I knew that it had taken them a
while and a convenient time skip to get there. As of now though they were both annoying. I
mean. Really annoying.

Ok, so maybe I came by some of my asshole reputation honestly, sue me.

It was true though. Naruto was loud and obnoxious, Sakura was louder and also obnoxious,
except when she was talking to me in which case she was quiet and breathy and still
obnoxious. How the fangirl phenomenon had started I had no idea. Why it had fixated on me
I had no idea. How to make it stop I had no idea. Whether I was a grown woman with a boy’s
memories or a boy with a grown woman’s memories, the whole concept of it weirded me out.

Just. Why. I was awkward and I had shitty hair. Go crush on Chouji, he’s made of sweetness
and light and he shares food. He’s worth braving Shikamaru for, that’s how good he is.

But still: Sakura and Naruto were the two main characters the story’d focussed on, and I
didn’t know how to treat them. Naruto ended up saving the world, if I changed anything
would I put that in jeopardy? I didn’t even know how he saved the world. Probably with
Sakura, but Sasuke… was there? Wasn’t there? I think he survived, because I think he and
Sakura had a kid, but I also think he tried to kill Naruto at various points and was the cause of
a lot of heartache and pain. Following in those footsteps didn’t sound like something a good
person would do, so I should probably change at least some of the story line. Just… not
enough to make the world end.

I hadn’t yet worked out where that balance was, and as good a listener as Plushie-tan was, he
wasn’t great at providing answers.

“I need to get you a magic-eight ball,” I told him, and flipped out of the last position in a
satisfyingly boneless stretch. “I also need to get dressed. Don’t look.” I threw my pyjama top
over him to cover his eyes, then padded over to the sideboard and pulled out an assortment of
clothes. Black trousers, black arm protectors, black shirt pulled inside out so the grey lining
showed instead… I had a theme. The only reason the shirt was grey side out was because it
was Itachi’s old shirt and I was attached to it, but black on black on black was a bit much
even for me. Also, when I wore it this way you couldn’t see where I’d unpicked the clan
symbol from the back, and it wasn’t quite so obvious to anyone else that I’d raided my big
brother’s room for clothes when I grew out of my own. I was meant to hate him for killing
everyone and everything, it would look odd.

You’ve got to think of these things, see. Because ninja.

The other thing you’ve got to do is cut out the front of the freakishly high collar so you can
breathe, because things - even fabric things - that block the nose and mouth area are no.

“All good, Plushie-tan. Clothes on, you can look again.”

I drank a glass’s worth of orange juice directly out of the carton and cracked a raw egg over
last night’s reheated rice in the rice cooker. Add fish for extra protein and follow with a kaki
fruit because I still can’t let go of the fact that breakfast should have something sweet in it,
damnit, and I’m set. Today I’d find out which genin team I was assigned to and - more
importantly - whether leaving Naruto to fail his graduation test was the right choice or not.

“See you later,” I called to Plushie-tan, slipping my feet into - yup - black sandals and letting
myself out the back door. “Wait, shit, headband -” I already had shoes on so I leaned in as far
as I could, wiggling my fingers and tugging on the dark fabric with chakra until it fell off the
side and into my hand.

“Now see you later. Ciao.”

Headband on, fringe carefully pulled out so it wasn’t making my forehead itchy, and I was
good to go. Yes, I still had the fluffy Sasuke duck-butt. It appeared to be genetic, and the one
time I’d tried growing my hair out I’d come dangerously close to looking like my mum. I did
not have Itachi’s ability to rock long hair and still look manly, oh no.

… I’m well aware that I spent two and half decades being a girl. The penis and I were still in
a complicated relationship. I missed being able to wear leggings and crop tops. I also, in this
body, looked ridiculous as a miniature version of my mum.

By the time I arrived at the academy, my nerves had soured any good mood I’d been in that
morning. I couldn’t see Naruto; what if he hadn’t got the scroll and gone through everything
with Mizuki and Iruka? Should I have done something to make sure he passed?

No, there was nothing I could do. Naruto was a mess, there was no way on earth he’d have
learnt the standard bunshin. Besides, kage bunshin was his signature move, I couldn’t risk
him not getting it. Or not finding out about the kyuubi. Not having the bonding moment with
Iruka, Mizuki not being exposed as a traitor - there were a lot of important things that
happened last night, ok?
That hopefully happened. That better have happened or so help me Naruto there will be
consequences.

To make things worse, Shikamaru was sat on the wrong side of Chouji. Technically I could
squeeze past him to get to Chouji’s other side, but that seemed a bit too pointed. I took the
open seat next to Shino instead, inclined my head at him in the barest of hellos, and slouched
down in what was not a sulk because I wasn’t actually a child, thank you very much.

Chouji waved at me. I was too distracted to notice in time, and Shikamaru gave me the stink
eye. Ino started berating him while Sakura cooed something nonsensical at me. I sunk further
in my seat and wished Shino were a bit more intimidating so everyone else would go away.

At this point, thank fuck, Naruto appeared, headband squarely in place and presence so
unapologetically loud it was impossible to miss. I have never been so glad to see you in my
life, I thought fervently, quickly followed by what the hell get out of my face why are you so
close.

“Uzumaki,” I said, cutting across whatever he was saying. “Get your shoes off my desk.
That’s disgusting.”

“Just wait bastard! I’ll be a better ninja than you’ll ever be, you’ll eat your words when I’m
done with you!”

“Shoes. Desk. Off.”

“Naruto! Stop being so rude to Sasuke-kun!”

“I’m rude, what about - hey Sakura-chan, what about him being rude, huh?”

“Enough!” Iruka yelled from the front of the class. Naruto squawked and overbalanced,
tipping forward in perfect position to crack his forehead against mine. I could’ve caught him,
but I doubted he’d thank me for it, so I reached my chakra for the empty chair next to Chouji.
One kawarimi later and I was where I’d wanted to be from the start, Naruto went face first
into the back of the chair that had replaced me, and Shikamaru couldn’t glare at me without
losing his napping position.

“Morning,” I greeted Chouji with a smug smile. “I brought strawberries.”

“I brought chips,” Chouji said and handed them over like the ray of purity and sunshine he
was. Suck on that, Nara.

“Bastard!” Naruto yelled from his upside down position next to Shino, and the blood vessel
on Iruka’s forehead throbbed as he clenched his teeth.

Business as usual, then.
                                       Chapter 3: First arc: III
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   “Team Seven… Haruno Sakura, Uzumaki Naruto, and Uchiha Sasuke!”

   I slumped down in my seat with a muffled groan of relief. I’d done it. Five years - five
   fucking years - in the Naruto world and this was my greatest achievement: I had successfully
   avoided screwing up the formation of Team Seven. I was officially progressing with the start
   of the plot. Yippee kaiyai, I was going to die.

   Dear fucking lord, I was on Team Seven at the start of the plot. I was going to die.

   “Here,” Chouji said, sympathetically passing me a mochi.

   “I love mochi,” I answered, and shoved the whole thing in my mouth before I could
   accidentally say anything else. How Chouji kept the ice cream inside from melting I had no
   idea, but he’d found out my weakness a year ago and now sprung them on me at random
   moments when I needed them most. If I hadn’t stopped myself speaking I might have
   accidentally confessed that I loved Chouji too, and then Shikamaru would genuinely use his
   shadow to walk me into the river and leave me there.

   “We can have mochi as a team, Sasuke-kun!”

   On second thought, dying. What a lovely idea.



   Much as I wanted to crash the newly formed Team Ten’s lunch, I settled for flipping
   Shikamaru off and leaving them to it. Ino was with them, which meant Sakura would be
   without her usual partner and - knowing my luck - searching for her new teammates to eat
   with instead. Or searching for one of her new teammates.

   In the spirit of teamwork and protecting my precious people, I hid behind one of the lesser
   used buildings and ate my lunch perched on a beaten up training post. Noodles, fish, tomato
   sauce; it wasn’t Granny’s famous tuna bolognese, but it was as close as I could get with the
   ingredients available to me. It was my comfort food, and I’m blaming it entirely for the fact
   that I didn’t notice Naruto sneaking up until he was almost directly above me.

   “Uzumaki,” I said around a mouthful of tomato. “What the hell are you doing.”

   His face screwed up in an angry pout. “Bastard! What does Sakura-chan see in you, huh?”

   “Fuck if I know. I think she just has bad taste.”

   “Don’t insult Sakura-chan!” He finally dropped from his awkward crouch in the tree, swiping
   at me as he went past. I dodged, trying to both keep my noodles upright and avoid getting
tangled in the thirty feet of rope that he pulled from god knows where, but apparently
Naruto’s complete disregard for proper nutrition trumped my attempts to protect my lunch. It
went flying, he and I went sprawling, and though I avoided the worst of the rope it tangled
unpleasantly tightly around my wrists.

“Why,” I ground out, glaring as I started working my hands loose. He answered with a ram
seal and a poof of chakra, transforming into an exact replica of me. Almost exact. I don’t grin
like that.

“Hah! If you won’t tell me then I’ll just ask her, then when she realises it’s actually me and I
beat you she’ll - hey!”

I gave up on the last of the rope. My hands were free enough; I lunged upwards, kicking out
at him and using an elbow to aim for where I knew his solar plexus was. That’s the issue with
henge; it’s an illusion, it changes how you look, but the solid you underneath doesn’t change.
It makes for an easy way to throw off an opponent, unless of course they saw you change and
are familiar enough with your actual body to -

I missed. What the fuck. What the fuck? My elbow skidded along his ribs, and he used my
moment of lost balance to slam me back against the training post and pin down the knot
holding my wrists in place.

“Sasuke-kun!” someone gasped, with perfectly horrendous timing because apparently the
universe hated me.

“No,” I said, glaring at Naruto and refusing to look.

“Sakura-chan!”

“No,” I repeated, finally getting my hand out. I pinched his ear until he dropped both me and
the henge with a pained whine and backed away from both of them, Naruto rubbing his ear
and scowling at me, Sakura looking between the two of us and the post with her face
suspiciously red.

You are twelve kindly desist from perving on me. On anyone. Urgh.

“I,” I said with as much dignity as I could, “Am going to get more lunch.”

“Oh, you can share mine, Sasuke-kun -”

“No.”

                                              ___

Interlude: Kakashi and the Sandaime being nosy bastards and poking around Team Seven’s
various homes.

“It’s a kitchen.”

“I’m told he likes it here.”
“In the kitchen.”

“We all have our foibles, Kakashi. Besides, it’s a nice kitchen - he’s got a lovely view of the
garden.”

“The lock on this door says Mitsuo’s porn stash, Himiko get your own.”

“I believe he’s been finding seals around the compound and copying them. A very Uchiha
trait, to use something without understanding precisely what it does - perhaps a valuable
lesson to learn from his sensei?”

“Lucky sensei. I’ll send them a gift basket. Are these - these are ANBU gloves. He’s made
arm protectors out of ANBU gloves. Are these Itachi’s?”

“Hm. Sasuke-kun has shown a remarkable resistance to letting go of the past. Uchiha and
their obsessions… I would hate for such a promising young student to be lost with his
ghosts.”

“Someone should probably do something about that.”

“Kakashi.”

“Is that the time? I appear to be late for my hair appointment.”

                                              ___

I didn’t want to sit with my new team when we piled back into the classroom after lunch.
Shikamaru and Ino had closed ranks around Chouji though, and even Shino was safely
ensconced with Team Eight. Faced with a choice of Kiba’s crudeness and Hinata’s stuttering
or Naruto’s pouting and Sakura’s fawning, I chose the option less likely to cause a fuss. I’d
have to get used to Naruto and Sakura anyway, I reasoned. They were the two main
characters. The heroes. They were good people.

“Did you find out why she likes me?” I muttered, sliding into the seat next to Naruto. He
stuck his tongue out and pointedly ignored me.

Rude. It was an honest question. If I knew what I was doing that was so damn attractive I’d
know how to stop.

“Listen up!” Iruka said from the front. “Your new senseis will be here to collect you. From
there on you’ll be with them, following their schedule and training and doing missions when
they say. You need to come to the Hokage tower tomorrow to register as a team and get your
photo taken. Any questions, ask your senseis!”

What followed was the expected roll call, teams being collected one by one and filing out in
threes until there were only the three of us left. Sakura sat on the edge of her seat, all but
vibrating from tenseness and darting glances between me and Iruka every now and then.
Naruto, though he hid it better, was also battling nerves, with his shoulders hunched and his
face in its customary pout. Even Iruka started fidgeting, tapping his fingers on his desk and
staring at the door with a moue of distaste.
I wondered if it was for show. He was a chunin; surely he could wait silently if he wanted to?
Maybe he was used to being expressive because he worked with kids. Maybe he was just that
open a person, and that’s why he spent more time in the village and not on missions.

Me, I settled myself as comfortably as I could on the chair, and dropped my head in my arms
to doze. I’d thought about bringing a book, but the current one I was reading was a collection
of love poetry from a field of lilies to the waxing moon - I don’t know, I found it, the pictures
were pretty. I didn’t particularly want to bring it out in front of my team though.

So. Dozing. Verging dangerously close to napping, but managing to avoid it. Iruka left after
about an hour, with much apologising and assurances that our sensei wouldn’t be too much
longer (lies; he knew exactly who we’d been assigned to). Sakura tried to strike up a
conversation when he’d gone, but I avoided that with the spectacular technique of not
answering.

Another hour, and Naruto balanced a chalkboard eraser on the door frame.

“Naruto! Take it down, what if it falls on our sensei!”

“They’re a pretty shit sensei then if they fall for a trick like that!”

“Don’t swear!”

“The bastard swears all the time!”

Yes, the exclamation marks after every sentence are accurate. I know. I hate it too.

“Sasuke-kun, tell him not to prank sensei!”

“Oh hell no,” I baulked. “I’m not being the one in charge of this train wreck.”

“Yeah, yeah Sakura-chan, I’m going to be the hokage so I should -”

“Haruno can be,” I cut in. One day, Naruto would be a very competent and inspiring leader.
That day was not this day. He was annoying enough as he was.

That did feel a tad too harsh to say though when both of them screeched to a dumbfounded
silence and stared at me. I shifted uncomfortably in my seat and fished for a better
explanation. “She’s the smartest in our year,” I settled for, waving an awkward hand in her
direction. “Smart people make good decisions.”

“You… think I’m smart?” she asked in a small voice. I resisted the urge to frown and shrink
away. Those looked like feelings.

“Hn,” I said, then flushed with mortification at the fact that I’d just hnned, and deliberately
buried my face in my arms for concentrated dozing time. Thank kami I was too pale to flush
properly. And the light was wrong. They hadn’t seen anything. Nope.

Although, it would actually explain a lot if canon-Sasuke’s trademark reticence and grunting
was, in fact, supreme social awkwardness rather than arrogant superiority. I wasn’t an exact
copy of the guy but I had the same first seven years, so I wasn’t that far off.

I mean, I had his memories of his first seven years. Minus the baby memories, no one keeps
those. I felt like I was him. Don’t get me wrong, I still remembered seeing him skip off into
the big empty greyness beyond Itachi’s Tsukuyomi, but I also remembered being him, Itachi’s
baby brother in the flesh, and I still missed my Sasuke-mum as much as - if not more than -
my first mum.

Neither of them came close to my grandma though.

Sakura took a breath. “Naruto,” she said hesitantly, and I could feel her glancing my way for
approval. I kept very still and ignored them both. “As the team leader, I think you should…
not prank our sensei? So we, um, make a good impression?”

“Boring,” Naruto complained. “I still think it wouldn’t get them if they were any good.”

I wasn’t actually sure about that. Hadn’t Kakashi fallen for it? It was a long time since I’d
seen the anime - and I’d never read the manga - but certain things stuck in the mind. He
could’ve been faking, but on the other hand the eraser was non-lethal, made no use of chakra
or seals that could be detected, and even the smell of chalk wouldn’t register as anything
unusual. It’s entirely possible that the trap hit that perfect sweet spot of being simple enough
to go unnoticed while still being effective enough to do what it needed to.

If you laced the chalk with an odourless contact poison…

“There,” Naruto said. “I put it back. Happy?”

“Not really,” a new and surprisingly deep voice drawled. I tilted my head to the side so I
could look. “My first impression… I don’t like you. Meet me on the roof.”

He vanished in a cloud of smoke before I could see more than a mass of grey hair and baggy
clothes, but it was enough to confirm that that was, indeed, Hatake Kakashi. Sensei
extraordinaire, future hokage, Sharingan no Kakashi, and possessing of even worse hair than
I had.

Seriously. I’d like to say it was just unbrushed, but I used to have curly hair in my old life. I
recognised the floofed up look of not enough conditioner and too many split ends. Frizz gone
wild. That there needed a wide toothed comb and a hair mask stat, and if I had to guess at
what it actually got then I’d put my money on a dog brush and a complete lack of product.

“Should we go?” Sakura asked, twitching nervously towards the door. I raised an eyebrow
when she looked at me for confirmation, and she shook herself. “I’m smart,” she mumbled.
“Team captain.” Then, louder, “We should go.”

“C’mon, bastard! You’ll make us late!”

“It’s Kakashi,” I grumbled, levering myself out of my seat and joining them. “He likes late.”
“All right,” Kakashi said, when the three of us were sat cross legged on the roof.
“Introductions. Go.”

Naruto and Sakura exchanged glances, then Naruto shrugged comically and folded his arms
behind his head, squinting at Kakashi in suspicion. “Um,” Sakura started. “Introduce
ourselves how, Sensei?”

“Likes, dislikes, hobbies, dreams,” he drawled. “That sort of thing. Blondie, you go first.”

“Hey hey, what about you, Sensei? We don’t even know your name!”

“Maa, that’s true, isn’t it,” Kakashi said, scratching at the mask over his chin. It looked weird
in real life. It had looked pretty weird when it was fictional as well, but in real life it was
fitted tight over his nose and mouth as though it were made from a thick spandex. No creases,
no sign of where it was tied, no air holes or breathing tubes - how the hell did it not bother
him? It made me uncomfortably aware of my lungs just looking at it, I can’t imagine what it
would be like to actually wear.

“I'm Hatake Kakashi. Things I like and things I hate… I don't feel like telling you that. My
dreams for the future? Never really thought about it. As for my hobbies… I have lots of
hobbies.”

He eye smiled. Beneath the mask, I could just make out the edges of his lips, and I can
confirm that they didn’t move. It should have been creepy, but it was actually really
impressive how happy he made his one eye look.

“What was that?” Naruto demanded, pointing aggressively. Sakura twitched at his lack of
manners. “We didn’t learn anything except your name! That’s not how you introduce
yourself!” He huffed, putting his hands on his hips - oh, at some point he’d leapt to a standing
position. I wasn’t sure why, it was probably better for inspirational speeches. “I’m Uzumaki
Naruto! I like instant ramen, and I really like the ramen Iruka-sensei got me at Ichiraku’s, but
I hate the three minutes you have to wait after you pour the water in the ramen. My hobby is
eating different kinds of ramen and comparing them, and my future dream is to be the
greatest Hokage! Then the whole village will stop disrespecting me and start treating me like
I'm somebody important, believe it!”

There was a pause after his enthusiastic shouting. I’d known, roughly, what he was going to
say, but I honestly hadn’t been expecting that. That was… a lot of words. And volume. Did
he really just come out and say it about the whole village disrespecting him? Wow. This was
not a subtle person.

Which was odd, given that he wore neon orange and regularly evaded patrols while he was
out pranking.

Kakashi tilted his head, the very picture of unconcerned boredom. Forget ninja techniques, I
wanted this man to teach me his acting secrets. “Huh. Pinky, your turn.”

She blushed, but sat up straighter. “I’m Haruno Sakura. What I like is… I mean the person I
like is…” She blushed harder, and, naturally, looked at me. I pictured myself as stone and
tried not to react. Naruto glared. The whole thing was so damn unfair. “My hobby is… My
dream for the future is…” Save me. That was a genuine squeal. Help.

“And,” Kakashi prompted when she trailed off into giggly fantasy land. I mean, her giggly
fantasy land probably had a lot more in the way of weddings and holding hands than anything
else, but still. Still. I was being objectified and I didn’t like it. “What do you hate?”

She opened her mouth, cut a sideways look at Naruto, and changed what she was about to
say. “People who are disrespectful! And loud! And gross!”

“Yeah!” Naruto cheered, completely missing the point. “Bastard, do you!”

“I’m Uchiha Sasuke,” I said, then realised that oh shit, I’d actually have to do this
introduction. What had canon-Sasuke said? Something about Itachi? Well that was out. Um.
“I like shuriken. I dislike fish. My hobbies are…” Think, think, what did I do besides read
poetry books and train, think. “Plants? And my dream is -” eyeballs! No, fuck “- to be tall.”

“To be tall,” Kakashi repeated.

I could, potentially, have chosen a better dream, but I’d said it now. “Hn.” It wasn’t even
untrue. Being tall meant surviving. Being tall also meant getting over the stupid bout of
malnutrition I’d given myself in my first year living alone. It turns out that the diet of a
twenty something girl with a pretty sedentary lifestyle is really not enough for a seven year
old, chakra using, highly active proto-ninja with a lot of growing to do. I’d upped the calories
now, but I was still frustratingly short and twig-like.

I was pretty sure canon-Sasuke was taller than Naruto though. I had faith in my genes. I’d get
there.

“Well, now we all know each other,” Kakashi said, and eye smiled insincerely at us again.

“We get to go on missions! Sensei, Sensei what’s our first mission? Are we saving a princess,
finding some long lost treasure, do we fight bandits -”

“Do you ever shut up?” I grumbled under my breath. There are fics - many fics - where
Naruto is surprisingly mature, or where the self inserted character says something profoundly
wise and everyone gets along and it’s all lovely and grown up and everyone is sensible and
it’s all grand. Why, please, was this not one of those fics.

“Think of it as a survival mission,” Kakashi started explaining ominously, and I tuned him
out. Bell test, don’t eat, two thirds failure rate, yadda yadda. Unless he’d changed something
- which I doubted, I was pretty sure I’d matched canon so far - I already knew the drill.

But should I change something? Things would be different, just because I couldn’t remember
how they were meant to go. Not to mention the whole problem of Orochimaru and canon-
Sasuke’s merry jaunt around the continent being a missing nin. I had no plans to do any of
that. But… what did I have plans to do? I’d made it to the start of canon; that had been my
biggest worry so far. Now that I was here, I had a plot - and with it, some plot armour. I knew
that Danzo wouldn’t make a move on me, I knew that no one was going to try to take my
sharingan except for Orochimaru. If they had done, it would’ve been in the story.

“Training ground three,” Kakashi said. “Five tomorrow morning. Don’t eat breakfast
beforehand - you’ll just throw it up.” He cackled in a way that I distractedly decided I’d learn
how to copy, and disappeared in a puff of smoke.

Should I try to solve the big problems before they became big problems? Akatsuki, mainly.
Gaara, he was a major plotline. Obito. The fact that everyone still thought Itachi was bad
when he wasn’t. But realistically, I was a piddly little nothing-person. I had a kekkei genkai I
couldn’t use, a good grasp of the academy basics, and some vague foreknowledge that I had
no way of explaining how I’d got. I’d be better off supporting Naruto and Sakura and waiting
for them to fix it like they did in the original.

So… team? I should focus on making Team Seven as strong together as we could be?

“Um,” Sakura said, looking between the two of us. “Should we… Would you like to have a
team dinner, Sasuke-kun? We can go to Yakiniku if you don’t like fish.”

I made a face. Barbeque and I, we were not best friends. “I like fish. Just not when they’re
alive.”

“We could have ramen!”

“Or there’s sushi, if you prefer?”

They both turned to me and I sat back reflexively. “I have food at home,” I said before I’d
thought through the answer. Because, you know, I’d literally just decided that my goal should
be strengthening the team, so the first thing I did was refuse an option to strengthen the team.
Sakura’s face fell. “Sorry,” I blurted. “See you tomorrow.”

And then I most definitely did not run away. I sauntered. Casually. Completely in control of
myself and my life. Behind me, I heard Naruto offering to take Sakura to Ichiraku’s anyway
and introduce her to old man Teuchi, quickly followed by Sakura turning him down.

Great, now I felt like a dick as well as an idiot. I sauntered faster.

“Plushie-tan,” I said, letting myself in the kitchen door and kicking my sandals off
haphazardly. “I hate this. I can’t do this. How am I supposed to - they’re twelve! And
annoying! And they keep having feelings everywhere, what do I do with that?” I pulled open
the drawer harder than I meant to and grabbed the first pair of socks that fell out. It was fine.
The sideboard was probably a few hundred years old and priceless, no one cared if it had a
broken drawer.

“I can’t be responsible for other people,” I complained, roughly pulling off my old socks and
replacing them with clean ones. Ninja sandals, while very practical, were very open at the
toe. I’m not walking all that outside into my kitchen and over where I sleep, no sir. Yuck.
“Why can’t they manage with just the two of them like they did before?”
I froze. Actually, that was a fair point. Why couldn’t they? With the added bonus of not
spending so much time worrying about hunting me down as they had done for canon-Sasuke.
It was perfect. The world would get saved, I wouldn’t be caught up in it and risk dying in the
process, Sakura would start crushing on someone sensible, and Naruto wouldn’t be so hung
up on a best friend rival that literally tried to kill him multiple times over.

And I would… Could I take a desk job? No, probably not. We’d be back to Danzo and his
views on the sharingan bloodline going to waste. As unfairly pretty as the Uchiha genes
were, I wasn’t built to be a mother. Father.

Fucking gender bullshit.

No, my best protection was still to become as strong as it was humanly possible to be so that
I could keep people away from my eyes without relying on anyone else to do it for me. If I
couldn’t trust the village to keep me safe - it hadn’t kept any of my family safe, and it did a
shit job of keeping other people out of danger either - then who could I trust? Who did I have
who would always put me first and bring the wrath of Amaterasu down on anyone trying to
de-sharingan me?

Oh.

“Aniki,” I whispered, looking at the weasel plushie on my bed. I felt behind me for my stool
and leant back onto it with wide eyes.

It was just… so obvious.

Itachi was loyal to Konoha. That meant, it had to mean, that what he was doing in Akatsuki -
that he was in some way helping Naruto. Was he a spy? Probably. Maybe he sabotaged
things. If I joined him, if I helped him, then that would be me supporting the plot, right? Plus,
he was ridiculously strong. He’d been an ANBU captain when he was eleven! Twelve.
Twelve? He’d never actually told me that he got promoted, I knew about his ANBU role from
the things I’d found in his room and from canon foreknowledge. The same foreknowledge
told me he was stronger than Kakashi, had a better grasp of using the sharingan, and was
going to die at some point - I couldn’t remember how, I just knew he didn’t make it to the
end.

So: clearly I had to save him. No one else would. And while I was doing so, I could help him
save Konoha, and by extension Naruto and the world, and he could save me from
Orochimaru and Danzo and every other creepy old man that wanted a piece of me.

I didn’t actually know for sure if Danzo did or not, but he clearly had a thing for eyes, so.
Better safe than sorry.

“Ok,” I said, nodding to myself. “Ok. Plushie-tan, we have a plan.” Itachi appeared… after
the chunin exams. Naruto pulled on the kyuubi’s power to defeat Gaara, rumours started,
Itachi and Kisame came to check them out. Kakashi got sharinganed, Naruto almost got
kidnapped until Itachi stalled enough for Jiraiya to save him, Sasuke and Itachi had their first
major showdown of the anime. I couldn’t have asked for a better set up.
  All I had to do was survive on Team Seven until then, getting in as much training and
  growing as strong as possible so I wouldn’t be a burden on Itachi when I defected from
  Konoha and joined him. It was perfect. Flawless. Genius plan. Yes.



Chapter End Notes



    Shh, nobody tell Sasuke how Itachi actually died in canon. Also I should point out that
    we're not so much dealing with an unreliable narrator as an idiot narrator, so um. If
    something in the internal monologue looks screwy it probably is, and if you suspect it
    will come back later to bite everyone involved in their respective asses then it probably
    will.
                              Chapter 4: First arc: IV


I did not, in the end, have breakfast before the bell test. It hurt to skip it, a soul-deep wound
down to my very core, but I was still paranoid about knowing things I shouldn’t be able to
know. If anyone checked whether or not I’d followed my sensei’s instructions - not that I
thought they would, but if they did, then I had no plausible reason to have ignored them and
eaten anything.

I waved a mournful goodbye to my fruit bowl and hopped over the fence at ridiculous
o’clock in the morning. At some point I should probably get around to putting a gate between
the kitchen door and the street, but on the other hand I was used to the fence now and
couldn’t be asked, so. Myeh. Some point.

What I was not used to was the pre-dawn cold. I was Uchiha. We were fire people. We liked
the sun. My outfit consisted of a shirt, a pair of three-quarter length trousers, sandals, and
arm guards that were more there for the flame resistance than for warmth.

I was suffering, and I hated it.

“Good morning, Sasuke-kun!” Sakura chirped, looking far too cheerful and unaffected by the
cold despite wearing even less on her arms than me. I decided I hated her too. And Naruto, in
his warm and cosy jacket. How dare he.

I made a vague sound of acknowledgement that didn’t even try to be a hello, and decided to
redo my morning stretches. If I was lucky, I’d snap a tendon in the subarctic temperature and
be whisked off to hospital where I could have a blanket and a minimum of four breakfasts.
Shit, forget a tendon; I’d give my entire right foot for coffee. You know how long it’s been
since I had coffee? Five years. You know how long it’s been since I died and got roped into
being Sasuke? Five years.

Itachi, you have a lot to answer for. I still love you and I’m still going to help you overthrow
Akatsuki from the inside, but. Coffee.

“What kind of weird workout is that?” Naruto asked. I couldn’t see his face from my upside
down position, but I could hear the squint.

“The one I do when it’s too early and too cold and Sensei’s a dick who’s going to make us
wait four hours before bothering to show up.” It wasn’t even weird, just an all-over flexibility
routine that anyone familiar with the academy basic would recognise. They were so similar
that clan history claimed the academy basic was developed by one of our kunoichis, and
donated to the village as a sign of her devotion to the Senju’s dream.

Clan history also claimed that the Senju shamelessly spied on the kunoichi while she was
training and the academy basic was straight up theft. Given what our bloodline’s famous for,
I’m not sure we had much leeway for getting pissy about that, but. Old wounds.
I frowned though, because origins aside, the routine I was doing was an extended version of
academy basic. Naruto should know it. His education was messed up, sure, but stretching was
first steps. Had he seriously not been taught it?

“Stop bothering Sasuke-kun!” Sakura snapped, followed by a crash and a yelp as Naruto’s
head met her fist and then the floor. I didn’t wince. A muscle in my jaw may have twitched
from how hard I was not wincing. Kami, I was on a team with a psychopath. “It’s not his
fault that you’re such an idiot. He’s just being super prepared for the test, right Sasuke-kun?”

Go away, I thought, and skipped the next stretch in favour of staying in a handstand where I
didn’t have to look at them.

“That’s cheating!” Naruto complained, and I gave up, collapsing into a forward roll just so I
could look at him in exasperation.

“In what universe is it cheating to be prepared?” I asked.

“Ninja life is unpredictable! You have to be good at being surprised instead of being ready for
things or else you aren’t being a real ninja!”

I stared. Sakura stared. Naruto crossed his arms and glared at us, jaw set stubbornly forward,
and refused to back down.

“What the fuck,” I said.

“That’s not how it goes,” Sakura agreed.

Naruto glared harder. “It is,” he insisted.

“Ninja life is unpredictable,” Sakura recited, her voice falling into the familiar sing-song of a
learned saying. Because it was a learned saying, one we’d all picked up so early that I
couldn’t even tell you where from. Where did you first hear that a stitch in time saves nine?
Impossible to say. Unless you first heard it here, in which case there you go, free saying from
me. “So be ready for anything and be ready for surprises, because a ninja is never
unprepared.”

“That’s… not…” His voice trailed off in a way that, knowing what he was probably thinking,
was pitifully sad to listen to. “What I learnt?”

“Well, relearn,” I said flatly. Epiphanies about how screwed up the academy’s treatment of
him was could happen on his own time. Not that I didn’t care, but I had no idea what to say
or do about it, and I knew he’d be fine without my intervention. Ish. Fine-ish. Eventually.
“We’re not at the academy any more, a lot of things are going to be different.”

“Fine,” he bit out, his hurt morphing quickly - at least on the surface - back to belligerent
anger. “If you know everything, then what’s the test going to be?”

“How the hell should I know -”

“Then what are you preparing for, bastard -”
“I was stretching! Because it’s cold!”

“Oh, it’s cold? Sorry Hime-chan, let me just get your coat for you -”

“Will you both shut up!” Sakura finally exploded. She eeped, flushing bright red when we
both stared at her in shock, and flapped her hands at me in apology. “Sorry! Sorry, Sasuke-
kun, it’s just, um. We’re meant to be a team, aren’t we? And it’s best if teams don’t fight?”

Naruto opened his mouth, probably to shout a violent agreement or more violent denial, but
snapped it shut again as Sakura brandished a fist at him.

I took a breath and tried to squash my crabbiness. Paranoia could go fuck itself. Next time I
was having breakfast, Kakashi be damned. “Haruno’s right,” I said, when I could finally trust
myself not to growl it. Adulting and maturity right there, that’s what that was. “We’re a
team.”

“We’re a sucky team -”

“Naruto! Language!”

“Did you hear what the bastard’s been saying all morning?”

“And,” I continued, raising my voice over the byplay. “Haruno’s our team leader. So. We
should do what she says.”

They blinked owlishly at me. I resisted the urge to fidget. Adult. Also, this was the whole
point of establishing yesterday that they shouldn’t look to me to make decisions. I made
crappy decisions that ended up with Naruto shouting at me.

“I’m the team leader,” Sakura repeated, shaking her head. “Ok. Um. We should, um.” She
glanced around nervously. “We should… all be prepared. Like Sasuke-kun. With, um.
Stretches.”

“How are stretches meant to prepare us for anything?” Naruto asked. Sakura bristled, but it
seemed like an honest question, so I answered.

“They stop you injuring yourself when you’re training.”

“Huh. Ok, then, if Sakura-chan says stretches, I can stretch.” He sketched her a sloppy salute
that had her standing straighter, even if she pretended to be annoyed.

“Great,” I said, and turned myself upside down again just in time to tune out Sakura’s
scolding as Naruto completely butchered the first position.

This team was a mess.



By the time Kakashi finally deigned to show up, my stomach was digesting itself, lack of
calories had given me hypothermia, and I was ready to commit murder. I glowered my way
through his explanation of the rules.

“Remember,” he finished off with, “Whoever doesn’t get a bell goes back to the academy - or
fails out of being a ninja all together.” He shook the two bells with a happy little jingle of
sadism and torment and clipped them to his belt. “You’ll have to come at me with intent to
kill to even have a chance. Begin!”

Intent to kill. Boy, give me an opening and I’ll choke you with your own hair. In one long
silver string I wound three times his little throat around…

“This is bullshit!” Naruto exploded.

“Naruto!”

“What’s the point of putting us in teams if they’re just gonna split us up, huh? It’s stupid!”

“It… He’s still going to pass two of us,” Sakura said. “Maybe he’s just making sure he gets
the stronger two?” Her shoulders slumped and she looked between us, clearly already
marking herself out as weakest.

Which was idiotic. Naruto was the dead last; based on what she’d seen of him so far, she
should be writing him off as a lost cause. He wasn’t, we know that, but Sakura had seen
nothing to make her think that Naruto was better than a beached jellyfish, and she still ranked
herself lower than him.

Worse was that Naruto was doing the exact same thing, glaring between me and Sakura with
his face scrunched in an unhappy pout as he decided that clearly, the two of us were going to
pass and leave him behind.

All we needed now was for me to have a crisis of faith and decide that, as the heroes, those
two should carry the torch for Team Seven and leave me to wither away and die by myself,
and we’d have a full set of insecurities and angst. God, how was I the one representing the
team’s optimism and good cheer?

“If we get the bells,” I said. “Which we probably won’t, because he’s a jounin and we aren’t
yet genin. He’s too strong for any one of us.” So therefore we should…

“Oh,” Sakura said, slumping further. “If you think so, Sasuke-kun.”

Kami save me.

“Then I’ll be the first not-genin to be hokage!” Naruto declared, shifting himself with no
warning to inspirational speech pose number four, complete with raised fist and determined
expression. “And no dick-sensei’s going to stop me!”

I choked. So did Sakura. “You can’t call him dick-sensei!” she shrieked, loud enough that
Kakashi, across the field and reading his orange porn book, couldn't fail to hear.

I mean, he was probably listening anyway, but come on. Can we at least have a pretense at
being sneaky stealth ninjas, please.
“If we’re doing this we’re best off working as a team,” I said, cutting the crap and just
coming straight out with it. “Uzumaki, you’re good at traps, right? And Haruno, you’re the
team leader. What do you want us to do?” I bit my tongue on mentioning Naruto’s clones. We
hadn’t seen them yet, technically I didn’t know for sure that he had them, and as far as I was
concerned they were off limits until Naruto volunteered them.

“Um.” She swallowed, eyes wide and so out of focus that the only thing she could be looking
at was the far side of Suna. It occured to me, for the first time, that she was twelve,
inexperienced, and completely lacking in confidence. She also hadn’t actually asked to be the
team leader at any point. “We should, um. Naruto should. Lay a trap? And then Sasuke can.
Take the bells. From sensei. When he gets, um. Trapped.”

She gets over her issues by herself, I reminded myself. Ditching both of them as soon as
Itachi swings by. Just. Just roll with it until then.

“That could work,” I lied. “Uzumaki, we’ll distract Kakashi while you make your trap then
try and push him towards it. Where do you need him, and how long to set up?”

He squinted at the battlefield in concentration. “There,” he decided, pointing at the tree line.
“And don’t worry about set up - I’ve got an awesome plan. It’ll be ready in time, believe it!”

“Ok. Haruno, you ready? We need the best way for two genin to approach a jounin. I’ve got
shuriken and fire jutsu, both of us have the academy basic taijutsu and kunai, and we don’t
need to incapacitate him, just to drive him back to the trees to spring the trap.”

The exam-question style phrasing seemed to settle her, and when she took a breath and
answered her voice was steadier and less high pitched. “Distract and evade,” she said. “One
of us should be close enough to stop him forming hand seals, the other should control the
fight from a distance. Um, shuriken are long range weapons so if you take the distance, I
can… do taijutsu?” She blanched. Her taijutsu was nowhere near strong enough to pull it off
and she knew it, but the roles she’d assigned were technically the text-book correct answer.

“We’ll swap out part way,” I said. “It’ll throw him off.”

“All right, let’s go!” Naruto cheered - and disappeared in a puff of smoke. What. That was a
clone? How was that a clone. When was that a clone. What.

“Shannaro!” Sakura yelled in response, nowhere near as mind-blown by the shadow clone as
I thought she should be, and charged down the field towards Kakashi with her fist pulled
back to strike.

“Jesus christ,” I muttered, and sprinted after her, already pulling a handful of shuriken out my
thigh holster. “I’m on a team of lunatics.”

Kakashi didn’t even look up from his book, the bastard. He leaned casually to the side to
dodge Sakura’s punch, then sat down on the floor to slide neatly under the high kick she
followed it up with. I threw three shuriken in quick succession, swinging wide to get an angle
that Sakura wasn’t blocking, and he knocked two of them away with his shoe when he
crossed his legs then hunched his shoulders in a lecherous giggle and completely ignored the
third as it sailed over his head.

Shit, this was getting nowhere. I couldn’t fireball because Sakura was too close, and we
hadn’t budged him an inch closer to Naruto. We needed to get him moving, somehow.

“Sasuke-kun, swap!” Sakura commanded, abandoning her ineffective taijutsu to fall back
towards me. I grit my teeth; Kakashi was just playing with us, but if he got serious we
wouldn’t stand a chance. If we were going to do anything idiotic it needed to be now.

“Catch!” I yelled, and flung myself at her. She squawked, hands flying up to block her face as
I swung a kunai out, but I was focussed more on the Icha Icha book Kakashi was giggling
over. Kawarimi worked best with something the same size and shape but it was my favourite
jutsu for a reason, and that was that with the right timing and surprise -

Now, I thought, and switched places with the book just before I would’ve slammed into
Sakura. I heard her shriek and fumble with it but I didn’t stop to see if she caught it, all my
attention on twisting out of Kakashi’s hold and trying to stab the kunai somewhere painful.
He blocked it, but I was already moving, foot aimed at his ear - he dodged - kunai again,
slicing to his kneecap - block - elbow aimed at his -

His palm slammed into my ribcage, sending me flying with my breath hissing out in a painful
wheeze.

“Points for intent to kill,” he said mildly as I struggled to stand. “But you seem to have
forgotten the bells, Sasuke-kun. Whatever could I have done to upset you so much?”

I hacked a cough in response, staggering to my feet. Sakura was running towards Naruto,
Icha Icha clutched tight to her chest, and Kakashi heaved an annoyed and put upon sigh.
“Maa, I suppose I shouldn’t leave that with a young and impressionable lady. What would her
mother say if she knew what you’d been giving her, hm?”

Oh, that was too rich. “She’s the one who keeps perving on me!” He started trotting lazily
after her, and I reached down for a shuriken to throw -

Bastard. My shuriken pouch.

“Missing something, Sasuke?” He was twirling it round his finger. Bastard.

Taijutsu wouldn’t work. The hand signs for the fireball jutsu took too long - I wasn’t fast
enough yet to use it without a few more seconds than I had. I had no weapons, and I wouldn’t
trick him with kawarimi twice.

Fleeing it was. Icha Icha was the priority, Sakura would be the distraction, and speed was one
thing I had. “Haruno!” I yelled, catching her attention as I ran up the outside of her and
angled towards where Naruto was waiting. She stared at me with wide, panicked eyes, full
out sprinting as Kakashi lazily loped after her. “Throw!” I demanded.
In retrospect, I should probably have expected the force with which the book came flying
directly at my head. I snatched it out the air and increased my pace, heading straight for -

“You seem to have forgotten the bells again, Sasuke-kun,” Kakashi said, voice echoing from
the darkness around me. I slowed to a gentle jog, not wanting to risk my ankles on ground I
couldn’t see.

“Ninja art: Genjutsu,” Kakashi continued, disembodied and ominous. I scowled and stopped
running, dropping instead into a defensive stance. We hadn’t covered genjutsu much at the
academy, not beyond the foundational theory of it. I hadn’t been in one since Itachi’s
Tsukuyomi. “If you can’t keep your head on the mission, who knows where you’ll end up?”

“I knew what I was doing,” I said. Everything was still black; I was tempted to close my eyes
so I could hear better, but I knew that wouldn’t help. If anything did appear, I needed to be
able to see.

“Did you? Do you know what you’re doing now?”

Waiting. There had to be a point to the genjutsu. It was auditory and visual, but I could still
smell the forest and feel the ground - if he hadn’t messed with my sense of touch then I’d feel
it if he tried to take the book.

“Perhaps you need some encouragement.” I blinked, and Kakashi was standing in front of
me, book in his hand - no! That had to be a trick, I was still holding it. He locked eyes with
me and raised his hands in a hand seal as I frantically tried to check if the book I had was real
or not. “Demonic illusion: Hell viewing technique.”

I froze. Kakashi dissolved, breaking up into ripples. The dark got colder. It pressed on my
chest, and my breath stuck in my lungs.

What was he - no, he couldn’t - I was the last Uchiha, I hadn’t activated my sharingan, they
wouldn’t kill me yet -

The water flooded over my nose, stinging my eyes until I screwed them shut. It’s not real, it
wasn’t real, just an illusion but I could feel it - except the genjutsu wasn’t meant to cover
touch so how could I feel the water, it wasn’t there I just needed to breathe -

“Kai,” I gasped, finally remembering how to break a genjutsu. The word came out breathless,
stolen in a bubble of air. My last air. There wasn’t any more just water water water -

I slammed the corner of the book into the side of my head hard enough to see stars and
practically sobbed in relief as the pain made the cold-dark-wet vanish. Konoha’s training
grounds were beautiful. Look at those trees. Trees! Gorgeous plants of perfection, full of that
sweet sweet oxygen that I was never going to stop breathing again.

“Well that was disappointing,” Kakashi said. “I thought you were meant to be the rookie of
the year? The dead-last gave a better showing than that.”
I glared, still gulping down huge breaths of air. Naruto had evidently sprung his trap; there
were kunai everywhere, and at least five of him that I could see in various states of tied up
and hung from the branches. It was impossible to tell which was the real one - maybe none of
them were. Kakashi had Sakura in front of him in a choke hold, not tight enough to hurt her
but one that she wasn’t escaping from without help.

“You’re an asshole,” I managed. I didn’t even have Icha Icha, he’d replaced it with a rock.
One that was suspiciously red from where I’d used it to brain myself. Great.

“Oh,” he pouted. “And here I was about to offer you a deal. These two almost got the bells,
but your taijutsu was better. So! I’ll give you one of their bells instead.” He blinked,
completely ignoring Naruto’s five-fold strangled protest. “Who would you like on your team,
Sasuke-kun, and who are you going to send back to the academy?”

“Asshole,” I repeated. I didn’t believe him for a second, but I did believe that if he didn’t like
my answer he’d fail us all just because he could. I frowned, thinking furiously. I had to show
that we were a team. Why had he singled me out as the weak link? I was the one trying to
push the others into the damn team in the first place! Was that it, did he think I’d seen
through the trick and was cheating? Maybe. I’d ignored the bells, and we’d never actually
decided among the three of us what we’d do with them if we got them. All we’d said was that
we’d need to work together to have a chance.

“Tick tock, Sasuke. Pick a team mate.”

Fuck it. “No,” I said.

“Oh? Then I guess both of them are failing, if you don’t want either of them with you.”

“No, damnit. They got the bells. They pass.” Please let that be the right answer. If I got tied to
the log without lunch I would eviscerate someone.

Kakashi hummed. “That sounds like you going back to the academy then. What a turnout for
the rookie of the year.”

“Get on with it!” I snapped. “They make a good team. If you want me as well, pass all of us.
Otherwise send me back and stop wasting time.”

He hummed again, drawn out and slow, and tapped his chin in mock thought. I clenched my
hand into a fist around my bloody rock and fought the urge to scream. “Well,” he finally
drawled. “I guess we’ll need to work on that temper of yours, Sasuke-kun. Ah, that’s a
problem for future me. Lucky him.” He let go of Sakura and stepped back, hands innocently
behind his back and eye in that damned smiley u-shape again. Naruto yelped, and four of him
- as well as several of the kunai - disappeared in bunshin-smoke as the fifth dropped out of
the tree in an untidy sprawl.

“Wait wait, is that it? Do we pass?” he asked, pushing himself up his knees.

“You pass!” Kakashi cheered. “Congratulations my cute little genin! Look, I even made
celebratory bentos for you. I only made two though, because there were only supposed to be
two of you… Oh, Sasuke won’t mind if I give them to you two. You nearly got the bells and
he got stuck in a genjutsu, it’s only fair!”

He handed the bentos over, patted a shell-shocked Sakura on the head, and flopped down on
the ground with his own bento appearing apparently from thin air. I stared. My stomach
growled. Naruto looked between me and Sakura with a vaguely confused expression.

“Sensei,” I said in an even, flat tone. “I despise you.”

“Ah, you say the most adorable things,” he cooed.

That’s it. I have a better dream. My life long ambition is no longer to be tall; it’s to make this
man’s life hell. He will rue the day he met me, the sadistic motherfucker. Rue.
                                       Chapter 5: First arc: V
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   D-ranks.

   You knew they were coming. I knew they were coming. Sakura knew they were coming.
   Naruto flails through life being in turn surprised and outraged by everything he finds, and I’m
   pretty sure that even he knew they were coming.

   But did you know that an anime montage to connect the graduation arc to the wave mission
   arc completely failed to capture the sheer number of d-rank missions Team Seven actually
   did? I thought it was only meant to be a few days, a week tops, and then Tayuma or Itsusa or
   Tsazuna or whatever the drunk bridge building maniac was called would shamble in and
   insult us and the plot would start picking up in earnest. Easy. Simple. Efficient.

   Lies.

   We’d graduated at the end of March. It was now well into mid April, and we were still doing
   d-ranks. And you know the worst part? In another situation, I would’ve actually liked d-
   ranks. I wouldn’t mind doing them. Gardening, home maintenance, running errands - these
   were exactly the sort of mindless little tasks that kept my hands busy while my thoughts
   wandered. If I were at home, I’d be humming, or amusing myself by trying to do everything
   in a handstand, or explaining to Plushie-tan why the lack of commercially available bleach in
   Konoha was a crime against humanity and surely no one civilised would stand for it.

   I get that synthetically produced chemicals are hard, but come on. I’m reduced to scrubbing
   the bins out with washing up gloves and bars of soap. It’s barbaric.

   But painting a fence on a nice spring day? Yes. Delightful. Peaceful. Calming. Meditation
   grade zen, even.

   “Naruto!”

   Except for one tiny thing.

   “What? He wanted the fence painted, I painted the fence!”

   “Maa, done already? That was fast.”

   “No one’s faster than the Naruto clone army, believe it!”

   “It doesn’t matter how fast you are, idiot! You did it wrong!”

   “But Sakura-chan -!”
I put my paintbrush down across the lip of the paint tin and levelled Kakashi with the most
unimpressed look I could muster. He gave me a cheery wave from his position in the trees,
not even bothering to look up from his book.

“Sounds like your team could use your help, Sasuke,” he chirped. “I think Sakura’s going to
give Naruto a concussion.”

“Haruno’s the team leader,” I deadpanned. “If she wants to put Uzumaki in hospital, she
can.”

“I heard that, bastard!”

Kakashi nodded in solemn agreement. “So cold, my cute little genin. Who hurt you, hm?
Weren’t you listening to my inspirational speech by the memorial stone?”

I looked at him suspiciously. Kakashi was impossible to read; I could never tell if he was
actually fishing for information, or if he was just messing around. I knew that I was a flight
risk and actively trying to keep my distance with the other members of the team because I
was going to abandon them and follow my s-rank missing nin brother into his life of crime as
a member of a terrorist organisation set on ending the world, but Kakashi didn’t. I hoped. Did
he? He was one of the most powerful characters in the entire series. He was also squirrelly as
fuck. Who knew what he knew?

“I’m not putting the mission above my teammates,” I said. “He has a healing factor. He’ll be
fine.”

“So cold.”

I frowned, but didn’t bother to ask why Kakashi didn’t step in himself if he was so worried.
I’d learnt early on that his hands-off approach extended to pretty much every area of
teaching. He was more like a babysitter than a sensei. Not even a babysitter. Vaguely
concerned bystander. He accidentally happened to be in the same vicinity. Sometimes.

“No more clones!” Sakura yelled, dispatching the last of them with a sharp blow to the head
that left the real Naruto reeling in pain as the memory hit him. “Do it right or don’t do it at
all!”

My zen, I thought mournfully. We didn’t even have any cold tea. The man who’d hired us
had a tray of it in his kitchen, I could see it through the window, but as soon as he’d seen
Naruto he’d scarpered inside and made no attempt to offer it to us.

“Here,” I said, passing Naruto a scraper and a block of sandpaper. “You need to take the old
paint off before you put the new paint on.”

“I don’t need your help, bastard,” he growled, nursing his headache and glaring. Sakura
raised her fist again in warning. “Fine! I’ll take the stupid old paint off. I don’t see why we
have to do that. It doesn’t say we have to in the mission briefing.”
“Because I’m the team leader and I say you do what Sasuke-kun tells you, that’s why,”
Sakura snarled, hands on her hips and her own scraper held like a kunai in her fist. Whatever
reservations she’d had about giving orders at the bell test, they’d melted away in the face of
Kakashi’s - and my - tacit approval of her being in charge. Not that she’d give me any orders
still, not without a lot of stuttering and umming and general purpose blushing, but Naruto?
She could boss him around like a pro.

Naruto took an angry breath, ready to defend himself, and I practically shoved the tools in his
hands to cut him off. “If you leave the old paint it’ll flake off, and then there’ll be holes in the
new paint and it won’t look good. Also the client will be pissed that we rushed and did a
sloppy job.” I retreated before he could reply and sat firmly cross legged by my own -
beautifully sanded - piece of fence.

Paint brush. Paint. Even, measured strokes. Zen.

“You sure know a lot about fences, Sasuke-kun,” Kakashi said, appearing on my fence post.
“I bet you know more painting tips than jutsus, even. You could be a decorator!”

My eye twitched. “You could teach us a jutsu. Because you’re a teacher.”

“Hm.” He tapped his chin and tilted his head back to look up at the cloudless blue sky.
“Sorry, not today. It’s the wrong phase of the moon for jutsu teaching. Best stick to fences for
now, ne?”

The shuriken I aimed at his eye was entirely justified. The fact that he’d apparently used a
water clone instead of a shadow clone and the burst of water wrecked the painting I’d already
done was fucking rude and uncalled for.

I grit my teeth and fired up my old friend the immolation jutsu to dry myself out. It was my
new defence against the fact that Kakashi demanded we meet before dawn each day, despite
never turning up himself until the sun was high in the sky. Turns out that using chakra to set
yourself on fire is an excellent way to keep warm, so long as you stop before any actual
flames appear.

“Ah ah, Sasuke, no slacking!”

And so long as you weren’t interrupted while you were building the chakra by your idiot of a
sensei throwing a kunai at you.

“Hate,” I hissed, and shamelessly stole the kunai.



Four hours, three d-ranks, and two more unnecessary soakings later - one of which happened
because Naruto over-balanced while we were draining a flooded river bank and dragged me
in it - and we were finally, finally done for the day.

“Look at that, my precious ducklings! Just time for one more -”
“No,” I snarled. “It’s almost dinner, you didn’t let us stop for lunch, I am getting clean and
then I’m eating or so help me there will be hell.”

Sakura and Naruto didn’t say anything themselves, but by the way they closed ranks beside
me in exhausted agreement I knew they felt the same.

Kakashi eye smiled and ruffled my hair. He’s damn lucky I didn’t bite his fingers off. “Maa,
you’re so grumpy when you’re hungry. Like a puppy!”

Behind me, Sakura choked. Even Naruto stifled a snort. I glared at Kakashi, and if there
weren’t so many eyeball thieves in the world I swear I’d’ve activated my sharingan then just
to fully express how much I despised him.

“Well,” he allowed, prudently removing his hand from my head. “As a responsible adult I
can’t possibly inflict you on clients in this state. Did you know, Sasuke-kun, you’re all
covered in river mud? See you tomorrow, usual time!”

He waved, and poofed out like the coward he was. I think this one was a shunshin. I was
getting better at telling the difference between them and clones - mainly because Naruto took
any opportunity to put his kage bunshin to use, whether he needed to or not.

“Aw man!” Naruto complained. “He’s gone again! We didn’t get to do any training today
either.”

“We never get to do training with him,” I corrected. “Because he’s shit.”

Naruto pointed at me and looked expectantly at Sakura. She flushed, but dutifully said, “Um,
Sasuke-kun, maybe we shouldn’t be so, um, disrespectful of Sensei?”

“Yeah, bastard! Language!”

I rolled my eyes to hide my surprise. Sakura, telling Sasuke that he was doing something
wrong? This was character development at its finest. I didn’t know whether to be proud of
her for it or annoyed that I was being called out for swearing by someone less than half my
age, and settled for awkwardly glossing over it.

“We can always train by ourselves. We don’t need him for sparring or taijutsu practice.”

“Together?” Naruto asked, scrunching up his nose. “As in, all three of us, at the same time?”

“Unless you have another team,” I huffed, stung. I thought Naruto was meant to be desperate
for friends?

“That’s a great idea, Sasuke-kun!” Sakura gushed. “We can use the mornings, before Sensei
arrives. Oh, that’s probably what he meant us to do in the first place - Sasuke-kun is so clever
for seeing underneath the underneath!”

“Yeah, and it’ll be way less boring than all those stretches, believe it!”
I stuck my tongue out at him. Yes, I was filling the empty hours of the morning with more
flexibility training. Yes, I was doing it to stop them talking to me. And yes, it was still
freezing cold at the asscrack of dawn, and I needed to keep moving to stop my bones
calcifying into ice. It wasn’t my fault the other two insisted on watching instead of joining in.

“We should do something,” Sakura said, standing up straighter with a disturbingly
determined expression. “Something as a team. Ino-pig said Team Ten go out to Yakiniku after
training and I think Team Eight’s sensei took them to the tea shop. We need a Team Seven
thing!”

“Ramen!” Naruto immediately volunteered. He grabbed my elbow as the closest person and
started tugging me down the street. I planted my heels and refused to move.

“Clean,” I countered.

“We could go to the onsen?” Sakura suggested, with just enough casual mildness that it was
obviously not casual in the slightest. Also, the blush. And the way she kept looking at me and
flicking her gaze away while biting her lip invitingly.

The fuck do they teach in kunoichi classes. I wasn’t a raging hornball when I was a twelve
year old girl. I think I’d just discovered nail polish and training bras. Also pokemon. The
trading cards were banned at school because people kept stealing them from each other, so
we colonised the chess club and used that as a front for our illegal black market dealings.

I was a cool kid, ok.

I was also far too sensible to venture willingly into a body of water deep enough to cover my
head. Admittedly, you’d have to sit really really slouched, but the heat could easily make you
light headed and then you’d fall asleep and slowly slide down until you never came up again
and then what would you do with yourself. Look like an idiot for going in the water, that’s
what.

“I have a bath at home,” I said. She looked crestfallen, and I’m weak, so I relented: “We
could have dinner later, though. Team dinner. As a team. Not a date. Uzumaki has to be
there.”

“Team dinner at six!” Naruto all but shouted, pointing at both of us. “Don’t be late like
Sensei!”

“We’ll meet in the town square,” Sakura agreed, recovering far too quickly from the
disappointment of not going to the onsen. “See you there!”



“I think I got played,” I admitted to Plushie-tan once I was home, showered (I had a bath,
somewhere - I think next to my parents' room? - but that didn’t mean I had to subject myself
to it), and wrapped in a plain navy yukata while my hair dried. “I thought she was meant to
be straightforward. She yells shannaro and charges at people. How did I let myself be talked
into this?”
Plushie-tan stared wisely back with his shiny button eyes and didn’t answer.

“That’s fine for you to say. You don’t have to put clothes on again.” I poked at the soggy pile
of black I’d been wearing earlier and made a face. Straight in the washing machine with
those. Thank god laundry detergent was widely available, even if bleach wasn’t.

I swear, one day I was going to work out the rules of why some things did and didn’t exist.
One day.

Pulling open the sideboard door and staring at my neatly folded stack of more black was
spectacularly uninspiring. “I don’t wanna wear clothes,” I whined. “I like pyjamas. I’ve had a
hard day. I want pyjamas, and sappy poems, and bed. Maybe ice cream.”

I pouted. It wasn’t even like I could put casual clothes on instead of my shinobi gear. I didn’t
have casual clothes. Because Itachi didn’t have casual clothes, the overachieving nut. Why
couldn’t he predict that one day I’d live entirely in his cast-offs and get some pretty things to
balance out the serious?

“I bet he does have pretty things,” I muttered. “He’s just hiding them. He must’ve worn not-
work clothes for something.” Didn’t the clan parties mandate formal wear? No, wait, what
was I thinking. Formal wear meant heavy silk kimonos, I remembered being stuffed into
them the few times my parents took me with them. That was precisely the opposite of what I
was going for.

It did make me think though; Fugaku always used to wear a haori. At least, he did around the
clan compound - I think he had a standard flak jacket shinobi outfit for when he was on duty,
but I didn’t see him wearing it much. I didn’t have the full outfit to go under a haori, but it
wasn’t like Naruto or Sakura would care, would they? I just… really didn’t want to put my
training gear back on.

Hell, Naruto and Sakura probably wouldn’t care if I turned up in the yukata. It was only the
clan elders who were still traditional enough to consider them home clothes. Surely. I’d seen
loads of people wear them in public. Right? Maybe.

“All right, house,” I muttered, pushing open the closed door to the main body of the house.
“Haori me.”

The house answered with a cloud of dust, and, when I flicked the light on, a clear view of the
missing tatami mats where Itachi stabbed our mum.

“The clan elders are dead, what do they know,” I said, tying an obi round my waist to hold
the yukata shut. “I’m a child of the future, I can wear what I want. See you later, Plushie-
tan.”



I regretted the yukata by the time I met up with the others. As warm and comfortable as it
was round the house, it wasn’t thick enough to protect against the chill of the evening. Not
that my normal shirt would have done much better, which was why I usually avoided the
outside world after the sun went down, but on the other hand my normal shirt wouldn’t have
got Naruto and Sakura sending me weird side-eyes the whole walk to the restaurant.

“Would you two stop that?” I hissed. “They’re just clothes!”

“But Sasuke-kun, I didn’t know you wore kimono!”

“It’s not a kimono. And I don’t. Except at home.”

“You feel comfortable enough to wear home clothes around us? Sasuke-kun!”

“Less comfortable by the second,” I muttered, turning away from her. That didn’t help much
- Naruto was on my other side, squinting. “What?”

“You’re too pretty,” he said. “If you dress like a girl, people are going to think you’re a girl.”

“Men wear yukatas!”

“You still look like a girl,” he repeated, chin raised in a stubborn tilt that said his mind
wouldn’t be changed, then adjusted his position to glare at everyone passing by instead of at
me.

I stuck my tongue out at the back of his head. Truthfully, I didn’t mind looking like a girl. It
was actually… Nice. Maybe, once I’d left Konoha and I could stop being so paranoid of the
village finding out about my previous life, I could capitalise on that. Itachi loved me, right?
He’d still love me if I was a sister. Sometimes. It felt weird to think of myself as ever being
fully girl again, but it was comforting to have the option.

“Where are we going, anyway?” I asked. Sakura had vetoed ramen, and as much as Naruto
pouted he’d bowed to the inevitable and let her lead the way.

“Sushi!” she said. “You said you liked fish, and there’s a sushi place just round the corner
that’s really good.”

“Ah,” Naruto faltered. “Old lady Emiyo’s sushi place?”

“Yes!” She seemed to pick up on his hesitance, and offered, “I think they have some other
dishes, if you don’t like sushi?”

“No, I like sushi. Um, do they have tables outside? I could hold the table while you two
order?”

I made a strangled sound of protest. “Do you people just not feel the cold? Inside. With the
heat. Like normal human beings.”

We reached the restaurant then and Sakura pushed open the doors to go in. Naruto tried to
tuck himself in behind me, but given that he was at least an inch taller and his hair was
fluorescent yellow, he wasn’t that successful.

“Table for three please, Obaasan!” Sakura said, all cheerfulness and polite bows.
“Sakura-chan!” the old lady greeted. “And you’re a genin now, I see! This must be your -
team.” Her kind expression froze as she glanced over at us. My eyes narrowed. She seemed
to debate with herself for a second, then turned back to Sakura with regret. “I’m sorry
Sakura-chan, we don’t have any tables spare tonight. You and your team will have to eat
elsewhere.”

I could feel Naruto droop behind me.

“There’s a table,” I said, interrupting whatever Sakura was going to say. I pointed at random,
not breaking eye contact. “There’s some more.”

“Reserved, I’m afraid,” she said with a fake smile.

“Ah, that’s ok, Obaasan,” Sakura said, shooting me a puzzled look. “We don’t want to be a
fuss! We’ll come back another time?”

The fake smile slipped, and surely Sakura must’ve noticed there was something wrong. “I
don’t know that that’s the best idea -”

“I’m so sorry to hear of your supply troubles,” I said, deliberately raising my voice to be
overheard. “I hope you get some fresher fish soon, and thank you for your honesty.” I bowed,
so precisely perfect that my mum would’ve applauded, and grabbed Naruto’s sleeve as I
turned to leave.

“Sasuke-kun, wait!” Sakura said behind us. I ignored her, marching out the door with Naruto
stumbling behind. Really. Really? She was just going to stand there and blatantly lie about
her restaurant being booked up, like we couldn’t see through her? It wasn’t even a good lie!
How fucking dumb did she think we were?

“Fucking reserved,” I muttered. “Not the best idea, bunch of piss-headed troglodytes. The
fuck does she take us for.”

“Uh, Sasuke?” Naruto said. I whirled on him, one step short of baring my teeth.

“What?”

“Sasuke-kun, what was that?” Sakura asked, breathing heavily as she caught up. “You can’t
just say that! Now everyone will think her food is bad!”

I stared. That was the point. I didn’t see a problem.

Sakura huffed. “At least there weren’t too many people there tonight,” she allowed. “Emiyo-
san will be able to sort this out.”

“You’re right,” I said with a decisive nod, and changed direction. I’d let go of Naruto’s arm
but he trotted behind me anyway like I was still dragging him, looking vaguely constipated in
his bewilderment. Sakura didn’t follow immediately, but I heard her steps behind us soon
enough.
The fish stall was just packing up when I reached it, which was lucky. I was angry enough
that I’d forgotten how late it was. “Ito-san,” I called, grabbing his attention as I approached.

“Uchiha-kun! Ah, sorry, I’ve just finished for the day -”

“You supply the fish for Emiyo’s, don’t you?”

He blinked, taken aback by my harsh tone. “Ah… yes?”

I nodded. “She’s been selling old fish. I thought it was odd because yours is very good, so I
wasn’t sure if she’d changed supplier.”

Behind me, Sakura choked. I ignored her.

“Ah.” Ito-san frowned. “Thank you, Uchiha-kun. That’s good to know, and good of you to
tell me.” He bowed, and I bowed back, once again so rigidly straight you could’ve used me
as a protractor. It seemed that my temper brought out my mother’s training, who knew. “Was
there anything else I could do for you?”

“No thank you,” I refused. Over his shoulder, I saw two people whispering to each other; one
of them inclined their head in the direction of the sushi place. Good. “I’ll see you in the
morning, Ito-san. Have a good night.”

He bowed, again, I bowed back, again, he wished us also a good night, and that was that. Job
done.

Sakura waited until we were out of hearing range before she turned on me. “Sasuke-kun!
Why did you say that? He’ll stop supplying Emiyo-san and then she won’t have any fish to
sell, what if she closes?”

“She insulted Naruto,” I shot back. “She insults my team mate, I insult her fish. I’m just
better at it than she is.”

“She didn’t insult Naruto,” Sakura protested weakly, but the guilty way she looked aside said
that she knew that wasn’t quite true. I raised an eyebrow at her and she wilted further.

“Hey, this means we can get ramen though!” Naruto cut in, breaking the stand off. “C’mon
Sakura-chan, bastard, I’ve got to introduce you to old man Teuchi, and if we’re lucky Ayami-
neechan will be there too, she’s almost as pretty as you are Sakura-chan, and they make the
best ramen so you’ll love it and -”

He kept talking, too fast and way too cheerful for either of us to get a word in edgeways. I
was all too happy to drop the subject; even knowing that Naruto would grow up to one day be
loved by Konoha didn’t make it ok that some people thought they could treat him like that.
Didn’t they know he was the title character, the hero? And aside from that, couldn’t they see
that he was a good person? He didn’t deserve to be, to be abused like that. If Emiyo didn’t
want to be put out of business by a few unfounded rumours then she should’ve tried being a
decent human being. It would do her good to be shunned for something she didn’t do. See
how she liked it.
I picked at my miso ramen, hiding a reluctantly amused snort when Naruto introduced me as
“The bastard, don’t be fooled by the fact that he’s wearing a dress.” The yukata was still a bit
too thin for comfort but the ramen was warm and we were sat close enough together that I
could leech some of the heat radiating off Naruto. I’d noticed that he ran hot in the few spars
back at the academy when we were matched up, but most people did when they were sweaty
from training so I hadn’t thought much of it. I suspected now that he was just generally
warm, and it was a struggle not to be too obvious about the fact that I was contemplating his
worth as a hot water bottle.

Probably best not. Other than spars and the odd incidental touch - Kakashi had developed a
truly annoying habit of ruffling my hair, which, given that he’d only been our sensei for a
fortnight, did not bode well for the future - I don’t think I’d had any human contact since…

Huh. Since Tsukuyomi, when adult-me had held Sasuke-me and been stabbed a lot by Itachi.
That was depressing. Had no one given me a hug when my entire clan died? I don’t think
they did.

Jeez, canon-Sasuke. Your basket-case-ness was getting more understandable by the second.

“On the house!” Teuchi said when I tried to pay. “Celebration gift for graduating, all three of
you!” He beamed, and Naruto grinned back, wide and relaxed and genuinely happy.

“You’re the best, old man!” he shouted as Sakura and I said our much politer thanks.

“Hey, we should do this again, right?” he said, arms crossed behind his head. “Team Seven
tradition, ramen at the ramen stand!”

“It was nice,” Sakura agreed. “Maybe not after every mission, but we should definitely have
team dinners more. Oh, or mochi!” She turned to me and blinked hopefully. “You like sweet
things, right Sasuke-kun?”

“Hn,” I agreed, too full and too sleepy to care if she knew that because she was a stalker or if
I’d ever actually said it. I could forsee an awkward you-hang-up-no-you-hang-up-first kind of
situation as both of them dithered about ending the evening, so I waved goodbye and turned
to go. “See you in the morning.”

“Oh, Sasuke-kun, I could walk home with -”

“I live the other way,” I called over my shoulder. Whichever way Sakura lived, the Uchiha
compound was far enough removed that it would be the wrong way. I buried my hands in my
sleeves for warmth and let my mind drift for all of a minute before I heard hurried footsteps
catching me up.

“Seriously, Haruno,” I started, then stopped when I saw it was Naruto behind me. I turned
towards him, but he just fidgeted instead of saying anything. “Um. Uzumaki?”

His expression firmed in determination. “Here,” he said, thrusting a small container at me.
“It’s from Ayame-chan. For - for being a team.” I took it, mildly confused. Why hadn’t she
given it to us in the restaurant? Also, it was way too light to be ramen. It looked like a
  segment of a bento box. “And,” Naruto continued, “You should call me Naruto. I don’t
  mind.”

  Oh, hell no. We were not bonding. I tried to give the box back. “Uzumaki -”

  “Did you mean it?” he asked, completely ignoring me. “About old lady Emiyo?”

  I paused. I mean, come on. What was I supposed to say to that? No, I think she was right to
  treat you like less than dirt? I wasn’t a great person but I wasn’t actual garbage. “She was
  being rude,” I settled for saying, and hoped it was sufficiently noncommittal.

  “You’re one to talk,” he said, but he sounded pleased. Feck. I scowled, attempting to regain
  my aloofness and distance.

  “I’m not calling you Naruto.”

  “You did before! It’s not hard. Say it with me, Na-ru-to.”

  “You’re a pest and a menace and I regret being on a team with you.”

  “Aw, it’s ok Hime-chan. Some words are hard. Just keep trying, you’ll get there eventually.”

  “No.”



  The box, which Naruto had successfully distracted me from giving back to him, damnit,
  ended up containing a trio of red bean mochi balls. They were coloured pink, and I was right;
  they were in a bento box segment. I’m pretty sure it was Ayame’s, and I had no idea how to
  react to the fact that Naruto had asked if they had anything sweet just because Sakura said I
  liked sweet things.

  Or to the fact that it was apparently important enough that Ayame had given her own dinner
  to Naruto to pass on to me. Maybe she was just a pushover. She probably made spares.
  Someone else gave her mochi and she didn’t like it but was too polite to say so now she was
  relieved to be able to regift it to me. Exactly.

  “I am trying really hard not to make you sad when I leave, idiot,” I muttered, pulling out one
  of the sweets. “Some help would be appreciated.”



Chapter End Notes



    Kakashi: So I adopted a pomeranian and he's all growley and bitey, what do
    Pakkun: Did you pat him on the head and tell him he was a good boy?
    Kakashi: Yes but it didn't work ;_;
Pakkun: Did you feed him?
Kakashi: OH
                                       Chapter 6: First arc: VI
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Training the next morning was… interesting. I was distracted to begin with, the problem of
   the mochi weighing on my mind. The issue was that I knew how I’d react to a gift in my
   previous life, and I knew that there were important social rules for how to react to a gift in
   Konoha, but I didn’t know what they were.

   I was seven when my Sasuke-mum died. Seven. I’d never had to deal with being given things
   like this, and though I’d seen her both receiving things and giving things back in return, no
   one had ever taught me the guidelines. Who would? It wasn’t ninjaing, the academy didn’t
   care. I didn’t care, except apparently for how I did and had spent most of the night stressing
   about it. I think the value of the gift was important, but the mochi were clearly home made,
   so did I have to make something in return? I couldn’t make mochi! Mochi took ages to make!

   “Why,” I asked Plushie-tan around a mouthful of rice porridge, “do I have so many scrolls of
   sodding haikus and not a single one of useful life skills? Why did I decide to be such an
   antisocial prick and not have anyone I could ask about these things? I bet Iruka told Naruto. I
   bet Naruto knows everything he needs to know about people, that’s probably why everyone
   loves him after the time skip while I end up stravaging around the landscape as the half
   dressed brooding loner.” I upended my bowl and left it in the sink, too stressed to wash it,
   then ended up washing it anyway because ergh and progressed to staring in panic at the
   empty mochi box from last night.

   “I shouldn’t have eaten them,” I muttered. “They were probably cursed. We’re ninja, I
   should’ve checked for poison, do I have to give the box back? I don’t want the box. It doesn’t
   match my bentos. What does it mean if I give the box back, is that good? Is that rude? Do I
   give it to Naruto or Ayame?” I hovered over it, then made a snap decision and shoved it in a
   drawer.

   “Naruto won’t notice. He probably doesn’t care. It’ll be awkward to give him the box.”

   Halfway out the door I kicked off my shoes and retrieved the damn box. “It’s Ayame’s box,
   the mochi were pink and homemade - what if they were for a special event and I just ate them
   like an uncultured swine? Who just gives people things without warning? Rude people that’s
   who, unthinking assholes who read way too much into people getting pissy at sushi ladies.
   Maybe I didn’t even want mochi, did he think of that?”

   By the time I actually made it to the bridge by the training grounds I’d talked myself in so
   many circles that I turned to Sakura in desperation as the only socially competent person on
   the team.

   “Haruno, what the hell do I do with this,” I said, completely interrupting her greeting as I
   shoved the box at her. It sat innocently on my palm, a perfectly normal white box, and she
   looked at it like it was a trap.
Because she’s smart. Because ninja giving people boxes is dangerous. Why wasn’t I more
like her. Why hadn’t I blown it up with a fireball and avoided this whole mess.

“Um, Sasuke-kun?” she asked. We were early enough that Naruto wasn’t here yet, and it
would be several hours before Kakashi arrived. She didn’t have backup, so she ploughed on
with her question. “What, um, what is it?”

“It’s Ayame’s box,” I said, giving it a little shake. How many times can you say box before it
sounds ridiculous. Trick question; it sounds ridiculous to start with. Box. “She gave me
mochi, and I ate it, and now I don’t know what to give her back.”

“She gave you mochi,” Sakura repeated dangerously, her hands clenching into fists and a
vein appearing in her forehead that usually only Naruto could bring out. I guess that
answered my question of whether Naruto had given sweets to both of us or just me, but now
that my self-preservation instincts were waking up I realised I could have been more subtle in
finding out.

“I didn’t ask her to,” I defended, taking a step back and curling a hand over the box to shield
it.

“But you’re going to give her a gift in return?”

“I don’t want to be rude!”

Sakura took a step towards me. My death became suddenly more imminent, and I regretted.
Nothing in particular, just. Regret. “Since when,” she said, voice perfectly calm in a way that
leaked killing intent, “do you care about being rude?”

“She gave me mochi! And ramen! And she’s important to Naruto so I -”

“Naruto?”

“Sakura-chan!” Naruto greeted, bouncing onto the scene with impeccable timing. I shoved
the box in my pocket and tried not to look guilty. “Hey, what’s going on, bastard? What did
you do?”

“We’re sparring,” Sakura said, cutting across my attempts to deny everything and distance
myself from the current situation. “You and me, Naruto. No holds barred.” She cracked her
knuckles and I barely resisted flinching.

“Wait, really?” Naruto asked. “You were serious about that? Hell yeah, it’ll be the best spar
ever, believe it!”

The boy had the situational awareness of a dead lemming.

“Shannaro!”

“Sakura-chan, wait -!”
I took a prudent couple of steps away from the beat-down that was happening and, for want
of anything better to do, bent over backwards in a handstand. They looked busy, I didn’t want
to interrupt, flexibility training wasn’t going to do itself.

A tree shattered somewhere across the training field, and four dozen Narutos yelled a war-cry
in retaliation. I carefully balanced on one finger and started lining up shuriken to fire at the
other side of the bridge.

The morning could have gone better, I reflected, but what was important was that no one died
and we didn’t dwell on our mistakes.



“So,” Sakura said once everything had calmed down and she’d worked off her rage by
beating multiple copies of Naruto to a pulp. “Which one of you is going to tell me what
happened last night?”

Naruto, to his credit, didn’t stay pulpified for long. The parts of their spar that I’d actually
watched were impressive; Sakura used the academy basic with perfect precision and,
sporadically, brutal force, but she was slow to react and she tired easily. Naruto on the other
hand was sloppy and ineffective in his individual moves, but made up for it by being
relentless and surprisingly tricky - even underhanded, which for a ninja was definitely
positive. Not to mention his clones, of course, though when she hit them right Sakura could
take out three of them in a single blow.

I hadn’t seen them spar much in the academy, but if I had to guess I’d say Sakura would win
there, but barely. Out here with a much longer spar and no structure or restrictions, I think
Naruto came out on top. Maybe if he hadn’t had his healing factor it would’ve been different
- I’m pretty sure Sakura got the real him with a punch to the nose that should’ve broken it -
but given that he did have it… Yeah, he was going to be a bitch to fight if he ever sorted out
his taijutsu.

As for me, I’d managed to redirect three moving blades midair to different targets with one
curving shuriken throw, all while halfway through a twisting backflip off the bridge post. I
might not have Sakura’s strength or Naruto’s chakra, and I was pretty sure I didn't have
canon-Sasuke’s control when it came to fire jutsu, but I wasn’t exactly a slouch in the
acrobatics and pointy things department.

“Why?” Naruto asked, tilting his head in confusion. “What happened last night?”

He turned to me for clarification, but I wrinkled my nose and stayed silent. I wasn’t… exactly
sure what had pissed Sakura off?

Sakura huffed when neither of us provided answers. “You,” she said, gesturing roughly at
Naruto, “tried to set Sasuke-kun up with your sister. And you,” a much more polite palm-first
gesture at me, “were calling Naruto by his first name. Explain.”

Ah, shit. I did? Naruto perked up instantly. “He did?”
“He told me to,” I defended, shifting blame like the champ I was. The first part of her
statement registered, and I made a face. “Also, no one’s setting me up with anyone. I’m a
strong independent ninja-person and I don’t need no man. Woman.”

Naruto's expression shifted to what I can only describe as a baffled squint. “Wait. Who’s
setting you up with their sister?”

“No one.”

“You are!” Sakura accused. “You’re taking advantage of Sasuke-kun’s weakness by bribing
him with food. You know he’s not rational when he’s hungry!”

“Hey now,” I objected, because that was totally not true.

“I’m not! I don’t even have a sister, and if I did she could do better than the bastard!”

“Ouch,” I muttered.

Sakura steepled her fingers together and glared at Naruto over them. I seemed to have been
forgotten, which, given that the conversation seemed to be a competition of who could insult
me most with offhand comments, was more than a bit unfair. “Just to be clear,” she said,
“Ayame-san is not your sister, she didn’t give Sasuke-kun mochi, and you aren’t helping her
steal his virtue?”

“Oh my god Haruno, why.”

“Ayame-neechan’s not my sister,” Naruto confirmed. “I don’t have any sisters, even though if
I did she would totally be the best sister because she’s pretty and kind and makes ramen,
believe it. And she gave me mochi to give to the bastard, but only because I asked her to, and
I don’t get how a virtue can be stolen but she wouldn’t do that because she’s nice.”

“Oh.” Sakura deflated, shoulders drooping. “What kind of mochi was it?”

“Uh… pink?” Naruto hazarded. That didn’t seem to be the answer Sakura wanted.

“Strawberry?” she guessed.

“Red bean,” I said. They both nodded, which meant they’d remembered I was actually here,
which was nice. What was not nice was how Sakura was way too down. Her moods changed
fast at the best of times, but even by her standards this felt like an overreaction. “Would
strawberry mean something?”

She glanced over at me and hummed instead of answering. “And you… You call him Naruto
now? And you call Kakashi-sensei Kakashi. That’s… That’s good. Um.”

I frowned. I hadn’t even noticed that I’d called Kakashi his first name. It was too ingrained
from knowing him as a character, and I hadn’t spent enough time with him as a person to
separate the two. A bit like how my mum was my mum instead of Mikoto, but Fugaku was
Fugaku because he hadn’t featured in my Sasuke-memories as much more than a vaguely
disapproving authority figure.
But that wasn’t really something I could say, so I went for a different explanation. “He’s
Sharingan no Kakashi. It’s how everyone knows him, it’s what he’s famous as.”

“Sensei’s famous?” Naruto asked, but I waved him off. Sakura was being weird, and I wanted
to know why.

“Oh,” she said again, and shrunk in on herself further. “It makes sense. You’re going to be
really strong, so it’s good they gave you a good sensei.” She looked between me and Naruto
miserably, and it clicked.

Hadn’t that been a big thing in the story, that Naruto and Sasuke had their epic friendship
rivalry and kept getting stronger and Sakura got left behind? I chewed my lip as I tried to
work out if we were doing that. I didn’t think we were? Maybe she was just being insecure.
Why was she being insecure. Should I leave her to it? She got over it before, didn’t she?
Should I say something?

She pulled herself together enough to give us both a frail and clearly fake smile.

“Us,” I said, scowling. “Gave us a good sensei. And being famous doesn’t make him a good
teacher, he’s still a dick.” I waited for her to call me out on my rudeness, but she just nodded
distractedly. I made a frustrated sound and leaned forward to catch her attention. “You’re the
team leader,” I said, perhaps more harshly than I meant to. “If we’re going to be strong then
you are too. All three of us.” I turned my scowl on Naruto as well, because this was
important, and waiting for character development to happen naturally was boring and
annoying and took too long. “Because we’re a team.”

“Yeah, believe it!” he cheered on cue, leaping forward and grabbing both me and Sakura in
one-armed strangled holds. I pitched forwards with a startled hrrk, shoulders rising
instinctively as I squashed the urge to stab him and roll out of danger. “We’re going to be the
best team ever and Sakura-chan’s going to be the best team captain and we’ll all be famous
like sensei and it’ll be the best!”

“You mean it?” Sakura said, eyes as wide and startled as I felt. I was glad I wasn’t the only
one to react badly to hugs. Was this a hug? It still felt like an assault. Sakura was doing better
than me at not flinching though, so maybe the surprise was for show and she actually felt no
fear.

“What he said,” I choked out, prying Naruto’s arm off me and sitting back. “Haruno -”

“Sakura,” she interrupted. She nodded, chin rising stubbornly. “If we’re a team, then you
should call me Sakura, Sasuke-kun.”

Ugh. Seriously? Now I wouldn’t be able to pass off using Naruto's name as a one off, I’d
have to be friendly to both of them.

Actually, no. It was just a name. I could still be as much of an asshole as I liked, just an
asshole on first name terms with them. I could live with that. “Sakura,” I conceded, then
hurried to add before she and her fantasies could get any ideas, “but only because you’re my
teammate.”
She still blushed. Damnit.



The team dynamic felt odd for the rest of the day. Not bad odd, in fact probably good odd,
just… confusing odd. Both Sakura and Naruto stuck way too close, finding apparently
unending delight in the way I had to use their first names every time I spoke to them. Even
when I snapped at them and took physical steps back to put some space between us they
followed me, and it was like my glares had suddenly lost all effectiveness.

I didn’t like it.

Worse, their good mood was infectious, and Kakashi was in fine form because of it.

“I’m not a puppy,” I ground out, scowling up at him and picturing, vividly, what exactly I
would do with the three shuriken in my fist if he turned his back on me for just a second.

“Well you’re a bit short to be a full dog just yet, Sasuke-kun,” he chirped. “Keep eating your
vegetables though and you’ll soon grow up big and strong!”

“It’s ok, bastard! Me an’ Sakura-chan will keep you safe even if you stay shrimpy forever.”

I transferred the scowl to Naruto. “Keep me safe?” I hissed dangerously. “I don’t need you to
keep me safe. And I’m not shrimpy!”

“But Sasuke-kun,” Sakura protested, practically skipping in place as she turned back to us.
“We’re a team, and teams look out for each other!”

She was too far away to reach so I swiped a foot out at Naruto instead and sent him tumbling
backwards into a tree. He deserved it, I reasoned, and relished his surprised squawk. He’d
nodded, he knew what he was letting himself in for.

He also disappeared in a puff of bunshin smoke and a replacement dropped out the branches
to grin at me. “Fuck’s sake, how many of you are there?”

“The Naruto clone army is unending and unstoppable, believe it!”

I dispatched that one with a kunai between the eyes. It died, still grinning, and the next one
skipped forward to ask Sakura as team leader if we could stop for snacks soon, Sasuke-
bastard was getting cranky.

My eye twitched and I barely stifled a growl. No wait, why stifle. Repression is bad for the
soul. Let the growl out, feel your anger be released into the void.

“There there, Sasuke-kun,” Kakashi said, patting me on the head. I aimed my fistfull of
shuriken at his crotch and smirked in satisfaction at the shunshin-leaves he left floating gently
downwards in his wake.

“Alright, team!” he announced, reappearing on the path in front of us. “Today’s mission is a
rescue mission. You need to find the daimyo’s wife’s little Tora-chan and deliver her safe and
sound back to her loving family.” He tossed a d-rank scroll at Sakura and waved us a lazy
salute. “Remember, Tora-chan’s safety is paramount. Bye!”

“A rescue mission!” Naruto enthused, hopping in place as he waited impatiently for Sakura
to read the scroll. “Hey bastard, you hear that? They’ve finally recognised how great Team
Seven is, the daimyo must’ve personally requested us!”

“It’s still a d-rank,” I pointed out. “She probably left Tora at the playground and needs
someone to pick her up.”

“It says here she’s lost somewhere in the woods behind the palace,” Sakura said, scrunching
her nose in concentration as she read. “Um, but I think… Tora-chan’s a pet?”

“A pet?” Naruto asked. “The daimyo’s wife has a pet tiger? That’s amazing.”

“Oh,” I said, remembering. “It’s a cat. That makes sense.”

Naruto wobbled on the edge of deflating, then settled in to inspirational pose number two
with his hand pointing decisively forward. “Then we’ll do the best cat rescue Konoha’s ever
seen! No creature is too small for the heroes of Fire Country, the great Team Seven! No one
gets overlooked or left behind and that includes the cats, believe it!”

“Do you actually have to say believe it after everything you say, or do you choose to do it on
purpose?”

“It’ll be a great training exercise,” Sakura said, completely ignoring me. Rude. “We can fan
out and keep in touch and use the search patterns they taught us in the academy, and if we
practice our stealth as well we’ll find her in no time.”

“The quietest ninjas ever, believe it!”

They high fived, and I was left to appreciate the absurdity of the situation by myself for all of
three seconds before they both turned to me with their hands up expectantly.

“I’m not high fiving you.”

“We’re a team, Sasuke-kun!”

And because it’s my narrative and I can, I’m going to cut scene here, and leave you believing
that I did not, in fact, high five them.



Psych, you read that and thought I did. I actually didn’t. They got me with a fist bump
instead.



Tora, it turned out, was easy to find. We’d split to cover a grid pattern, each of us with a small
walkie-talkie radio that Kakashi had apparently given Sakura this morning, and I found Tora
by virtue of walking quietly and keeping my eyes open.

I felt vaguely cheated.

“I thought you were meant to be a demon cat and really good at hiding,” I grumped, looking
up in the branches of the tree with an eyebrow raised. Tora startled, clearly only just now
noticing me - at least one of Team Seven can actually achieve peak sneakiness, and it’s not
Sakura or Naruto - and flattened herself against the branch, fur standing on end and tail
lashing furiously behind her.

I rolled my eyes and flopped down to sit between the roots.

“You’re not stuck,” I told her. “This tree is easy climbing. I’m not coming to get you.” Then,
to complete the picture of nonchalance and calm, I leaned my head back against the bark and
closed my eyes.

I didn’t stop watching her, of course. I stretched out with the same sense I used to find
replacement objects for kawarimi, hovering just close enough to her that I’d feel it if she tried
to run. It wasn’t a chakra sense, I don’t think; it worked on chairs, logs, Kakashi’s Icha Icha -
it was just like reaching out with my fingers and grabbing something, except instead of
fingers I used chakra, and instead of grabbing I yanked something towards me and switched
places with it. All I was doing now was… not yanking.

I didn’t say it was a very useful sense. Kawarimi was an e-rank jutsu, basic enough to be
taught before we’d even been properly introduced to our chakra; I didn’t expect any
bastardisation of the technique to be much use in the wider world. It was what I had though -
kawarimi, illusion bunshin, henge. Immolation jutsu, inexpertly modified into a keep-warm
jutsu with a small chance of burning side-effects. Grand fireball, given enough time, enough
arm protection, and a lot of vaseline to salvage the damage it did to my lips.

Listed out like that it was a bit pants, to be honest with you. Kakashi would teach Team
Seven tree walking and water walking, and, if the chunin exams went the same way, he’d
teach me an A-rank assassination technique. I’d already tried looking for scrolls left around
the clan compound and come up with a whole load of metaphors for how the changing
seasons represented people getting older and dying, but very little that I could use in the way
of actual ninjutsu. If there was a Konoha central library full of instructions then I didn’t know
about it, and the only other source I could think of was the forbidden scroll Naruto’d stolen
from the Hokage.

I was trying to get stronger to keep myself alive and eyeballed, not commit suicide by chakra
exhaustion. Or death god sacrifice. Or whatever other stupidly reckless techniques the scroll
contained.

How did canon-Sasuke do it? Was I missing something he’d found? Was he also pants until
he’d unlocked his sharingan? I didn’t like the idea of relying on it. Best case scenario, I got
the fancy eyes, used the fancy eyes with no bad side effects, and managed to keep them secret
from the entire world for evermore. Or at least until I met up with Itachi. Worst case scenario,
they drove me mad, everyone knew I had them and tried to take them from me, and by using
them as a crutch I destroyed my ability to fight or learn new things without them.
Or died. I should probably put died in the worst case scenario list.

My mouth twisted, tugging the lip I was chewing out from between my teeth. From one
perspective, it’d be better for the story if I died and took my eyes with me than let them fall
in the wrong hands. That was a depressing thought though, so I resolved not to think it. If I
died I’d be dead. If that happened then the rest of the story could go fuck itself because I
wouldn’t be there to care.

“Oh, hush,” I muttered to Tora. She’d crept closer once it was clear I wasn’t going to leap on
her, and was now perched on the branch just above me. I tipped my head back and opened
my eyes in a slow blink so I could better pout at her. “I’m not a bad person. I just have
priorities. You’d do exactly the same thing if you were in my situation.”

“Mrrr,” Tora disagreed, and stepped down on my shoulder with all the elegance of a noble
princess. A rather fat and fluffy noble princess with a tail that ended up directly up my nose,
but still. Elegant.

“Yeah yeah, laugh it up. This is why I replaced the quasi-antagonist in the story and not the
hero.” She butted my hand imperiously until I started petting her, scritching behind her ears
and ignoring the claws she was kneading into my leg. I shifted to give her a better lap for
sitting on and, subtly, to reposition her away from certain areas.

Just because I didn’t like the penis didn’t mean I wanted it stepped on, ok.

“God, can you imagine if I had been the hero? Canon-Sasuke and Sakura and me as Naruto?
The world would be doomed. Hell, canon-Sasuke and Naruto and me as Sakura, that
wouldn’t be any better.” I pulled a face at the thought. I just… wasn’t hero material. My job
as Sasuke was to stay out the way and let Naruto and Sakura be awesome, and I was fine with
that. The world would be easier if they were fine with that too, but they were being confusing
and clingy and I didn’t know how to make them stop.

“At least you’re straightforward,” I said to the now purring puddle of fur in my lap. “You just
want me because I’m comfy, right?”

“Bastard!” Naruto yelled, appearing out the trees with a sudden flail of orange and sending
me leaping for the canopy. “Sakura-chan, I found him!” He vanished in a puff of smoke,
leaving me crouched on a branch that was technically too thin to support my weight, one
hand cradled protectively around Tora and the other bristling with sharp things in a defensive
formation.

“What the fuck,” I mumbled, straining with my senses to see if there were any more of him.
Where the hell had he come from? I thought he wasn’t sneaky. I mean, yes, pranks, but
seriously? How distracted was I?

Tora’s sharp yowl of protest brought me back to the present, and I adjusted my grip to be less
restrictive for her. “Sorry. It’s ok, he won’t hurt you. He just startled me.” She wriggled out of
my arms and stood on my shoulders, claws digging painfully into my collar. Apparently it
gave her a better position to arch her back and hiss from. “I know,” I commiserated. “He’s
always that loud. Sometimes I wonder if he has hearing problems.”
Scrambled footsteps heralded their approach again. Nothing so crass as snapping twigs - we
had been brought up in the trees - but neither of them were making any attempt to be subtle,
and I shifted to a sturdier branch so Tora would feel safer. Her claws were a few very short
inches away from my jugular, it seemed sensible. She crouched, digging in tighter to my
shoulders, and mrowled a warning directly in my ear.

“Sasuke-kun!” Sakura called, skidding to a halt at the base of the tree. “What happened,
where were you? Are you ok?”

“I’m fine,” I said, keeping my voice calm and level. “Why, what’s wrong?”

“What’s wrong?” Naruto echoed. “You disappeared! Off the comms! We couldn’t find Tora-
chan and then we couldn’t find you, we thought you’d been eaten by tigers!”

I blinked, then fished in my pocket for the walkie talkie. It was flashing red at me. Tora spat
at it and tried to bat it out my hand until I held it out of her reach. “Sorry,” I said, “I think I
had it on mute.” I pressed the button on its side with my thumb and it crackled to static life,
cutting off again into silence as soon as I stopped pressing.

Oops. I’d thought it was like a phone.

Sakura made a wordless sound of frustration below me while Naruto flapped and tried to
calm her down. “It’s fine, Sakura-chan, he’s all fine. He’s even got Tora-chan! Mission
success!”

“You!” Sakura shouted in response, glaring up at me. “How am I supposed to team captain
you to fame if you aren’t where you’re meant to be? We’re going to the Hokage. Bring the
cat!”

She whirled in a storm of pink and started stomping off in the direction of the tower. I blinked
after her, thrown for a complete loop. Wasn’t she meant to be… giggly? What?

“C’mon, bastard!” Naruto chivvied when I didn’t come down fast enough. “Kakashi-sensei’s
not here so Sakura-chan’s responsible. You have to do what she says! I mean, she’s team
leader, you always have to do what she says. But now you have to doubly do what she says.
How did you catch Tora-chan, anyway? Did you use the plan Sakura-chan made?”

“Not really.” I dropped smoothly to the floor with a hand up to steady my passenger. She
nipped my finger in protest and walked down my chest until I had to carry her properly or
drop her - and the shirt she wasn’t letting go of - on the floor. “I just waited under her tree
until she sat on me. Also, what do you mean Kakashi’s not here? He’s been watching us from
the village.”

“How would he watch us from the village? There’s forest in the way, he can’t see us.”

I… didn’t actually have an answer for that. Huh. Maybe Sakura was right and she had been
left as the one responsible. That seemed… negligent? Nah, Kakashi was probably just
watching us via jutsu instead. He was tricky like that, who knew what nefarious ways he had
to spy on people.
“Boys!” Sakura demanded sharply, and I resettled Tora in my arms and trotted alongside
Naruto to catch up.

                                               ___

Interlude: Kakashi and the Sandaime: the return of the nosy bastards.

“And how is Team Seven getting on, Kakashi?”

“All still alive last I checked, but they’re meant to be hunting Tora this afternoon so who can
really say.”

“Hm. I’m told they went out for a team dinner last night. I’m glad they’re settling into a
cohesive unit. I even hear that young Sasuke dressed up for the occasion, and was quite
vehement in his defence of Naruto. Though it is a shame; I rather liked Emiyo-san’s sushi.”

…

“How nice it would be, Kakashi, to get reports on my newest genin from their senseis instead
of from second hand village gossip. Truly a novel experience in my old age.”

“Hm? Oh, Sasuke’s doing alright. He’s fine.”

“Kakashi.”

“He understands the theory of teamwork better than I was expecting him to. The application
could do with some improvement though. A lot. Anything, really.”

“Hm. And Naruto and Sakura, how are they taking it?”

“They… At the moment, they’re unwilling to leave him out, but by constantly working on his
own he’s establishing patterns of behaviour that will be difficult for them to break in the
future.”

“I see. Well, that’ll have to change, won’t it? It would hardly be fair to them to be left on an
unbalanced team.”

“Hai, Hokage-sama.”

“Change a bit faster, perhaps, than being left to discover it on their own.”

“... Hai, Hokage-sama.”

“Oh, and if you’d submit the written reports next time then we can avoid this whole
rigmarole, hm? Think how much easier that would make my life.”

“But think how much harder it would make mine.”

“Kakashi.”
Chapter End Notes



    I'm in two minds about the Sandaime. Do we like the Sandaime? I'm not sure. Plus
    points for a cool hat and having ramen with Naruto that one time. Minus points for
    politics and that godawful jumpsuit. Hmm.
                                       Chapter 7: First arc: VII
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   “So!” Kakashi said, sitting cross legged on the floor. “Lesson time. Sit yourselves down, my
   darling munchkins, old Sensei’s got a jutsu for you.”

   As a unit, we froze, staring at him suspiciously. He looked like Kakashi, and he’d even shown
   up the usual three hours late to the bridge that morning, but he hadn’t dodged all
   responsibility and dumped us on a d-rank while he sat up a tree reading porn. It didn’t add up.

   He patted the wooden boards of the bridge invitingly. We traded unsure glances; Sakura
   flared her chakra in a subtle kai and Naruto sniffed the air. Me, I poked gingerly at the pocket
   I knew he kept Icha Icha in with my kawarimi-sense, and waited for him to shield it
   protectively from my reach.

   “No genjutsu,” Sakura confirmed in a low voice.

   “Smells like dog,” Naruto said.

   I nodded to add my agreement and we cautiously sat down. Sakura, as ever, took point.
   “What kind of jutsu, sensei?”

   “So suspicious,” he complained. “And here I was going to let you choose! But choose wisely,
   murderlings: you get one jutsu, and only one jutsu.” The sky behind him darkened ominously,
   clouds rumbling in overhead as his voice got impossibly deeper. I shivered in response, and
   Sakura performed another surreptitious kai to try to dispel them.

   It didn't work, of course, but it was still comforting to realise that they weren't real.

   He clapped his hands suddenly, dispelling the clouds and making all of us jump. “And that’s
   it! Just tell me what you want and if you’re convincing, your beloved sensei will provide!”

   There was a long and heavy pause. None of us said anything. I half expected Naruto to ask
   for a really cool jutsu, but he was following mine and Sakura’s lead and waiting for the trap.

   “Maa.” Kakashi slumped, shoulders drooping comically low. “So uncute. But if you don’t
   want the jutsu…”

   “We want it,” Sakura said, leaning forward. “We’re just… trying to look underneath the
   underneath, Sensei. Like you taught us.” She batted her eyes at him and smiled winningly,
   and I barely resisted snorting. But still, she had a good point. Even when he’d taught Team
   Seven things in canon, he hadn’t let them choose, so what would Kakashi ‘those who
   abandon their team are less than trash’ Hatake be looking for us to pick? And what would he
   do if we asked for the wrong thing?
I didn’t know the answer to that last one, but for the first: “We need a jutsu that benefits the
team, not just us as individuals.” I tried to think back over the d-ranks we’d done recently.
Was there anywhere in particular our team work had failed that he was trying to put right?
Naruto’s clones sometimes got underfoot and I’d forgotten how the walkie talkie worked
when we were finding Tora, but other than that I couldn’t think of anything.

“So… where none of us can do something, one of us needs to learn to fill in the gap?” Naruto
guessed. “Like how you need both shuriken and kunai, because they do different things?”

“And senbon,” Sakura agreed, warming to the topic. “And if you only have one you can kind
of cope, but it’s better to learn how to use all three.”

Excuse you, there’s nothing shuriken can’t do if you try hard enough. Pointy, can be stabbed,
can be thrown, can be poison coated - what more do you need from life?

In typical Kakashi fashion, Kakashi hummed and pulled out his book. “Let me know when
you’ve chosen one,” he said, and flicked it open to a well worn crease in the middle.

“Ofsted would totally fail you,” I muttered, glaring at the orange book. I had nothing against
porn, and given how popular the books were I doubted that it was even particularly bad porn,
but what if Sakura got curious enough to steal it? She was already a scary fangirl person.
Giving her inspiration was just asking for trouble.

“What was that, bastard?” Naruto asked, and I refocussed on the conversation.

“I was just thinking we should… work out what each of us are good at, so we know what
areas we’re missing?”

“Yeah! I’m good at clones and henge. Sakura-chan, your turn!”

“Um, I’m good at. Um. Books and exams?”

How long does it take a twelve year old girl to stop being insecure about herself and start
believing in her abilities. Hadn’t we covered this? Didn’t we keep covering this? This is why
Kishimoto had a timeskip, so no one had to actually watch the painful process of Team Seven
growing up.

“I’m good at throwing things and being bendy,” I said. “Great. Glad that’s all sorted.”

“Ah, Sasuke-kun, you’re also the best in the year at taijutsu,” Sakura protested. “And you got
Sensei with kawarimi in the bell test!”

“An’ you’re a sneaky bastard, bastard,” Naruto added, nodding sagely. “And Sakura-chan,
you’re really strong and you’re a good leader and good at strategy.”

Well, if we were complimenting each other. “You have good chakra control,” I said, tilting
my head towards Sakura. “Naruto, your chakra control is abysmal, but you have loads of it.
You also have a healing factor, at least for minor wounds.” Major wounds as well, but there
was no way I could know that, so I kept quiet about it.
Naruto preened under the praise, and though Sakura hid it better I could tell she was pleased
as well. It was… sad. Did no one tell them they were good at things? Kakashi, look at your
students. You’re their teacher, why aren’t you doing something about this?

Oh wait, he was. He was outsourcing it to me. Dickhead.

“And Naruto has those kunai he made when trapped sensei,” Sakura said, warming to the
topic. She tilted her head curiously. “What were they? We weren’t taught that in the
academy.”

“The kunai? Oh! They were clones with henge on top, believe it!”

I frowned. I hadn’t seen the trap - I’d been under a genjutsu at the time - and I knew Naruto
had a reputation for henge and sexy no jutsu, but henge just didn’t work like that. “It can’t
have been. They were solid. Henge is an illusion.”

Naruto squinted at me. “What? No it’s not. Henge is a transformation, see?” He held his
hands in the familiar ram seal, and with a puff of smoke I was looking at a perfect copy of
myself. “See, bastard?” the Naruto-me said, in, minus the inflection, my exact voice.

Actually, that set warning bells ringing. Henge can copy sounds as well as looks, but it should
copy them. If Naruto’d never heard me speak in that specific tone then he shouldn’t be able to
mimic it - unless he… had… my vocal chords?

My mind boggled.

“That’s not real,” I said, scooting closer to poke him in the chest. He felt real. I grabbed the
collar of his shirt, looking for the stitches I’d put in by hand when I cut out the front part and
sewed down the raw edge. They were there, exactly as they should be, and when I pulled my
own shirt forwards to compare them they were exactly the same.

“What the hell? How did you know how many stitches I had?”

“Huh? What do you mean how many stitches?” Naruto asked, pushing me into a better
position so he could look. “Hey hey, how come you're so much better at sewing than me,
bastard?”

“Natural talent,” I said dryly, and moved on to tugging his hair. It felt like mine. It was mine.
What the hell. A close enough mimic to fool someone during a cursory inspection was one
thing, but he had the exact same uneven-ness from where I couldn’t see round the back to
trim it properly. Either he was a grade-A stalker and I hadn’t noticed or he was somehow
filling in details with his henge without having to consciously consider them. If he could
henge my voice box and my clothes, then could he henge into someone stronger and get their
strength?

Though, speaking of grade-A stalker, Sakura had been suspiciously quiet. I glanced over at
her curiously. She was flushed bright red, staring at the two of us with wide, slightly glazed
eyes.
“Oh fuck me, I forgot the pervert.” I pushed Naruto away and tried desperately to ignore how
my cheeks burned.

“Forgot the what?” Naruto asked, blinking, then whirled on Kakashi with a righteous fury
that looked hilariously out of place on my face. “Sensei, stop perving on Sasuke! I didn’t
even use sexy no jutsu!”

I choked. Sakura choked. Kakashi turned a page and said, mild as butter, “Maa, did you say
something Naruto?”

“Just change back,” I said, dropping my head in my hands. Why me. Why? I was a good
person. I had aspirations to advance the plot in a world saving direction at some point. I
didn’t deserve anything that happened to me. I lifted my head again to watch though as
Naruto obligingly de-henged himself, and now that I knew what to look for I could genuinely
see his weight shifting and the grass moving ever so slightly to accommodate his bigger feet.

That jutsu was insanely overpowered. At the risk of sounding repetitive, what. The hell.

“So wait, if you henge into a kunai do you actually turn into a kunai? Can you still see? Can
you still think? How do you know when to change back?”

He scratched his cheek. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “I just… do? Like, not see see, but I can
still… see? I’ve only turned my clones into kunai though. I don’t know what would happen if
I turned me into a kunai. Should I try it?”

Sakura was still drooling, so I stepped up as the voice of reason and shook my head. “Not
unless we know it’s going to work. Maybe your clones can work without a brain because
they’re an extension of you, but if you turn your original self into something inanimate you
might not be able to turn back.”

When I got my sharingan though, I was totally seeing if Naruto could copy it. Basic survival
theory; the more potential targets, the better chance each individual one had of making it out
alive. If Kakashi had already revealed his I’d get Naruto to test his possible bloodline-
copying abilities on him now, but again, future knowledge and needing to justify it. Boring as
it was, my life depended on it. Or at least my freedom.

“So,” I said, putting aside all the glorious potential of Naruto’s god-modded henge technique.
“That’s what we’ve got; what are we missing?”

Drool. Drool drool. That better not have been a fucking giggle, Sakura.

I waved a hand to catch her attention, fighting the urge to snap my fingers in front of her
eyes. Hands were useful things, I didn’t want to risk losing mine. She shook herself back to
the present with a squeak.

“Um. Um? Yes! Those are. Skills. That we have.”

Naruto and I exchanged glances. Mine conveyed this is why I’m going to abandon you both
and run away to my brother, but I’m not sure Naruto quite got the message because he just
made a vaguely apologetic grimace and shrugged.

The sound of Kakashi’s book snapping shut broke the silence. “Time’s up, my adorable
squirrel nutkins! What did you choose, hm?”

Adorable squirrel nutkins, Naruto mouthed, looking vaguely bewildered by it. I sympathised.
Elite jounin or not, Kakashi was weird.

No one answered him fast enough though, so in true teacher style he decided to pick on
someone for an answer. “Sasuke! What does Sakura need?”

“She’s suited for close combat,” I said, slowly, trying to work out how to say Tsunade and
medical chakra in a way that would make sense in context. “But being that close makes her
take damage, so… something to…” Could I just say it? Take a risk? Would Kakashi be
suspicious? Would he do anything if he was suspicious? Would my life be better if my sensei
wasn’t a ruthless killer who was loyal to a village I wanted to defect from? Life’s great
questions. “... Help her if she gets wounded?”

“Hm. And Naruto?”

Shit, I didn’t expect to be put on the spot. I couldn’t even remember Naruto’s main fighting
style - lots of clones, ever bigger and better rasengans, kyuubi? Therapy no jutsu?
“Something to make his clones more effective,” I went for. “Maybe a long distance attack
jutsu, because they get dispelled easily in taijutsu.”

“Ah. So you’ve put your teammates as the close range and long range fighters, but where are
you, Sasuke?”

Did this man never stop. My mind raced; why wasn’t he letting the others answer? Why only
me? Did he do this in canon? I couldn’t remember. I didn’t know. I fought to keep my
heartbeat steady, because he could probably hear that - hell, even without it he could probably
tell, and that was a problem because what reason, what earthly reason could I have for being
so twitchy under his attention unless I was guilty and trying to hide it? Did he know? Did the
hokage tell him that Itachi was innocent, and therefore he’d guessed that I was planning to
follow him? What was the right answer, what could he be looking for -

“Support,” I said, hoping it didn’t come out too panicked. Support was team-worthy. Support
was what someone who was invested in a team would say. God, please let support be ok. He
tilted his head in a go on gesture, so I hurried to justify it with my skill set. “I’m fast, and
sneaky - I’m best suited to ambushes, or providing covering fire. I can complete mission
objectives while Naruto and Sakura run distractions. I can - swap in, if someone’s hurt, with
kawarimi like I did with Sakura.” Did I need to go on? This was so bad for my blood
pressure.

“You don’t mind letting your teammates take the spotlight?”

I shook my head. “I don’t need to be the hero,” I said warily.
“No,” Kakashi agreed, looking at me in a way I honestly couldn’t interpret. “You just want to
be tall, ne Sasuke-kun?” Thankfully he moved on before I had to answer that, turning to
Sakura and Naruto. I took a moment to breathe once his attention was off me.

It was, I reflected, possible that I was blowing things out of proportion. Maybe he was just
being a good teacher (hah). Maybe the fact that I’d spent five years hiding not only adult-
me’s secrets but also Itachi’s was making me paranoid. Maybe I should relax, act natural, and
honestly try to be the twelve year old I was. Was pretending to be. Whichever. Whatever else
Kakashi was in the series, he was still one of the good guys, and he still consistently put his
team first - maybe I was included in that?

But geez, it was a lot to gamble with if I was wrong.

“If Sasuke-kun’s running support,” Sakura was saying when I tuned back in, “then he should
be a medic or a genjutsu user, so he can provide backup if a fight goes wrong. Or some
specialised teams have trackers or sensors as their support members, or if a ninja has a
particular kekkei genkai or skill that’s essential for a mission they can be given a support role
so the mission isn’t compromised if there’s combat.”

It was the classic answer, suited to the basic team dynamics we were taught at the academy.
Naruto nodded along sagely, even though I was pretty sure he’d skipped those lessons and
was just agreeing because it was Sakura saying it. If either of them had picked up on my
reaction earlier, they weren’t showing it - and I was cautiously hopeful that they weren’t that
good at hiding things, so. I was ok. I could deal. Life was good.

Ergh, optimism. I’d get hives if I continued like this.

“So what we need,” Naruto summed up, ticking points off his fingers, “Is a way for Sakura-
chan to fight people and not get hurt, a way for me to fight people and hurt them, and a way
for Sasuke-bastard to rescue anyone who is hurt. And it has to be super cool because we’re
going to be famous. That’s the jutsu we choose, sensei!”

Sakura and I sweat-dropped. Kakashi, on the other hand, tapped his book against his chin and
made a show of thinking about it.

“Maybe I could teach you… hmm, no. What about… no, that won’t work. Perhaps… best
not. Ah!” He held up a finger, eye-smile firmly in place, and despite myself I leaned forwards
with the other two. “Oh wait, not that one. Hmmm…”

“Sensei, c’mon! Stop teasing us and pick one!”

He held the suspense for a fraction longer, enough for Naruto to begin vibrating with
impatience, then levelled his book at us decisively. “I have the perfect technique for you.
Kakashi-sensei’s super powerful, super secret technique: Konoha style ninja art: tree
climbing no jutsu!”

“Are you kidding me,” I blurted. Tree walking. Tree walking. All that fucking build up - tree
walking? Did any of the past however many minutes of panic attack actually matter for
anything if he was just going to teach us tree walking? He’d probably decided beforehand. It
was probably in the Konoha sensei handbook, how to annoy your genin while making sure
they mostly reach adulthood, dither about with meaningless questions then teach them
motherfucking tree walking.

Don’t get me wrong, I wanted to learn tree walking. It was useful. Life saving, even. But
what was the fecking point of making us list our skills and come up with what we needed a
jutsu to do if he was just going to teach us that one anyway?

“But sensei, we can already climb trees,” Sakura said. It was the same tone of voice she
might say, but sensei, we can already walk down the street, because we were Konoha nin and
that’s what we did.

“Oh?” Kakashi asked, and stood up in one smooth motion. “Well then, I suppose we’d best
go and get our d-ranks for the day. If you already know the techniques then what’s poor
sensei meant to teach you?” And, in a move than even I will admit looked kind of cool, he
walked directly at the fence on the edge of the bridge, then up the fence with his body parallel
to the floor, over the top and down the other side, and smoothly over the water’s surface to
get to the bank. All without breaking stride or seeming to notice the change between vertical
and horizontal.

As impressive as it was to see on a screen, it was actually way more impressive in real life.

“Off to the Hokage,” he said cheerily. “Here I go, picking up a lovely mission for my lovely
team. What a nice day to clean a sewer.”

We glanced at each other, then scrambled to our feet as one and dived after him. “Sensei,
wait!”



“Stupid piss-fucking bitch-ass tree,” I growled, glaring at the splintered bark in front of me. I
was going to set it on fire.

“Sasuke-kun!” Sakura scolded from somewhere up in the canopy. I made a two fingered
gesture at her which was entirely stolen from my old world but which I’m sure she grasped
the meaning of well enough.

“Now now, Sasuke-kun,” Kakashi tutted. “That’s no way to talk to a lady, is it?”

“Stupid piss-fucking bitch-ass tree-san.”

He sighed, shaking his head at me in mournful disappointment, as Naruto yelled a war cry in
the background and started his millionth run-up of the day.

“Would you look at that, I think he’s getting further than you.”

I stabbed the kunai I was using to mark my progress viciously into the tree and whirled on
him. “What is your problem?” I snapped. He blinked, eye wide and taken aback - or
seemingly taken aback, who the fuck knew with Kakashi. “Why do you keep comparing me
to Naruto? Why do you keep needling me about not being a team player, or not being good
enough, or not living up to being the rookie of the year?”

“Saa,” he said, and oh he was good, because he even sounded completely wrong footed.
Someone get him an oscar, quick. “I was encouraging your friendly rivalry? To motivate you
and help you succeed?”

“Well, don’t,” I said shortly. “I’m not rival material and I don’t need to be better than him.”

He was quiet for a blissful second and I turned back to the tree, trying to calm my temper
enough to summon my chakra. Fire, I thought. Uchiha are fire. Fire was jumpy and
inconsistent, but it could be just as powerful in a controlled smoulder as in a blaze of flames.
When I thought I had it just right, I ran at the tree, using my momentum and the chakra on
my feet to go up three four five steps -

The bark splintered. I slashed the kunai to mark my place and flipped off to land in a neat
crouch. Six steps. Naruto was on at least nine, six was barely carrying me further than I’d get
just on my speed.

“You don’t think much of yourself, do you?” Kakashi asked before I could run again. I gave
him an unimpressed look, but even my wariness couldn’t see what the trap was in that. Didn’t
mean there wasn’t one, just that it was too far underneath the underneath for me to find it.
“Not a hero, not rival material, not tall. Not even fussed about rookie of the year status.”

“We’re not at the academy any more,” I said. “No one cares about being rookie of the year.”
He hummed again, squinting at me, and I braced my shoulders to avoid hunching them and
turned back to the tree. “Can I get back to failing this jutsu now, sensei?”

“I was going to call a break, actually. Can’t have Sakura-chan getting bored up there at the
top, can we?” He eye-smiled, and waved her down from her tree without waiting for my
answer. “Sparring practice! You and Sasuke, first to bleed or yield swaps out with Naruto.”

“Here?” Sakura asked, dropping down beside us and looking at the dense forest we were in.
It was a far cry from our usual training field, and also offered her a distinct advantage given
that she could use the trees but I couldn’t yet. Not beyond, oh, three metres off the ground.

Sometimes I wondered what I’d done to make Kakashi hate me.

“Here!” he agreed cheerfully, and pulled out his book to leave us to it. I shot him an annoyed
look and swapped my kunai out for a brace of shuriken. Attacking from the ground when
your enemy could move in any direction was going to be hard - and it didn’t matter that my
taijutsu was better if I couldn’t reach her to use it.

Unless...

“Hey, Naruto,” I called. “Can I borrow some clones?”

“Well now that’s just cheating,” Kakashi said. He didn’t sound like he was going to stop me,
so I ignored him.
“And can you henge them? I need… ninja wire, more shuriken, and a smoke bomb.”

“Sure? I don’t think I can do the smoke bomb…”

“And more kunai and a really big net,” Sakura added sweetly. “Thank you Naruto!”

I returned her sharp smile with one of my own and pushed my annoyance at Kakashi out of
my mind. Knowing Naruto, the net would be made of rope instead of wire. Plus, trees were
made of wood, and if they burnt there’d be nothing left for her to climb.

Grand fireball, baby. Time to let off some steam.



By the end of the day I’d beaten Sakura, lost to Naruto, teamed up with Naruto and somehow
lost to Sakura, then emerged victorious but only just from the three way free for all that
followed.

I’d also made it to twelve steps up the tree. These were Hashirama trees. Twelve steps was
piddly.

It was the first day, I think, that we’d spent the whole time training and not taken a single d-
rank, and there was something immensely satisfying about the bone-deep ache it left in my
muscles. I didn’t even care about the fact that I hadn’t mastered tree walking, or that I was
sweaty and disgusting and had leaves stuck in my hair.

“Naruto, sit down,” I mumbled, flat on my back with an elbow thrown over my eyes. “You
move too much. It’s tiring.”

He flopped next to me and poked me in the shoulder, ignoring my half-hearted attempts to
bat him away. “Sakura-chan, I think you broke him.”

Her reply was a garbled moan from her own sprawled heap of exhaustion. “I hurt,” she
complained. “Why do you have so much energy. Are you even human.”

The way Naruto stiffened next to me would be imperceptible to anyone else, but given that I
both knew about the kyuubi and also had his leg pressed half against my arm, it was
impossible to miss. I flapped a hand in Sakura’s direction and deflected for him, because I
was magnanimous like that. “‘S genetic,” I said. “Uzumaki. They’re all monsters.”

He stilled, and I patted his knee. No worries, Naruto. I’m good at secrets. I got your back.

“Wait,” Sakura said, levering herself up to her elbows. “I thought Naruto was the only one?”

“Nah. There was an Uzumaki on my mum’s genin team.” Were there more? I felt like there
were more Uzumaki in the world. Maybe they happened after the time skip. “She ate ramen
and was loud. Clearly related.” I let my eyes close and my mind drift, too tired even to call up
the immolation jutsu to ward off the chill that was sinking in now that we’d stopped moving.
Lucky Naruto was sat so close - he was my own personal furnace, so the left side of me at
least was comfortably toasty.
  “Was?” Naruto asked, cutting into my drifting. I crinkled my nose in displeasure but he kept
  talking. “Is she still… is she still around?”

  The odd tone finally prompted me to move my hand and open my eyes. He turned away, the
  raw hope shuttering off his face almost before I could see it, but my stomach plummeted.

  Shit. He wasn’t meant to know about Kushina yet, was he? Should I tell him? It seemed
  heartless not to, but it also really wasn’t my place. “She died when the kyuubi attacked,” I
  said awkwardly. “Sorry, Naruto.”

  “No! Um, no, you don’t have to be sorry.” He smiled down at me - squinty eyed, fake, wrong,
  and I felt like a total heel for bringing the subject up. “Bet your mum has some cool stories
  though, huh?”

  “I, uh. She’s dead too.” I winced. Total heel. “But I think her old team photo is somewhere, if
  you want?”

  This time the smile was smaller, sadder, but at least not so jarringly false as before. I almost
  expected him to try to refuse, but all he said was, “Thanks, Sasuke.”

  “Ah. You’re welcome?”

  Thankfully, his smile morphed back to his usual grin and he leaned back on his hands,
  breaking eye contact. I let my head drop back down in relief that the feelings were finished
  and subtly inched closer. Because warm.

  “Hey, we should go to Ichiraku’s!”

  “I’m in,” Sakura said almost immediately, lifting an arm like a flag. “I want pork. Two pork.”

  “I want a shower,” I said. Sakura groaned and Naruto kicked me with his knee. More nudged,
  really, but I still elbowed him back. “Then miso ramen.”

  “You always have miso, Sasuke-kun.”

  “Well, when they start serving fish I’ll have that, but until then leave me and my miso ramen
  alone.”

  “No,” Naruto said. “You’re stuck with us, bastard, we’re not leaving you anywhere.”

  I squinted a glare at him, but I was too tired to put any venom behind it and he just grinned
  wider back at me. Honestly. The things I put up with for the sake of body heat.



Chapter End Notes



    Kakashi: Your advice sucks he doesn't want to be a rival now what the frick do I do
    Gai: INTRODUCE HIM TO -
Kakashi: No

Alrighty lovelies, this wraps up the first arc which means that the next chapter takes us
marching off in a Wave-wards direction. Thank you so much everyone for all your
comments and kudos, it's amazing and I'm so glad you're enjoying the fic :D
                                 Chapter 8: Wave arc: I
Chapter Notes



    Welcome to the Wave arc.

    I'm going to move new chapters to every three days instead of every two so that I can
    stay ahead of you guys in the writing and keep updating regularly. Enjoy!




  “Sensei! You’re late. Are we doing more sparring today? Or! Or, are we learning another
  jutsu, but this time a super cool one? Like the bastard’s fireball! But bigger. And better. I still
  can’t believe you won’t share the fireball, bastard.”

  By half past ten in the morning I’d probably lost the chance to tell Naruto it was too early for
  him to be this bouncy, but I shared a commiserating glance with Sakura anyway. Both of us
  were - not stiff, because ninja, but definitely aware of the muscles and aches we’d picked up
  yesterday. Naruto, of course, was his usual hyperactive self with not even a bruise to show for
  it, skipping down the path towards the Hokage tower like a chipmunk on helium. It was
  horrifically unfair.

  “It’s an Uchiha thing,” I grumbled, for the third time. “You have to have fire chakra. Because
  it’s fire. Which you are not.”

  “But how do you know? I could be fire. If you’d teach me the jutsu then we could find out.”

  “Maa, Naruto, it’s not polite to ask people to share jutsu if they don’t want to,” Kakashi
  chided. “Particularly clan jutsu. And Sasuke’s right about a fire affinity making it easier,
  though it is possible to use another elemental type if you need to.” He paused at that, then
  made a quiet huh sound and shook his head. “But! Seeing as we didn’t do any missions
  yesterday, I thought we could have a full day of them today. There’s some dogs to be walked,
  the pig pens need cleaning, Shio-san’s septic tank has sprung a leak again….”

  Sakura made a face like she’d just thrown up in her mouth. I sympathised. Dogs, really?

  Naruto, on the other hand, took an aggressive step forward, struck inspirational pose number
  five with the asymmetric feet and the bent knees, and shouted, “No more d-ranks, sensei!”

  My breath caught in my throat. Was this it? Was this… how many words in were we? Thirty
  thousand? Had we finally, finally hit the Wave mission? I didn’t even want to know what the
  chapter count was. We’d spent literally half the fic on d-ranks.

  “No more d-ranks? But we did training yesterday! Maa, missions are still important, you
  know.”
Oh my god. Oh my god. I needed to sit down.

“Then give us a c-rank, Kakashi-dick-sensei! We’re going to be heroes, we need to do hero
things, believe it!”

Sakura, hold me. It’s happening.

The open door to the mission office was right in front of us. I was so keyed up that survival
training had kicked in and lowered my heart rate and breathing to be barely detectable,
kawarimi-sense vibrating out into the room and tracking everything from the chairs to the
other ninjas to the c-rank scroll on Iruka’s desk.

I pushed it further, straining at the only other door in the room and practically growling a
curse when I couldn’t get through. I’d never been more frustrated in my life that you couldn’t
kawarimi through solid objects. I needed to know on a primal level if there was a drunk
bridge builder on the other side of that door, because if we’d missed our window, if we’d
spent too fucking long pissing about with d-ranks and Tallulah or whatever his name was had
gone off with someone else, I had no idea what I would realistically do but it’d probably
involve a lot of ice cream and a lot of swearing and basically, I deserved this, c’mon universe
please let this be the wave mission, please.

The door opened. I’d completely missed everything else that had happened, I was so focussed
on it. An old man swayed in, but he wasn’t drunk, and for a split section I felt the gaping
chasm of the void opening beneath my feet before I realised that he smelt of sake, he was
clutching an open bottle, and to the person I was before I’d spent five years in a ninja village
he would look exactly like a drunk old bridge builder.

I couldn’t help the victorious smirk I aimed at Sakura and Naruto, but both of them echoed it,
so I accepted no blame. We were going to Wave, shit was going to go down, and right on cue
the bridge builder - whose name I probably needed to learn - started insulting us for being
preteen sproglets instead of the hardened killers he was hoping for.

Yes.



Kakashi gave us an hour to get ready. I honestly wasn’t sure if this meant an actual hour
because a client was waiting for us or a Kakashi hour because why break a habit of a lifetime,
but I erred on the side of caution all the same. We’d covered mission kits and survival basics
back at the academy so I had a standard checklist to go through and in theory it shouldn’t
take me long to tick off what I needed for a short escort mission.

In reality…

“Plushie-tan, I don’t know what to do.” Spread out on the kitchen counter I had the basics:
weapons, emergency food rations (including, and do you know how expensive this was, fruit
leather because I highly doubted there’d be dango waiting to be foraged in the wild and I
could probably kiss ice cream goodbye for the next forever), needle and thread, first aid kit,
toothbrush, water bottle.
It was less than I wanted to take, but ninja were expected to travel light - with some careful
packing, I could get the whole lot in my pockets and weapons pouch. Wave was… what, two
days for an experienced ninja? So three for a genin team? In theory we were expected to
make do without a sleeping roll or a change of clothes so we could maximise speed and
efficiency, but we were travelling with a civilian. How fast did civilians travel? I honestly
couldn’t remember. Not that I’d done much long distance walking when I was a civilian
myself, but somehow I couldn’t see Tazuna hauling ass on a bike, so.

“See, Kakashi was ANBU. He’s hardcore. When Itachi was ANBU he’d go for weeks with
nothing but a toothpick and a dead leaf. Kakashi probably expects us to do the same thing,
because he just doesn’t seem the sort to make allowances for people being puny and genin.
But if we’ve got a civilian then we’re taking longer and making proper camp each night,
right? So…” I pivoted on my heel, holding my arms out to gesture at the next kitchen
counter. It had a sleeping roll, backpack, and a small heatproof bowl that I couldn’t call
anything other than a mess tin despite the fact that mess tins didn’t exist in Konoha. It also
had a change of clothes, a fire starter, rope, and a waterproof cloak that doubled as a rain-
guard to tie over the fire or my sleeping roll. Also more shuriken. Poisoned shuriken, thank
you mum for your beautiful garden of deadly death. And wire - I couldn’t keep relying on
Naruto to provide clone-wire, so I’d found some of my own. It was fun to play with.

I was this close to mastering a poison shuriken yoyo that didn’t slice my fingers off. This
close.

“But,” I continued, turning to my third and final kitchen counter - actually a chopping board
balanced over the sink, but I’d run out of other space and it was only Plushie-tan there to
judge - “If the mission goes tits up and lasts for, say, a month, then we’d need more, right?”

The last counter had more clothes, more fruit leather, the sort of first aid kit that could
conceivably deal with a chakra-exhausted jounin who’d faced down a big dude with a sword,
soap, more more clothes, a scroll containing the epic retelling of the life and times of Uchiha
Tajima (I was hoping that Madara’s dad would drop some key secrets about Madara himself;
no luck so far, but damn did he throw shade at the Senju, it was great), and a few more
clothes for good measure.

I might look like I wore the same clothes all the time, but behind the scenes I went through a
minimum of two outfits a day. Three if it was a rough day and I’d earnt an evening of yukata
and blanket snuggles. Four if you counted pyjamas. And before you laugh at me, consider
please that I started each day with a workout, followed that up with a spar, and then moseyed
on into a day of physical labour and/or more training. Consider also that I lived in fear of a
dictatorship that had killed my clan and wanted my eyeballs, and that being a sweaty
bedraggled mess was one of the very few problems in my life I could control enough to fix.

I would like to clarify that I wasn’t actually dirty. I just had very high standards and led an
active life. In fact, given my practically obsessive showering tendencies, I was probably one
of the cleanest twelve year olds you’ve ever met. When I wasn’t covered in river mud.

Moving on.
“What do you reckon?” I asked Plushie-tan. “I’m probably missing things. I’m definitely
missing things. I need a bigger bag. I need storage scrolls. Why don’t I have storage scrolls.”
I’d found… eight, I think, in various places around the compound. One was so old the ink
had smudged and made it unusable, four were locked and I couldn’t get through, and two
held food supplies from the bakery and I didn’t dare open them in case that disrupted the
stasis seals and everything went off. Or in case things weren’t under stasis seals in the first
place and had already gone off, in which case I really didn’t want to open them.

The last one seemed to be a normal storage scroll, and I’d spent a whole summer a couple of
years back trying to reverse engineer it and find out how it worked. I’d reasoned at the time
that seals were perfect for me, with my logical, computer oriented background and unique (to
Konoha, at least) way of looking at things. I had all the makings of a sealing savant, and once
I’d got my sharingan open and could copy seals on the fly, I’d be set.

As it turned out, I was not a sealing savant. Javascript didn’t work on chakra ink. I would not
be single handedly reviving the hiraishin or dropping explosive seals across the four corners
of the continent.

Using ready-made storage scrolls though, that I could do, except they were expensive and I
didn’t have any. I worried at a healing cut on my lip and debated whether I had time to run
out and buy one. “Probably not,” I decided. “Damnit.”

Backpack or pockets. Lightly packed backpack or stuffed as full as it gets. Could I bring
some extra scrolls for reading material. Decisions.



I arrived at the gate with four minutes to spare and a backpack that was reasonably full, but
still light enough and squishable enough that I could fight in it if I had to. It was also
carefully sorted to look as sensible as possible at first glance so that I wouldn’t have to
answer any difficult questions if Kakashi decided to check our packs - by which I mean I’d
hidden the fruit leather, the extra soap, and the potentially extravagant number of socks in
carefully chosen pockets and hidey holes to keep them out of harm's way.

Given that he didn’t seem to care whether we had them or not, this was an entirely wasted
effort.

“Great,” Tazuna humphed when Kakashi arrived. “A girl, two snot nosed brats, and a guy
who can’t even arrive on time. I’m an important man, I need a better quality of service!”

I bristled. A girl? Sakura hit harder than any of the boys in our year. Besides, what was
wrong with being a girl? Nothing, that’s what. Even if she didn’t punch like a freight train
she'd gone through the same training as everyone else. Also, snot nosed? What were we,
four? “Kunoichi have disproportionately high kill rates,” I said, voice as perfectly level and
polite as I could make it. “People underestimate them and die for it. Because shinobi are
terrifying like that. You should be terrified.”

A hand on my head stopped me, and I scowled as it ruffled my hair in warning. “Ah, what
Sasuke meant to say was that I’m an elite jounin of Konohagakure and my team are stronger
than they look,” Kakashi corrected mildly. He smiled and dipped his head in a lazy bow.
“You’ll be safe under our care, Tazuna-san.”

“I should hope so,” Tazuna said, but his bravado seemed a bit shaken. “I’ve got lives
depending on me, you know!”

“Then what are we waiting for, huh?” Naruto bounced on his heels in anticipation. “Let’s go
and rescue your village, believe it!”

The fact that Kakashi hadn’t checked our packs still nagged at me, and I wondered briefly if I
should get Naruto and Sakura to go through theirs. Sakura’s was small but looked very neat,
Naruto’s was old and beaten up and haphazardly stuffed. We’d had the same lessons - I was
pretty sure Iruka even made Naruto sit through those ones - so we should have the same
things, except that neither of them knew how long this mission was actually going to be.

I decided against. They’d survived on their own packing in canon, and I remembered how
badly it had gone down at the academy when I’d started showing people up in class. After
almost a month of d-ranks Team Seven was beginning to settle into something vaguely
tolerable, I didn’t want to risk disrupting it. It’d be fine.

Besides, Naruto’s excitement was infectious. In a world of military rule, bandits, and a war
every generation or so, people just didn’t travel unless they needed to. I doubted he’d ever
left the village before - I hadn’t really left the village, and the Uchiha were a powerful clan
with trading and business connections to the surrounding areas. Or at least, they had been; I’d
not kept them up, so I highly doubted any of the contracts were still valid.

How cool would that be if they were, though. I could be in charge of my own economic
empire. Uchiha Sasuke, silk-importer extraordinaire. Purveyor of mochi. I’d have breakfast
meetings among the camellias and rewrite Konoha’s employer guidelines to make paid
maternity leave a thing. I could have bespoke stationary.

“You seem to be in a good mood, Sasuke-kun,” Sakura said, keeping pace beside me while
Naruto scouted ahead with unnecessary zeal. “Are you looking forward to the mission?”

I resettled myself back into reality. “Just nice to be outside,” I deflected, and continued
walking.



And continued walking.

Peeled off from the group to take a leak and admitted that, maybe, there were occasions when
the penis was useful.

Continued walking.

Amused myself by using the tree walking technique to stick bits of dust and pebble to the
bottom of my shoes as we went, and tried to overpower it at various points to send small dust
clouds poofing off my feet.
Continued walking.

Attempted to murder the back of Tazuna’s head with just the force of my thoughts while not
letting anything more than a slightly dead-eyed expression cross my face.

Continued walking.

For three days.

“This is why people invented trains,” I muttered somewhere around noon on the third day.
“And planes. Cars. My kingdom for a renault clio, lord give me strength.”

“What’s that, Sasuke-kun?”

“Carts,” I said, raising my voice just enough for Sakura to hear. “Aren’t they fascinating. Did
you ever wonder what it would be like to ride a horse. Think how much faster it would be
than this.”

“But Tazuna-san’s a bridge builder,” she pointed out, bemused. “Why would he have a cart?
Or a horse?”

“Because the only benefit of feet is that you can go in a straight line instead of following the
path, except we’re using our feet and we’re still following the path. It’s slow. And
inefficient.” I might have been whining just a fraction by the end of it, but my original
estimate of a few days for the trip was apparently way out. We’d gone - what, half the
distance so far? Half. In three days! I could crawl faster than this. I was lithe and speedy and
built to run, not to slowly amble with breaks every few hours. Escort missions sucked.

“Are you tired, bastard?” Naruto grinned, dropping back to join the conversation. “Are your
feet hurting? Is Hime-chan cold again? Ooh, are you hungry?”

“You think you’re funny but you’re actually not and your attempts at humour are pitiful and
embarrassing.”

“Are you hungry though, Sasuke-kun?” Sakura asked with much more sincerity. “You didn’t
eat much last night, and sensei said you skipped the rabbit before that as well.”

Sensei’s a snitch, I thought viciously. “I’m fine,” I said. “I’m just bored. I thought something
would have happened by now.” Had we missed the demon brothers? I couldn’t see any
reason why we would have. If we hadn't, they were slow and it was rude of them to make us
wait this long.

“I know,” Naruto complained, taking the bait. “No bandits, no battles - this is the least heroic
c-rank to ever exist!”

“Stop tempting fate, brat!” Tazuna said. “Do you want me to be attacked, huh?”

“Maa, don’t be so impatient, Naruto. This is how most c-ranks are, it’s not bad to have good
luck sometimes.” I didn’t jump when Kakashi appeared, but only because I was so used to
Naruto’s clones randomly popping up that Kakashi’s barely phased me. I did subtly poke the
Kakashi now walking beside us with my chakra, trying to see if I could tell which Kakashi -
this one, or the one walking a few metres ahead - was the clone. I couldn’t, of course. Stupid
non-chakra sensing chakra sense. Kawarimi sense. Stupid sense.

Tazuna’s sudden strangled silence though was admittedly quite funny.

“Still though,” Kakashi continued. “If you’ve got energy for talking you’ve probably got
energy for training. How’s your tree walking going?”

“I can walk up anything sensei, believe it!” Naruto said, already looking round for a suitable
forest to demonstrate in. I just stuck my foot to one of the larger stones by the side of the road
and lifted the whole thing in answer. Sakura, of course, had mastered it the first time it was
introduced.

“I believe you, Naruto, no need to go running off. But I guess your beloved sensei had best
teach you something else then, just to keep the boredom away!” He eye smiled at us with his
head tilted to the side and waited for both Sakura and Naruto to cheer.

Even I perked up at the thought of a new technique. I could’ve sworn he hadn’t taught them
much in canon, but maybe it all happened off screen? We were out the village, there were no
stupid test questions to trick us with, I couldn’t see the catch. He might, genuinely, be doing
his teaching job and teaching us.

“Fireball,” Naruto demanded, holding his hand out and side-eyeing me. I stuck my tongue
out.

“You still need a fire affinity. And you’re still not Uchiha. Get your own technique.” Not that
the grand fireball was that much use, anyway. Impressive, but slow to cast, and unless I
scored a direct hit it caused more damage to me than to anyone I was fighting. But it was the
principle of the thing.

“Funny that you should mention affinities,” Kakashi said, and deposited a leaf in Naruto’s
open hand. He tucked Sakura’s behind her ear, and was aiming for the back of my collar
before I ducked and stole it from him.

Sakura retrieved hers with a frown and smoothed her hair back out. “But sensei, don’t we
need chakra paper to find our affinities?”

He looked up from the book I swear he wasn’t holding a second ago. “Hm, what? Did you
say something?”

“Clearly not then,” I said dryly, and turned back to my leaf. Naruto made confused sounds in
the background and Sakura started explaining chakra types and how conductive paper would
react to different elements, but I tuned them out. I had an advantage over both of them in that
I already knew I was a fire and lightning type, so I could focus on making the leaf burn rather
than pushing it for an unknown reaction. It would be more delicate than with chakra paper,
but easy enough, and I let myself think firey thoughts as I pooled my chakra in my palm.
“Bad Sasuke,” Kakashi said, bopping me on the head with his book. “Stop making it be fire.
It might not want to be fire.”

I wrinkled my nose in annoyance. “I’m Uchiha,” I said, because I couldn’t say that I’d seen a
variant of my Sasuke-life play out in anime format before I’d died.

He hummed, and for all intents and purposes, ignored me to focus on Icha Icha again. I
turned back to my leaf with a frown. If he wanted to be difficult about it then he could be
difficult; the leaf would still burn. Unless the lightning would be stronger? But I was pretty
sure that came later on. All Uchiha were fire types, or at least the main house were - I think
some of the branch members had different elements. They still had to use enough fire jutsu to
satisfy the clan though, so it didn’t make much of a difference.

I called my chakra again, letting it flicker to life around the edges of the -

Bop. “Sasuke, no.”

“Sensei.”

“I did it!” Naruto yelled, holding up his leaf. It was split cleanly in two. “Sensei, sensei, look
-”

“Wind,” Kakashi said, ambling over with a pleased smile. “And Sakura, that’s earth. Well
done, you two.”

Sakura grinned, eyes sparkling, and even Tazuna gave them a gruff congratulations. I doubt
he knew what he was congratulating them for, but it was clearly a big deal so it was nice of
him to acknowledge it.

“What did you get, Sasuke-kun?” Sakura asked, and I gave Kakashi a wary look and
refocussed on my leaf. And, just to prove a point, I carefully cleared all thoughts of anything
elemental out of my head and just called my raw chakra, like I did when I gathered it for
kawarimi and pushed it out to find something to swap with. Except instead of out, I pushed it
in to the leaf, carefully not expecting it to burn so I could act shocked and surprised when it
actually did burn.

The leaf crumpled into a soggy mess under the weight of my chakra and I shook my hand out
in disgust. “Hang on, I need another leaf. This one broke.”

Kakashi leaned over and stole it from me before I could drop it on the floor. “Hmm, no,” he
said. “That’s water chakra, Sasuke. Looks like you’re a water-type!”

And then he smiled at me.

Like he hadn’t just blatantly lied. Or made a mistake. Or - “I have fire chakra,” I corrected
him. There was a rushing sound in my ears and I felt faintly light headed. “I use fire jutsu.”

He kept smiling. One of his hands twitched, like he wanted to ruffle my hair but was holding
himself back. My chest felt tight, and cold, and dark. My vision narrowed until all I could see
was the leaf in his hands, wet and wet and wet and he was speaking again. “Maa, don’t
underestimate water, Sasuke. There’s plenty of powerful water-users in the world, and it’s a
rare affinity in Fire Country. Not many people would think to defend against drowning when
fighting an Uchiha.”

Because you can’t. There's no defence, because you lose control, because you can’t breathe
and then you can’t not breathe and it hurts, you don’t think it would hurt like that but it hurts,
it hurts, you can’t breathe you can’t -

“I was planning to be a genjutsu specialist, actually,” I said, my voice flat but otherwise
remarkably calm. I blinked, and looked away from the leaf. “Like Sakura said, it’s useful for
support.” My shoulders rose and fell in a slow, steady rhythm. There was nothing blocking
my nose. I was mildly disappointed to not be following in my family’s tradition as a fire user,
but otherwise unbothered.

“Oh, you don’t have to, Sasuke-kun,” Sakura said, sending me an uneasy look. “It was just a
thought. You’ll be amazing at whatever you want to be, so you can be a water ninjutsu
specialist if you want?”

“No,” I said, and shook myself into my usual grumpy scowl. “Genjutsu makes sense for my
skills as well as the team. I’m going to be a genjutsu specialist.”



I was relieved when the demon chunin attacked later that afternoon. Demon chunin? Chunin
brothers? I didn’t actually care, I just wanted to stab something and they presented an easy
target. Puddle on the ground, fab. Kakashi walking on like nothing’s amiss, why not. Sakura
frowning at it, Naruto oblivious, perfect set up.

“Sensei,” I said, more as a warning for what I was about to do than anything else. He inclined
his head just a fraction and that was good enough for me; I subtly withdrew four shuriken,
made sure one of them was attached to a length of chakra wire, and threw them with vicious
accuracy.

One thunked into the puddle. The two chunin burst from it in a sudden flurry of chakra, their
chains already flying out to wrap around Kakashi. I heard someone’s - Naruto’s? - audible
distress and assumed he’d pretended to be ripped to pieces, but I was already moving,
running forwards low to the ground to dodge under their blows.

Shurikens two and three curved back, but I’d misjudged the position slightly and only one of
them got in a solid hit. Then the chain was swinging my way and I had to twist sharply to
avoid it. It would’ve made more sense to back up and get a clear view of what was
happening, but like I said, I wanted to stab. I tugged on the wire still in my fist and the last
shuriken came whipping back to me.

“Brother!” One of the chunin shouted, and knocked it out of the air with a sharp jab - but that
was fine, the wire kept going and scored a deep, bloody groove along his arm, and I took
advantage of his moment of pained distraction to aim three lightning fast blows at his throat.
He choked, but they did less damage than I’d hoped - he was wearing a head piece, some
kind of breathing apparatus - and I had to abandon my attack to roll with a sudden kick from
the other chunin, trying desperately to use my momentum to lessen the impact.

“Sasuke, swap!” Sakura demanded, brittle and loud. I growled, but I was badly positioned;
one of the chunin was breathing heavily and cradling his wounded arm, and Naruto was
distracting the other with a minor avalanche of clones, and I still really wanted to just hit
something, but I didn’t have the strength or the run up I needed to deal a finishing blow.

“Punch!” I yelled, and threw myself at the guy I’d winded with my arm raised in a
deliberately sloppy haymaker. He scoffed, barely bothering to raise a decent block, and I
smirked at him before grabbing Sakura in a kawarimi and trading places. Good luck
surviving that without an iron-clad shield in place, dickhead.

I landed closer in than I’d thought, the momentum of my movement sending me sprawling in
an untidy shambles on the side of the road. I glanced back at Tazuna - if Sakura was this
close to the battle, I needed to check he was guarded because we were still technically on an
escort mission rather than a vent-our-feelings-via-stab-therapy mission, but given the sheer
quantity of orange surrounding him I guessed he was fine.

Frustratingly, so were Naruto and Sakura, and by the time I’d flipped myself back on my feet
they’d both sorted out their respective enemies. Sakura’s was down unconscious with a
trickle of blood leaking from under his hairline, and the one Naruto’d been facing was barely
more than a head sticking out a truly impressive amount of rope.

Orange rope. With swirly patterns.

“Don’t use clones as rope, dumbass,” I huffed, retrieving my chakra wire and fashioning a
more stable solution. “If he stabs it, the whole thing’ll disappear.”

“Don’t run ahead like that,” he snapped back. “What if they’d got you as well as Kakashi-
sensei?” He actually sounded upset, face pinched tight and knuckles white around the kunai
he was holding.

“They didn’t get Kakashi,” I said.

“They did, Sasuke-kun,” Sakura said, coming up to join us. “We saw -”

“Then where’s his body?” I gestured at the empty path, then the trees off to the left of us.
“He’s not dead. He’s over there.”

“But we saw -”

“Sasuke’s right,” Kakashi said, appearing in a whirl of shunshin leaves. “But Sasuke, so’s
Naruto. Jumping in like that was reckless.” He nudged one of chunin with his foot, ignoring
the man’s angry hiss. “These two are known for using poison. If they’d released it into the air
you could easily have breathed it in.”

Yeah, well, they didn’t. And if they did, Kakashi would’ve stopped them, so. We were fine.
“So you’ve heard of us!” the brother currently tied up by Naruto’s clone-rope and my wire
said. “Gozu and Meizu, the famous Demon Brothers of the bloody Mist!”

I stepped back and let Kakashi take over the interrogation of both the demon brothers and
Tazuna, though I suspected he already knew more than he was letting on. The warning look
he shot me though said that he wasn’t happy about how I’d acted, even if he was letting it go
for now, and I resisted the urge to hunch my shoulders defensively. From the outside, I could
see how it’d looked like I just charged in, particularly given how shaken both Sakura and
Naruto had been by Kakashi’s apparent dismemberment.

From the inside, I knew it wasn’t an issue. Kakashi had never been in any danger. The
‘demon brothers’ were small fry, ones that barely registered a mention in canon except as the
first proper enemy action Team Seven had seen. Even then, I was pretty sure Naruto was in a
worse fight with Mizuki when he was tricked into stealing the scroll. I could’ve acted more
like I didn’t know what was happening, but there was a stage, surely, where being paranoid
and downplaying my knowledge started working against me? What was the point in having
the whole of canon neatly mapped out if I couldn’t use the advantage I’d been given?

“Sasuke-kun?” Sakura prompted, and I flicked my gaze up to her and stopped chewing the
inside of my cheek. I replayed the last minute of what everyone had been saying in my head -
situational awareness, it’s important for a ninja - and resisted the urge to wrinkle my nose at
Tazuna’s hammed up sob story about his grandson.

“It’s outside the mission parameters,” I said neutrally.

“No way, bastard! We’re Team Seven, we don’t abandon people who need us, believe it!”

I pulled a face at Naruto, but I’d already known we were going to continue. “I didn’t say no.
If you and Sakura are going, then I am too.”

“Then we’ll go,” Sakura said, turning first to Kakashi for approval then to Tazuna to drop
into a formal bow. “We will continue the mission, Tazuna-san, and deliver you safely to
Wave.”
                                       Chapter 9: Wave arc: II
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I was on edge for the rest of the day. We all were; now that Tazuna had admitted what was
   actually going on everyone knew to be cautious - it’s just, I was the only one who knew how
   cautious we had to be. I was also the only one who knew we’d survive it, but that was beside
   the point. Anticipation was making me jumpy, and it wasn’t until evening when we reached a
   small outpost by the river that I allowed myself to relax slightly.

   Zabuza had attacked during the day. We were safe, for now. And, as an unexpected but
   entirely welcome bonus, we got actual fish for dinner with actual rice and actual vegetables
   instead of trail rations and fresh-caught game.

   “We’ll spend the night here,” Tazuna said, frowning out at the river while the lady whose
   house we were in passed round the bowls. “The water’s too dangerous in the dark, but we
   can’t risk being seen… It’s foggy around dawn, that’s the best time.”

   “Here,” the lady said, adding an extra fish to mine. “You look hungry, shinobi-kun.”

   It might have been patronising and I could take offense because I wasn’t that twiggy - or that
   obvious - but on the other hand, food. “It’s delicious,” I told her. “Thank you for your
   hospitality.”

   She smiled, and turned to Tazuna. “Will you need futons, Tazuna-san? I have a spare, and I’m
   sure more can be found for your retinue.”

   Retinue, Naruto mouthed at Sakura, looking pleased.

   “No need,” Kakashi assured her. “My team and I will keep watch.”

   She hesitated. “If Gato sees I have guards on the house…”

   “We’re ninja, Obasan. We won’t be seen.”

   She looked back at the three of us dubiously - Naruto, currently pulling a face at Sakura
   while she pretended to ignore him, me half way through my third bowl of dinner - but Tazuna
   caught her eye and nodded. He’d seen us in action, and though I still think he thought of us as
   kids, he’d also seen us fight.

   We set out our rolls far enough from the house to be invisible but close enough to still guard
   it. Kakashi disappeared into the shadows after telling us to set up a watch rotation, probably
   to set up his own patrol just in case we missed anything. It would leave him tired the next
   morning, but ninja were expected to operate under worse conditions than a bit of missing
   sleep. Of the rest of us, I drew the short straw and ended up with the middle watch, Sakura
took the first, and Naruto would take the watch just before dawn. Sakura took to the trees to
settle herself and Naruto and I crawled in our sleeping rolls and bedded down.

Say what you like about ninja life, but the ability to drop almost immediately into a fully
restful sleep? Genius. A plus, ten out of ten would recommend. Having to crawl out of the
lovely warmth and into the freezing chill of the mists that hung around the river in the middle
of the night? Pants.

I shamelessly stole Naruto’s orange jacket. The immolation jutsu could go hang.

No, I wasn’t still sore about not being a fire user, nor was I quietly panicking about what
effect the change would have on canon. How dare you.

“Hey,” I greeted, landing silently on the branch next to Sakura. “All quiet?”

“All quiet,” she agreed in the same low tone. She raised an eyebrow at my jacket, but didn’t
comment. I’d give it back to Naruto when he switched on for the dawn watch. Probably. It
was surprisingly soft.

She didn’t make a move to leave though, and I cocked my head curiously. “Bed roll’ll be
getting cold,” I prompted.

She nodded, then shook her head and turned to face me fully. “Sasuke-kun,” she said
cautiously, “Why weren’t you eating?”

I frowned. “I had three bowls at dinner.”

“Before that though. And don’t say you weren’t hungry, because you wouldn’t have had so
much tonight if that was true.”

I burrowed further into the jacket, disguising my hunched shoulders as a reaction to the cold.
I didn’t want to straight up lie, and deflecting would be obvious, so I admitted, “I don’t eat
meat.”

“Oh. I didn’t know you were religious, Sasuke-kun?”

“I’m not. I just…” I didn’t know how to explain. Being vegetarian - or pescatarian - by
choice wasn’t really a thing, particularly not in a ninja village. At the same time, I thought I’d
done remarkably well to suppress the - weakness was the wrong word, softness, maybe? The
softness of my old life as much as I had. I could throw shuriken with the best of them, had
successfully desensitised myself to the concept of death and dead bodies, but I just… didn’t
want to eat them. Dead things.

Fish didn’t count because I needed protein, fish meat didn’t look the same, and also fuck fish.

Sakura was still waiting for an explanation. “People are made of meat,” I said, and shrugged.
If she wanted to try and talk me out of it, or explain why it was impractical and going hungry
could put the mission at risk, she could try. I already knew the arguments though. Remember
that year I spent giving myself malnutrition? I remembered it.
But all she said was, “Ah. Thank you for telling me, Sasuke-kun,” and turned to go.

“Wait,” I said, taken aback. “That’s it? Why did you want to know?”

She hesitated, one foot already sticking to the bark in preparation for her climb down. “Well,
I’m the team leader, aren’t I? And if I’m the team leader, that means I’m responsible for you
and Naruto while we’re on missions. So, it’s good to know that you need fish, and I can make
sure you aren’t hungry.” She flashed me a smile. “Kakashi-sensei’s right, Sasuke-kun. You
get grumpy when you’re hungry.”

And then she gave me a small wave, and dropped down to the camp. I was left staring at the
darkness, completely thrown by the fact that my twelve year old teammate had just assumed
responsibility for me - me, the adult masquerading as a child - and that she’d been so weirdly
understanding about it.

“I honestly don’t know what to feel about this,” I told the tree I was leaning against. It was
probably best to ignore it and concentrate on being on watch.

Oh, except, I wasn't grumpy when I was hungry. That was slander and libel and Kakashi was
an ass for spreading his filthy filthy lies. I was grumpy all the time, it was a personality trait.



The boat ride over the river the next morning was eerie. It was just after dawn, and the light
was filtering weak and grey through the mist. It was cold - of course - and so still and silent
that I was reminded sharply of the quiet not-dark between my old world and Itachi’s
Tsukuyomi. We didn’t even make any sound as we moved, the boat driver (driver?
Helmsman?) opting to use a long pole to push us along rather than risking oars. The
occasional birdcall or splash of a fish breaking the surface seemed to echo terrifyingly loud
off the unseen river bank.

It made the hairs on my arms stand on end.

We pulled up a short way from the village itself, not daring to risk getting any closer by boat.
Tazuna said something to the man that had brought us over, something changed hands, and
with a final nod, we left. He poled back out over the water without looking back and it took
barely a minute before the mist closed behind him and he was gone.

“We’re a few hours from the village,” Tazuna told us. “My house is on the outskirts, we’ll be
safe there.”

It was a shortsighted belief, but we didn’t disabuse him of the notion. If a ninja wanted him
dead, his front door wouldn’t present much of a barrier - though, I suppose, his house would
be easier for us to defend than the public roads we’d been taking so far.

The promise of a shorter day and an end to the journey made us move that bit faster though. I
kept looking at the trees, then reminding myself that Zabuza was a mist nin, he’d most likely
be coming from the river we were following - except, Haku had been in the trees - but then
the river was more dangerous -
By the time Naruto flung his kunai at the bushes I was on a hair trigger, and it was only
worry that my kawarimi sense would be detectable that had kept me from saturating the
entire path in my chakra.

Rabbit, I thought, trying to calm my racing nerves as Sakura scolded Naruto. It was just a
rabbit. A white rabbit. Wasn’t there something - “It’s a decoy,” I hissed, grabbing Tazuna and
dragging him to the ground with me. “Get down!”

The sword whistled as it passed overhead. My heart pounded, because holy shit, this was it -
also holy shit, that was close.

“I see the other two failed,” a deep voice said. I looked up; the sword - bloody fuck, that’s a
big a sword - was embedded horizontally in a tree, and Zabuza stood on top of it in a faux-
disinterested slouch. “Tch, now it’s my turn.”

“Momochi Zabuza,” Kakashi said, mimicking his casual attitude. “The demon of the hidden
mist.” His book was nowhere to be seen though, and I recognised the tenseness in his
shoulders.

Which was ridiculous, because this was Kakashi. Yes, he’d give himself chakra exhaustion in
this fight, but also, he was Kakashi. He was probably worried we were going to do something
stupid and get in the way. Escort quests were the worst for multiple reasons, and the lack of
any self preservation on the part of the people you had to keep alive ranked pretty high on
that list.

“Stay back,” I said to the others as we pushed ourselves to our feet. “We need to protect
Tazuna.”

Sakura shot me an annoyed look, even as she and Naruto fell into an automatic defensive
formation. “Naruto, clones,” she said. “Sasuke, get up high and use your shuriken -”

“No,” Kakashi cut in. “He’s too dangerous. Keep out of it - I’ll handle him.” His hand went
to his headband, and I couldn’t see from where I was but it didn’t take a genius to guess what
he’d just revealed.

Particularly because Zabuza raised an eyebrow and narrated it. “Sharingan no Kakashi. I’m
honored that I get to see it already. But what good will your eye be against an enemy that you
can’t see, I wonder?” He held up one hand in a seal and faded back into the mist that was
rising off the river. No - not rising off it, being pulled off it.

Incidentally, one handed wordless jutsus? Beyond cool. If I hadn’t spontaneously decided to
forsake ninjutsu in favour of never using a water technique in my life, I’d be all over that.

“Close ranks,” Sakura hissed, backing up a step. She blocked Tazuna to the front, Naruto and
I took his left and right respectively, and I heard the quiet sound of Naruto’s clones appearing
to cover the back. The mist was by this stage so thick that Kakashi was little more than a
silhouette, and I stretched out with my kawarimi-sense to get a better look. I couldn’t pick up
any chakra, but physical objects showed up, kind of like if you walked around with your eyes
closed and your hands out in front of you. Not the easiest thing to interpret without being able
to see what you feeling, but it would give me a warning if -

There.

I spun, lifting my arm to deflect Zabuza’s sword away with a palm strike. He twisted the
blade and angled it back at me, and I aimed a kick at his wrist to disrupt the blow - it was
way too powerful to even think about blocking, I had shuriken and a few kunai and the sword
was taller than I was and probably weighed more as well. His next blow was aimed straight
for my chest but he dissolved into a splash of water before I could react, Kakashi appearing
behind him with his kunai thrust out exactly where the clone’s head would’ve been.

“With my eye I can see everything you do, Zabuza,” he growled. “There’s nowhere you can
hide.”

“Oh?” came the response, echoing from all around us - then Kakashi was sliced in half, and
this time I did flinch because shit - then the clone dispersed into water, and another Kakashi
held his kunai against Zabuza’s neck.

“I can copy your techniques as soon as you use them,” the new Kakashi said. “Anything you
use will be used against you in turn until your own weapons defeat you.”

It was melodramatic to the extreme, but it was also playing out as canon said it would and
provided a decent distraction for the three of us to try and hustle Tazuna away from the river
and out of the thickest of the mist. I kept my kawarimi sense in close to watch for any more
attacks - though with the number of Narutos now circling us protectively, I wasn’t sure I’d be
able to pick up anything useful - so I had to rely on hearing for Kakashi and Zabuza’s fight.

“Which way is the village,” Sakura hissed to Tazuna. “We can get out while Kakashi distracts
him. Naruto, can your clones make a -”

The mist cleared and she cut off with shocked gasp. I zeroed in on what she’d seen instantly:
Zabaza, standing on the river a metre back from the bank with one hand out, holding Kakashi
in place with a sphere of water.

“It seems your eye has let you down, Kakashi,” he said, in the tone of voice you might say it
seems your geraniums are in need of weeding, Kakashi. “My water prison is inescapable
whether you see it coming or not.”

“Kakashi-sensei,” Naruto said frantically. “What do we do, how do we get him out?”

“No!” Kakashi yelled from inside the bubble. “Take Tazuna and escape, you can’t face him!”

“Can’t face me, can’t escape me,” Zabuza agreed with a chilling laugh, and raised one hand
in a single-handed seal again. The water clone rose ominously from the surface of the river
and started walking towards us with slow, measured steps, and I knew - I still knew that we
were going to be fine, but Kakashi’s fear and Zabuza’s lazy confidence were both very
convincing.
“What do we do,” Naruto hissed at Sakura. “What do we do?”

She wavered, white-faced, knuckles standing out in sharp relief against the handle of her
kunai. Her eyes were darting furiously, looking for an exit, and I had a sudden doubt -
academy training said the mission was paramount, the textbook answer would be to obey
Kakashi’s order and run, she wasn’t going to do it, was she?

“We can’t leave Kakashi,” I said, readying more shuriken and making sure two of them were
primed with poison.

“Those who abandon their teammates are less than trash,” she agreed without missing a beat,
and I realised she’d just been looking for a plan. “I think the Zabuza on the river can’t move
without releasing Kakashi-sensei. Naruto, can your clones defend Tazuna?”

He shook his head. “His sword is too fast! He’ll dispel them, I can’t, we can’t -”

“Focus,” I snapped. The water bunshin was closer, still taking lazy strides with its sword
balanced casually over one shoulder. It was toying with us - or with Kakashi, who was
throwing himself against the water prison with what looked like a drill whirling ineffectively
around his hands. I tilted my shoulders to hide my mouth and hissed, quietly enough that
Zabuza shouldn’t hear me, “Naruto, we need you. I can’t swap with a moving shuriken, it’s
too small.”

Sakura sucked in a sharp breath as she understood and she nodded once decisively. “Delay
the water clone. I’ll take it. Naruto, stay on guard and keep making clones.” And, without
giving him any more time to panic, she lowered herself to the ground, sent out a trio of
illusion bunshins to disguise which path she’d taken, and started running. I waited just long
enough for Naruto to collect himself and press a henged clone into my palm before leaping
forwards, circling wide enough to stay out of reach and flinging shuriken in quick succession.
I focussed on the water clone, the poisoned shuriken going first - elemental clones could take
more hits than shadow clones could, but the poison would contaminate the water and should
disrupt it enough to give Sakura a chance - and the henged one held in reserve until I could
get the angle just right -

Clone Zabuza ducked to one side to dodge Sakura’s punch, and I threw the Naruto-shuriken.
It whizzed over his shoulder, close enough that he dismissed it as a failed throw, and
continued past the original Zabuza until it was hanging over the lake. I was reaching for it
with kawarimi even before it de-henged into Naruto, yet more shuriken flying the second I
switched - now would have been a really good time to have a quick-fire flame attack but I
had to make do with what I had and at least my aim was damn good. Zabuza - the original -
was forced to dodge or take three inches of spiky metal to his carotid artery; he dodged, and I
had a second of hanging in the air above the river while I reached back to the bank to switch
again, then I was plummeting down just as I hooked onto another of Naruto’s clones. I took a
breath, lining up my next shot for when I was back on land, and -

The kunai slammed into my side out of nowhere and disrupted my concentration enough that
I lost my grip on the clone I was switching with. I cursed, reaching frantically for another
one, but I hit the water in the next second and lost kawarimi entirely. The force of the impact
rippled through me like a shock, sudden and cold and stinging, and I turned desperately to
find the surface.

It wasn’t there.

I kicked, pushing my arms out and sweeping them through the water. I couldn’t have fallen
far, and Kakashi would be free now, all I had to do was get back to air, all I had to do was not
breathe until I could breathe again. I wasn’t a civilian, I reminded myself, it wasn’t like
before, I wasn’t going to - it wasn’t - The river pressed against my chest. I forced out
kawarimi with a panicked surge, but you can’t switch places through solid objects and the
water was an immovable barrier; I kicked again and this time I moved, fingers scrabbling for
the surface but instead I felt them sink into the mud at the bottom of the river, I’d swum the
wrong way I couldn’t breathe, canon-Sasuke survived this fight but I was drowning I couldn’t
breathe, my lungs were on fire I pushed off from the bottom of the river I didn’t know which
way was up I couldn’t breathe there was water pressing against my nose I had to breathe I
couldn’t breathe I had to breathe it flooded in I choked I choked I was going to drown I
couldn’t breathe -

A hand gripped the back of my collar and hauled me up, coughing and wheezing to the
surface. I flailed, trying instinctively to get a grip on them even as my ribs ached from the
kunai wound and throwing up the water I’d swallowed, but they kept me at arms’ reach until
I was on the bank.

“Easy,” they murmured, supporting my shoulders as I shook. I gasped, huge gulps of air
rattling through me and scraping my windpipe raw as they went. “Easy, you’re ok.”

They tensed suddenly, and I looked up, too exhausted to panic. Was it Zabuza, had he got free
of Kakashi - I blinked stupidly at the white and red patterned mask. That wasn’t one of my
teammates. What. What?

“I have to go,” they said with an apologetic head tilt, and in the same movement they leant
me against the closest tree and disappeared in a shunshin. I was too shaken to protest, leaning
back against the trunk in an ungainly sprawl and trying to remind my muscles how to
function. Distantly, I registered the sudden stillness as a ninja battle I hadn’t even noticed
hearing ground to a sudden halt, then voices - Kakashi, and the unknown masked ninja who’d
saved me.

Oh. Oh, god.

I pulled myself to my feet. The kunai wound was a nasty cut, but it had missed anything vital.
I was lucky. Both that it hadn’t been a direct hit, and that… That Haku had pulled me out in
time.

Oh god. I almost died. Again. If Haku hadn’t saved me I would’ve -

I pressed my arm against my ribs to keep the blood inside and shook my head to clear it. I
needed to get back to the others; they were just the other side of the bushes, and I could
already hear Naruto shouting my name.
“I’m here,” I said, pushing my way through the foliage. “Jeez, chill. I’m fine.”

“Bastard, what the hell! Where did you go?”

“You’re bleeding,” Kakashi said bluntly. I twisted to the side and lifted my arm away to show
him the wound. Sakura gasped something that was probably my name, but looking at it again,
I didn’t actually think the cut was that bad. If it hadn’t ended up with me in the water, I’d be
fine.

“No organs,” I said, in the least professional status update anyone ever gave. “I don’t think
anything’s broken.”

“Ah,” Kakashi said, pocketing his kunai and smiling. “That’s good, then.” And, still smiling -
or eye-smiling, at least - he gently toppled over and crashed to the floor.

“Kakashi-sensei!” Naruto and Sakura yelped. I blinked at him. Oh, yeah. That.

“Naruto, can your clones make something to carry him to the village?” I asked.

“We can’t move him! What if he’s dying?”

I prodded him with a finger of chakra, just in case he’d been injured worse than in canon.
After all, Sasuke was meant to come out fine but I’d almost - “He’s fine,” I said, refusing to
complete the thought. “Chakra exhaustion. Sharingans are for Uchiha. He’s not Uchiha so it
doesn’t like him, that’s all.”

Yeah. That sounded like a perfect explanation. Fab.

I made a squeaked sound of surprise as someone hauled me up into a piggyback. It took an
embarrassingly long moment to recognise the someone as Naruto, and longer to realise that I
was being carried by a clone. “Hey, put me down,” I said, hitting it hard enough on the
shoulder to dispel it. It stayed stubbornly undispelled, so either it was the real one or I was
being pathetic. “I’m fine. Put me down.”

“We don’t have time,” Sakura said. She secured the last orange tie holding Kakashi onto his
own clone chauffeur and looked back over my shoulder. “Tazuna-san, we need to hurry.
Which way to your house?”

He pointed, wide-eyed but remarkably undamaged and composed for a civilian who’d just
been on the edge of a jounin level fight, and Sakura nodded at the various Narutos around
her.

“Hang on, bastard,” the one holding me said, and I grit my teeth and accepted my ignoble
defeat.

It gave me time to concentrate on not freaking out over how badly I’d almost disrupted the
story by nearly dying not following the script, so. Win.
Thank god for Sakura. She was an amazing human being, a beautiful shining example of
ninjaing done right, and making her the team leader was the best thing I ever did for Team
Seven. Arriving at Tazuna’s house, handling introductions, setting out a watch rotation -
which I only had to fight a little to get included on, I just had a minor stab wound, that’s all
that had happened - all of these things were basic procedure we’d been taught at the
academy, and she thrived on it. Basic procedure, plus a bit of basic manners and social
awareness, both of which Naruto and I were somewhat lacking in.

“How are you so good at this?” I asked when the three of us - two of us and a Naruto clone,
he was on watch at the moment - were left alone in one of the upstairs rooms to settle in. My
voice sounded odd to my ears, forcefully cheerful in a way that betrayed how much effort it
was taking to act like everything was fine. Which it was. I was alive, and Kakashi was alive,
and Sakura was leading like a pro and even in my thoughts I was bubbly and upbeat and fine.

“Good at what?” Naruto asked. He dug through the packs he’d retrieved at some point and
brought with him and passed me his very minimal first aid kit. I wrinkled my nose and didn’t
take it.

“My one’s in my bag, it’s got more things in it. And Sakura, being good at all this…
missioning. With Tazuna and Tsunami.”

She shot me a harried look. “I’m terrified,” she said, too stressed to be anything but blunt.
“Kakashi-sensei’s completely out of it, you’re hurt, I’m hurt, we don’t know if anyone else is
coming after us and I’m the team leader so I have to be responsible, except I don’t know what
I’m doing and I’m going to do it wrong but I have to do it anyway and I’m just, really, really
under a lot of pressure at the moment.”

Oh. My stubborn good mood cracked and I felt guilty, suddenly, for relying on her and not
noticing how hard she was finding it. She was twelve, remember. This was her first c-rank
and she shouldn’t be on it - she should’ve been sent home the moment Tazuna revealed that
there were more enemy nin coming after him. We all should’ve been. If I hadn’t been so
caught up in following the path canon laid out then maybe I would’ve stopped to consider
that before blithely agreeing to continue.

“You’re hurt?” Naruto asked, homing in on the important statement. “What - Sakura-chan,
why didn’t you say? Where? How bad is it?” He tossed me my first aid kit and started
digging through Sakura’s own bag for hers, completely upsetting the neat organisation of her
stuff as he did so.

“No, not - not badly,” she said, reaching over to pull the bag out of his reach. “I just punched
too hard. My shoulder aches, it’s not actually hurt. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.” She
took a deep breath and let it out again slowly. “I’m fine.”

“I have a heat pack,” I offered. Taking painkillers while still on duty was risky, it was far too
easy to ignore your limits and turn a minor injury into a major one, but heat packs were safe
enough. And I almost wanted to reason that we wouldn’t be attacked again until Zabuza had
recovered, but… But. Think about that later, we’re helping Sakura at the moment. “And you
are good at it. We should’ve realised you were stressed, but I don’t think you have to worry
about doing it wrong.”
  She shot me a small smile as Naruto nodded frantically in the background. “Thanks, Sasuke-
  kun. I’m ok. I’m… I hope Kakashi-sensei wakes up soon, is all.”

  And that was about my limit of feelings for one conversation, so I said an awkward, “Yeah,
  me too,” and pulled my torn shirt over my head to end the conversation. It was only when I
  heard Sakura’s muffled eep that I remembered that taking my shirt off involved being
  undressed in company and I tried to angle myself away to hide how red my ears were when I
  emerged. Aborting and redressing would have been worse - also, wet clothes - so I continued
  with my original plan and inspected the tear as though nothing was wrong. It was a pretty
  clean cut, I should be able to sew it back together without any problem. Well, no, it was full
  of river (don’t think) and bits of blood, but that would wash out, and the important thing was
  that the fabric was tough enough that it hadn’t frayed and wouldn’t need a massive patch to
  fix it.

  As for the actual cut on the side of my chest… It wasn’t that bad. Butterfly plasters would
  hold it, which was good; I had no problem sewing my shirt up but I didn’t fancy sewing me
  up. After that, I’d just have to be careful rotating my torso and maybe rely on my right arm
  for a bit to give my left side a rest. I hesitated, one hand pressed against it, then grit my teeth.
  “Naruto, can you help me with the bandage? I can’t reach.”

  “Um, I can try,” he said. “You just tie it in a knot, right?”

  I stared. Sakura stared. “You’re lucky you have a healing factor,” I said, and shook my head.
  It was only a chest. Boy chest. Boys went shirtless all the time. “Sakura, can you help me
  with the bandage?”

  “Yes!” she squeaked, ridiculously high pitched and ridiculously red in the face. I huffed and
  gave Naruto my best bitch face.

  “Learn first aid,” I commanded.



Chapter End Notes



    Kakashi: where the hell is Sasuke i need to end this fight and save him
    Zabuza: where the hell is Haku i need him to end this fight and save me

    Also, side note that Sakura is actually thirteen at this point. Sasuke on the other hand is
    twelve, and has put the other two squarely as "similar age but obviously younger than
    me because I'm an adult right" so. Everyone's twelve. Y'know.
                                       Chapter 10: Wave arc: III
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I stole Naruto’s jacket again for my watch that night. He didn’t say anything, too busy
   crawling into the futon I’d just vacated and dropping into an exhausted sleep after his own
   stint on lookout. Maybe we should slow down on abusing his clones - he was, technically,
   covering three times as many shifts as we were, and even though it looked effortless from the
   outside to make clones and keep them active for hours on end, neither Sakura nor I really
   knew what it was costing him. He had a lot of chakra, true, but wasn’t there also a mental
   component involved?

   I rested my chin on my knees and stared out from my perch on the roof of the house. Maybe.
   I didn’t know. I hadn’t known all that much about the Naruto world to begin with, and I’d
   muddled in far too much fanon with my canon to really trust myself on the finer details. It’s
   why I was hesitant to act too much on my former knowledge and try and change things, at
   least in part.

   Well, no, that sounds far too honourable and sensible. I wasn’t acting on my former
   knowledge because I was scared people would see I wasn’t who I was meant to be, and
   because the closer I followed the script the more assurance I’d have that I, and to a lesser
   extent everyone around me, would survive.

   Except… I nearly hadn’t. I’d known what was coming, I’d done what I thought canon-Sasuke
   did, and I’d nearly died because I wasn’t good enough to pull it off. I’d changed some things,
   sure; we were tree walking earlier than we should be, Sakura was team leader and Naruto was
   using clones with a casualness that I didn’t think he originally had, I was slotting into a
   different role than canon-Sasuke’s lone hero carries the team mentality would have allowed
   for. We still came to Wave, though. Still faced the demon chunin brothers or whatever they
   were called, Kakashi still took Zabuza down with his sharingan and fainted of chakra
   exhaustion afterwards.

   But I’d nearly died. I didn’t have the fire jutsu I was meant to have. I wasn’t even fire, what
   kind of failed Uchiha did that leave me as? I’d freaked out when I went underwater and
   needed rescuing - by an enemy. If Haku wasn’t so soft hearted, would the others have found
   me in time? I thought Kakashi was invincible. He didn’t leave teammates behind. He wasn’t
   meant to let me almost drown.

   I shivered, and sent out another sweep of kawarimi chakra. I needed to get better at
   identifying the things I felt with it; at the moment I could pick up the roof, the outline of the
   house and what I knew to be a raised balcony at the back, and an uneven mostly-flat terrain
   around it. The still patch that gave slightly when I pressed it was probably water, and the
   oddly spiky thing that I accidentally knocked over was… a branch? A potted plant? Without
   being able to see it to confirm, I wasn’t sure.
I wanted to assure myself that we wouldn’t be attacked, not until Zabuza recovered and
staged his dramatic last stand on the bridge, but. Relying on canon just wasn’t as appealing
anymore. My plot armour was flimsier than I thought. Realistically, we should never have
come to Wave - Kakashi should probably have turned us back when the mission rating went
up, and even if he hadn’t, I should’ve. Zabuza was a surprise to everyone else, but he wasn’t
a surprise to me. I should’ve known better.

And Haku. He saved me. What was I meant to say to that? Thank you for my life, allow me
to introduce you to my sensei, he’s going to shove a ball of lightning through your chest and
then stand back while your whatever Zabuza is to you goes and commits suicide by mob out
of grief? I couldn’t. Could I? I’d had vague ideas about swooping in and saving the day, sure.
Anyone who’s watched Naruto knows that those two got the short end of the stick and
probably didn’t deserve dying like that, but we were ninja. People died all the time. Having
enemies remove themselves from the equation was a good thing, it meant less people around
trying to remove you.

But Haku hadn’t let me die. I buried myself deeper in Naruto’s jacket, taking advantage of
the fact that it was too broad across the shoulder. The orange was oddly comforting. What
would Naruto do? It was his story.

He’d save them both. That wasn’t a fair question.

What would I do? If the series was called Sasuke instead of Naruto? It was Naruto’s story in
canon, but this was my self insert. I’d been doing a pretty shitty job of being a hero so far,
but… what would I do?



It took four days for Kakashi to recover. Chakra exhaustion wasn’t a common thing,
particularly not among genin, so none of us knew exactly how to treat it and it was something
of a relief when he finally blinked himself awake.

Also, sponge baths. I was tempted to leave him as he was because he’d almost let me drown,
but at the same time, ergh. Not that the sponge bath itself was much less ergh. I avoided
looking as much as possible and mostly concentrated on getting the river out his hair and
ensuring that he wasn’t in danger of bed sores - I had no idea how long it took them to
develop, but I knew they were a thing and if my grandma was to be believed (which she was,
in all things) then they were a thing that sucked ass, so. Also, speaking of hair, I totally called
it. Split ends everywhere.

Anyway, it was a relief when he woke up and started hobbling his own self round on
crutches. It was even a relief to hear him praise Sakura for her caution in keeping permanent
surveillance going, even if the way he laid out that Zabuza was still alive was fairly ominous.

“You can do that with senbon?” Sakura asked, leaning forwards on the rock she was sat on.
We were down by the river, far enough away from anyone who might overhear that we could
talk freely about the mission. “How come they aren’t taught in the academy?”
“Putting someone into a fake-death state is dangerous,” he cautioned. “If your senbon is
slightly too deep or if it’s thrown at the wrong angle, or if your target moves in a way you
didn't predict, you could either kill them or not affect them at all.”

“That’s true of everything, though,” I pointed out. “We’re ninja, we deal with dangerous all
the time. If it’s a useful skill, we should know how to use it.”

He raised an eyebrow. “There aren’t many in Konoha who fight with senbon,” he said, “And
those that do are usually kunoichi.”

I scowled. Really? “I’m good at throwing things. Screw your gender norms. Teach me.”

“Ah, Sasuke, you misunderstand. I can’t teach you because I don’t know how, not because I
don’t want to.” He smiled, leaning forwards on his crutch and making a move to mess up my
hair. Thankfully, he was still slow and invalided, and I took shameless advantage by dodging
out of reach. “Your disregard for - what did you say? Gender norms is cute though. No
wonder all the ladies love you!”

“I liked you better when you were unconscious,” I said, then startled as his clone got my hair
from behind. Seriously, wasn’t he meant to be recovering from exhaustion? Why was he
wasting chakra on a shadow clone just to mess with me. Why.

“Maa, but I do need to teach you something though. Listen up, kidlets!”

Naruto and Sakura practically sprang to attention.

“Is it a jutsu?” Naruto asked. “We know our elements now, you have to teach us a really cool
wind jutsu, believe it! And,” he added hastily, looking back at me and Sakura, “And earth
jutsu and water jutsu. Believe it!”

No. No water jutsu. Genjutsu. Piss off.

“It’s a jutsu technique,” Kakashi said. “Similar to tree climbing, and one that you’ll find very
useful while we’re here. Watch.” He hobbled over to the edge of the river, then bypassed the
path and kept going straight over the water. Interestingly, it wasn’t just his sandals that stood
on the surface like a solid object, but also the feet of his crutches. Was he directing his chakra
through the wood? Or creating a separate disk of it just to cover where the crutches hit the
water and holding it unconnected to his body?

“Water walking,” he said once he was a good metre or two out from the bank. “The same as
tree climbing, except instead of using your chakra to stick to things, you need to expel it in a
constant stream from your feet to push yourself off the water.”

“But Sensei, won’t pushing the water just move it aside and make you sink?” Sakura asked,
frowning as she tried to work out the mechanics.

“If you push too hard, yes - it’s very easy to get water walking wrong and fall in, and you’ll
probably all do that multiple times today.” He tilted his head and smiled, and I got a bad
feeling. “Which is why, before anyone tries water walking, I want you all to demonstrate to
me that you can swim.”

The bad feeling crystalised into a lead weight in my stomach. No. I couldn’t. No, that was a
lie, I could swim - I used to be good at it, I used to love it, I used to be a confident swimmer
and take risks I really shouldn’t have taken and that was the whole problem - but there was a
big difference between ‘can swim’ and ‘can hold off panicking long enough not to drown’
and, just at the moment, I really didn’t want to.

“Of course we can swim!” Naruto protested. “We’re ninja, Kakashi-sensei. We can all swim.”

“Sasuke?” Kakashi asked, looking at me steadily. He wasn’t even bothering to wait for
Sakura’s response. He knew I was the only one likely to have trouble. Had he seen my
spectacular failure while we were fighting Zabuza? If he had, why hadn’t he rescued me?

A sudden thought gripped me. What would he do if I said no? Being able to fight on or near
water was a basic ninja requirement. Can hold a kunai, can follow orders, can manage not to
freak out at the first sign of wet - he’d already seen me reject ninjutsu because I wasn’t a fire
type. My faults were piling up, and I wasn't like Lee, I couldn’t claim to be strong enough in
other areas to make up for them.

What use was a sharingan to someone too weak to be a ninja? No use. Poor distribution of
resources. Likely to be remedied post haste. Even if Kakashi was more worried about me
putting the other two at risk, being benched would still be a death sentence for me.

“I can swim,” I said, tilting my chin up in challenge.

His shoulders dropped a fraction and his mouth thinned. I could see it through the mask.
Either I knew him better, or he wasn’t bothering to hide his expressions as much as he used
to. I set my jaw and refused to back down. “You wanted a demonstration, right? I can
demonstrate. Where do you want me to swim to?”

“Sasuke,” he said tiredly, and I channeled all my fear into being blindingly angry. I pulled off
my shirt in sharp, jerky movements, throwing it roughly behind me so at least one thing
would remain dry, and strode out to the river. I could swim. I could be shirtless. I could do
anything.

“Where do you want me to swim to, sensei?” I repeated. The water hit my sandals, soaking
my socks, then up to hems of my trousers and above my knees. It was cold. It was cold, it
was wet, I was fucked if I’d let it stop me. I pushed against the resistance and kept walking.

“Sasuke, stop.” His gaze darted down to the bandages still round my chest and I swear he
winced. “I know you can’t swim.”

“You don’t know shit -”

“I know that being stuck underwater is your worst fear. It’s what you saw when I used the
hell viewing genjutsu on you. I know that it’s rare for a main-branch Uchiha to be a water-
type, and I know that sufficiently traumatic experiences happening to someone with a still
developing chakra system can influence how their chakra turns out. I know what it looks like
when things haven’t healed, even if there’s nothing visible from the outside.” I flinched at
each accusation, one step away from crossing my arms defensively and hunching in to
protect myself. “And, Sasuke, I know how dangerous it can be to keep things secret.”

“You don’t know shit,” I repeated miserably. Hatake Suppress-my-trauma-till-it-nearly-kills-
me Kakashi, lecturing someone on keeping secrets. How did those years hiding in ANBU
turn out for you, sensei? What was it, three hours a day you spend moping over the memorial
stone? Four? Fuck off and leave me alone.

“What I don’t know is why,” he continued as if I hadn’t spoken. “And if you don’t tell me,
then I can’t help you.” And if he couldn’t fix me, then I was done. I got it. I grit my teeth and
stared at the water clinging round my waist and didn’t answer.

“Sasuke, please,” he said quietly. “If you won’t talk to me, then talk to someone. Sakura.
Naruto. Anyone.”

“We won’t tell anyone else,” Sakura said, and I did hunch in on myself then. I’d forgotten she
was there.

“Yeah, bastard. You can count on us,” Naruto chimed in. “Because we’re a team, right? We’ll
look after you.”

“I don’t need looking after,” I bit out, but even I could admit it was a pathetic attempt. I was
half underwater, wet, friggin cold and what was visible of me was either naked or bandaged. I
couldn’t even look at them. Any second now Naruto would crack out his therapy no jutsu and
I’d be converted, spilling my deepest fears in a dramatic, flash-back filled monologue while
mournful music played in the background. It was inevitable, and all my resentment at
Kakashi for pushing me to this point suddenly switched to Naruto.

I didn’t want to be another stepping stone on his path to becoming a great hero. My life
wasn’t a character development opportunity for someone else. Fuck that. If I was going to be
humiliated like this, it should at least happen on my terms.

I looked up from the water to glare at Naruto and straightened my shoulders. “I died,” I said
bluntly. “My brother killed me. He killed my whole clan, I wasn’t special. The only
difference was he held me in a genjutsu when he did it so it didn’t stick.” Someone made a
wounded noise and I ignored them and kept talking. “It’s called Tsukuyomi. One second in
the real world is three days in the genjutsu world, and he had complete control. He looped it,
and I watched him kill everyone, and then he stabbed me and I drowned and it started again.”
Naruto was white-faced, mouth dropping open in shock. I wanted to keep going, to twist the
knife deeper - you wanted me to talk? Then listen - but I broke off with a disgusted tch and
shifted my gaze to Kakashi instead.

“I can swim. I need to learn water walking. If you want to help, great. Teach me. Otherwise
I’m fine.”

He closed his eye, leaning heavily on his crutches and looking pained. How dare he, I
thought. How dare - who the hell gave him the right? It was my life. I lived it. Even if it
wasn’t meant to be my life it was now. No one ever bothered to care before, they just
abandoned me in my creepy murder house and was it any pissing wonder that the original
Sasuke went batshit and tried to desert and kill them all, I was going to desert just as soon as
Itachi was in range and everyone else could go fuck themselves and leave me to it.

“Ok,” I said when he didn’t answer. I nodded, and took a step back. My sandals had sunk into
the bottom of the river while I’d been standing there, and I nearly stumbled as the mud
tugged back on them. “Ok. No worries. See you later.”

“Sasuke, wait -”

I grabbed a stone from the edge of the river and switched places with it, pausing just long
enough to pick up my shirt from the ground and pull it over my head. “Hope the water
walking goes well,” I told Sakura and Naruto without looking at them, and used another
kawarimi to pull myself blindly into the forest. I landed up a tree, next to a splintered area of
the trunk where I’d apparently just ripped off a branch, and dropped straight into a loping run
through the canopy towards where Naruto’s clone was on watch.

“Hey, bastard!” he greeted cheerfully. “What happened to you? Why’re you all wet?”

I threw a shuriken in answer and dispelled him, then settled myself into a tightly huddled
crouch in the tree fork he’d been sitting in. I didn’t want to think. I didn’t want to talk to
anyone. I wanted to sit here on watch and spread out my chakra as far as it could go and try
to work out if the moving things I sensed were squirrels, sparrows, or really small enemy
ninja.

I wanted to go home and cry on someone. I wanted my grandma. I wanted my brother. I
wanted a lot of things.

“Sucks to be you then, doesn’t it,” I told myself, and buried my head in my knees. “Shit
happens. Sucks to be you.”



I don’t actually know how long I spent on watch. I don’t think it was a ridiculously long time,
but I also wasn’t paying attention for most of it. It was lucky that we weren’t attacked. I’d
probably have registered an enemy as a big rabbit and watched them gambol merrily past on
their way to slaughter the innocent. Because, you know, my chakra sense was as crappy as
the rest of my skills, and couldn’t actually detect chakra.

I didn’t know how to go back. That’s the problem with dramatic exits; either you stay in
permanent exile or you slink back with shame-faced apologies, there’s no inbetween. It’s
about as far from a power move as it’s possible to get. And the thing was, I did actually need
to learn how to water walk. And, if I had to admit it to myself, I needed to learn how not to
be incapacitated every time I went underwater. Or got caught in a genjutsu - if Kakashi could
stick me in a hell viewing technique when he was about the furthest thing from a genjutsu
expert, then I’d be screwed if I ever went up against someone good at illusions.
I just… didn’t want to go through the learning. It was going to be hard. I was going to hate it.
In my animal hind brain I knew that water was bad and the safest thing to do was to stay
away from it, and getting my instinctive fear response to chill the fuck out while I went
against that sound logic was something way beyond my ability to actually do.

Yeah. Sure. Fine. I was afraid. If you thought I’d managed to hide that from anyone,
congratulations, you were wrong. Now that the anger had burnt out, I was left with a whole
bundle of fears, ranging from the fact that I’d messed up the team to the fact that I’d messed
up canon to the fact that my biggest weakness was now out there for people to act on and use
against me. Not that I thought they would, given that my team were the only ones who knew.
Team and Haku. At least, I didn’t rationally think they would, but I also didn't think
rationally, so.

But, after however long it was that I was on watch, the main thing I was left with was a bone-
deep exhaustion. I hadn’t changed out of my wet clothes and I’d been too upset to get the
immolation jutsu to work, so I was damp, cold, and completely drained. My socks were
going to give me blisters if I didn’t change them for fresh ones. Ironic, given that the reason
that I broke tradition and wore socks in the first place was because the sandals were weird
and uncomfortable without them.

“Hell, I’m a mess,” I mumbled, tipping my head back against the tree. “Where’s Plushie-tan
when you need him. I told him I’d go nuts if he wasn’t there to talk to.”

“Sasuke-kun?”

Sakura. I stared up at the leaves for a second, wondering if she’d go away if I didn’t answer.
In the end though she’d either find me anyway or send one of the boys, and if I was honest
she was probably the least objectionable person to talk to at the moment.

One of the boys. You are a boy. Focus, dipshit.

“Up here,” I said. I waited for her to walk up to the branch below, then asked, “Your turn to
be on watch?”

She shook her head, movements slow and eyes carefully not looking away from me. Like I
was a skittish cat who’d bolt if she raised her voice.

Stop it, I chided myself. I had bolted. She could look at me however she wanted.

“Kakashi-sensei’s taking patrol for the night,” she said. “He’s checking the perimeter, us
three get a night off.”

I hnned in acknowledgement. Then, before the awkwardness could get any worse, “I’m
sorry.”

“What? Sasuke-kun, no -”

“I shouldn’t have left like that,” I said, talking over her. “Kakashi was right to bring it up. My
failures put the team at risk, I shouldn’t have got mad when he pointed it out.”
She bit her lip, eyes big in the semi-darkness. It had been cloudy all day and with the trees
overhead I hadn’t been able to see the sky, but I realised that it had actually started to get dark
without me realising. Huh.

“You know that isn’t what he meant, right?” she said. I looked back at her blankly. “Sasuke-
kun… he wasn’t trying to blame you for anything. None of us blame you.”

“I never said you did.”

“Then you know we want to help you, right? If you want us to,” she hurried to add, and I
wondered what had shown on my face. I didn’t know if I wanted to be helped. I’d rather not
be in a position of needing help to begin with. “Because you’re you, not because you’re part
of the team. Well, I mean, you are part of the team, but we want you to be happier for your
sake, not just to make the team stronger. Because you’re you.”

There was too much to unpack and I was too tired, so I just left it and changed the subject.
“Thanks, Sakura. Maybe you should try for Hokage instead of Naruto, you’ve got this
leadership business down.”

She made a frustrated huff and frowned at me. “I’m not being a leader,” she said. “I’m being
a friend. Tsunami-san made dinner, if you want some.”

I was left staring at the empty space she left as she hopped down to the ground, completely
blindsided. I didn’t… know what to do? It took me off guard enough that my social anxiety
fought with my exhaustion and won. How did people respond to unsolicited offers of
friendship? If that even counted as an offer. Was I meant to reciprocate and say I was a friend
too? I didn’t think I was a friend. How would I know? Hell, it was Ayame's mochi box all
over again. Maybe I could do the same thing, hide it in the back of the cupboard and pretend
it’d never happened. It worked for the mochi box.

My stomach grumbled at the mention of food though, so whatever I did would wait until after
dinner. I dropped out of the tree and didn’t even have to jog to catch up with her, she’d been
walking that slowly. I watched her warily, waiting for whatever bombshell she wanted to
drop on me next, but she just smiled and increased her pace to a normal speed.

O...kay then?

“Sasuke-bastard!” Naruto practically yelped in greeting when we turned up. “You’re back!
Did you -” I wasn’t looking at Sakura, so I don’t know what she did, but Naruto’s eyes
flicked to her then back to me and he abruptly changed course. “Uh, want, some, um soup?
It’s miso soup. You like miso soup. It’s tasty. Not as tasty as ramen but it’s still tasty.”

“Stop,” I said, vaguely bewildered by the rapid fire statements. “How did you ever pull a
prank on anyone, you’re the least subtle person I’ve ever met.”

He sniffed, and here I couldn’t actually tell if he was being over dramatic or if this was his
genuine reaction. “I have hidden depths,” he informed me. “Eat your soup.”
For want of anything better to do, I sat down, said thank you to Tsunami for dinner, and ate
my soup. Sakura claimed the chair next to me and Naruto was opposite. Kakashi, I noticed,
was nowhere to be seen. Sakura must’ve been serious about him being on patrol.

There was an oddly fragile atmosphere to the evening. Tazuna filled it with his normal
chatter, and Tsunami and Sakura both nodded along and made correct listening-but-not-
really-participating noises to keep things from feeling awkward. Inari appeared briefly to give
us all our daily dose of nihilism and Naruto managed to suppress his usual loud response in
favour of asking Tazuna something about cement. He was still trying to learn how
construction worked; as useful as his clones could be for a large scale building project, they
weren’t actually helpful unless he knew what he was doing. Seeing as Tazuna’s team was a
well-oiled machine - even if most of them were on the older end of the spectrum, Gato
having… discouraged the younger population - he was more often underfoot than not, and
had been banned from the bridge until he could prove himself worthy of builder status.
Luckily, Tazuna was more than happy to pass on his knowledge; unluckily, his teaching style
was as erratic and ambitious as his blueprints. It was a work in progress.

I didn’t participate in any of the conversation, which wasn’t actually unusual. The way
Sakura and Naruto were watching-not-watching me though, that was new. I’d look up from
my plate and suddenly a bowl of rice and pickled vegetables had appeared in front of me.
Look over at Naruto, and he was focussed on Tazuna’s description of how harbour chains
worked with a studied intensity that bordered on frightening. Look back at Sakura and she
just so happened to glance over at me with a distracted smile at that exact moment, then
resume trying to convince Tsunami to let her help clear up.

The whole thing was odd. Also my fault, so I didn’t say anything and just went along with it,
but still odd. Not that I’d known what to expect. Not that I’d been expecting anything at all,
really. I’d just blown up and stormed out without thinking, because why not.

The deliberately light hearted tone continued when we left the table and went up to our room.
Tazuna’s house wasn’t big enough for us to have separate rooms but it was no big deal to
share; there was a private area to get changed, and it was actually more comforting to sleep
together as a team than have Sakura as the one girl in a separate room.

Was it socially acceptable, I wondered, to ask people why they were being so nice? Probably
not. It probably counted as fishing for compliments, or some other thing I wasn’t meant to do.
It felt rude though not to acknowledge what they were doing, even if I didn’t understand it,
but just coming out with “Thank you for not being dicks about my childhood trauma” seemed
a bit passive aggressive, so. Should I ask about the water walking training they did, or…?

I settled for an awkward wave on the way to the shower. I wasn’t even hiding, I was just
genuinely getting clean - and putting on my pyjamas, if we had a night without needing to be
up for patrol then I was making the most of it and more fool the other two if they hadn’t
brought theirs - and I scrubbed as quickly as I could so as not to block the bathroom for the
rest of the house. I even quick-dried my hair, towelling it roughly instead of leaving it to air
dry or carefully patting out the moisture like I usually did. It left everything ridiculously
fluffy and staticky, but it took less time, so. Fluffy hair was fine.
Sakura was carefully combing hers out when I got back to the room, apparently halfway
through explaining to Naruto why she wasn’t going to copy his sexy no jutsu form and put it
up in bunches.

“Why not?” he asked, throwing his hands up. “You said you wanted it out of your face, and
they’re really cute!”

“For little girls! And how exactly are bunches out of my face, they’re more in the way than
having it loose.”

“Sakura-chan, that doesn’t make any sense.”

“Why don’t you braid it?” I suggested. Had I seen many braids on ninja? Had I seen many
braids on anyone? For such a useful hairstyle, they seemed surprisingly overlooked.

The conversation - argument? - ground to a halt as soon as I spoke. I tensed as they both
looked at me. Stupid. I forgot, and now everything was back to being super careful and non-
threatening again. “Sorry,” I said, looking away and making a beeline for my futon.

“Braids are a great idea, Sasuke-kun!” Sakura said with far too much enthusiasm. “I’d love to
braid it. I just don’t know how, so I was thinking of something else.”

And, because I hadn’t finished making everything supremely awkward for everyone
involved, I said, “I could show you?”

Why. Do I do the things I do.

“Um, ok,” she said, looking about as wrong-footed as I felt. “Thank you, Sasuke-kun.”
Naruto was squinting between us with his prime confused but waiting to see how it plays out
expression on, and both of us elected to ignore him.

“Ok. Right, then.” I knelt down behind her, and hoped I wasn’t blushing. She was definitely
blushing. Kami please tell me this wasn’t secretly a romantic fantasy or something, I didn’t
need it to be weirder than it already was. “Do you have a tie?”

She handed me a small elastic from her weapons pouch, proving once again that only a
fraction of hair ties are ever actually used for tying hair up. I gathered her hair behind her
head and tried not to let my fingers actually touch her, split it into sections, and started
braiding. Functional, professional, just one teammate showing another a new skill, that’s all it
was.

Halfway through I found myself relaxing, the repetitive movements bringing up memories of
doing this with friends from my old world. Her hair was surprisingly soft for a ninja, and too
short at the front to pull back into a simple braid. I left some strands of her fringe loose
instead and gathered the rest in a couple of smaller braids to merge into the larger one later,
passing them forward for her to hold until I could bring everything together and finish off
with the tie.
“Done,” I said, rocking back on my heels and surveying it with a critical eye. It was pretty.
I’d’ve killed for hair like Sakura’s before; mine had been too curly for fancy styles and too
dry to risk bleaching, pink and straight was a dream I could never have hoped to achieve.

She raised a curious hand to it, running her fingers over the braids. Naruto handed her a
mirror (orange, and therefore probably a clone) before she could ask, and I retreated back to
my futon as she examined herself. “Thank you, Sasuke-kun,” she said, this time much softer
and less unsure than before. “It looks great. I love it.”

I waved her off, not willing to let my current calm turn unsettled again. “You’re welcome. It’s
no trouble.”

“Hey bastard, do me! Do me next!”

I will fight you for my zen, Naruto. “Your hair’s even shorter than mine. There isn’t enough
to braid.”

He put his hands together in a familiar seal. “Sexy no jutsu! Now do me, I have loads of
hair!”

“Naruto, you can’t use that jutsu!” Sakura hissed. I think it’s only the fact that we were in
someone else’s house that stopped her slamming him through the floor.

He wrinkled his nose. On his currently female face, it looked unbearably cute. Sakura was
right though - the pigtails he’d chosen were very little girl, which was slightly odd on
Naruto’s curvy, several years older body. Was it concerning? Should I be concerned? Didn’t
he teach this jutsu to Konohamaru at some point?

“Why?” he asked. “You’re a girl and the bastard doesn’t care. I’m still wearing my jimjams,
so what’s the problem?”

“Jimjams,” I repeated. “Jimjams. Naruto what the fuck.”

“He probably does care, he’s just too polite to say so! Right, Sasuke-kun? It’s weird when a
guy suddenly turns into a hot girl!”

They both looked at me. I floundered. Naruto called pyjamas jimjams and Sakura thought his
girl form was hot. Surely we were learning more about them than about me at that moment.
“Um,” I said. “I don’t mind? Whatever makes you comfortable.”

“See!” Naruto crowed, pointing vigorously in triumph. Sakura made a strangled sound and
crossed her own arms over her chest as though Naruto would psychically get the message
that his pyjama top - sorry, his jimjam top wasn’t providing sufficient support. “The bastard’s
fine with it!”

“The bastard’s going to bed,” I said, and lay down decisively. “Night.”

“What - hey, wait! You didn’t do my hair!”
  “I’ll do it tomorrow night if you still want me to. Sleep.” Who knew when we’d get a full
  uninterrupted night again, Kakashi couldn’t take solo watch all the time. I was going to make
  the most of it, damn it, even if I had to spend the entire time with my pillow over my head to
  achieve it.



Chapter End Notes



    Hatake Suppress-my-trauma-till-it-nearly-kills-me Kakashi
    Hatake Only-alive-because-Gai-was-too-stubborn-to-give-up Kakashi
    Hatake Lost-my-entire-team-and-refused-to-take-another-till-now Kakashi
    Hatake Almost-got-my-genin-killed-on-his-first-mission Kakashi
    Hatake Kakashi
                                       Chapter 11: Wave arc: IV
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Kakashi was still on watch the next morning. At least, we assumed he was; he didn’t turn up
   for breakfast, and he hadn’t left any instructions. It wasn’t impossible that he’d been
   horrifically wounded in the middle of the night and was now bleeding out with no backup,
   but surely he’d’ve left a note.

   “I guess we… train?” Sakura suggested. “If we stay near the bridge we can keep an eye on
   Tazuna, and Naruto can leave a clone for the house.”

   “Works for me,” Naruto said, poofing a clone into existence without bothering to take his
   arms out from behind his head. The clone gave a jaunty salute and bounced off to the roof,
   calling a trio of extra clones as it went for greater patrol coverage.

   … There was something mildly terrifying about the way Naruto casually spammed clones,
   when you thought about it. Worse was the fact that neither he nor Sakura realised how
   exceptional he was. They were getting a very skewed idea of normal chakra limits.

   “Hn,” I said for want of anything better to add, and followed the other two down towards the
   bridge. Sakura kept fiddling with the end of the braid she’d kept in from last night and
   occasionally blushing, but other than that we seemed to have moved past the awkward
   atmosphere. It was probably my imagination that they were walking a bit closer than usual,
   and I scowled and told myself to get a grip.

   I had a full day of no sugar lined up, and barely any fruit leather left. That was a safer
   problem to focus on.

   Tazuna accosted us with blueprints as soon as we arrived. “Identify the keystone and suggest
   a suitable material!” he demanded, shoving the papers in Naruto’s face.

   “Wha - you haven’t taught me anything about keystones!”

   “Then how do you expect to be a builder, huh? Trick question! This is a suspension bridge,
   we’re not using keystones!”

   “Ah, It’s ok, Tazuna-san,” Sakura said, pulling Naruto back before he could shout a response.
   “We’re not going to get in the way of your team, we’re just going to be doing some training
   by the water. We’ll stay close so we can guard you, but we promise not to interfere.”

   “Not to interfere, huh?” He scratched at his cheek. “Well, why not? If you just learnt a bit
   faster you could be useful. Think of the things I could build with an army of ninjas on hand!”

   I opened my mouth to protest that that’s not what ninjas were for, then I remembered d-ranks
   and shut it again. Who was I kidding, if Tazuna had the money then that was exactly what
ninjas were for. Or genin, at least. The high stakes life-or-death battles that people were
accustomed to imagining only really happened to jounin, most ninja were used for
infrastructure and cheap labour.

Well, jounin and genin who happened to be main characters, but those were minor details.

We went down to the river bank under the bridge, aiming for a patch that had larger rocks by
a deeper bit of water and avoiding the worst of the mud. The other two faltered when we
reached it, glancing back at me guiltily.

“You should practice,” I said, flicking my gaze away. “Water walking is important, you need
to learn it.”

“Yeah, but what about you, bastard?”

I wrinkled my nose. “I need to learn it too. I just…” I didn’t want to finish that sentence so I
shrugged and changed what I was going to say. “I want to try some more things with wire. I
think I can move it with my chakra if I concentrate.”

“You could try water walking by the shore?” Sakura offered. “It’s not hard to start. Sensei
just said to push our chakra out to make a surface to stand on, but also pull it to keep it
stable.”

“That’s it?” I asked. It didn’t seem like much instruction, but a lot of ninja teaching involved
working things out for yourself, so I supposed I shouldn’t be surprised.

She nodded. “Then he left to go on patrol. It’s easier if you do it further out because the
water’s flatter, but if you stay near the edge then… it could be better?” She trailed off, clearly
uncomfortable bringing up my inability to swim. I tried to hold back my instinctive grimace;
it wasn’t her fault I was such a mess, and she was actually being tactful in how she talked
about it.

“Maybe,” I said instead, and sat down on a rock to start messing with a length of ninja wire.
Thankfully she and Naruto took the hint and left me to it.

And I had been at least partially truthful. I’d noticed when reaching out for things with my
chakra that I could, sometimes, move them. Not with any precision and not consistently, but
if I concentrated then I could tug something towards myself, or if I pressed too hard trying to
sense something I could sometimes knock it over. Small things, fairly light and with not
much resistance, but wire was hardly heavy. In theory I should be able to run my chakra
along it and control where it went. I knew you could buy chakra conductive metal that did
something similar, but given that my kawarimi sense was very much focussed on physical
objects there was no reason I could think of why it wouldn’t work with normal wire.

An hour later, I had at least four reasons, not the least of which being that it was fiddly as
fuck.

“Work, you bugger,” I growled at the length of wire in front of me, and reached out to it for
the thousandth time. My chakra refused to run along it so I had to recreate the shape myself
and make it match as much as possible. It was tedious, but doable, at least while the wire was
still on the ground; the problem came when I tried to pick it up. After a lot of trial and error
I’d got it to the stage where I could make it move; I had not, however, got it to the stage
where I could make it move where I wanted. Sometimes it jerked violently up towards my
hand, sometimes it flopped over in a pathetic roll, often one section would go vaguely the
right way and I’d lose my grip on the rest and the whole thing would fall apart.

This time though seemed promising. I’d got the whole wire covered, and was oh so carefully
lifting the end closest to me a fraction off the ground. “Stay,” I told it, inching my way along
and tugging on the next part. “Stay. Don’t do it, stay where I put you - oh fuck you you
ignorant slut.”

I glared balefully at the coiled pile of shame and failure and sat back on my heels. “Progress,”
I muttered sourly to myself. “Definitely progress. Shitty progress, but. Ugh.”

Still, at least I was staying dry. Sakura was doing better than Naruto on that front but both of
them were more than a little soggy. Sakura seemed fine when she was standing still but
hadn’t mastered lifting her feet up, and her cautious crab-walk sliding over the surface was
weirdly distracting to watch. Naruto, on the other hand, was trying a similar approach to tree
walking and taking the whole river at a run. He actually got quite far jesus-lizarding his way
upstream, but he also used so much chakra he was creating waves in his wake that sent
Sakura flying every time he got near her. Which he had done. Twice. She was pissed and it
was hilarious.

“Push and pull, huh?” I said, frowning at them. The wire was doing my head in. I needed a
break. “Push and pull… like a vibration? Do you make a chakra platform, or are you meant to
rely on the surface tension?”

I scooted forward to the edge of my rock and unfolded a leg from underneath me, hovering
my foot just over the surface of the water. I already knew that water felt solid to chakra
because I’d already tried and failed to kawarimi through it, so if I just ignored the fact that it
was a liquid…

“Sasuke,” Kakashi said, and I startled and scrambled back from the water to land in a
defensive crouch.

“I wasn’t swimming,” I blurted. “It’s not deep enough. I just wanted to try.”

“Ah,” he said, frowning down at me in confusion. He blinked and visibly put my reaction out
of mind, then dropped into an untidy squat next to me. “I have a jutsu for you. Watch.”

And, before I could even register that statement enough to be surprised, he started running
through hand seals. Confused but intrigued, I watched; he performed them slowly enough for
me to follow, rat dragon boar snake dog -

“Sensei, that’s a water jutsu. I’m going to be a genjutsu specialist.”

“Watch,” he repeated, and did them again, faster this time and finishing on the dog to mark it
as a water technique. He brought the final seal up to his chin and breathed over the backs of
his hands, creating what looked like a thin glass bubble that stretched to cover his face. When
he lowered his hands they passed through it and it seemed to disappear, though from the faint
shimmer as he tilted his head I guessed it was just invisible.

“You see?” he asked, and yes, the bubble was definitely still there because his voice sounded
muffled and distorted. I nodded, and he used an inverse dog seal to dispel the technique.

“Ok. Copy.”

“Right, ok, apparently it’s don’t use sentences day,” I mumbled. He thwapped me on the
head, moving fast enough that I didn’t have a chance to duck, and glared at me until I went
through the seals. I hesitated over the last one and didn’t actually push the chakra through to
complete it. “What does it do?”

“It’s a variant of a poison filtering technique. The chakra forms a solid barrier around your
face which neither air nor liquids can pass through. It lasts indefinitely, but in practice you
only have a couple of minutes of air before you pass out.”

I frowned, running the explanation through my head again. Why would Kakashi be so
insistent I learn a technique to defend against poison? Was he worried I was going to try and
gasify the poisons I was using on my shuriken and - air. It clicked. Air. “It’s the bubblehead
charm,” I said, wide eyed. He’d given me a jutsu version of the Harry Potter bubblehead
charm to breathe underwater.

Holy fuck, he’d actually tried to fix my drowning problem.

“Bubblehead?” he repeated. “Ah, I suppose it could be. I hadn’t thought of a name yet.”

Holy fuck, he’d created a jutsu to try to fix my drowning problem.

I swallowed around my suddenly dry mouth and dropped my gaze to my hands, bewildered.
What the hell. Why would he - what the hell? Ninja weren’t just protective of their
techniques, they downright hoarded them. Particularly ones they’d developed themselves,
because those were the secret weapons you could pull out that no one would know how to
counter. You didn’t just go and make a brand new jutsu because some idiot kid threw a
tantrum at you then go and give it to them.

I mean, who knew what the idiot kid would do with it. They might abandon you and run
away from the village and join their brother’s terrorist organisation. Who knew.

“Sasuke?” he prompted, and I blinked as I looked up. My eyes were stinging painfully and I
felt small and shaky. I didn’t like it and my first instinct was to scowl and shy away, but on
the other hand, I was still so confused. He'd not rescued me when I was drowning. He'd not
taught me water walking when I asked him to. He'd not - there were a lot of things he'd not
done. But he'd created a jutsu for me. I didn’t understand.

“Right,” I said instead, and brought my hands up again. Whether it made sense or not,
Kakashi had done it, and the jutsu was one I needed. A couple of minutes wasn’t a huge
amount of air, but it was enough. I put everything else out of my mind and focussed on the
hand seals, rat dragon boar snake and blow over the back of the last one - dog.

The chakra was cold as it passed out through my mouth, cold and wet in a way I wasn’t sure
if I was imagining or not. The bubble was cold as well, rippling up my face like someone
dragging an ice cube over my skin, over my lips up to my nose -

I felt a spike of panic as it blocked my nose for a second and the jutsu dispersed. Shit.

“Again,” Kakashi said, back to his one word sentences and watching me intently. I took a
breath to centre myself and gathered my chakra again. Rat dragon boar snake blow dog - ice
cube up the face - nose - fuck.

“Again,” he said, but I was already running through the seals. This time I held my breath
beforehand so I wouldn’t feel it being blocked, and the bubble got as far up as the bridge of
my nose before I lost it.

“Again.”

I grit my teeth and tried again.



It took me the rest of the day to succeed at the bubblehead jutsu. Much as I hated to admit it,
the water chakra was easier to work with than the fire chakra I was used to - it had none of
the loading time I associated with ninjutsu, which I now realised was me converting my
chakra to fire before I could begin using it. But still, chakra was meant to be a warm glow,
alternately fast and flickering or strong and smouldering. Water chakra was cold, running
through me like a chill. It could be just as fast and responsive as fire was - maybe even more
so given how easily it listened to me in comparison, but there was a solidity and weight
behind it that, frankly, I didn’t like.

“Well, tough,” I said, frowning at myself in the bathroom mirror. “It might save your life.
Suck up and deal.”

My reflection frowned back, as bony and short as ever. At least the kunai wound had healed
enough for me to ditch the bandages that morning, so that was one thing I had going for me.

I shook my head in frustration. This was not sucking up and dealing. This was wallowing in
self pity and it needed to stop. I was bony and short but I could tie myself in a pretzel and I
still had more muscles than I’d ever had in my past life. I was fine, I hadn’t been kicked off
the team for being a liability, I had no excuse for, for - moping about things. I was fine,
damnit.

“Fucking mess,” I muttered, and stepped out the bathroom.

“Who were you talking to?” Inari asked, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed in his
normal sullen pout.
“None of your business,” I said. “Why were you eavesdropping? Don’t you have somewhere
else to go be sulky at?”

I wasn’t… good with kids.

“I need to wash my hands,” he said. I rolled my eyes and made to go past him - I could
already hear the others downstairs, dinner was about to start. He didn’t move though,
stubbornly blocking the corridor and squinting up at me. “You don’t look dead.”

What. “What.”

“I heard the other two talking about it yesterday. They said you died. You don’t look dead to
me.” He glared at me as though my lack of a coffin had personally offended him.

“The hell,” I said. “Do you eavesdrop on everyone? It’s still none of your business. I’m
clearly not dead. Move.”

“Dead people don’t come back!” he insisted, and still didn’t move.

Not with that attitude they don’t, I thought, but I bit my tongue and didn’t actually say it. I
didn’t want to drag the conversation out either, as thrilling as it was, nor spill all my secrets to
a whiny pre-human. “My family died,” I said shortly. “I didn’t. Nor am I going to. What I am
going to do is have dinner.” And, because I was a ninja and what was the point in having
these skills if I wasn’t going to use them, I stuck my hand to the ceiling and swung myself
neatly over him to get past.

“You don’t know that,” he said, jogging after me and failing to take the hint. I scowled at
him, but he scowled right back and carried on. “You’re facing Gato. You’re going to die.
You’re all going to die, so what’s the point?”

“Who the fuck said there had to be a point? I’m hungry. That’s why. Go wash your hands.”

“You’re hungry? What kind of stupid reason is that?”

I stopped, just outside the kitchen. He wasn’t going away. Why wasn’t he going away. If he
was waiting for an inspirational speech about heroism, he wasn’t going to get it from me, but
if I didn’t make him stop then he’d snipe at me through dinner and Sakura would get mad at
me for swearing.

So, I turned around and crouched down in the most annoying, patronising way I could. “I like
mochi,” I said. “And ice cream. Dango. Strawberries. If I died, I wouldn’t be able to eat. So, I
fight people who want to kill me, because if I just rolled over and gave up I’d never get
sweets again. Ok? Good. Piss off.”

I gave him a gentle shove backwards to emphasise my point and stood up again.

“That’s it?” he called after me as I finally entered the kitchen. “That’s stupid!”

I waved a lazy hand and didn’t bother turning back. He’d already called it stupid. Get more
creative with your insults, proto-person, they suck.
“What’s stupid?” Naruto asked as I sat down.

“Your face,” I answered, because my insults were barely any more creative than Inari’s, and
hid my satisfied smirk in my tea when he squawked.



Kakashi was on patrol again that night, and though I was slightly worried about his mental
health at this stage - he’d seemed more than a touch frazzled when he was teaching me, and
was also still going round on crutches - I wasn’t going to turn down another chance for
proper sleep. It came with the price of recreating Sakura’s braids on Naruto’s sexy no jutsu
hair, which would have been a lot easier and more relaxing if he was able to sit still. I’m
pretty sure that Sakura was able to follow along and mimic them in her own hair though,
which was the important part.

We took the bridge watch in shifts the next day rather than relying on Naruto’s clones,
because otherwise neither Sakura nor I would actually pull our weight on the mission. Not
that there was much weight to be pulled right at the moment given how quiet everything
seemed, but it was the principle of it. Tazuna wasn’t paying us to practice water walking and
swear at ninja wire.

Although, was he paying us? If this had been the c-rank he’d originally bought we’d be home
by now. I had no idea how the logistics of the mission upgrade worked. Huh.

Anyway. By the end of the day Sakura had water walking mostly down, and by the end of the
next she was going through her katas on the surface almost fast enough to be useful in a fight.
Naruto could run, jump and cartwheel pretty much endlessly, but if he stood still for too long
he slowly sank until the technique failed and he fell in. I’d got the bubblehead charm to a
state where I could summon it practically in my sleep and hold the bubble for a full ninety
seconds before it became too hard to breathe and I dropped it.

And, because I wasn’t going to expand that time with practice - the issue was that I was
breathing in the same air I’d just breathed out, I was both piling up the carbon dioxide and
running through the oxygen and that wasn’t something doing hand seals faster would solve -
I’d also progressed, tentatively, to cautious steps and then even more cautious sprints on the
surface of the water.

In the shallows. We’re talking puddle depth here. I saw no purpose in dumping myself in the
river if I didn’t have to; it was still water walking if there was solid ground two inches below
the surface.

All this, on top of the usual stretches and workouts, limited sleep once Kakashi put us back
on night watches, the occasional spar when one or all of us got sick of training, and being
used as a runner to carry messages around the village for Tazuna. It was exhausting. It was
like Kakashi thought we wouldn’t have the energy to be sad if he used it all up on making us
do drills. Which was potentially valid and potentially working, but still. Exhausting.

And, one afternoon when the bridge was about two thirds done, it was over.
I was on watch, sat at the top of one of the suspension supports with a small orange book in
my lap. The book’d started as an experiment - could Naruto henge into something he’d never
seen? No, was the answer; he could copy the cover of Icha Icha but the pages were blank -
but we realised that it was much less strain for Naruto to receive the memories of a henged
clone than one that had been actively thinking before it dispelled. They were now our early
warning system; dispel the clone, and even if Naruto only got a vague impression of what
was happening he’d know enough to know where you were and that you needed his attention.

I noticed the mist first. It came off the river in waves, some patches thicker, some lighter - it
looked natural. It happened like that sometimes, even during the day if the air was cool
enough. After that came the absence of noise, the hammering and banging and general clatter
fading out as the sounds were absorbed by the mist.

I frowned, leaping down from my perch to land in a near silent crouch. From the bridge level,
the mist looked too thick to be natural, and the sudden chill compared to the warmth of the
air above set my skin prickling with unease.

“Tazuna-san,” I said, walking towards where I knew him to be. The mist swirled around me,
settling in a dense layer up to my knees and creeping over the edge of my vision. I couldn’t
see my feet, and the other bridge builders were little more than shadowy outlines. “Tazuna -
Kakashi?”

The figure in front of me turned, hands in his pockets and eye curved up in a lazy smile.
“Sasuke-kun,” he greeted. “Go and train with the other two, I’ll take the next watch.”

The voice was a perfect match. So was the appearance, even the way he slouched. My eyes
flicked almost imperceptibly up to his hair; Kakashi’s, in this much dampness, would frizz so
badly that some of the front sections would start to spiral out in tiny corkscrew curls. This
man’s hair did not. Henge.

“Hn,” I said in careful non-acknowledgment. “Where are they training?”

“Down by the river. More water walking.” It was more information than I hoped he’d have.
Or she - henge could easily disguise gender. Did it mean someone was watching Naruto and
Sakura? Were they in danger? Gato hadn’t hired any other ninja in the original, but this
scenario didn’t match what I remembered of canon. The building crew were here, for one,
even if they were being eerily quiet.

Not that canon was the beacon of truth I used to think it was, but I couldn't think of any
changes I'd made that would affect Gato's choices.

“See you later, Sensei,” I said, turning with a casual wave. I kept myself loose and
deliberately careless and bent my knees in preparation to leap away. Except, instead of
jumping I sent an illusion clone springing off while I kawarimid with a nearby pebble -
hopefully, the imposter Kakashi would mistake the sound of the pebble as just the sound of
me leaving. I crouched behind what looked like a cement mixer, concentrating on keeping
both my chakra and my heart rate suppressed while I tried to see what was happening.
I only had one Naruto clone. If I dispelled it now, all he’d know was that there was a strange
mist and Kakashi had sent me home - I didn’t know if he’d pick up on the danger. I didn’t
know how much danger there was to pick up on.

Then: Zabuza. He seemed almost to coalesce out of the mist, as though he were some kind of
spirit made out of air and water. My breath caught in my throat. I didn’t need Sakura and
Naruto, I needed Kakashi. The real Kakashi. Where was he? He was meant to be nearby.
How had Zabuza got past?

“You’re too soft,” he scolded the Kakashi imposter. Haku, it had to be Haku. Shit. They
weren’t meant to be here yet. Shit. “Remember the mission.”

Haku dipped his head in a respectful bow. “Yes, Zabuza-sama,” he said. “The workers are
unconscious. When they wake, they will find their tools missing and the bridge builder
dead.”

My mind raced. Gato wanted the bridge stopped, but he also wanted Wave broken so it
wouldn’t disobey again. So why wasn’t he killing the workers? Martyrs, my thoughts
suggested. Gato’s crew was old because they knew it was dangerous, they’d volunteered to
keep the younger members of the town safe. If they died, Gato was turning them into heroes -
whatever Inari thought of it - and the town would rebel against him in their memory. Tazuna
was the kind of batshit brave that could never be cowed, he had to die, and for the rest…
Psychological warfare? The realisation that Gato could have had them killed at any point
would be a heavy one. If they were scared off, there’d be nothing left for Wave to rally
behind.

I needed to get Tazuna out of here.

I also needed backup.

I stabbed a shuriken into the clone book, keeping it pressed against my stomach to try and
hide the smoke and the flare of chakra. I still wanted Naruto to get more information, but I
couldn’t delay any longer - I could only hope he’d heard Haku and Zabuza. As soon as the
clone was gone I moved, sliding soundlessly out from behind the cement mixer and back to
one of the suspension supports. The mist was too thick at bridge level; I needed height. Even
from just a few metres above I could see clearer, and I wrapped a henge around myself to
blend in as much as possible with the concrete and metal behind me.

Where was Tazuna? I didn’t have time to be cautious. I couldn’t hear anything, I couldn’t see
anything, but the mist wasn’t solid - my chakra cut through it easily, thin tendrils searching
for anything old man shaped. I felt a worker, slumped over on the floor, a pile of twisted steel
cords, the other end of the bridge - there. Just before the end of the bridge, one figure backing
away and two advancing. Thank fuck Zabuza was dramatic and liked to intimidate his
victims, if he’d gone straight for the kill I’d be too late.

With Tazuna firmly fixed in my head I dropped off the bridge and hit the water running. My
heart raced, but I didn’t let myself - couldn’t let myself think about what was under my feet.
The bank was getting closer, but Tazuna was running out of time; I pushed myself faster, four
seconds, three, two -
I switched with him the second my foot hit the shore, flinging Tazuna to safety and sending
myself straight into the path of Zabuza’s oversized sword. I yelped, twisting to the side just in
time to avoid being decapitated and scrambled into another kawarimi with a random piece of
building debris. I hadn’t gone far - I’d reached for the first thing I could find and swapped in
a panic - but with the mist and my henge still active, I thought I might’ve got away with it.

Where the fuck was my backup. Kakashi, please, I’ll take back everything I said about you
being a dick, just don’t leave me to die again.

“Ah,” Zabuza said from somewhere behind me. “I thought I felt someone poking around.
Come out, little leaf. The mists are no place for you to hide.”

I grit my teeth and tried desperately to think of a way out. Haku had his ice prison, unless that
was another way I was going to get screwed over by reality not following canon, but Haku
didn’t want to kill anyone. If I ended up fighting him then all I had to do was stall enough for
Naruto to get here and use the kyuubi to break his mask and realise who -

Oh. Oh no.

Reality hadn’t followed canon. Naruto had never fallen asleep in the forest after a tree
climbing training session. He’d never met Haku. Fuck, he’d never been given his core nindo,
but more importantly he had no reason to spare Haku’s life, which was minorly inconvenient
given that I wanted him to live.

If I fought Haku I’d lose and either Tazuna would die or Haku would die - or hell, why not
both - and if I fought Zabuza I’d lose and I would die. And then probably Tazuna and Haku.
These were shit odds.

I heard the kunai a second before I saw it and threw myself aside. It skimmed over my
shoulder; if my reflexes had been any slower, that would’ve been my throat.

“Didn’t I say, Konoha? The mists are no place to hide. I know where you are wherever you
are and there’s nothing you can do to stop me.”

His voice echoed from all around me, and though I lashed out with my chakra trying to lock
him down he was too slippery for me to know where he came from. I felt something move
towards me but couldn’t tell where it was aimed so I gambled and leapt straight up, spinning
in the air and sending a fistful of shuriken back the way I’d come. They missed, but Zabuza
had tracked my jump and was waiting for me when I landed, and I twisted to try and change
direction but I couldn’t move far enough -

“Sasuke!” Tazuna shouted, and hooked an arm around my waist to tackle me out the way. He
landed in a controlled roll and shoved me back towards the main part of the bridge. “Get out,
stay away from this fight - get the workers back to the village.”

“What - no, you’re the mission, I have to -” I faltered to a halt as Tazuna raised a hand and
dispelled his henge, and Kakashi glared back at me with both eyes uncovered.
  Oh thank fuck I was going to live. I would never say a bad word against this man ever again.
  He was my precious sunshine child and I loved him.

  “Now, Sasuke,” he commanded, shoving me back with - I’m not actually sure, a wind jutsu? I
  didn’t see any hand signs - before unsheathing a short sword from his back and diving
  forward again.

  A short sword. Against Zabuza’s overcompensation? Relief at seeing him was warring with
  the fact that I was still very much in danger and the combination left me almost off-kilter
  enough to giggle. Battle of the swords. Would it be the size that counted, or would it be the
  way they used them. Swords.

  Then the water dragons started rising and I remembered that yes, I was still very much in
  danger, and started running.



Chapter End Notes



    Zabuza: Go deal with the genin, would you?
    Haku: *politely asks Sasuke to leave so he won't get caught in the battle*
    Zabuza: listen,,,
                                       Chapter 12: Wave arc: V
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The mists thinned the further back I got. I saw Naruto and Sakura before they saw me,
   though it only took another second for them to notice.

   “Bastard!” Naruto shouted, completely undermining my attempts to be sneaky and escape
   without Haku or Zabuza noticing. “What the hell, what’s happening?”

   “Zabuza,” I said shortly. “Kakashi’s fighting him, we have to get the civilians out. Where’s
   Tazuna? I left him on the shore.”

   “We didn’t see anyone,” Sakura said, falling in step with me and sending an uneasy glance
   back at the dense mist. I frowned; had that already been Kakashi that I’d switched with? He
   must’ve noticed Zabuza and laid a trap for him without telling me.

   I take back everything I said. Kakashi’s a dick. Who does that? Assholes, that’s who.

   “Concentrate on the others then, maybe he’s already safe,” I said. Sakura nodded and
   gestured at Naruto.

   “Already on it, believe it!” he answered with his hands in a cross seal, and the bridge filled
   with orange as he rushed to collect the still unconscious workers. A second later and his
   clones dispersed in a rain of senbon, leaving Naruto reeling back with a startled yelp.

   “I’m sorry,” Haku said politely, shunshining to a stop in front of us. “I can’t let you do that.”
   He’d dropped his earlier Kakashi-henge and was back in the Kiri uniform, complete with red
   and white patterned mask.

   “The hunter nin,” Sakura hissed through clenched teeth, dropping into a ready position. She
   glanced between us and the sprawled forms of Tazuna’s bridge crew, eyes darting frantically
   as she thought of a plan.

   “He was going to leave them alive,” I said under my breath, shifting my weight on my toes
   and slipping a handful of shuriken into my palm. They weren’t poisoned, but the wire looped
   through each one was - there wouldn’t be enough on the wire to be deadly, just to slow Haku
   down.

   If I could hit him. I was fast, but his kekkei genkai was all about speed. I was pretty sure he
   was faster.

   “Why?” Naruto asked from my other side. I opened my mouth to answer but Sakura beat me
   to it, already having worked it out.

   “Scare tactics,” she said. “If they’ve not managed to kill Tazuna though that could easily
   change. We can’t risk it.”
I cursed, but she was right - it was the sensible way to approach the fight. And as much as I
wanted to believe Haku wouldn’t, I couldn’t bet other people’s lives on the fact that he’d
behave the way I expected him to.

“So what, we just stand here and wait to see if he kills them?” Naruto asked, unimpressed.
“Hey, hunter-bastard! Are you going to attack us or what?”

I barely resisted a groan. “Naruto you utter fuckhead. Why.”

“My job is to keep you here,” Haku said, still weirdly polite. He even dipped his head
forward in regretful acknowledgement as he continued, “I apologise for not letting you go,
but your sensei has already demonstrated that he will act irrationally where you are
concerned. His attachment to his tools is odd, but also useful.”

In other words, we were distractions. Great.

“We’re not tools,” Naruto spat, and I startled at the intensity of his reaction. “We’re people!
And if you can’t see that, then you’re wrong - and I’m going to beat you to prove it, believe
it!”

“Naruto!” Sakura reached for him but he’d already charged, clones popping into existence
around him, many of them already henged into a variety of weapons. She swore, but readied
a kunai for her own charge. “Sasuke, get the civilians out, we’ll -”

“Wait,” I said, grabbing her shoulder. “Sakura, wait. Zabuza’s an S class missing nin. He’s
not going to keep someone around if they’re weak. You can’t go rushing in.” If she did, then
it’d just be two of them trapped in his ice mirrors, and then what the fuck was I meant to do.

“You understand,” Haku said, tilting his masked head in my direction. “What is not useful is
not worth keeping, this is the way of shinobi. But it won’t help you.” Another wave of
senbon, and another round of Naruto clones popping - though I noticed that about a third
used the henged weapons they were carrying to block the needles, losing the weapons but
easily surviving to make more. Naruto reached him in a flurry of snarling taijutsu that
certainly looked impressive, even though it didn’t appear to be having any effect.

“You’re the fastest,” Sakura said. “The civilians are the priority. Switch them out, and hurry.”

I grimaced in frustration, but it made sense. Sakura and Naruto together should at least be
able to keep Haku distracted, and the workers were too much at risk from the crossfire to
leave them. I nodded, she gave me a tense grin and a fist bump that I had to scramble to
return in time, and we darted off in opposite directions.

“Naruto, civilians,” I reminded the closest clone, beelining towards the nearest worker.
Kawarimi would be the quickest way to get off the bridge, but I’d never tried carrying a
person with me and I didn’t know if I could. Get to land then switch back again, like I’d done
with Kakashi-as-Tazuna? That was still only one at a time.

He shook me off, turning on me with a glare. “We’re not tools,” he repeated. “Tools can be
discarded and ignored and he needs to see that he can’t dismiss us like that!”
“We don’t have time for this,” I said harshly, hooking my fingers in his jacket trying to drag
him over. He shook me off again, jaw set mulishly, and I stifled a frustrated scream. “Fuck’s
sake, Naruto! What happened to being Hokage? You’re meant to protect everyone!”

“The Hokage is important!” he snapped back. “If I’m going to be Hokage and I’m going to
make them see me, I have to start here - I have to prove I matter!”

I felt a distant, teetering kind of dread. Naruto’s nindo - his precious people - that had been
Haku’s nindo. If he didn’t get that, if he never made those promises, how much of the story
would fall apart?

There wasn't time to deal with it. “I thought the team mattered,” I accused, a deliberately
bitter comment designed to hurt because I was hurt and I never claimed to be a good person. I
turned my back on him and angled towards the unconscious workers, rapidly calculating the
distance to the shore and how many I could take on each trip.

I got as far as half-lifting the first into my arms before a precise wave of senbon forced me to
leap back.

“I’m sorry,” Haku said, appearing in front of me. “Like I said, I can’t let you leave.”

“How the fuck -” I glanced over at where Naruto - the original, not the clone I’d been talking
to - and Sakura were still fighting. Sakura was springing back, firing herself straight up and
readying a drop kick to land on Haku as she came back down; Naruto was somewhere in a
sea of orange, surrounded by a continuous cloud of smoke as he replaced the bunshin Haku
kept cutting down.

“Clone,” I accused the Haku in front of me. “Why is it always clones.”

“The most basic of techniques can sometimes be the most effective,” he said. “Kunai still
claim more bounties than jutsu do.”

“I’m a shuriken kind of girl,” I shot back, already letting a handful fly. He dodged them,
sending senbon back, and I dodged in return, yanking on the wires attached to the shuriken to
pull them sweeping round. It was enough to make Haku abandon his next attack and I came
in sudden and low under the opening he left, hands up in lightning fast taijutsu combination
that he barely blocked. I was right; he was fast, but so was I, and all I needed was for him to
make one mistake -

I dived for an opening he left and he spun out of the feint, slicing at my hip with a fucking
sword what the hell. Had someone forgotten to give me the memo that today was big pointy
metal day? His was probably a katana or something like that, I wasn’t an expert and I didn’t
have time to study it. I leapt back, already cataloguing the sting I felt and dismissing it as not
bad enough to worry, and dipped my hand into my weapons pouch for more -

“You can’t be serious,” I hissed, as my fingers came up empty. It - and all my shuriken in it -
was on the ground, next to Haku’s feet. Shit.
“A good shinobi makes use of his tools,” Haku said, not even out of breath. “But he doesn’t
rely on them. They are only tools, after all.”

“Would you quit with the preachy metaphors? I don’t care if you think ninjas are bananas, if
they’re my bananas I’m still going to fight you for them because otherwise what’s the
fucking point?”

He frowned. “Ah,” he said unsurely, “I’m not sure you -”

“Bastard, switch!” the Naruto-clone I'd been talking to earlier yelled, flinging an
unreasonably large shuriken at Haku from behind. My heart jumped and I flashed him a
savagely relieved grin; a second and a senbon later and both clone and henged-clone shuriken
were dispelled, but a second was all I needed to grab one of the clones next to Sakura and
kawarimi into a defensive roll while I assessed the situation around them. They’d been
leading the original Haku away from the workers and we were now solidly in the mist that
surrounded Kakashi and Zabuza’s fight; this was probably good in terms of civilian life
expectancy, though not so good for us.

Worse for us was the way the mist started crystallising into ice.

“The hell is that?” Naruto - the original Naruto - asked, standing back to back with me and
Sakura and roughly pulling a fistful of senbon out of his leg.

“Ice release,” Haku said, appearing in front of us with one hand raised in a seal. I looked back
frantically towards the workers before our view was obscured, but he seemed to have
dispelled that clone. Lucky. And stupid of me to leave them unprotected; a more practical
enemy would have used the clone to kill them. “Demonic mirroring ice crystals.”

Seriously, everyone from Mist was demon obsessed.

The ice rose in sudden sheets, curving overhead to block us in. “Sakura,” I said, and she cut
across me with a gesture to Naruto.

“I need protection, I can’t hit that straight on.”

Two clones obligingly henged into orange knuckle guards. “They’ll dispel,” he warned. “You
only get one hit.”

“All I need,” she promised. The ice above us was almost a solid piece, just the last gaps
steadlily sealing closed. “Shannaro!”

She charged, and the ice shuddered, cracked - and held. The damage healed over and Sakura
backed away from the mirror, shaking out her wrist and glancing back at us uneasily.

“It won’t work,” Haku said, his face fading into view in one of the mirrors. “This technique is
cursed. I don’t like to use it, but in defence of my precious person, I will. There’s no way
out.”

“I don’t believe in no way out,” Naruto snarled, his temper rising again. “And I don’t believe
in curses! People who just accept the way things are are wrong, and I’m going to show
them!”

“Can you try again?” I muttered to Sakura. She shook her head. “Shit.” My punching strength
was abysmal, and I had no weapons. The mirrors were solid, I couldn’t kawarimi through
them, and Haku wouldn’t stay distracted by Naruto’s increasingly irate tirade about people
having their fate decided for them for long. “Will fire help?”

“Do it,” she said, taking a couple of steps to the side to shield me from view. “But fast.”

Fast and Sasuke performing the grand fireball technique didn’t go together. I flew through
the hand seals, forcing my chakra to heat up and bend itself out of water and into fire.

“Faster!”

“You want me to vaporise myself?” I sniped back, but sacrificed the last bit of chakra shaping
in favour of just belting out the malformed mess in an uncontrolled burst. It burnt my throat
and seared my fingers, and only the arm protectors I wore kept my hands and wrists safe. I
was vaguely aware of a swarm of senbon flying my way and being intercepted by an equal
swarm of yelling, quickly dispersed Narutos.

“Hit it,” I croaked when the flame ran out. “Hit it, damnit!” Sakura wrapped something round
her knuckles - a cloth, another clone, I couldn’t see clearly - and rammed her fist into the
mirror I’d flambeed. It cracked, groaned - and shattered.

“Naruto!” she yelled as the hole started closing up almost immediately. “Let’s go!”

He whirled on us, eyes flashing red and his entire jacket turned into a porcupine of senbon.
“No! I need to prove -”

I growled in frustration, dodging under Haku by millimeters and diving through the exit.
“You’re already important, you idiot! Now be important out here!”

He faltered, eyes wide (and blue, did I imagine the red?) and locked on me. “I’m… No,
I’m… not?”

Sakura punched the mirror a second time, trying to keep the hole open, but she was fighting a
losing battle against it. I couldn’t see where Haku was - could he use the reflections while
one of his mirrors was broken? - but if Naruto didn’t move right now he’d be stuck inside
again, and I really really couldn’t do another fireball.

“You’re important to us,” I said with more patience than I felt, but still a very small amount
of patience on a cosmic scale. “So will you, pretty please, get your ass out here so we can
fight together like a fucking team is meant to do.”

He cracked a smile. “Because we’re bananas, right?”

Whatever you want. What the hell. Just get.

“I don’t understand the bananas,” Haku said plaintively, appearing in the middle of me and
Sakura and sending us both sprawling back. I flipped over to land on my feet but ended up
perilously close to the edge and with Haku bearing down on me, there was nowhere to go but
over it. I didn’t trust myself to water walk so I ran through the seals Kakashi had drilled me
in until I could do them in my sleep, rat dragon boar snake blow dog -

I felt cold around my mouth as the bubble tried to form, but it spluttered and died. There was
too much fire in my chakra from the fireball. I hadn’t changed it back. The bubblehead jutsu
needed water and I had no time to give it water.

Over Haku’s shoulder I could see Naruto, fighting to get through the rapidly closing hole in
the ice but too late to make it. I don’t know what he saw in my face but his eyes went wide in
shock, then Haku reached me, Sakura screamed my name, and I wasn’t fast enough to dodge.

The handle of his sword hit my temple, and if it hadn’t been for his other hand fisting in my
shirt and throwing me back on the bridge I’d’ve dropped straight in the river. As it was I
landed badly, dazed and nauseous and barely able to tell which way was up. I struggled onto
my elbows then froze, the cold of his sword a heavy weight against my back.

“Stop,” he said, not looking at me. “One teammate is trapped, the other will be killed if you
move. You've lost.”

“No,” Sakura said in a shaky voice. “Kakashi-sensei -”

“Will not defeat Zabuza-sama again,” Haku finished for her. He almost sounded gentle. I
focussed on regretting ever thinking I should save him to distract myself from the growing
need to throw up. “You must-”

And then, with an eruption of flames and desperation that formed a towering, firey inferno of
demonic chakra, the ice dome exploded.

“This technique is cursed,” Naruto spat from the centre of the wreckage, red pouring off him
in visible waves. “I don’t like to use it but in defence of my precious people I will! They’re
my team and I’m going to fight you for them because otherwise what’s the fucking point?”

Oh my god.

“Run, Haku,” I said as politely as I could, and let my shaking arms give way to deposit
myself on the floor. Oh my god. I was still reeling from the blow to my head, but I think I
heard correctly. Had he seriously spliced together two different pieces of trash talk and turned
them into his nindo? Had I accidentally given Naruto his core purpose by telling Haku I’d
fight him for a banana? He must've got the memory when his clone dispelled. What the
hell. What.

I let the wave of kyuubi-infused protective fury wash over my head as Naruto yelled a battle
cry and charged, and hoped Sakura wasn’t too freaked out. I just… I needed a moment.

A freaking banana.
Much as I wanted to stay on the concrete floor of the bridge and wait for the world to either
end or stop spinning, I couldn’t. Kakashi was still fighting Zabuza, Haku was still fighting
Naruto - though Naruto was doing an excellent job of beating him back into the mist - and, as
annoyed as I was at Haku for being a bitch to fight and absolutely trouncing me, he had still
saved my life and I did still owe him one.

“C’mon,” I said, staggering over to Sakura and tugging insistently on her shoulder until she
stood up. “Up. Up, Sakura, I need someone to lean on.”

She let out a shaky breath and got unsteadily to her feet. I followed through on my statement
and shamelessly used her as a crutch, because the bridge felt a few degrees off vertical and I
didn’t want to slide off it and end up in the water.

“What was that?” she asked. I frowned, thinking laboriously through the answer, then
remembered it wasn’t my secret to tell and waved her off.

“‘S Naruto. He has a lot of chakra. Can we catch up to them?”

“Naruto?” She shuddered. “But it felt so… bad.”

Bad? It’d been impressive, all angry and flamey and hot in the way that fire chakra should be,
but she was being oversensitive about it feeling bad. Unless she just didn’t like fire? It was
possible. Rude. But possible.

“I think he was pissed,” I said. “Move, please. I need you to do the feet thing because I can’t
walk.”

“I - yeah.” She shook herself and shifted her arm to wrap tighter around my waist. “Wait, you
can’t walk?”

“Mm. Ears ringing. Dizzy. Think‘ve concussion. ‘M fine, go go go.”

“You’re concussed?” she repeated, but she also started walking, so. Win. “I don’t know what
to do for a concussion. Should you be lying down? Do you need medicine? I have bandages.”

“Focus,” I said, tugging on her braid. Huh, she was still copying the one I did for her. It
looked pretty. She needed to twist it as she braided it though so the little short bits didn’t stick
out so much. I’d tell her later.

We limped through the mist, searching for our team. I tried stretching out with my kawarimi
sense and discovered that it reached just fine, but it also made me feel violently sick if I tried
to move it anywhere but straight ahead. Still, we found Naruto and Haku easily enough -
Haku was being pinned by Naruto, his mask in pieces, and from the sound of it he was trying
to talk Naruto into killing him because he was a tool who’d failed his purpose.

“Stop that,” I chided him, abandoning Sakura to stumble over to Naruto instead. “You’re
upsetting him. He doesn’t want to kill you.”

“Bastard!” Naruto said, springing back from Haku with wide eyes. “I thought you were - I
saw - you’re ok!”
“He has a concussion,” Sakura said, coming up behind with a kunai drawn. She seemed the
only one still wary of Haku, and I wondered what he’d said to Naruto.

“A small one,” I defended. “It’s already going.” It was - chakra made shinobi much more
resilient than civilians, and that extended to our brains as well. At least, it did for physical
damage. It’d never approach Naruto’s healing factor, but it was a useful benefit when your
livelihood consisted of throwing yourself at people who hit you.

“I’m glad,” Haku said, closing his eyes in a soft smile. “I didn’t want to cause you permanent
harm. It’s my failing as a tool.”

“That’s not the way it works!” Naruto said, whirling on him in distress. Emotional backstory?
I was betting they’d been talking about Haku’s emotional backstory. Naruto was a bleeding
heart for lonely people.

“It is for me,” Haku corrected him gently. “Zabuza-sama is -” He froze, eyes wide, and I
picked up the faintest sounds of chirping birds in the distance. “Zabuza-sama!”

He took off in a shunshin, faster than any of us could hope to stop him - not that either of the
other two could know that they had to. I glared in his direction.

“Fuck you, asswipe,” I said, shooting a tendril of chakra after him - oh god, nausea - and
kawariming with him because I might have a minor concussion but I did not go through this
whole traumatic experience for canon to decide that now it wanted to play ball and kill
someone I liked.

Appearing directly in front of a tired, bloody Zabuza currently being held in place by an
entire pack of dogs with a feral Kakashi bearing down on me, pure electric death in his hands,
was, um, exactly the result I should have foreseen and somehow completely unexpected.

“Shit.”

“Sasuke -!” I flinched and closed my eyes, too drained to be able to react, and through some
sheer miracle of heroic feats Kakashi managed to redirect his chidori to grind down into the
floor. I winced at the sound; Tazuna wouldn’t be pleased by the giant hole in his bridge.

“What the hell were you thinking?” Kakashi snapped, sounding so much like my dad - my
old-world dad - that I snapped my eyes open again and was almost thrown by the lack of
beard. He looked pissed, glaring at me with both eyes open and sharingan spinning furiously.

“Um,” I said, feeling about as small and pathetic as I’d done every time my old-world dad
had used the same phrase on me. You’re grounded for the next century young lady, do you
have any idea how worried your mother was? I cleared my throat and tried again, wishing
that the last bit of ringing would go from my ears. “Um, Haku saved my life. I didn’t want
him to die.”

I sounded like a little kid.
Behind me, Zabuza laughed, low and grating, and Kakashi’s face hardened immediately.
“Seems like we’re both cursed with soft students,” Zabuza drawled, and brought a heavy
hand down on my shoulder. I tensed, but didn’t move - the hand had a kunai in it, resting
lazily but with clear intent on the edge of my collar bone.

I was getting really sick of playing hostage.

“Zabuza-sama!” Haku said, appearing next to us with Sakura and Naruto in quick succession
behind him. He hesitated, clearly torn between whatever bonding moment he’d just gone
through with Naruto and his overwhelming loyalty to Zabuza, and Kakashi took advantage of
the hesitation like the champ he was to a) separate him from the two of his students not being
held at knife point and b) hold him at knife point himself.

“Really?” I asked, sotto voice. What happened. We were doing so well earlier in the chapter.
Now look at us.

“We both know you’re going to lose this stalemate, Kakashi,” Zabuza rumbled. “You
remember how I got my name, don’t you?” He moved the kunai until it was digging in to the
side of my neck to emphasise his point, and I tensed further. I could make snarky comments,
but the truth was this was not a good situation. Zabuza could and would sacrifice Haku if he
had to, and he wouldn’t hesitate to kill me as he did it. I couldn’t kawarimi out - he was
holding me too closely, I’d only take him with me - and my weapons pouch was still lying on
the floor where Haku had taken it from me. I didn’t have any jutsu I could use, and my
taijutsu wouldn’t be good enough even if I wasn’t already starting at a disadvantage.

I was relying entirely on Kakashi.

There was a long, fraught silence.

“Saa,” Kakashi said, vanishing his kunai into one of his myriad pockets and stepping back
from Haku with a mimic of his usual slouch. It sat wrong on him, like an ill-fitting jacket, or
a movement he'd seen someone else do once from a distance. “We were only hired to escort
Tazuna-san back to his home. I decided to take my students on a separate training trip, but
our mission ended a while back.”

“What - Kakashi-dick-sensei - mmph!” Sakura muffled Naruto’s protests with a hand over his
mouth, eyes wide as she stared between us.

“Is that so?” Zabuza asked suspiciously, not relaxing his grip in the slightest. I didn’t blame
him - what Kakashi was doing was unthinkable. Abandoning a mission to save a teammate,
not just a teammate but a stupid wet behind the ears genin, that was the sort of thing that
started wars, tanked a man’s reputation, drove him to suicide, and completely fucked up his
only son.

As a completely non-specific example.

“Mm,” Kakashi agreed. He looked one step from pulling his book out. “Curious though. We
ran across this businessman while we were training. Kaito, Sato, Ito - can’t remember his
name. Tried to hire us, said he had a couple of ninja already on the payroll but he was
planning to doublecross them and keep their wages. Interesting offer.”

Behind me, Zabuza was very, very still.

“I said no, of course,” Kakashi continued blithely. “I was busy. There was this little old lady
who needed to cross the road.” He eye smiled, then, still moving in a way that was oddly
Kakashi-not-Kakashi, turned and started walking away with one hand raised in a lazy
farewell. “Missed opportunities, perhaps. C’mon kids, home time.”

No one moved. I was pretty sure my heart wasn’t beating, I was not moving that hard. Haku
had frozen with a poleaxed look of confusion on his face, and I wondered somewhat
hysterically if he’d forgotten he wasn’t wearing his mask.

“You’re lying,” Zabuza said.

Kakashi didn’t even slow down, still casually sauntering away. “Hm? Oh, no. She needed to
get to the fish market.”

“He’s lying,” Zabuza repeated in a snarl.

“It would fit with what we’ve seen,” Haku said, shifting his weight uncomfortably. “Perhaps
we should be certain before we proceed?” He very studiously didn’t look at me. Naruto,
staring alternately at everyone in turn, gaped at him incredulously.

“Munchkins!” Kakashi summoned, practically halfway up the bridge. “Chop chop.”

“Um,” I said, still very carefully Not Moving. “Is it ok if I go? Only he’s Kakashi, he tends to
hold grudges.”

Zabuza blinked down at me as if he’d forgotten I was there, then snorted and shoved me
away from him. I was instantly surrounded by not only Naruto and Sakura but also half a
dozen dogs, which startled me - I hadn’t realised the summons were still around.

“Scram,” Zabuza said. “Sharingan no Kakashi, huh.”

“Heel, pups,” the littlest dog commanded, trotting out in front with a wary glance at Haku as
we went past. It said a lot for how shaken the three of us were that none of us protested, just
shuffled after him with our massive fluffy entourage. I was - my brain was - at some point I'd
realise that if Zabuza hadn't let me go I'd've probably died, but just then it was too big to
comprehend and my thoughts were flatlining when they tried.

We followed the dogs down the entire length of the bridge, past the area where we’d been
fighting. The workers, I noticed, were gone. Haku? Surely he hadn’t had time. I hoped they
were safe, but then again according to Kakashi they weren’t our problem anymore.

“Sensei?”

“Not now, Sakura,” Kakashi said in the same pleasant-wrong tone of voice he’d used on the
bridge. I hunched my shoulders and tried to hide behind the giant bulldog.
“But Kakashi-sensei, you weren’t serious about -”

“Not now, Naruto.” He turned off the path, leading us to a small clearing in the wood, and sat
cross-legged on the floor.

We hovered uncertainly until he raised his eyebrow. His forehead protector was back over his
sharingan, though I hadn’t seen him move it. “Sit,” he said.

We sat. The bulldog did not, standing close enough behind me that I could feel the warmth
radiating from it. It was almost taller than I was when I was standing; sitting, it dwarfed me,
and I resolutely did not think about how I was more of a cat person.

“Sakura. Status report.”

Her back was ramrod straight, hands folded neatly in her lap. If it wasn’t for the way her hair
was half pulled out of its braid and her entire appearance was scuffed, sweaty, and covered in
bridge dust, she’d look like she was sat at a formal dinner. Maybe an execution. “Bruising to
my right knuckles,” she listed. “Aches in both shoulders and my right forearm, though no
strained or pulled muscles. Minor heat burn to my left elbow.”

“Naruto. Status report.” He didn’t give any acknowledgement of Sakura’s answer. It was
terrifying.

“Um, I’m, fine?”

“Sasuke. Status report.”

My mouth was dry. “Temporary concussion, no lingering effects. Minor burns to my mouth
and the fingers of my left hand. Shallow cut to my left thigh, no evidence of poison, no
limited mobility.” It was, I think, the most professional status report I’d ever given in my life.

Again, Kakashi didn’t acknowledge the answer, just stared off into the trees with his face
perfectly, unmovingly blank. “Sakura,” he said. “Team leader is a serious position with many
duties attached. One of those is to decide the best course of action for the team as a whole,
another is to resolve problems internally to the best of your ability before bringing an issue to
your superior and taking responsibility for it. For you, these duties are theoretical; your role
as team leader is not recognised outside this team and you have no authority to act on any
decisions you make regarding it.”

She blanched, but kept her stiff position. Kakashi turned his head towards her without
changing the angle of his shoulders. “That being said, I am inside the team and therefore
recognise your position, and also have the authority to enact your decisions. So: is Sasuke fit
to continue as a member of Team Seven, would he be better placed in the genin corps, or
should he be relieved of his headband and returned to a civilian role?”

My stomach fell through the bottom of my feet.

“Sensei, you can’t -!”

“Be quiet, Naruto. You aren’t the team leader; I asked Sakura.”
I stared at the grass. It felt like my thoughts should have been racing, running through the
consequences of what was happening, complaining that this wasn’t fair to Sakura even if it
was fair to me, screaming something incomprehensible about eyeballs and Danzo and Itachi
and - but they weren’t. I fucked up. I not only fucked up, I fucked up in a way that nearly
made Kakashi repeat one of the most traumatic moments of his life, made him throw the
mission, and almost got several people killed.

My mind was filled with the mental equivalent of a melted ice cream, drooping and hanging
just on the edge of the cone, and when it inevitably fell I’d start crying and wasn’t sure if I’d
be able to stop.

I waited for Sakura’s decision.

“Sasuke… acts recklessly,” she finally said. The lack of -kun was an almost physical blow.
“He places himself in unnecessary danger, not just today, but… since we left the village. His
plans rely on big risks paying off when there are safer options available, and he…” She
hesitated, then ploughed on. “He is more affected than he lets on by his past and by the
realities of ninja life.” By the realities of - oh. The meat. She thought I didn’t eat meat
because I struggled with people dying. She was right, but. It sounded bad when she said it
like that.

“And your verdict?” Kakashi asked calmly. I fought the urge to flinch.

“I would not recommend he join Team Seven,” Sakura said slowly, and the melted ice cream
in my brain slipped in a pathetic heap and landed in the mud. I closed my eyes and tried to
breathe around the lump in my throat and hoped that at least I’d cry quietly.

“Sakura-chan!” Naruto yelped, sounding distraught and betrayed.

“Very well,” Kakashi said, still unreadable. I kidded myself that I heard a trace of
disappointment, but - actually, he probably was disappointed. I was a disappointment. I was
so much worse than a disappointment, but disappointed was the only word I could think of.
“When we return to Konoha -”

“But,” Sakura interrupted, and Kakashi stopped abruptly. She swallowed. “But, as team
leader I have to consider what is best for the team as a whole. And I wouldn’t recommend
Sasuke join Team Seven, but I think it would do irreparable damage if he were to leave it.”

The world stopped. Everything froze, and when I snapped my eyes open and stared at her, I
felt like I could see in slow motion. She wasn’t looking at me, but she’d asked - she’d said - I
read every twitch of her facial expression searching for a deception, but I couldn’t find one.
There wasn’t one. She wasn’t - she was throwing me a lifeline that I didn’t deserve and
taking a risk for me that could, potentially, drag her whole career down with me.

I cannot even begin to describe to you what I felt in response to that.

I blinked, and the world shifted out of its hyperfocus and back to normal speed. Kakashi had
an eyebrow raised at Sakura, but he looked thoughtful, rather than angry.
  “When we return to Konoha,” he continued, picking up the sentence Sakura had interrupted,
  “I am going to nominate the three of you for the chunin exams. Naruto and Sasuke, I do not
  expect you to get promoted and will argue against any promotions you are given. Sakura, I
  expect to see you in a vest by the summer festival.” He got seamlessly to his feet while the
  three of us stared at him, unsure if we’d heard correctly. Meaning was surprisingly difficult to
  pick up when someone spoke with no inflections.

  We were still staring when he started walking away, then looked over his shoulder with a
  quizzical frown. “Are you coming? Tsunami-san will be cooking dinner.” He didn't wait for
  our response, just turned away again and kept walking, leaving the three of us still sat on the
  floor in stunned silence.

  “Puppies,” the smallest dog - Pakkun, my brain numbly supplied - said, standing up with a
  languid stretch. “Shift. You ran around a lot, you need feeding.” He waited for us to recover
  from our various levels of shell-shock enough to get up, then trotted after Kakashi with his
  curled tail tucked up close behind him.

  “Sakura,” I started, but she stopped me with a sharp motion.

  “Don’t. Sorry, Sasuke-kun, just… don’t. Not right now.”

  I felt wobbly and close to tears but also drained and exhausted, as though I’d run an
  emotional marathon in the last ten minutes. “Ok,” I said. “I - yeah, ok. Sorry.”

  She nodded and followed after Pakkun, still holding herself perfectly straight. It made her
  look stretched thin and fragile, and I bit my lip against my guilt.

  “C’mon, bastard,” Naruto said, bumping me with his shoulder. “Food. You’re grumpy when
  you’re hungry."

  “Yeah,” I said again, offering him a wan smile. The bulldog nosed my other shoulder and,
  surrounded by the rest of Kakashi’s pack, we went back to Tazuna’s house.



Chapter End Notes



    Pakkun: Pup -
    ANBU Hound: Not now, Pakkun.

    (imma go hide now but i hope you liked the chapter)
                                       Chapter 13: Wave arc: VI
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   We trained the next day. No watch, no guard duty, we weren’t even training near the river -
   we were in the forest again, in another clearing. Kakashi stayed with us long enough in the
   morning to take us there and set up who was working with who and what on, but vanished
   shortly after. I wasn’t sure if he was patrolling again, or investigating Gato - which he
   must’ve done at some point before if he knew that Haku and Zabuza were going to be
   betrayed. Maybe he was back by the bridge, keeping an eye on Tazuna and his crew. Or
   maybe he’d meant it when he told Zabuza that our mission was finished. He hadn’t said
   anything to Tazuna either way, unless he’d done it when we weren’t there, and none of us
   really wanted to ask.

   As for Tazuna himself, he - and his crew, once they’d woken up from their senbon induced
   bouts of unconsciousness - were taking the whole experience as a massive boost in morale.
   Something about Gato showing he was scared by making a move on them, combined with the
   fact that they’d all survived and only lost a few tools and an easily repairable section of
   bridge in the process. Tazuna had been practically bouncing at breakfast as he’d recounted to
   a dubious Inari how the village was all but saved and there was nothing Gato could do if they
   all banded together. His optimism was sweet, even if the reasoning behind it was naive.

   But for us: we trained. The dogs stayed; I don’t know where they slept overnight or what they
   ate, but they were there when we left the house in the morning and five of them came with us
   to the forest clearing. The sixth, a bandaged greyhound called Uhei, didn’t join us; he was
   either guarding the house or hanging back to run patrols with Kakashi, but I wasn’t sure
   which.

   “Taijutsu,” Kakashi said to Naruto. “No clones, no weapons. Your movements need to be
   sharper and more precise, and you need to be able to do your katas faster and without having
   to think about the positions.” He showed him a different set of katas to practice from the ones
   he was currently using, told him that the dogs knew the moves and would correct him if he
   was wrong, and moved on.

   To Sakura: “Strength training. You’re putting more chakra behind your punches than your
   muscles can cope with, it’s why they keep hurting. Focus on your core muscles today and
   practice using your whole body to power your attacks rather than just your arms. You can
   train your upper body tomorrow once your shoulders have recovered.” Again, he
   demonstrated for her, and cautioned her to cycle between exercises to avoid overstraining any
   one area.

   And to me: “Kunai and close combat. You rely too much on shuriken; they aren’t suited to be
   a contact weapon. Improve your deflections, and stop letting people disarm you - or get used
   to hiding weapons in places other than your pouch.” The style he wanted me to learn was fast
   and vicious, with almost no blocking compared to the academy basic and a much heavier
   focus on ending a fight in as few moves as possible.
And… that was it. For the whole day, we ran drills, tightening the fundamentals of the new
forms we were taught and letting the entire world narrow down to the next movement, the
next step, the next duck and stab and parry and strike.

It was almost meditative, so much so that it took me a moment to blink out of it when Pakkun
called a break for lunch.

“Walk,” he commanded, gesturing us to take a lap round the clearing. “You can eat when
you’ve cooled off.”

“Walking?” Naruto complained, falling obediently into line behind Sakura. “This is the worst
training session ever. Hey, hey we should spar after lunch, right?”

“No sparring! You need to improve, so you’ll improve. It’s how training works.”

“Yeah,” Naruto reasoned, “but we can also improve with sparring. And not be bored. It’s
training, but better.”

“The variety would be good, Pakkun-san,” Sakura added. The pug wrinkled his nose.

“I’m a dog,” he reminded her. “I’m not a san. Only cats and people need titles to feel
important.”

“Except people are important if they’re someone’s banana,” Naruto said happily, making
grabby hands at Bull for his bento. It wasn’t quite the take-home message I’d meant to give
him yesterday, but a lot of things happened that I didn’t mean so I didn’t correct him.
“C’mon, sparring. It’s good. It’s fun. I promise to just use taijutsu so it’s still training.”

“No sparring. But,” Pakkun relented, “we can do a different form of training if you’re bored.”

The other two perked up, even if Sakura was less obvious about it. So, I noticed, did the
dogs. Shiba, a grey dog who wasn’t a shiba inu despite her name, started grinning, tongue
lolling out her mouth and tail quivering with suppressed wags. She barked a one-word
question.

“Yes,” Pakkun said, nodding sagely. “Puppies, today you learn how to fetch.”

And with that ominous prediction hanging over us, he left us to enjoy the next ten minutes of
our lunch break and wonder among ourselves what, exactly, a game of fetch with a pack of
ninja dogs would entail.



Turns out: a stick, a lot of chasing, ambush attacks, and the desperate fear of realising that
Bisuke and Guruko could climb trees.



Inari accosted me outside the bathroom again when I’d taken too long staring into space with
the tap running.
“Sorry,” I said, stepping aside. “All yours.”

“I asked Grandpa about the sweets,” he said in reply, and I blinked at him. There weren’t any
sweets in Wave. I hadn’t had sugar in days. Why was he talking about sweets. “And he said
that’s the basics of it, but you haven’t understood.”

“I haven’t?” I repeated. Inari huffed and crossed his arms, adopting a lecturing pose that
looked slightly ridiculous. Particularly because the person he’d learnt it off was clearly taller
than him, and the stern expression didn’t translate well when he had to look up to keep eye
contact with me.

“It’s not about the sweets,” he said. “It’s about the enocomy. Enocomy is people having jobs
and houses and food and shops, and if your enocomy is strong then your people are strong
and that’s why the bridge is important. Because heroes don’t work. You need, um, sustainable
trade routes to save people.”

“You mean economy?” I guessed, still trying to work out how this related to me being wrong.

“And!” he continued, abandoning his old-man-teacher pose and pointing rudely at my face.
“Sweets are a luxury item! People need to not be hungry first, then you can start import-ering
for sweets, but if you waste all your money on mochi without leaving enough for rice you’ll
get sick and your mum will be sad!”

I… what? Last week Inari informed us all that there were no heroes, only people stupid
enough to get themselves killed. Now there were no heroes, only rice traders?

“My mum’s dead,” I said uncertainly. “But thank you for the advice.” I shook my head,
putting his weirdness out of my mind, and started walking down the hall to dinner. “Ask
Naruto about heroes. He knows more than I do.”

Inari scrunched his face up into a pout and tagged along beside me, twisting a hand in the
hem of my shirt and tugging until I slowed to match his pace. “I don’t want to ask him,” he
said. “He’s an idiot. Grandpa says he’s not allowed to work on the bridge because he doesn’t
know what girders are.”

“He still knows more than I do.”

“Yeah, but he’s an idiot. If I sit next to you will you teach me another swear word?”

“I’m not - another swear word? No. You’ll get me in trouble again.”

“I’ll trade you for taxes? Grandpa told me all about taxes.”

“That’s a shit trade.”

“Is shit a swear word?”

“No.”
The lack of night watches should have been a good thing. I didn’t like being up in the middle
of the night, having to sleep in clothes to be ready to go at a moment’s notice, staring out into
the dark and trying to find the right balance of alert-not-paranoid to last for hours at a time.
With Kakashi and the dogs taking charge of patrols, we were left to ourselves for the
evenings. I shared a slightly more involved stretching routine with Sakura than the one she
was currently using, both of us united against the unfairness of Naruto never feeling the ache
after training sessions, Naruto and Sakura speculated about what the other teams were up to
and whether any of them would’ve seen combat like we had. Some topics we carefully
steered around, some we openly ignored, but overall the downtime was good. It helped. We
were relaxing back into being a cohesive team again, smoothing out the tension that lingered
after the bridge into something - not perfect, but. Good.

It was good.

It was also well past midnight and, for the third night in a row, I missed being on night
watches. I stared at the ceiling with my thoughts in a tangled mess that I didn’t want to look
at and tried to run through katas to make my head be quiet. It wasn’t working.

“Bet you thought you set the bar pretty low,” I murmured, thinking of canon-Sasuke and the
way he’d screwed up his version of the timeline. I hadn’t stuck my hand through Naruto’s
chest yet, but that was about all I had going for me. “You probably didn’t expect me to get us
kicked off the team. Almost kicked off the team. Stupid civilian, making you look like an
idiot because she can’t ninja properly. Put herself in front of an assassination jutsu and got
taken hostage twice in one day, who does that.”

I bit my lip and misjudged it, breaking the skin and tasting blood. It wasn’t a huge amount
but I was feeling restless, so I pushed myself out of bed and padded out to the bathroom to
wash it clean. Then… I don’t know, I just didn’t want to go back. I needed to be outside.
Clear my head. Maybe do some more training, see if running through the katas in real life
instead of mentally would shut down my spinning thoughts.

Bull fell in step with me halfway to the clearing we’d been using. I brushed my shoulder
against his in a silent hello and kept walking. It wasn’t until we reached the break in the trees
and I dropped into a ready stance that I realised how unprepared I was to train; I was
barefoot, had no weapon pouch and no sleeves, and my pyjamas were baggy and loose. If I
did a handstand my top would end up falling over my head and probably strangle me. I could
take it off, but then my flat chest would be on display with no bandages to hide it behind, and
right at that moment I didn’t have the energy to convince myself I was a boy or deal with the
fact that I was in the wrong body.

It was so stupid. Everything else that was happening, and I was still hung up on the fact that
in my old life I was a girl. I’d had five years to get used to it. I should be over it by now. I
was too pale, my hair was wrong, my features were all sharp angles and high cheekbones
instead of the soft roundness I’d had before - hell, I didn’t even have freckles anymore. That
was fine. I was fine. I didn’t care. Even the penis was useful sometimes. But apparently the
chest was where I drew the line, despite the fact that I was twelve and wouldn’t have much
there anyway even if I was a girl, but it still mattered, because, because -

Fuck knows. Because I’m stupid. Because it’s stupid. Because.
There was a rustle on the edge of the clearing, the sort of deliberate noise a ninja makes to let
someone know they’re there. I tensed, scrambling to my feet and positioning myself so Bull
was at my back.

“Sorry,” Haku said, stepping out from under the trees. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”

“Haku?” I asked incredulously, dropping into a hesitant defensive position and regretting my
lack of weapons even more. “What are you doing here?”

He lifted the basket he was carrying, showing the neatly bundled plants laid in it. “I was
gathering some supplies,” he said. “Zabuza-sama and I are leaving in the morning.” I sensed
someone behind me, but didn’t want to risk taking my eyes off Haku. Bull didn’t react, so I
guessed they were one of the other dogs and ignored them.

“And what, you just came to say goodbye? We’re not friends.”

“No,” he said wistfully. “Though I’ve met a lot of ninja, and they are rarely kind. Perhaps we
would’ve been under different circumstances.”

“Konoha doesn’t make a habit of befriending missing nin,” Kakashi said, surprising me with
quite how close he was standing. Not a dog, then. Also, from the thinly veiled threat in his
tone, not feeling very forgiving at the moment. Haku, to his credit, didn’t seem phased by
having a jounin warn him off.

“Of course,” he said, dipping his head in a polite bow. “Your information was correct,
Kakashi-san. Gato has no plans to pay us, and we have no plans to work for free. The bridge
builder is not under threat from us.”

Kakashi didn’t respond. Haku smiled again, sad and somewhat rueful, and disappeared back
into the trees with a last nod at me and a soundless leap.

“Kakashi-sensei?” I asked quietly when Kakashi stayed where he was. He looked down at
me, then turned and started walking back to the house. I followed, Bull a comforting warmth
at my side.

“Why were you out so late?”

I kept my head tilted down, watching his ankles rather than risk seeing his expression. “I
couldn’t sleep. I thought training would help.” Thankfully, he didn’t comment on my choice
of training clothes. He didn’t comment on anything else, in fact, until we were back at the
house and he’d led us past it and down to a series of ponds that ringed the paved courtyard
out the back.

“They aren’t big on plants in Wave,” he said. “Someone told me that the trees grew when it
was much further inland, but as the sea got closer the salt poisoned the soil. Not much grows
outside the forest.”

I made a vague sound of acknowledgement and tried not to show how confused I was.
Kakashi sat by one of the ponds and Bull stretched out next to him, flopping onto his side
with a satisfied whuff. He cocked his head at me and lifted a paw invitingly until I sat down,
stroking a cautious hand over his surprisingly soft fur.

“Still,” Kakashi continued. “Water gardens can be just as beautiful. Maybe Tazuna will be
able to repair his when the bridge is finished.”

I squinted at the ponds. They were somewhat overgrown, but there was indeed a collection of
smooth stones that looked deliberately placed, and some larger leaves floating on the water
that might belong to lotus plants. It could, conceivably, be a garden. “I’m sure it’s on his to
do list,” I offered uncertainly.

We lapsed back into silence. After a while I resettled myself so I was leaning more heavily
against Bull to steal his warmth, shifting my hands to lazily scratch behind his ear. It wasn’t
quite the same as katas, but it was similar. Soothingly repetitive. Quiet.

“Do you know why I said I wouldn’t allow you or Naruto to be promoted to chunin?”

I paused in my scratching, frowning at the unexpected question. “So we won’t be
disappointed when we aren’t good enough?” I hazarded.

“You are, actually,” Kakashi corrected. I frowned deeper, and he raised his eyebrow at me.
“Maa, so doubtful. Your taijutsu is low to average chunin level. Your stealth is easily high
chunin - I couldn’t detect you after Haku sent you away at the bridge. I thought you’d gone.
Your ninjutsu… I need to teach you more, but you use what you have well. It’s not a question
of skill.”

As far as frank appraisals went, that was the most positive I’d ever had. I wasn’t counting the
academy - they’d had an annoying habit of treating me as the fabled last Uchiha, I was never
sure I’d actually earned my rookie of the year status. But if Kakashi had laid all of that out, it
meant that it wasn’t the lesson he wanted me to learn. I put it aside and tried to think through
what I knew of chunin and why he thought Sakura was ready and we weren’t.

Besides the obvious of me fucking up and Naruto still recovering from years of
misinformation and negligence.

“Sakura’s a leader,” I said slowly. “She’s good at making plans.” He hummed, turning back
to the pond. “She’s good at making plans for all of us,” I amended. “She thinks about the
team, not just her part of what she needs to do.”

“She does,” he agreed. “Chunin are often asked to lead teams, even ones they aren’t familiar
with. She might not be as strong as you or Naruto, but she knows how to use other people’s
strength to complete the mission.”

“Yet,” I said. “She’s not as strong yet. She’s going to get stronger though.”

“And you aren’t?” I didn’t have an answer to that. I think if I were following canon I’d’ve
unlocked my sharingan and be using it to hoard jutsus, but I wasn’t following canon. I wasn’t
even sure I wanted to, any more. “People used to be promoted much earlier,” Kakashi said,
moving past it. “Sometimes as young as six if they could fight well. If they were on a team
they usually operated under a more experienced team leader, but a lot of them ended up on
solo missions.”

I turned to face him, leaning forward in interest. The war - he was talking about the war.
After the war as well; Itachi had been chunin at six, hadn’t he?

“The thing about solo missions is you can’t screw up. The mission doesn’t allow it. If you
make a mistake and fix it, then you haven’t screwed up. If you can’t fix it, you die. No one
gets a second chance. And all these chunin, when they were integrated back into normal
teams, they were all the ones who’d survived. Who’d never allowed themselves to fail. They
were the fastest, the strongest, the luckiest; they went so long without backup they thought
they had to be invincible. Maybe not consciously, but it’s impossible to survive that much
from that young without it leaving a mark.”

He looked at me then, and I could barely breathe under the weight of his gaze.

“Invincible people take risks. Some of them were too confident because they’d always been
lucky before and it made them careless, with their lives and with their teams. Some of them
were too scared. They still believed they’d die if they failed, and if every risk goes bad in the
same way then there’s no downside to being reckless.” He paused, tilting his head. “It’s
surprisingly freeing, to know you won’t be around to see the consequences of your mistakes.”

Then, without even acknowledging that, he continued. “Once they were integrated back into
teams these chunin were running easier, safer missions than they’d ever done before - and
they died on them, exactly as if they’d still been on solo missions. Except now, their teams
died with them. They kept dying until the Hokage passed a law raising the graduation age,
because people who learn too young that they have to be invincible have a hard time
unlearning it. Do you understand?”

I nodded, then stilled my head and frowned. “I - yes. But I don’t think I’m invincible, that’s
not…?” I knew I made mistakes. Wasn’t that the problem?

“Isn’t it?” Kakashi asked. I frowned harder in confusion and he elaborated. “Your entire clan
died and you’re still here. You died, and you’re still here. That’s how you described it, isn’t
it? You died but it didn’t stick. Everyone else at the academy was going home to their
parents, but you looked after yourself. You were the best in class, and now you’re the best on
the team. I told you that your skills were easily chunin and you didn’t blink, because you
know it’s true. Why doesn’t that count?”

Because he was comparing me to kids and I was an adult. Because when I said I died and it
didn’t stick, I meant that literally and not in the genjutsu sense he thought. Because Itachi
killed the clan but he loved me too much to hurt me. Because all these things I’d supposedly
achieved, they didn’t matter because I hadn’t achieved them honestly. Because however
strong he thought I was, I wasn’t strong enough, and that was the only reason I could
conceivably say out loud so that’s the one I said.

“Why do you have to be?” he countered.
“Because -” I stopped, frustrated. Because I was the one who knew what was going to
happen, but I couldn’t say that. Because when canon got fucked, I had to be the one to fix it
because it was my fault when it changed and no one else would know anything was wrong.
Because.

“Everyone has to be stronger, don’t they?” I snapped. “It’s how you survive.”

“And yet Sakura’s the one who’s closest to being chunin.”

“But -” I stopped again. Sakura wasn’t as strong as me individually. Kakashi wanted me to
realise that she used the strengths of people around her to make up for it. That I should use
the strengths of people around me and stop relying on myself. It was the same fucking
teamwork lesson he’d been hammering home since the bell test, and what he didn’t get was
that it didn’t work.

Didn’t it? No. It didn’t. I had too many secrets. It wasn’t safe. He was talking about taking
too many risks, but the irony was that by keeping it to myself I was not risking it and that was
the whole point.

Wasn’t it? I couldn’t tell them. No one would - who tells people things like that. You sit on
them, and you stress, and then you get over it and save the world.

By yourself.

Because you couldn’t trust your team to keep you safe.

His hand on my head startled me out of my thoughts and I looked up at him with wide eyes.
“Maa,” he said. “It’s normal for genin not to pass the chunin exams on their first try. It’s more
for practice than anything else.” He smiled at me, eye dipping into the familiar crescent U.
“You’ll pass later, Sasuke-kun.”

It felt like a peace offering, and I put my growing doubts about my choices aside and offered
him a tentative smirk. “You say that now,” I said, “But there’s still a month to go, right? Me
and Naruto could surprise you.”

“Is that so? He is Konoha’s number one unpredictable knucklehead, I suppose. Saa, do you
want to learn a jutsu? It makes just enough light to read by, but it’s a pain to hold the jutsu
and the book at the same time.”

“Wha - Kakashi-sensei, I’m not lighting up your porn.”

Bull gave a soft bork of agreement and I snuggled back into him in satisfaction as Kakashi
visibly drooped. There was still something fragile there, but… I don’t know, better? Yeah,
better. Still complicated, I still fucked up, but it didn’t feel like I was going to get dropped
from the team if I breathed wrong. Maybe Kakashi never meant to drop me. I didn’t know
what he’d’ve done if Sakura hadn’t chosen to keep me.

I had a sudden image of myself as a civilian, dressed in impractical, pretty clothes, tearing out
the poisons in my garden and replacing them with an unashamedly bright array of flowers.
Orange ones. Pink. Red roses, with tight spirals of petals around a dark centre.

“Would you really have taken my headband?” I asked before I could stop myself, the words
spilling out into the quiet calm. I froze, then forced myself not to react.

“Ah, maybe,” Kakashi said, eye-smiling back at me. “You never know, it might have made
you tall.”

I pulled a face, allowing myself to relax again. “Yeah, laugh it up,” I grumbled. “Like your
dream was any better.” I tried to think what he’d said back at the introduction on the academy
roof, then frowned when I remembered. “You didn’t even have one,” I accused. “At least tall
is better than that.”

“I didn’t, did I?” he mused. “Well. If your dream is to be tall then I guess mine must be to be
short.”

“Sensei.”

“Just you wait, Sasuke. One day I’ll be shorter than all three of my cute little genin. It’s my
new life ambition.”

“Sensei no.”

“Maa, you wouldn’t deny old sensei his dream, would you?”

“I wouldn’t be the one denying it. People don’t grow down.”

“I could try,” he said cheerfully, and I huffed, but this time when I leaned back against Bull
and occupied my hands with providing belly rubs, my thoughts were steady.

I wasn’t going to be like his too-young chunin. I had a team, we were going to get stronger
together, and even if I kept the most dangerous of my secrets to myself I wasn’t going to try
and save the world on my own. I’d be better than that.



Gato’s death was announced the next day. Wave celebrated. People cheered in the streets.
Inari followed through on his threat to teach me about taxes and forced me to sit and listen
while he recounted how reinvestment in infrastructure would ensure a fair distribution of
wealth - or something along those lines; he still wasn’t sure on some of the words.

What he was sure on was that the money Gato had extorted from Wave rightfully belonged to
the people and not to the remaining few thugs hanging round his property. Tazuna apparently
had plans to develop the road network once the bridge was finished, so that heavily laden
carts and wagons could reach the various shops and businesses they needed to get to without
needing to be unloaded first.

“And,” he told me later, barely remembering to hang back a safe distance while I went
through my katas, “And Grandpa said Gato had so much money that we could even put up a
memorial in the town square, right, for my dad and for everyone who didn’t give up and all
the people Gato hurt so that they can see that we beat him and he’d teach me how to carve
some of the names in the stone, how cool is that?”

“Very cool,” I agreed absently, trying to use my chakra to work a shuriken free from the tree
it was stuck in on the other side of the clearing. I’d put the wire aside for now, but I’d
discovered - annoyingly - that if I added just a bit of water into the kawarimi tendrils I
reached out with, it enhanced the solidity of the chakra enough that I could almost use it as an
extra hand.

A clumsy, fingerless hand with the grip strength of a geriatric pheasant, but. You know. A
hand.

“You’re not listening.”

I buried a grimace. It was good, I reminded myself, that Inari had come out of his shell. Still,
though. I hadn’t got any better with kids.

“You convinced the village to rise up against the thugs and take back everything Gato took
from you,” I dutifully recited. “Kakashi let you borrow the dogs and everything was amazing
and when you grow up you’re going to make sure no one ever attacks the village again.”

Ninja situational awareness. It had many uses.

“Yeah but you weren’t listening properly.”

The shuriken came loose and drifted erratically back towards my hand. “I’m busy,” I told him
bluntly. “Go bother someone else, I have to train.”

“You’re always training though, and you’re not even going to be here for long.” He sounded
almost back to his previous levels of pouty at that, and I spared a frustrated glance over at
where he was sitting next to Bull. Naruto and Sakura were on the other side of the training
field, running through a Pakkun-supervised taijutsu spar, and Kakashi was, presumably, out
patrolling while Tazuna’s crew put the finishing touches on the bridge.

“I have to train,” I explained, trying to leave as little room for argument as possible. “I’m a
ninja, I need to be able to protect people.”

“Grandpa wouldn’t make you be a ninja,” he said sulkily. “You could stay and protect people
by reducing unemploryment.”

“Yeah, well.” I shrugged, awkward but unmoving. “The world doesn’t work like that. Are
you going to let me practice or are you going to go home and keep whining out of earshot?”

He glowered at me but sunk stubbornly down until he was practically on the floor he was
slouching that much. Behind him, Bull gave an amused whuff and resettled himself to be a
comfier pillow.

“Good enough,” I muttered, and turned back to my shurikens.
Of course, given that we were now on an extended training mission as per Kakashi’s ground
rules after the debacle at the bridge, it was entirely coincidence that we set off for home the
day after the bridge itself was done. Sheer lucky happenstance. What mysterious ways the
universe works in. Why Tazuna was trying to credit us by naming the bridge after us, I
honestly couldn’t say.

“The Great Ninja Battle Bridge!” he proclaimed cheerfully.

“Saa, that’s bad luck, isn’t it?” Kakashi said, awkwardly scratching his cheek through his
mask. “You don’t want to scare people away from it.”

“Something this grand needs a name to live up to,” Tazuna protested. “But if you don’t like
Battle Bridge… The Awesome Sharingan no Kakashi Bridge of Doom!”

You could literally see Kakashi shrivel up and die inside.

“Dog Bridge,” Pakkun suggested.

“Konoha Bridge, believe it!”

“But it’s not in Konoha. And it doesn’t lead to Konoha. It’s in Wave.”

“The Seven Bridge?” Sakura suggested. “Seven is our team, and it’s also a lucky number.”

“The Lucky Seven Bridge,” Tazuna repeated with a satisfied huff. “For the lucky Team Seven
who saw it be built. Wave will never forget what you did! You’ll be heroes here, for as long
as the bridge stands!” He beamed at all of us, so infectiously positive that both Sakura and
Naruto stood straighter and even Kakashi stopped trying to fade through the floor.

I resettled my bag on my shoulders and gave a noncommittal hn of acknowledgement.
Tazuna’s views of what made a hero clearly didn’t match up with mine. Looking away from
him though made my gaze land on Inari, whose eyes were shining as he tried not to cry.

I felt a brief stab of guilt. He’d never got the talk he needed from Naruto, had he? Though
he’d been doing better recently, probably in reaction to Tazuna’s incessessant cheer at the
bridge’s progress. I waved hesitantly as everyone said their goodbyes and watched him wave
back with far too much enthusiasm, and hoped that Tazuna would be enough for him.

“Alright,” Kakashi said once we were on the road. “It took us five days to get here, travelling
with a civilian and sticking to known roads. How long does it take us to get back?”

“Three?” Naruto guessed. Sakura paused, working through her calculations, then nodded in
confirmation.

“Maa, that’s pretty slow,” Kakashi said. “Maybe you need a better incentive… Shiba?”

The grey dog practically vibrated to attention. “Oh god,” I said, as both Sakura and Naruto
sprang forward into a sprint with wide eyes.
  “Fetch,” Kakashi finished gleefully, and I kawarimid with the furthest rock I could find and
  left the other two in the dust. Those who abandoned their team were less than trash but Shiba
  was vicious.



Chapter End Notes



    - Endeth the Wave Arc -

    Writing emotional scenes in first person is. A lot. But I'm so unbelievably overwhelmed
    by all your comments and kudos and everything so <3 to all of you.

    I'm going to take a few days break again to sort out the next few chapters so I'll see you
    again at the end of the week. Before I go though! If you're not in the habit of reading the
    comments then they might be worth a peruse; not only are some of you readers
    hilariously spot on with your call-outs, I also go into a bit more of the things I want to
    show in the narrative but can't because of using a first person point of view.

    Including, for the last chapter's comments, a mini AU ficlet of what-if-DANZO that
    fakeivy ambushed me with a prompt for. So. Have a nosy if you fancy.
                                       Chapter 14: Third arc: I
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   “Home,” Sakura moaned as Konoha’s gates finally loomed above us.

   “I’m going to eat twelve bowls of Ichiraku’s,” Naruto said in fervent agreement.

   “And sleep in a real bed. For a week.”

   “What was wrong with the beds we had?” I asked, confused. They’d seemed normal to me -
   if anything, they were comfier than the futon waiting for me in my kitchen-home. Though
   maybe that was from putting our sleeping rolls out on top of them, I could always try that.

   “They weren’t beds, bastard. They were big cushions on the floor.”

   “That’s what futons are though?”

   “Yeah, but you only use futons for guests,” Sakura said, stretching lazily. “And guests don’t
   usually stay for a month. Only old people sleep on futons all the time.”

   I opened my mouth to deny it, then closed it again with a frown. Now that I thought about it,
   there were actual beds in the other bedrooms. I’d even slept on one when I was little, before
   Itachi turned the rest of the house into a place of death that I didn’t use. It was entirely
   possible that my futon was, in fact, a guest futon. “Oh.”

   Pakkun trotted up to give me a sympathetic pat on the foot. “I like cushions on the floor,” he
   said. “You’re fine.”

   “... Thanks Pakkun.”

   “I am a dog though. I’m a lot hardier than you two-legged types.”

   “Thanks Pakkun.”

   “Hey, where do you sleep?” Naruto asked him, gesturing at the rest of the pack. “Does
   Kakashi-sensei have, like, a whole room of dog beds for you?”

   Guruko gave a short yip that I assumed was meant to be laughter, and Kakashi shot him - and
   Uhei, who was also sporting a tongue-lolling grin - a quelling look. I immediately pictured all
   eight dogs piling on top of him and stealing his blanket. “They sleep in the spirit realm,
   actually,” he said. “Almost all summons do.”

   “You’re summons?” Naruto asked. “I thought summons were - ow, Sakura-chan.”

   “Does this mean you won’t be staying when we get back to the village?” she asked,
   completely ignoring Naruto. Probably wise; none of the dogs seemed the sort to get offended
easily, but nobody liked being told they weren’t cool enough to be a summons. Or whatever
adjective Naruto had been going for. Big, maybe? Konoha had a bad habit of romanticising
summons because of the sannin, but in truth most of them were small and rarely used in
battle. Eight individual dogs anchored to the physical realm for as long as the pack had been
summoned for was damn impressive, particularly when you considered how large they were
and how much chakra it must take to keep them all sustained. They might not tower over
buildings, sure, but they were a far cry from tadpoles and finger-length baby slugs.

When you put it like that it was something of a surprise Kakashi hadn't dismissed any of
them after the fight on the bridge. Was it just easier to have the whole pack rather than one or
two, or had Kakashi been that shaken that he needed the extra support? He’d basically run the
mission by himself after he’d relegated us to training. Not that there’d been any more fights,
but. Still.

“We have our own home,” Pakkun was explaining to Sakura when I tuned back in, and
despite myself I felt a twinge of sadness. I’d got used to having Bull around. The others too,
but Bull was the one who usually stuck closest, and he was comfy to lean against. “We’ll be
around though. It’s not good for puppies to grow up too far from the pack, they go wonky.”

“Saa, so harsh to my cute little students,” Kakashi said. “As if I’d ever let that happen to
them.”

“You were wonky when you were a puppy -”

“And here we are! Back at Konoha, how delightful, say goodbye to the dogs kids they’re
going home.” And with an obviously fake eye smile and a casual hand gesture that barely
counted as a seal, he dismissed the entire pack in one go.

“Kakashi-dick-sensei!” Naruto complained. One of the chunin on duty disguised his reaction
as a sudden cough, and Sakura glared at me.

Rude. Maybe Naruto learnt his bad language by himself, did she ever think of that. He
could’ve read it in a book. The back of a ramen packet, even.

We showed our IDs and passed through the usual security checks, but Kakashi stopped us
before we could start aiming for the Hokage tower.

“Hospital first, kidlingtons. You need a checkup before you can do anything else.”

“We’re not hurt though,” I pointed out, wrinkling my nose. I hadn’t been back to the hospital
since waking up there after the massacre, and I wasn’t keen on breaking my streak.

“Standard procedure,” he chirped. “Shoo.”

The three of us looked at each other. Sakura nodded imperceptibly and put on her best polite
little girl smile. “But sensei, don’t you need a checkup as well? Your health is important!”

“Maa,” he waved her off. “I went before we left. Debriefing in an hour, see you at the
Hokage’s office. Bye!” And, in an over-the-top swirl of shunshin leaves, he was gone.
“Naruto?” Sakura asked, raising an eyebrow at him.

He squinted. “He got most of them, but I think I’ve still got a clone in his book.”

It took me a second to work out which book he meant, but really, there was only one Kakashi
carried around. “You hide clones in his porn?”

“It’s a boring page! Nothing happens on it, he never checks that page!”

“How would you know nothing happens?” I asked. “You've never read it.”

Both Naruto and Sakura blushed, looking at each other then studiously at the ground. I
blinked. I mean, porn was fine if it was written respectfully and exploring sexuality was
healthy and all that, but. Twelve. “Hospital,” I said, in a strangled voice. “We should go. Get
checked out. Up. Have a checkup.”

“See,” Naruto said, hurrying to walk beside me, “This is why we didn’t include you when we
stole it. You’re all innocent.”

I missed a step and nearly stumbled and Sakura flapped a hand at me, her face now so red it
clashed with both her dress and her hair at the same time. “Not that that’s a bad thing,
Sasuke-kun! You’re really cute! Ah, that is, it’s sweet that you get embarrassed -”

“You’re the ones blushing!”

“Bastard, your ears are bright red.”

“Lie.”

                                              ___

Interlude: Kakashi and the Sandaime

“Yo. Sorry for being late, I had to fight a guy with a sword and save a puppy from a bad
man.”

“... That better not be your full mission report, Kakashi. Where are your team?”

“Around. Which mind healer did Sasuke see after watching his brother kill his clan?”

A pause.

“While I’m glad to see you taking an interest in your team, that is a rather alarming request to
receive without context. Did -”

“No reason. Just curious. His hospital records only mentioned a four day period of
unconsciousness and a general flag for survivor’s guilt.”

“... Do I take it then you disagree with their analysis? Young Sasuke-kun didn’t actually
witness any of the murders; his brother knocked him out immediately after he entered the
compound. He was retrieved by ANBU and placed under guard before he could be harmed.”

“So none. No mind healer.”

“Kakashi. What are these questions in aid of?”

Another pause, tenser and heavier than before. One side thinks, but doesn’t say: His brother
was loyal, he was never at risk. The other side thinks, but doesn’t say: His brother
traumatised him, he's a danger to himself.

When the pause breaks, it’s flippant. “Paperwork.”

“Paperwork.”

“Mm. Can’t find the ones for Naruto getting his shots. Wondered what else was missing.”

“Kakashi.”

“Ah, if you didn’t like my mission report, I’d best get my team and submit a proper one.”

“If you have reason to believe that one of my ninja is compromised -”

“With all due respect, Hokage-sama, you had him for five years. I’ll schedule the debrief on
my way out.”

                                             ___

Turns out, Kakashi was telling the truth; it was standard (if frequently neglected) procedure
for a med-nin to check any injuries sustained on a mission, even if all they did was ask
enough questions to make sure the correct field treatments were applied and then run a
glowing hand over the wound to make sure it’d healed right.

“What would you do if it hadn’t?” I asked, standing stock still and staring ahead as the nurse
held her palm by the faint scar over my ribcage.

“It depends how bad it is,” she said. “Sometimes we can fix it, sometimes we need to rebreak
things and start again. But don’t worry, Uchiha-kun, you’re all good.” She stepped away and
I let my shirt fall gratefully, trying not to let my discomfort show. I don’t think I was too
successful - she gave me an amused smile that said she knew exactly how most shinobi felt
about the hospital, and I huffed and slunk back to where Naruto and Sakura were waiting at
the edge of the room.

“That’s you two all done then,” the nurse continued. “Haruno-chan, remember to keep an eye
on how much chakra enhancement you use, but other than that you both seem in good
health.” She started tidying up, nodding at us in clear dismissal, and Sakura frowned in
confusion.

“Ah, Nurse-san, Naruto took a lot of senbon wounds…?”
“He’ll be fine,” she answered, grabbing what looked like a random clipboard and angling for
a door at the back of the room. “He’s hard to get rid of.” She smiled at us again, and closed
the door behind her as she left.

I was completely blind-sided. I’d forgotten how Naruto was treated. A month out of Konoha
had spoiled me, apparently, and the return to reality was unpleasantly stark. What if he’d
been hurt? What if the senbon had been laced with a slow acting poison? What if he was
dying and she was being an accessory to murder because of her stupid prejudices and her tiny
fucking worm brain.

“I’m going to get her fired,” I said, glaring at the door.

“Bastard, no.”

“Bastard yes,” I hissed. I wasn’t sure how - a nurse was a more difficult target than a sushi-
chef - but I knew what she looked like and I was good at stealth, it would be easy enough to
get her name and go from there.

“No,” Naruto insisted. I shifted my glare to him, but instead of looking angry like he should
he just seemed sad. “It’s not her fault,” he said.

“She just refused you medical treatment,” Sakura cut in. He shrugged, like that was nothing,
like it was normal, and I dug my fingers into my fists to stop myself reaching for a shuriken.
Or a kunai, I wasn’t fussy. The hospital was full of potential weapons. Chairs, for instance.

“Healing factor, remember? C’mon, we need to go to the Hokage tower.”

He started walking and we followed him to avoid being left behind, but Sakura was still
frowning. “We don’t know how your healing works,” she protested. “And what about
checking it healed right, she even said that was important. If you heal something wrong you
could end up in permanent pain.”

I made a distressed noise and spun on my heel to go back to the room. Naruto caught me with
an arm around my chest and used his bigger frame to drag me down the corridor.

“Look, I’m fine, ok?” he said. “It’s not great but I know why it happens and I’m working on
it. It’ll be better.”

“When you’re Hokage?” I asked, pulling myself out of his grip with a huff. “That’s bullshit,
you deserve better than to have to wait -”

“Sasuke.” He jostled his shoulder against mine and smiled, soft and pleased and fond, and my
anger died in my mouth. “Thank you. But we really do need to go, we’ll be late for the
debriefing.”

“... Hn.” I’d let it go. For now. Because he wanted me to, and because it seemed rude to upset
a smile like that. I caught Sakura’s eye instead then paused questioningly at the way her gaze
was darting between us. “What?”
“Nothing,” she said, looking away. “Just a thought. Sorry.” She cleared her throat, then
focussed back on Naruto. “Is it to do with what happened in Wave? The jutsu you used when
were fighting Haku, the one you said was cursed.”

Sometimes it was easy to forget how smart Sakura was because she spent most of her time in
fights punching things really hard until they broke, but then she casually connected the
village’s bad treatment of Naruto to chakra she saw him use literally once and you remember
that she’s actually terrifying.

Naruto stiffened. “Yeah,” he said. “It’s… not quite a jutsu, um, I…”

“It’s ok,” Sakura said, smiling and projecting a deliberately casual aura. “You don’t have to
tell us. Whenever you’re ready.”

“... Yeah,” he said, smiling back, and some of the tenseness fell out both their shoulders.
They lapsed into a skin-crawling awkward post-feelings silence and I cast around desperately
for a way to break it before it suffocated someone.

“Still going to fight people who insult you.”

“No.”



“... And following that, we didn’t make contact with either of the enemy ninja again. There
were no further disruptions to Tazuna-san’s work until Gato was murdered and some of his
thugs attempted to cause problems for the village, but they were driven off without our
intervention.”

As far as verbal reports went, Sakura’s was as good as a genin could be expected to give. It
didn’t make it any less weird to hear it all laid out; bland, dry, even boring. She’d skipped
over the more personal areas - thankfully - and though I wasn’t too sure what the guidelines
were for what did or didn’t need to be included in a report, I’m pretty sure she covered
everything.

Naruto’s use of the kyuubi, my issues with drowning, Sakura being put on the spot as team
leader and asked to decide if I’d be allowed to stay - these were private things. Team Seven
only. Hokage or not, the Sandaime wasn’t on the list of people who were allowed to know.

… Potentially the kyuubi could maybe have counted as a matter of national interest, but if
Naruto wasn’t volunteering to share then we were going to respect his wishes and keep
spoilers to a minimum because he was our teammate and we were bros like that.

Kakashi clearly agreed, because he didn’t make any move to correct Sakura’s report. He did
lift an eyebrow in my direction though, holding it there until I stepped forward and admitted,
“I came across Haku in the forest the night before Gato was found dead. He confirmed that
Gato wasn’t paying them and that they’d be leaving, but didn’t say anything other than that.”
“Interesting,” the Sandaime said. “And do you know why he sought you out in particular,
Sasuke?”

My first response was to say that it was chance that I happened to be the one out that night,
but seeing as ninja rarely believed in coincidences I held that back. If I were looking
underneath the underneath, the obvious answer would be that I saved his life and he saved
mine - though, those were among the details we hadn’t shared. If mission reports covered
blow by blow accounts of battles, they’d be… how long was that chapter? Five thousand
words? Six? Longer than a mission report would ever want to be.

But though I could explain the life saving - Haku saved me because he was soft and I saved
him because I was an idiot - that wasn’t enough reason for him to say goodbye. Unless… it
was? Not everything had to be four layers deep in backstabbing and conspiracy. “I think he
was lonely,” I said slowly. “He wasn’t much older than us, and he told Naruto some of his
history. It’s possible that he saw us as being in similar positions and was trying to make a
connection based off of that.”

“Hm,” the Hokage said. “You may be right. It’s telling though that he attempted to connect
with you two and not with Sakura. I’m not fond of the idea of people poaching my genin.”
There was an odd emphasis on the way he said that, combined with an eyebrow raised at
Kakashi that made me wonder if I was missing something. Kakashi didn’t react though, and it
was probably something from his past so I let it go to focus on the real problem.

Namely: that the Sandaime thought Haku’s entire personality was a lie to lure me and Naruto
away from Konoha. Ludicrous. The Hokage admittedly had never met Haku, but I had, and I
was offended on his behalf.

“Haku’s not like that, old man Hokage!” Naruto protested, because clearly he was the only
other sensible person in the room.

“Plus you’re implying Sakura’s weak,” I added. “Which she isn’t. Haku saw her fight, he’d
know that.” The so would you if you paid attention you moron I left unsaid, because he was
the head of a violent and brutal military dictatorship, but I didn’t leave it unsaid very much
because he was wrong and he needed to know it.

“I apologise, Sakura-chan, I didn’t mean to imply otherwise,” he said, in what I personally
thought of as a gratingly unapologetic tone. “Merely that orphaned members of clans known
to have powerful kekkei genkei are statistically more likely to be recruitment targets.
Whether it was the case here or not, it’s something you three should be aware of, hm?”

“Well, it’s dumb,” Naruto said with his trademark bluntness and crossed his arms for better
pouting. “Neither the bastard or I are going anywhere. We’re Konoha.”

I raised my chin in agreement and very carefully didn’t think about my brother. Or canon-
Sasuke. Or the less than fanatically loyal thoughts I had towards the Sandaime for allowing
the village to treat Naruto the way it did. And the way he encouraged a system that put clan
kids so far above civilians it was a miracle Sakura had made it as far as she had. The way
he’d had my entire family murdered and used my brother to do it. The way -
I didn’t think, ok. Carefully. These are not the traitorous thoughts you are looking for. Move
on.

“I’m glad to hear it,” the Sandaime said with a grandfatherly smile. “And I’m glad to hear
that the three of you represented Konoha so well. A mission like that… I should say it’s A-
rank, wouldn’t you?” He reached for an official looking seal and stamped it over one of the
forms Sakura had filled out under Kakashi’s somewhat helpful direction, then handed it over
to her. “Congratulations, Team Seven. An impressive start to your careers.”

Still carefully non-treasonous, I followed the other two into a bow and then out the room.
Naruto, I noted sourly, was back to bouncing with excitement, his annoyance completely
mollified by the Hokage’s praise. It wasn’t his fault. The Hokage was one of the few people
he’d been allowed to interact with before Team Seven happened, he could be forgiven for not
holding a grudge.

I, on the other hand, held grudges like a champ. Whatever reason Naruto had for being sad
and accepting of the village’s treatment of him instead of yelling in outrage - though, he’d
been angry in Wave, hadn’t he? When he’d been trying to prove to Haku that people weren’t
tools and you couldn’t discard them. I’d been too busy to pay it much mind at the time, but…
That came from years of neglect. One conversation and discovering a nindo didn’t change it.

Not that it should be changed. Konoha’s treatment of its jinchuuriki was stupid even before
you considered that Naruto of all people deserved so much more. If anything, Naruto should
more pissed off, not less, and if he was struggling then I was happy to be angry for him.

“It pays how much?” Sakura squeaked, interrupting my thoughts. She took the packet the
woman on the missions desk was offering her with numb, almost shaking hands.

“A-rank, four man team, month duration…” The kunoichi grinned, clearly amused by
Sakura’s reaction. “Yup, that’s the amount. I mean, if you don’t want it then there’re these
nunchaku I’ve been eying up, we could make a deal?”

“Thank you for the offer,” Sakura answered on autopilot politeness, cradling the mission pay
against her chest. “We, um. Need to go and rescue a cat. From. It’s stuck in a tree. Sorry.”

She bowed and started quick-marching away, and I heard the kunoichi bark out a laugh
behind us. “Hatake, your weirdness is contagious!”

“I’m so proud of my adorable little monkeys,” Kakashi said, pretending to wipe a tear from
the corner of his eye. “All grown up. So cute.” He held the pose for a second to draw out the
moment while Naruto pulled a face at him, then clapped his hands together to catch our
attention. “Downtime tomorrow. No training, no missions. Sasuke, get a jacket so you don’t
have to keep stealing Naruto’s. Everyone else, replenish supplies, have a nap, whatever takes
your fancy. Normal start time the day after that, don’t be late!”

He gave us a jaunty wave and poofed out in a cloud of bunshin smoke. I wondered idly when
he’d switched; was it rude to send a clone to talk to the Hokage instead of appearing in
person? Wait. If that had been a clone, what had the original Kakashi been doing? He didn’t
spam clones needlessly like Naruto did.
“Hey, Naruto. What did your porn book clone overhear?”

He scratched the back of his head sheepishly. “It hasn’t dispelled yet, sorry. It usually takes a
few days.”

Well, that was an annoyance. “Can’t you dispel them on purpose?”

“If they’re people shaped I can, but the henged ones are trickier. I think so? I haven’t worked
out how though.”

Was it lazy to want the combination of the unending clone army and the god-modded henge
to fix all my problems? Probably. Wasn’t going to stop me doing it though.

We paused outside the tower, waiting for Sakura to pick a direction. She stood in the doorway
and stared unseeingly at the village before us.

I shifted my pack on my shoulders.

“Um,” Naruto said eventually, sharing an unsure look with me. “Sakura-chan?”

“We got paid,” she whispered.

“Yes? We did a mission. Even if half of it was just training.”

She shook her head. “We got paid,” she repeated, clearly not satisfied that we’d understood.

I rolled my eyes, and turned her in the vague direction of where I thought she lived. “Home,”
I instructed, giving her a push. “Showers make everything better. You can deal with the
money later.”

“At Ichiraku’s!” Naruto called after her as she shambled unsteadily away from us. “At seven.
It’s our team thing, believe it!”

“Paid,” she mumbled in what I guessed to be agreement. I watched just enough to check she
wasn’t aimed at a wall, then took my own advice and started home. For a shower.

With no one else waiting for the hot water.



I didn’t sleep that night. Ichiraku’s was comfortably relaxed in a way it felt like we hadn’t
been in a long time, and listening to Naruto retell the highlights of the mission was… nice.
Cathartic, almost. Sakura’s mission report had been as dry and stark as any formal report
should be, and though I didn’t have anyone to tell the story to, the one that ran through my
head focussed heavily on all the parts I’d screwed up and how I could have handled things
better.

Naruto’s version of events though sounded like an adventure. We defeated the demon
brothers, discovered there was a greater evil afoot than merely bandits on the road, and swore
unflinchingly to help good triumph over it. We faced down an enemy much stronger than
ourselves by using our teamwork and wiley cunning, and we learnt powerful techniques to be
even stronger when it came to the rematch. We discovered that our so-called enemies were
being manipulated into fighting against us and saved them from Gato’s betrayal, and in turn
they rose up against their master and freed the village from his iron grip. People celebrated.
We left waves as heroes. There were dogs. It was really cool.

And yeah, maybe it was. In a heavily edited retelling with Teuchi and Ayame gasping and
cheering at appropriate points, it was really cool. I shouldn’t let go of the things I did wrong
or the many ways I needed to improve, but maybe… I didn’t have to forget the other stuff?

Heavy thoughts when you’re full of ramen and it’s finally late enough in spring that the
evenings are warm again, but like I said, cathartic. Sakura’s hair was loose in her old style, I
was in my yukata (I’d spent a month in only work clothes or pyjamas, the yukata by itself
was enough of a luxury to make the world a better place) and Naruto was five bowls down
and still going strong, making sure that Teuchi knew that Wave’s cuisine was primarily rice
and fish centric and that they were in desperate need of someone importing some noodles and
showing them how to make real food.

Walking home after, I was relaxed. My share of the mission pay was in an envelope in my
pocket, I was idly working out how many shuriken it would buy me (a lot - A-ranks paid
well), and Plushie-tan was waiting on my rolled up futon when I pushed open the kitchen
door.

“Hey,” I greeted him, taking him off the futon to lay it out and putting him down with his
face turned to the wall. “Pyjama time. Did you know Naruto calls them jimjams?” I shrugged
out of my yukata and threw my balled up socks vaguely near the washing pile. “Jimjams,
Plushie-tan. He has these proper old fashioned button-up pyjamas and a walrus sleeping cap.
Does he even know what a walrus is? Maybe it’s not a walrus. Maybe it’s a really weird
frog.” The neatly folded stack of clothes I was looking through contained, shockingly, only
my normal outfits and I pushed them aside with a dissatisfied sound. “Why are all my clothes
black,” I pouted. “I’m in a good mood. I want good mood pyjamas. Maybe I’ll spend my
mission pay on pink things with blue ribbons, see what Itachi says to that.”

I paused. I’d said it as a joke, but…

Why were my pyjamas black? There were about the only things I had that weren’t Itachi’s
castoffs. I’d bought them, new, and chosen them to be black because everything I wore was
black. Because Itachi wore black.

I pulled out a random pair of soft pants and a loose sleeveless top and tugged them on,
vaguely unsettled by the logic but not quite sure where I’d gone wrong. Or if I’d gone wrong.
“You can look now,” I told Plushie-tan absently, turning him back around and shifting him
down to my pillow. “Naruto’s jimjams are blue. Really pale blue. You’d think they’d be
orange but they’re not.”

I wasn’t sure why I felt the need to share that, but talking to Plushie-tan had always helped
me work things out before. Not that there was anything to work out. They were just pyjamas.
I said goodnight, lay in bed with the cover pulled over me and the light off, and I didn’t sleep
that night.



It was still bothering me the next day. We had a day off, no missions, no training, and I didn’t
have any civilian clothes. The yukata felt like too much of an evening thing, I didn’t want to
wear it during the day. That left me with black. And grey, for the shirt, but everything else -
including my socks, the fabric of my headband, my sandals - all black. All Itachi’s. Except
the socks and the headband.

“Stop being so pathetic,” I told myself, turning the tap to cold and washing my face more
vigorously than it needed. “They’re just clothes. Itachi’s things are practical, it doesn’t mean
anything. If you want other colours get other colours. No one cares.”

I didn’t care. Nor did Plushie-tan, who gave his usual taciturn approval when I asked him. “In
fact,” I told him around a mouthful of apple, “You know how much I don’t care? I’m going to
clear out the other rooms. It’s stupid to only live in the kitchen. If Naruto and Sakura get to
sleep on real beds then I should get to sleep on a real bed, screw the futon.”

I had a couple of hours before we were meant to meet at the weapon shop, and unless Naruto
had any plans, the whole of the afternoon free as well. Sakura wanted to do some things with
her family after being away for a month, and as apologetic as she’d been neither of us had
begrudged her the time. I had some work to do in the garden - I was aiming for rustically
unpruned, yes, but it was rocking a bit too much of an overgrown wilds theme at the moment
and I was looking forward to sorting it out. Other than that, I needed to restock the kitchen
(I’d only picked up a couple of basic things on my way home yesterday), top up supplies, and
get the jacket Kakashi had instructed me to. Probably have team lunch somewhere. Plenty of
time to clear out the house, and, because I deserved it, I could even splash out on a shiny new
outfit and get rid of the damn black.

It was a faultless plan. I nodded to myself decisively and approached the main part of the
house with a positive mindset. Productive, forward looking, good for the soul; I’d matured
and developed as a character, and the barrier of the house was nothing to the new and
improved me.

I slid the door open. Optimism radiated off me in palpable waves. It was going to be easy. I
literally couldn’t fuck this up. What could go wrong? All I had to do was lift my foot and
take one step into the room. Simple.

I allowed myself a moment of hesitation, then grit my teeth and shook myself out of it. There
was nothing to hesitate for. I didn’t even have to flick the light on; it was day, the sun was
shining in through the windows. I could see it glinting off the dust motes. There was a lot of
dust. I could see - My fingers dug into my thigh and the shoji screen doors cast patterned
shadows on the empty floor where the tatami mats used to be and apparently I was a piece of
fucking garbage because I couldn’t take - it was one pissing step - I wasn’t seven years old,
I’d never been seven years old in this world and if canon-Sasuke could live in his house then
fucking so could I -
I leaned back against the kitchen wall and gasped for breath, holding my chest as though I’d
been drowning again.

“Fuckdamnit,” I swore. “Stupid. Stupid. Fuck.”

See, Kakashi. I was under zero illusions about my invincibility. I might be a piece of shit but
at least my eyes were wide open. I didn’t even need the sharingan to see the truth. Which was
lucky, because I didn’t have it. Add it to the tally. Ten more things Uchiha Sasuke’s imposter
fucked up for him: number eight will shock you.

“Oh my god, shut up,” I hissed. “Get over it. If you can’t get over it, move past it. Go feed
the fish or something. Clean out the fountain. Something.”

I gave myself another minute, waiting for my heart to stop racing and my breathing to even
out. The fish food lived in a jar on the windowsill, and though I’d rigged a mechanism out of
wire and timer-seals to feed the koi while I was gone it had probably run out by now. Not that
I liked the fish. I didn’t. Starving them seemed a bit harsh though when they didn’t ask for
anything else from me.

“Maybe you should,” I told them, scowling as they crowded up to the surface in search of
pellets. “You don’t do anything. You just sit here all day in this stupid pond trusting me to
keep you alive, how the fuck are you meant to cope if you won’t look after yourself?”

They didn’t answer, just flashed their fins at the surface and mouthed hopefully for more. If
I’d actually gone ahead and died would anyone have taken over feeding them? Most were
inherited with my parents’ pond, but three I’d found in one of the abandoned gardens and
carried here in a bucket.

“Maybe you should ask for more,” I repeated, quieter. There were a lot of abandoned gardens
in the Uchiha district. Maybe more abandoned fish once, though probably not any more.

“Tazuna had these rock stacks in his pond in Wave,” I continued, trying to shift my focus. “I
could build you a rock garden. Maybe we could move house and your new pond can have a
massive rock waterfall in it. With littler waterfalls on top. And… a honeysuckle. All spilling
over with flowers and smelling nice.”

It wasn’t going to happen, I knew. I was Uchiha - the Uchiha district was my home. It’d
always been my home. Abandoned gardens and all. I just… needed to sort some things out,
that was all.

“I like honeysuckles,” I said, still in the same quiet tone.

Gardens weren’t meant to be colourful, not like they were back in my old life. Here, they
were meant to be beautiful, a calm oasis recreating the untamable harmony of nature. I had…
what, three flowering plants? And the red maple tree. Old, established, inherited, carefully
placed to be quiet and peaceful and delicately highlight the overwhelming green.

I chewed my lip, considering the fish. “It’s my garden,” I told them, hesitantly. I’d never been
scared of the garden the way I’d been scared of the house.
They swam in drifting patterns, mouthing at the fingers I trailed in the water. I’d never paid
them much attention before - fish, pond, wet - but they were pretty. Bright. No pink, but a lot
of orange, thrown in messy splotches over patches of white and red.

“I know,” I said, pushing at the water with my chakra to make tiny waves. I wasn’t sure what
I was agreeing to, but I’d missed talking to things and the fish made good listeners. “Look, I
have another hand. All the fingers. Do you want to see a trick? Here, watch.”

I spent the next hour flattening my chakra into a scoop and picking up handfuls of water with
it, dribbling them back down over the surface of the pond like a patchy, mediative rain. It
wasn’t useful, but it helped, even when the fish learnt the water was just water and stopped
trying to chase the ripples.

I was still quiet when I left them and finally made it to the weapon’s shop. Not a sad quiet. A
quiet quiet. The world was big, I’d seen a lot of it, I wanted to buy an unreasonable quantity
of shuriken and make approving noises when Sakura asked if the reinforced elbow-length
gloves she’d picked out looked good on her.

“You ok?” she asked when we stopped for lunch, bentos spread out on the grass as we sat
under a tree. “You seem down.”

“I’m fine,” I said, pressing the riceball I’d been absentmindedly tearing apart back together
again. “Just didn’t sleep well, that’s all.”

“Me neither,” Naruto complained. “It doesn’t feel right without someone on watch.”

Sakura nodded. “The room feels too big,” she said. “I think I got used to sharing.”

“We should do it again!” Both Sakura and I looked at Naruto askance, but he grinned and
leaned forward. “I mean, sleepovers, right? Who says it’s only for missions? It’ll be fun!”

“I’m not doing night watch again,” I said. On missions, fine. At home, piss off.

“Sleepover, bastard, not stakeout.”

“I don’t know, I’m not sure my parents would approve,” Sakura said. She made a face. “I
don’t think they were expecting me to be gone so long, it was a bit of a shock for them. Plus,
you’re both boys, so. They’d find it odd.”

Naruto scrunched his nose, not sure how he was allowed to respond to that. It clearly wasn’t
odd to Sakura - she had been sharing a room with us for the past month - but at the same
time, they were parents. I think he put family on the same kind of mythical pedestal as he put
the Hokage on.

Which reminded me, I’d told him I’d find him the team photo of my mum and his mum. Or,
well, my mum and Kushina, I don’t think I’d ever actually said she was his mum. It’d been
just before we went to Wave though, I’d completely forgotten to look.

“Oh,” Naruto settled for saying. “The bastard and I can have a sleepover though, right
bastard?”
  “Do you want to help me look for the photo?” I asked instead of responding. I blinked, then
  reran his question through my head. “Sleepover. Sorry. I’m not paying attention today.”

  “What photo?”

  “My mum’s team photo, of her and Uzumaki.” Was I meant to know her name? I knew
  Naruto wasn’t meant to know of her yet, but I also knew he was desperate for family. It
  wouldn’t be unreasonable for me to know my mum’s genin team. “Um, I think she was called
  Kushina.”

  Naruto squinted at me for a second, trying to place the reference, and I could practically see
  the moment the memory clicked. “Yeah,” he said, smiling at me. There was something off in
  the smile but it morphed quickly into his usual excitement and I wasn’t able to pin it down.
  “Yeah! And you can introduce me to your family as well, it’ll be great, believe it!”

  “I can’t believe I’m missing the chance to see where you live, Sasuke-kun,” Sakura said. I
  froze with another riceball halfway to my mouth. What. I hadn’t. Shit. This was not well
  thought through. “We’ll have to go round to yours again later. You live in the Uchiha district,
  right? I always thought they’d have really beautiful houses out there.”

  I stuffed my mouth full of rice to avoid answering. With how out of it I was I’d probably end
  up asking them to move in or something equally ridiculous. Shit. My tiny kitchen home was
  fine, but that didn’t mean I wanted people to see it. I didn’t even have a family shrine, if that's
  what Naruto meant by being introduced and was expecting a painting and an incense burner
  so he could say hello - hell, I couldn’t even think when the last time I’d visited their graves
  was. If I ever had. But Naruto was so happy, I couldn’t take the offer back, could I? So sorry,
  forgot I was a shambolic mess pretending to be a person, would rather keep the mystery alive
  for a while longer so bugger yourself off please and thank you kindly?

  Shit.



Chapter End Notes



    Couple of quick notes! Firstly, a discord server has been requested. I know very little
    about discord, but is this something people are interested in? Second: Sasuke's gender.
    The short answer is that Sasuke is she but still working that out; accepting her gender is
    part of accepting herself and is not something she can rush. Please feel free to use them
    if you prefer. The long answer, if you're interested, is down in this comment to avoid
    filling up this author's note/putting potential spoilers where people might read them if
    they don't want to. (No actual spoilers, just character development discussion).

    That's it, thank you all for continuing to be amazing, roll on the rest of the fic!
                                       Chapter 15: Third arc: II
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Sakura left after lunch, so it was just Naruto and I heading to the clothes shop. He needed a
   couple more undershirts, apparently - because some people grew, imagine that, just randomly
   gaining extra inches of height and they didn’t even have to do anything to get them, where
   please were my gangly Uchiha genes and why weren’t they working - and I needed a jacket.
   My enthusiasm for a dramatic outfit changing montage had been somewhat nuked by failing
   to clean the house out this morning, but I did try.

   Mostly.

   The jacket I got was blue instead of black. Blue-grey. Dark blue-grey. It counted. It was also
   from the kunoichi section, I think; I’d aimed for the clothes that looked best for flexibility
   rather than providing armour protection, though the leather-like material and obligatory high
   collar should at least deflect a glancing blow.

   I grabbed a random packet of brighter blue tops on the way to the counter. Most shinobi wore
   the same outfit all the time; bulk buying made sense. No, I didn’t want to try them on. Naruto
   was waiting. That was the only reason. I wasn’t going to lose my nerve and decide to stay in
   Itachi’s hand-me-downs for the rest of eternity if I had to go to the changing room, don’t be
   ridiculous.

   Me and my wardrobe were fine.

   “Uzumaki-kun,” the guy behind the counter greeted with a nod, pushing himself off his stool.
   “Did you want the bargain bin? There’s a spandex set marked down. Apparently it’s the
   wrong shade of green.”

   Well at least me and my wardrobe were better than that. Also, what, the right gear could
   literally save Naruto’s life - and he was only allowed to shop from the bargain bin? Was that
   why he ended up in orange? I didn’t have my weapon pouch on me but I had a whole
   shopping bag of shiny new shuriken, these paper-wrapped purchases and I were ready to
   throw hands -

   “Oh my god, stop,” Naruto hissed, elbowing me hard enough in the ribs to make me take a
   step back. “Not today, Suisei-san!” he said brightly to the cashier. “We just got back from a
   big mission, I’m shopping full price.” He deposited his set of white shirts on the counter and
   grinned, hands hanging loose by his side and entire posture relaxed.

   I squinted at him suspiciously. Then at Suisei. He looked a few years older than us, not as old
   as Kakashi, and his polite expression was a sharp contrast to the wild tangle of his hair. He’d
   also made the bold fashion choice of matching his purple haori to his purple nail polish and
   adding a bright red trim round the hem just for the hell of it. He didn’t look like a dickbag.
Maybe. He rang up Naruto’s shirts with the edge of a smile threatening to break his polite
facade and didn’t seem to overcharge him, so. Maybe. I would reserve judgement.

“That’s an intense look,” he said when he turned to me. He ran a hand through his hair,
flattening it self consciously, and raised an eyebrow at me. “Do I have something on my
face?”

I looked away to avoid answering, suddenly realising how rude I was being. Not that I really
cared, but if this guy was friendly to Naruto I should probably not be quite so hostile to him. I
deposited the jacket and tops on his desk instead and waited for him to tell me how much.

“So,” he said once he’d done so, apparently deciding to maintain polite friendliness despite
my reticence. “You’re Naruto’s teammate? I don’t think I’ve seen you in here before.”

I nodded warily and counted out ryo faster. This was rapidly turning awkward, and Naruto
was by the door and therefore not around to save me. I didn’t small talk. It wasn’t a ninja
skill. The academy didn’t teach it, I couldn’t do it, oh thank fuck there’s the bag thank you
kindly give.

“Lucky Naruto,” Suisei said, handing me the bag and definitely too much change with a smile
and what I swear was a wink. “Enjoy your purchases, Shinobi-chan.”

I froze, deer-in-headlights style, then squeaked out an embarrassed, “You too, Shop-san,”
flushed bright red in mortification and fled. And, proving that I was completely justified in
wanting to fight him earlier, Suisei failed to suppress his laugh-cough as I did so.

“Hey bastard - hey, wait!”

“Walk faster,” I hissed at Naruto. “We need to get food and go home.”

“Yeah, but why do we need to hurry? Why are you blushing? Bastard slow down damnit -
what happened?”

We were drawing attention. I slowed to a walk and tugged my collar higher around my neck,
hoping it would hide how red my ears were. “I think the guy in the shop was flirting with
me.”

Naruto missed a step. “He was what?”

Nope. No collar is going to hide these ears. Time to hunch shoulders instead. “He winked at
me. And called me chan.” He was probably just being friendly. Right? Like you’d joke with a
toddler that they’re a heartbreaker. And the change was... a mistake. Yeah. Numbers are hard.

Naruto’s sharp tug on my bangs pulled my attention back to him. “I told you you looked like
a girl,” he said. “When did you last cut your hair? It’s all long. And girly.”

“It’s not long!” I pushed him off. “Why does -” Oh. Oh. He’d called me Shinobi-chan but I
wasn’t a girl. Or a little kid. I hadn’t even realised that. Boy body. Remember the boy body.
Flat chest. Penis. Obligatory ugh. “And even if it was long, that wouldn’t have to make it
girly.”
“It would on you, bastard. Even when it’s short you make it go girly-short.” He poked at the
fluff at the back of my head for emphasis and I ducked away, batting his hand out the air.

“My hair’s fine. Stop messing with it or I’m getting tofu for dinner.”

“Why would you put tofu in ramen though? I mean you could, but why?”

“Who said we were having ramen? I want curry.”

“But bastard -”

“My house, my dinner. Curry.”



“You’re the only person who lives here?” Naruto asked, craning his neck to look round the
Uchiha district. “But it’s huge. It’s like a whole other part of the village.”

“It was,” I said uncomfortably. “Konoha was built on Uchiha lands. Hashirama grew the trees
and marked out the rest of Konoha for the other clans to claim parts of, but this was the old
land that we lived in before the treaty.” At least, that’s what clan history said. The history
we’d been taught in the academy glossed over most of the Uchiha’s involvement in favour of
the Hokages - and, through them, the Senju. I was fairly certain both versions were at least
partly suspect, but it was true at least that the Uchiha district was built in a different style to
the rest of Konoha.

Older. Stuffier. Resistant to change. The fire that burns on the last day is as bright and as hot
as the fire that burnt on the first, and all that.

“Huh. I didn’t know that. Is that why no one’s allowed in?”

“I - no, it’s because it’s clan land. The Hyuuga and the Nara and all the other clans are just as
protective of their parts.”

Thankfully, Naruto didn’t point out how inefficient it was to keep upwards of two hundred
houses empty and unused when there were space issues in the rest of the village. Not many
space issues, because Konoha made a lot of use of apartment blocks, but the traditional
houses and particularly the large gardens that I was used to were rare outside clan lands.

… Maybe I should have looked into it more. As a genin I was technically an adult and
therefore technically a full clan head. Politics had already killed the clan once, it would be
stupid to let it happen again because I didn’t file my taxes or something equally banal.

“Over the fence,” I instructed, reaching the side of my house. I kept looking forward. I didn’t
want to see Naruto’s reaction to the fact that I’d never put in a gate. It was fine.

Shit, I hadn’t got round to cleaning the sozu fountain. It had algae growing up the sides. Why
had I spent so long staring at the fish this morning.
“Here. There’s, um, sorry I don’t have slippers - I can lend you socks? Or, um, whatever you
prefer.”

“Socks is fine,” he said, kicking his sandals off and leaving them surprisingly neatly by the
door. He was fidgeting, looking around while trying not to look like he was looking around
and clearly not sure what he was meant to do - I doubted he’d been round to many people’s
houses. I’d never had someone round to mine. I mean no, people had been around before the
massacre, but I hadn’t been hosting, and obviously I’d had people round in my old life but
there were different social rules and I wasn’t sure they applied?

Fuckit. I didn’t know. Naruto didn’t know. My instincts said to make tea. I put the kettle on.

“Socks,” I said, throwing him a clean pair. “Do you want tea tea or barley tea? I have orange
juice.”

“Just normal tea. Uh, tea tea, please.”

I frowned, and considered throwing another pair of socks at him. “Stop being so polite. It’s
rude.”

He huffed at me, but some of the tenseness left his shoulders. “Sakura-chan did all this
bowing stuff when we met Tsunami-san. She made it seem like a big thing.”

“Yeah, well, Tsunami was a client. If you bow to me I’ll assume you’ve been replaced by an
imposter and give you to ANBU for interrogation.”

He cracked a smile at that that quickly morphed into a teasing grin, though I think he must
still have been feeling off-kilter because it didn't sit quite right. “But Hime-chan,” he started,
and dipped himself into not only a ridiculously low bow but also completely the wrong type.
Naturally, I scowled at him and used his lack of balance to dump him on the floor. The
chokehold I pinned him in was maybe more wrestling than taijutsu but still effective, at least
until he popped out in a cloud of bunshin smoke.

“Don’t use clones in my kitchen, dumbass!” I flared out my kawarimi sense to find him.
Nothing around me, unless he’d henged - oh. Up. “Get off my ceiling. And drink your tea.
And stop grinning.”

“I thought it was rude to be polite,” he said, but he did at least drop to an obedient crouch in
front of me and take his tea. I stuck my tongue out at him. Maturely, because adult, but also
he was being weird and he deserved it.

“Tea. Photo. Find.”

“Yeah yeah. Where would your mum have kept it?” He downed the tea in one like a heathen
then looked round the kitchen as though expecting the photo to be on one of the walls, and
my stomach sank.

“Her room, probably. It’s down the hall.” I swallowed. I hadn’t - the bathroom was just to the
side of the kitchen. The one I used, at least, and Itachi’s bedroom had a window that I’d learnt
early on how to open from the outside. My old room did too, though other than fetching my
stuff when I’d first moved to the kitchen I hadn’t been in. To get to either from the inside, or
to get to my parent’s room, you had to go past the main room.

I’d never made it past the main room.

“This one?” Naruto asked, pushing open the kitchen door. It wasn’t late, there was still some
sun coming in, but it wasn’t the brightest. He flicked on the light, hesitated at the clearly
neglected status of the rest of the house, then started walking forward.

“Yeah,” I managed around a dry mouth. I followed him up to the doorway, hovering there
with my toes just on the edge of where the flooring changed. I looked at the back of his head.
Just at the back of his head. I took the step. I didn’t look to the right.

“Your house is huge! How come you don’t use the - bastard?”

He turned to face me and I flicked my gaze down so I was looking at the collar of his jacket
instead of staring him straight in the eyes. I still didn’t look right. “It’s a bit dusty,” I
apologised. “Sorry. Their room is at the end of the hall.”

“Hey, are you -”

Annoyance flared, at him, at me, at Itachi; I grit my teeth and pushed past him. I was right - it
was dusty. My feet left footprints. I could practically see it collecting on my socks from
where I was disturbing it. “C’mon,” I said. “Did you want to find this damn thing or -” I
made the mistake of looking back at him and the words died in my throat.

He was standing in front of the tatami mats. The space where the tatami mats used to be. He
was - that’s where I’d been standing. Itachi stabbed me, before I became me, when I was still
just old-me and Sasuke-me was a separate person and Naruto was standing where I’d been
standing and the tatami mats were behind him except they weren’t because they’d been
ruined by so much blood and I couldn’t do this.

I couldn’t do this.

“-tard!”

“I can’t do this,” I choked out, staring fixedly at the tatami mats. The space where - “Aniki, I
can’t do this.” I could see every piece of dust on the floor. The grain of the wood. The marks
where it had been scrubbed clean but not polished after, the outline of the patches that were
darker, they hadn’t done a good enough job scrubbing it clean because I could see it.

“Look at me,” Itachi said. I slammed my eyes shut, instinct driving me to avoid his
mangekyou, but everything was still playing out behind my eyelids. “Look at me, damnit.”

He was going to tell me I wasn’t worth killing. I knew I wasn’t. I didn’t want to hear it again.
I shook my head. When you have the same eyes as I do...

“Sasuke!” He grabbed me, hands on my shoulders and my eyes flew open with a gasp even
as I hunched protectively over my chest as if that would stop him from stabbing me -
He was blond. He was blond? Itachi wasn’t blond. His eyes were blue. He had whisker scars.
I blinked, and the hyperfocus faded enough for the features to resolve themselves into a
person. He was Naruto. He was Naruto.

“I’m fine,” I said roughly, trying to push him off and take a step back. His grip on my
shoulders only tightened, and his face was pinched and unhappy.

“You’re not,” he disagreed, and my temper flared.

“Did I ask for a fucking critique -”

“My clone dispelled,” he interrupted, and it was such a non sequitur that I stopped in
confusion.

“Your… what clone? In the kitchen?”

“The one I had on Kakashi-sensei. Porn-book clone.”

“O...kay?” He shifted his weight back to be less in my face, but not far - my fingers were still
tangled in the front of his jacket from where I’d tried to shove him off and his hands were
still on my shoulders. It was grounding; Itachi had been behind me when I’d been old-me,
and he hadn’t touched me as Sasuke-me. Naruto wasn’t Itachi. The subject change was odd,
but just right then I was willing to roll with odd. “Did it find out where Kakashi was while we
were at the hospital?”

“Yeah,” he said, watching me cautiously. I could see him trying to work out how to word it
before he growled in frustration and just said it. “He was at the hospital too, except he was
asking about you. What happened when your clan died.”

“What.” What. No. My heart had literally just started to calm down, and now it was racing
again. He didn’t know. He couldn’t know. Who would - no.

“He wanted to know if you’d had anyone to help you, or if you’d been alone.” Itachi, was he
trying to see if Itachi had been in contact or not, did he think past-me was someone outside
Konoha trying to influence Sasuke-me? How, how could he know. “He was really mad when
he found out you were alone.”

Naruto was still watching, cautious, something in his expression that I couldn’t place. I took a
breath and tried to be rational; Kakashi didn’t know Itachi was innocent. He couldn’t. And he
didn’t know about past-me. If he did, he’d’ve done something, surely. Besides, how could
he? I’d been careful. Itachi had been careful. He was just following up the drowning
problems, right? Or the thing about chunin relying on themselves too young. That’s all he
was doing. It was fine. I took another breath and held onto my calm like a lifeline.

“Yeah, well,” I said, shrugging it off with an exaggeratedly blase attitude. “It happened.”

“And then after,” Naruto continued doggedly, “He took the porn out, told it that Pakkun was
right and puppies go wonky if they’re allowed to get too far from the pack, and dispelled my
clone.”
Ok? It had been a very long day. I’d had two panic attacks and used up all my zen
communing with the fish. I did not have the mental or spiritual energy left for decrypting
Kakashi speech. “That’s all he said?”

“Well, and that if he caught me spying again he’d set Bisuke on me.” He shook his head and
shifted imperceptibly to inspirational pose number one, with shoulders squared and eyes
bright with determination.

I stiffened on reflex.

“He’s right though, Sasuke. You shouldn’t have been alone. And you shouldn’t be alone
now.”

“I’m not a child,” I hissed, bristling defensively.

His eyebrows lowered and he lifted his chin. “You’re my precious person,” he said. “And I
promised I’d protect you and that means not abandoning you when you need someone.”

“Because you’d know all about being abandoned, right?” I felt like a dick as soon as I said it,
but the guilt only made me angrier and I pushed roughly past him to hide in the safety of the
kitchen. “And I don’t need anyone! I’m fine!”

“You can’t even go in your own house -”

“My house,” I repeated, whirling on him. “My house, my brother, my life. So piss off out of it
and leave me alone.” He’d followed me through the door but I could still see the fucking
space behind him where Itachi had ruined everything because he had to go and be such a
damn hero instead of being there when I needed him. I glared and flung a spike of water
chakra at the door, slamming it shut and no doubt sending a cloud of dust flying up in the
corridor. Good. I hoped it broke something.

Naruto jumped when the door slammed, but turned back to me quickly and now his stupid
hero face had started to twist up in frustration. “No,” he snarled. “Damnit bastard, I’m not
going anywhere! I’m trying to help!”

“Do I look like I fucking want your help?”

“Why not?” He ran a hand through his hair in a jerky movement, and the frustration bled
away as suddenly as it’d come. “Why not, though?” he repeated, shoulders slumping, and I
paused at the hurt in his voice. “You’re my friend,” he continued, quieter. “What’s wrong
with me helping you? It’s what friends do.”

I… didn’t answer. I felt brittle and sharp, and there were too many things I couldn’t say. He
thought I was someone I wasn’t. I was an imposter. It was fine for canon-Sasuke to have been
fucked up by what Itachi did, but I knew better. I knew he loved me. I was an adult, even if I
didn’t feel like one. I didn’t want help because I didn’t want to need help because I shouldn’t
need help.
But I did. And I hated it. And apparently I’d learnt nothing from the stupid everything that
happened at Wave, because here I was, scared, lashing out at someone who cared as though I
were expecting them to stick a sword through my chest if I let them get any closer.

Dumbass. Naruto wasn’t an Uchiha. We were the fuckups that ruined people we loved, not
Naruto.

“I’m sorry,” I said, arms crossed protectively and shoulders hunched forward. I kept my eyes
closed, head tilted down, and didn’t look at him. I heard him take a step forward though, and
had to tense every muscle I had to avoid flinching. That would hurt him. I’d already done that
enough for one day.

“I’m not Sakura,” he said, still keeping his voice low. “I don’t know how to do things like
this. I just… I used to be really jealous of you, you know? You had all these people fawning
over you and the teachers loved you and you were good at everything and I thought you lived
in this amazing place. I’d’ve given anything to have half of what you had, but you were just
annoyed all the time.”

“I’m not always grumpy,” I protested weakly.

“You were in the academy. But I get it now. Everyone saw you as the last Uchiha, this
amazing prodigy child, but no one saw Sasuke. You were alone.” He took another step and I
stayed frozen in place. “I know what that’s like. It sucks. It really, really sucks and it messes
with your head and it’s awful, but you’re not alone now. I promise, bastard. I’m not going to
abandon you, because you’re my friend, and I don’t give up on my precious people.”

I snorted at that. No, he didn’t, did he. I could betray the village and put my fist through his
lungs and he’d still come after me. Damn heroes. What the hell were we normal fuck-ups
meant to do in the face of a declaration like that?

He took the last step, standing close enough that I could feel his body heat radiating off him.
“Sasuke-bastard?”

I let myself lean forward until my forehead was resting against his chest. “Who gave you the
right,” I mumbled into his jacket. “If you grew up lonely like me then how come you turned
out such a good person, huh. You cheated. Bitch.”

He laughed, shaky and relieved, and his arms came up round me in a tentative hug that
squeezed tighter when I didn’t shrug him off. “Blame Iruka-sensei,” he said. “He bribed me
with ramen.”



I hadn’t bought any mochi, but I had got a tub of ice cream, and though we didn’t look for the
photo that evening we did follow up the tofu curry I’d made for dinner with a truly
unreasonable quantity of matcha sundae. At some point we started planning the flavours we’d
sell when Naruto became Hokage and I opened a mochi and ice cream shop at the bottom of
his tower, and while his suggestions were ridiculous - a naruto flavour, who wanted fish cake
ice cream even if the swirl would be pretty - mine were heavily nostalgic and almost
impossible to describe.

“Fish food is worse than fish cakes! That’s not even real food, bastard.”

“No, it’s just called fish food. It’s actually chocolate, with, um, you cook butter with sugar
until it goes brown and hard. And you cut it into fish shapes. I think? Or maybe the fish were
made out of cake? It’s good though.”

“Tonkatsu ice cream. That would be good.”

“I am never ever letting you cook.”

And after that… it was late. This whole thing had started with Naruto saying he wanted a
sleepover. I was exhausted and full and, if I was honest, didn’t want him to go.

I also didn’t want him taking up three quarters of my futon, but I didn’t have a spare.

“Would you stop wriggling.”

“I’m not wriggling! I’m just trying to get under the blanket.”

“Uchiha are fire. We need warmth. You’re a fucking furnace and you don’t feel the cold. My
blanket.”

“Just - I’m not going to take it all bastard, I just want a corner.”

“My blanket.”

And, once we’d worked out a compromise, I didn’t want to admit how much easier I slept
with him there. Maybe he and Sakura were right - we’d just got used to the way things were
in Wave. Maybe I had less going on in my head after dumping it all in an argument and being
blasted with a dose of therapy no jutsu. Maybe I just… slept better with Naruto there.

Whatever the reason, I was in a good enough mood to roll my eyes at but otherwise ignore
Sakura’s raised eyebrow when she noticed us arrive at training together the next morning.

“I take it the sleepover went well?” she asked dryly.

“The bastard’s house is too big,” was Naruto’s far too cheerful answer. “Don’t worry though
Sakura-chan, we’re working on it.”

“What am I, an untrained house pet?”

“Wonky puppy,” Naruto reminded me, pointing. I bared my teeth and pretended to bite his
finger.

“We’re all puppies,” Sakura said firmly. “Stretch. I want to test my gloves, spar after?”
“Spar,” I agreed, flipping over into a handstand. I’d already stretched at home that morning,
but, you know. Being flexible was fun.

So was the spar - we’d been so focussed on practices and katas in Wave that, barring the
obligatory running for our lives from the pack, we hadn’t actually trained together for a
while. The difference was stark; Naruto’s taijutsu had improved to the point where his clones
were a serious threat if you let them get close enough, and though I was still indisputably the
fastest Sakura now had the speed and stamina to combine her hellish punches in unrelenting
combinations that were, objectively, terrifying.

And then she twisted her wrists a fraction to the left and a pair of fucking chainsaws popped
out her gloves.

“What the actual fucking fuck holy shit what the hell,” I panted, clinging to the top of the
tallest tree I could find to kawarimi to.

“Do you like them?” she yelled up to me, holding her arms out to admire them. “You said
they looked good in the shop, but I didn’t think you were paying attention.”

“I thought they were for punching things!”

“Oh, they do that too,” she said, and another precise twist replaced the spinning blades on her
forearms with a set of narrow spikes coming out over her knuckles. “Not sure I’ll use those
so often, though. They’re a bit thin.”

I dropped cautiously to the ground, reaching for her hand to inspect them. They were thin,
but they’d still do some serious damage if she landed a hit with them. “You could poison
them,” I suggested. “You could probably poison the others as well. How do they spin?”

“Just chakra - there’s a seal that controls them. I hadn’t thought about poison. Anticoagulant,
maybe? I don’t want a lethal one.”

I hummed, thinking. There were plenty of reasons to need to leave someone alive, but
bleeding out without clotting was a fairly slow-acting benefit. “Or paralytic? I’m pretty sure
I’ve got the right plants.” The spinning arm blades would do a lot of damage, and with the
right paralytic so that even a glancing blow could cause someone to stumble - well, I
wouldn’t like to be on the receiving end. It wouldn’t necessarily be lethal, but it wouldn’t be
easy to shake off either.

“Huh,” Sakura said. She clenched her fist and the spikes retracted, then again to bring out the
arm blades. I prudently kawarimid back to a safe distance again, because the spar was
technically still going and I wasn’t an idiot.



“Morning minions.”

“Kakashi-sensei! What mission are we doing today? Where are we going? Is it another
bridge? Are the dogs coming again?”
“Hm?” Kakashi asked, taking out his book and leafing through it. “You say something?”

“Dick-senseeeeeeeiiiiii,” Naruto whined. “Mission!”

“Maa, I was thinking of doing some training actually. After all, you just came from a long
mission! Training’s important too, you know.” He eye-smiled and Naruto and Sakura both
slumped.

“We’ve been doing nothing but training,” she complained quietly, though clearly not quietly
enough as Kakashi zeroed in on her with terrifying focus.

“What was that, my sweet little munchkin? You can’t possibly have said you’ve been
training. After you worked so hard for your month long A-rank! Why, with all the patrolling
you did, I’m surprised you found time to sleep.”

We shared a dubious look, but fell in line easily enough. If Kakashi wanted to pretend he
hadn’t run the last week of the Wave mission solo and banned us from participating, who
were we to disagree with him.

“What are we learning?” Sakura asked. “After all that patrolling over the river we’ve got
water walking down, so we must be learning something new, right sensei?”

He raised an eyebrow at her blatant manipulation of the truth, but seemed amused by it. “Is
that so? Maa, I suppose it must be. First though…” He threw us each a sash, covered in tiny
strips of coloured paper: orange for Naruto, which made sense, then yellow for Sakura and
purple for me, which made less sense, but ok.

“I want to see how you’re getting on,” he explained. “Whoever has the most paper wins!”
And, with that very rough set out of the rules, he shunshined off - presumably to a better
perch in the trees to watch from.

We paused for a moment, Sakura glancing at both me and Naruto in turn as we all checked
that we were on the same page. She wrapped her sash round her waist, Naruto threw his
crossways over his shoulder, and though I debated stuffing mine down my shirt I decided to
play fair and tied it at my hip instead. It was in the same position, though on the other side, as
my weapon pouch and I figured it would be good practice in keeping people away from it.

“Ready?” Sakura asked. I nodded. Naruto did as well, though a beat slower, and he had the
same odd look on his face that he’d had yesterday. I frowned at him, but I didn’t have time to
ask - or know how to - because Sakura dived at me the next second and I scrambled into a
kawarimi to stay out her way.

As far as training exercises went it was a surprisingly fun one, and well suited to someone
fast, sneaky, and able to throw sharp things with pinpoint accuracy. I even caught a few
fluttering strips in my chakra and tugged them to safety without ever being in reach, which
was a delightful thing to learn I could do. Maybe I’d misjudged water; fire would never have
given me the solidity to pick something up with like this. It was still cold though. And wet.
Being useful didn’t make it good.
What was not delightful though was the growing suspicion I had that there was something
wrong with Naruto. In the spar we’d been doing earlier his taijutsu was miles better than it
was before, sharper and cleaner and each strike a decisive threat. Now… it was almost like he
was pulling his punches, twitching them aside before they could land and weakening his
blocks at the last minute to let me through. My sash was in danger of being more orange than
purple.

I hung back, hiding myself in the leaves and squinting to watch him and Sakura fight. He
didn’t seem injured, not that I could see, and against her he was landing hits like I’d expect
him to. I chanced darting in, throwing a shuriken in an easy arc and ducking low -

The shuriken caught his arm, and he was so slow in dodging me that I almost overcorrected
trying not to seriously hurt him. I aborted, leaping back with eyes wide and heart racing.
“What the fuck, Naruto?”

Sakura dropped out the tree next to me. “What happened?”

“Ah, nothing!” Naruto said with his cheerful, squinty-eyed fake smile. “The bastard got me.
He’s too fast!”

We both paused, staring at him in surprise.

“Did you poison it?” Sakura asked me, gesturing at the shuriken. I shook my head. I didn’t
even bring poisons to practice, they weren’t the sort of thing you used on teammates.

“He doesn’t need poison,” Naruto said earnestly. “He’s really good. His taijutsu’s the best,
you’d have to be really strong to beat him. Really strong. It’s not a fair comparison if he loses
against people like that.”

“Naruto,” I started, half-dropping out of my defensive crouch. I didn’t know how to finish
though, so I just trailed off with a confused, “What?”

“He got the most paper, see. He won!”

“Were you letting him win?” Sakura asked. Naruto’s eyes widened and he shook his head
frantically, but Sakura made an outraged sound of disbelief. “You were. Why were you
letting him win?” She glanced at me for answers, but I shrugged helplessly in reply.

“I wasn’t,” Naruto began hotly, but when neither of us showed signs of believing him he let
his shoulders slump. “Because he’s really good,” he said miserably. “He doesn’t deserve to be
sent away just ‘cos he lost against Haku.”

To be - oh.

Oh.

I took an uncertain step back.

“Naruto,” Sakura said, turning so she could keep both of us in view. “That’s not… He’s not
going to be sent away.”
“But Kakashi -”

“That’s not the problem,” I blurted. “Losing against Haku’s not the issue.”

“Then what is? Because everything turned out fine, didn’t it? No one got hurt, so I don’t get
why everyone was so mad at you.” And he didn’t, clearly, his confusion and distress liberally
painted on his face. I opened my mouth, searching for something to say to reassure him, and
came up blank. I was still still working through my own messes from the whole thing, how
was I meant to sort out someone else?

“Sasuke-kun nearly died,” Sakura told him, gentling her tone but not by much. Naruto
scowled, shaking his head, and I privately thought that however I would’ve handled it that
might not have been the route I chose.

“It wasn’t his fault -”

“He still would’ve died.” She hesitated in the face of his refusal to accept it, then kept going.
“Naruto, we were lucky. If Zabuza had been anyone else - if Kakashi-sensei hadn’t been able
to stop his jutsu… That wasn’t a spar. Sasuke-kun put himself in danger, and if it had gone
even fractionally different, he would’ve been killed.”

He looked at me, angry, waiting for me to protest. I couldn’t, because it was true, but I also
couldn’t think of anything to say, so I just shrugged. Again. Awkwardly. Apologetically. I
didn’t know what else to do.

“But he was saving Haku,” Naruto said in a small voice. Then, “He’d really have died?”

Soft and squishy, I thought with a suddenly inappropriate surge of dark humour. You need to
be this indestructible to ride the main character train. Go back to sidekick, shortarse. I
pushed it away, annoyed at myself for being distracted.

Sakura must’ve nodded, because when Naruto turned back to me he just looked
heartbrokenly confused. “Why?”

I bit my lip, trying to find an answer. Or enough of an answer to offer him. “Um, Kakashi
said I think I’m invincible,” I said. “Because I’ve always been the best and had to look after
myself, so I’m reckless.”

“Ah,” Kakashi said, making all three of us startle. He was up in the trees with us, crouched to
one side and scratching at the fabric of his mask. “Did he? It’s not what he meant to say.”

“I - what? No, it’s.” I faltered. “With the chunin? They were alone and couldn’t rely on
anyone and it made them invincible and over-confident?” That’s what he’d said. Hadn’t he?
We’d bonded. Bull was there.

He closed his eye, a fraction too long to be a blink, then half-nodded half-shook his head.
“Some of them thought they were,” he said, stressing the first word. “And others thought they
had to be. If failing means you die, then you do anything to avoid failing, even if it's too
risky.” He paused, then added, "You're the second one."
  I tried to run what I remembered of the conversation back through my head, frowning in
  confusion.

  “But you had all these things I’d survived,” I said. “You listed them. You said I knew I was
  better than other genin.”

  “I did,” he said, an edge of helplessness in his tone. “Because you are. And you do. And.
  Therefore your standards are too high?”

  “My standards are too high?”

  “You’re not over confident. You’re under confident." He winced, not happy with his word
  choice, but kept going. "You’re good, but you think you’re not good enough because you
  think you have to be invincible. Because… A lot of bad things have happened and you had to
  deal with them and now you’re afraid?”

  I just kept looking at him blankly. Yes? I was? The village wanted my eyes. Of course I was
  afraid. He didn’t need to make that bit sound like a question, that was obvious. I shot an
  unsure glance at Sakura and Naruto, but they looked just as confused as me.

  “Ah.” Kakashi's shoulders dropped. “I’m not good at this.”

  “If the bastard’s afraid,” Naruto began hesitantly, “then me an’ Sakura-chan just have to stick
  closer to him to keep him safe, right? So he has to stay on the team, otherwise he’d be doing
  everything by himself again.”

  “That’s not -” I started, then stopped myself, trying to sort through why it wasn’t. I had a
  reason, beyond just my gut instinct that it was wrong. I had lots of reasons, somewhere. “You
  shouldn’t have to always look out for me, though. I should be able to do things.”

  “We don’t,” Sakura said. Naruto frowned, but she cut him off: “We don't have to. We want to.
  I’m the team leader, I said you stay, so.” She took a breath, and visibly drew herself up to
  stand taller. “So, you stay. Do things with us, not for us. And Naruto, stop letting him win.
  Ok?” She darted a glance at Kakashi, as if checking if she was allowed to be so authoritative;
  he inclined his head to her with an odd half-smile that was barely visible through his mask.

  “Ok,” Naruto agreed. Then again, stronger: “Ok! Kakashi-dick-sensei, you best have more
  sashes. I’m going to get all the paper this time, believe it!”

  “Ok, Sasuke-kun?” Sakura insisted.

  “Yeah,” I said. Maybe? I wasn’t sure. "Ok."



Chapter End Notes
Kakashi who has had several days to rehearse what he wants to say and run it past
Pakkun: eloquent, calm, doesn't get his point across.
Kakashi who discovers on the spot that he messed up and desperately wants to fix it:
disjointed, confusing, maybe gets his point across? Regret.

(also, if anyone gets the plot point i hid in this chapter i will scream)

Discord! People wanted a discord, we have a discord. It's over here, I'm Mimi, let's go.

And ficlet! This one for yourkayla who asked what happened to canon-Sasuke. The
answer's not part of this story - consider it an AU of an AU. Actually, consider all the
ficlets in the comments AU of an AU, if anything's part of the actual story I'll stick it in
the main body ;)
                                       Chapter 16: Third arc: III
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   If Kakashi had had other training planned for the rest of that day, we didn’t get round to it.
   When the three of us staggered out of the second round of the paper sash exercise (which
   Naruto won by playing an elaborate game of keep away, using his clones to keep Sakura and
   I from ever getting close enough to steal from him) it was to find Pakkun and Urushi waiting,
   a d-rank mission scroll held securely in Urushi’s mouth.

   “Puppies,” Pakkun said, trotting up with his tail wagging. Urushi was one of the quieter dogs
   that I didn’t know so well - though, they’d only been around for a week or so, and Shiba and
   Bull tended to stick in the mind. For different reasons.

   I had the sudden urge to find out if the Uchiha had a giant cat summons who was willing to
   let people curl up and go to sleep on them. Knowing both the Uchiha clan and the reputation
   that cat summons had, I thought it was probably unlikely.

   “Hey Pakkun,” I said, putting impossibilities out of my mind. He kept trotting until he
   headbutted my shin, and waited for a few ear-scritches before continuing to Naruto and
   Sakura for the same greeting. “Where’s Kakashi?”

   Pakkun huffed, giving his head a single hard shake. “Not here. He left a mission for you.”

   We shared a dubious look. Hadn’t we been meant to train today? A jounin sensei was usually
   considered off limits, though the village could still call them in if there was a shortage - or if
   the jounin’s unique skills were needed. Neither were particularly comforting prospects given
   that we should have plenty of available nin at the moment, and Kakashi’s unique skills were
   centered on violent assassination.

   “May I see?” Sakura asked, holding out a hand to Urushi and politely not mentioning the
   teeth marks in the scroll.

   Unless… Kakashi hadn’t got called away? I chewed my lip. He’d seemed pretty thrown by
   the conversation earlier. Maybe he’d needed to take a moment.

   “He’s at the memorial stone?” I guessed, keeping my voice low so that only Pakkun could
   hear.

   “He’s not here,” Pakkun replied, though from the way he drifted closer I took it to mean I
   was right. “Focus on the mission, pup.”

   I did, for long enough to determine that it was a menial chore and neither Sakura nor Naruto
   were impressed with it. I frowned unhappily though; Kakashi needing to take a moment was
   theoretically fine. He was a grown man, he could make his own decisions, but. It didn’t feel
   fine.
I chewed my lip, falling absently into step with the others. I knew I was hardly in any place
to talk about - well, anything. But if I had Team Seven to look out for me while I was in
Konoha and Itachi waiting for when I left, who did Kakashi have?



“So I was thinking,” Naruto said later that evening when we’d split up to go to our various
homes. “You always have miso ramen, right? But you like fish. So why can’t you just put fish
on ramen?”

“Ichiraku doesn’t sell fish ramen,” I pointed out logically.

“No, I mean at home. You could just make a normal one, then do the fish separately and eat
them together.”

I made a dubious sound. As quick and easy as instant ramen was, real ramen was a pain to
make and I didn’t like it enough to bother. “I have fish with other things,” I said. “Ramen’s
more of a Team Seven food than a home food.”

Naruto looked at me in alarm. “But you have it at home sometimes, right?” I shook my head
and I swear he whimpered. “Bastard! We can’t never have home ramen. The three minutes it
takes to cook aren’t that bad!”

“Hold up. We?”

“I’m not going to make you cook two dinners. That’s mean.”

“No, I mean - why we? Eat whatever you want, it’s your dinner.” He cocked his head,
frowning at me, and I realised that we’d broken off from Sakura and the dogs and were now
halfway back to the Uchiha district - and Naruto’s flat, I was pretty sure, was the other way.
“Wait,” I said, slowing to a halt. “Wait, stop. You haven’t moved in with me.”

He frowned harder. “Wonky puppy.”

“Actual adult,” I countered. I even was; genin were full adults as far as Konoha was
concerned.

“So? I’m not going to abandon you.”

“Letting me live in my own house isn’t abandoning me,” I said, and made a frustrated sound.
“It’s also not babysitting me, which is something I really don’t need you to do.”

“But yesterday -”

“I had a bad day. It was a sleepover. A one night sleepover.”

“What if you have another bad day though?”

I glared, but he wasn’t moving, and the more I pushed the unhappier he seemed. Which
wasn’t my intention. I mean, it wasn’t ever my intention to make people around me unhappy,
unless I didn’t like them. But Naruto in particular spent far too much time putting other
people first, even if it was as stupid as throwing a training excercise because he’d wildly
misunderstood a situation.

I paused. “Wait,” I said, squinting. “Did you have a bad day?”

He squinted unhappily back and started walking again. “Sakura-chan said you'd nearly died,”
he said plaintively. “Everyone had a bad day.”

I hesitated. My kitchen really wasn’t built for two. Let’s be honest, it wasn’t really built for
one. On the other hand, there were occasions in life where it was possible to not be a dick,
and this was probably one of them. Plus, it was Naruto. “Fine,” I relented, jogging a few
paces to catch up to him. “You can sleep over on bad days.”

He frowned at me suspiciously. “And you promise to tell me when they are?” I rolled my
eyes and jostled my arm against his in reproach, but dutifully promised. “Well. Ok then,
bastard. I guess I’ll allow it.” He smiled at me, the softer version of his usual grin, and slung
an arm over my shoulders as the tension drained out of him. I let him for a moment then
ducked my head and slipped out of his hold, resuming a more normal walk down the street.

Having my home basically being invaded still wasn’t ideal. I couldn’t talk to Plushie-tan
properly with someone else in the room, and Naruto’s potential as a hot water bottle was
severely mitigated by the fact that he fidgeted even more than usual in his sleep. But at the
same time, making Naruto feel better was a dangerously addictive pastime, and I could spare
a few nights sharing my futon if that’s what it cost.



Giving up first shower, however, was a step too far. We’d ended up doing two d-ranks,
neither of which Kakashi had turned up to, and one of them had involved collecting the
biological waste from the hospital and taking it to an incinerator to be disposed of. Without
subjecting you to the details, I needed a shower. Not necessarily because I’d got any on me -
a ninja hospital was still a hospital, it was at least nominally a sterilised place - but more for
my soul and mental well being.

“Yours,” I said, stepping back into the kitchen in my yukata and gently patting the moisture
out my hair with a towel. “Do you want leftover curry for dinner or omelet rice?” Please
don’t laugh at the fact that I still ate kids’ food; there were a limited number of things I knew
how to cook, and most of my old-world recipes needed ingredients I couldn’t get.

“Either,” Naruto said, taking his pyjamas into the bathroom. “I’ve never had omelet rice.”

He closed the door before I could answer that, and I blinked. I… guessed that made sense? It
wasn’t very common to find in a restaurant or as a packet meal, so he probably wouldn’t have
come across it by himself. It was also downright weird though, because it was such a
standard thing. There was something inherently wrong about no one ever making it for him.
“Omelet,” I decided, abandoning my towel and shaking my hair out to air dry instead.
Pyjamas though. That was an idea. I turned Plushie-tan around to face the wall on my way to
the sideboard and started searching through for a clean pair. “They’re still black,” I said,
frowning as I pulled one out. Didn’t I fix that? I thought I fixed that. The bags from the
shopping trip were leaning against the wall, not yet put away, and I retrieved them curiously.

“White shirts… Oh, these are Naruto’s. This one… Jacket, shuriken - blue shirts.” I pulled
out the packet, giving it a dubious look. I’d grabbed it without really looking, but now that I
had it in front of me it was really quite blue. Royal blue. Full saturation. Wow.

“What do you reckon, Plushie-tan,” I said, ripping the packet open and tipping out the
contents. “Will they suit… me…? This isn’t a shirt.” It was also not several of the same outfit
like I’d hoped, just one really bulky thing made of a thick, pleated material. When I shook it
out, it resolved itself into a hakama, complete with high tie-waist and loose baggy legs. The
block colour in theory marked it as a girl’s hakama - though I think only the stuffier clan
members stuck to boys’ being striped and girls’ being plain - and, in concession to not getting
the kunoichi that wore it killed, it had the bottom hems elasticated in tight around the ankles.

“Great,” I said, holding it up in irritation. “Maybe I can cut it up for something. Add it to the
sewing pile.” I wasn’t optimistic though; any ninja could patch a tear or resew a split seam,
but tailoring from scratch wasn’t in my skill set. I chewed my lip, deliberating. It seemed
stupid to waste it. I should put it aside and focus on dinner, but I could still hear the shower
pump. Naruto wouldn’t be out for a few minutes yet.

I hesitated. On the sideboard Plushie-tan was, as ever, silent.

“Fine,” I relented, rolling my eyes at him. “Briefly. Very briefly.”

That turned out to be a false expectation because it took me several tries to work out how to
tie it and even then I wasn’t convinced I managed it correctly. I turned sideways, trying to
check behind me in the mirror to make sure I’d got the side slits to sit right - and paused.

It looked… impractical. Ridiculous. There was so much material bunching at the hips, and
with the hems as low and wide as they were - even elasticated - you couldn’t wear sandals
with it. There was so much material full stop, if you tried to kick anyone would you even be
able to or would it billow out behind you like a damn sail and drag you back? How was this
sold in a ninja shop. Forget that, how was I spending this long on a scene about putting my
pyjamas on. What was I going to do next, express my love of Hot Topic and put up my
middle finger at a bunch of preps?

Not that the hakama looked like pyjamas. It looked like a skirt. A stupid, brightly coloured,
civilian skirt.

The shower pump clicked off and I jumped, hands flying up to cover the chest I forgot I
didn’t have. “Idiot,” I hissed when I realised, reaching for the nearest black top and pulling it
on in a hurried movement. I ripped the ties undone at my waist with a rough jerk that would
have torn them loose if the stitches hadn’t been ninja-reinforced, and scrambled to push the
whole thing off and replace it with my normal pyjamas. I barely had time to roll the hakama
in a haphazard ball and shove it to the back of the sideboard before the door opened and
Naruto emerged, dressed but still damp with his hair plastered down against his skull.
Even as distracted as I was, I winced. The boy had no concept of treating himself right;
clothes sticking to you as you moved and dripping wet hair did not a happy evening make.

He paused when he caught sight of me standing wide-eyed and clutching a shopping bag, and
I dropped it and turned to the oven before he could comment. “Omelet rice! Omelet. And
rice. Um, the ketchup’s in the cupboard, do you want three eggs? I have more eggs.”

“Three eggs is ok?” he said, more thrown by my rapid statements than anything else.

“I’ll do you four,” I told him, and started pouring rice in the cooker far too enthusiastically.
Damnit, my ears were red. I could feel them burning.

Not that I was affected by wearing girls’ clothes. I wasn’t. I didn’t care. If I cared, I wouldn’t
have shopped from the kunoichi section in the first place. And they weren’t girls’ clothes
anyway, they were just clothes. I’d been surprised to see myself in bright colours, that was
all. I’d spent too long in black, I forgot other colours were a thing.

I bit my lip and measured out the water with slightly more calm and control. Even if I did
admit to myself - sometimes, reluctantly - that I made for a better girl than a guy, there wasn’t
much point making a fuss over it. The others had enough to worry about when it came to me
- I had enough to worry about when it came to me - a gender identity was a stupid thing to
add to the pile.

They were very impractical. And very civilian. They swished. Who wore swishy clothes. Not
me.

I progressed from biting to chewing my lip, checking on Naruto as I started beating eggs. He
was dubious, but seemed happy enough that I wasn't in immediate need of support, and had
progressed to mimicking my stool with a clone and testing how weird the memories would be
to receive once it dispelled. I should really find another one for him if he was going to come
round more. Asking a guest to be their own furniture was the sort of poor hosting my mum
wouldn't have approved of.

And, I realised in annoyance, I needed to find new tops, since mine had turned out to be
hakama instead. Swishy hakama. That hadn’t been labelled. And had been folded so you
couldn’t see what they were in the packet. Who did that.



It was a relief the next morning when Kakashi showed for training, though I was wary of the
fact that he had Pakkun with him again. It was only Pakkun though, no other dogs, and when
Kakashi flopped into a messy cross-legged position on the bridge there was no sign of him
abandoning us to d-ranks again.

“Jutsu, murderlings!” he said, eye-smiling at us. “If you’re going to not die you need to learn
how to not die.”

“Sit,” Pakkun added helpfully, demonstrating by parking himself in a patch of sun.
“What jutsu?” Naruto asked as we sat. “We did tree walking and water walking, the next one
must be air walking, right?”

I snorted. There was absolutely no way air walking existed.

“Ah, not quite,” Kakashi said. “Though I believe there’s a cloud hopping technique
somewhere that’s not far off. But! I have different plans in mind today.”

No, wait - go back to the cloud hopping. Because. Forgive my junior school understanding of
the water cycle, but weren’t clouds vapour. How in the fuck did you hop on them.

Despite my telepathic messages though, Kakashi didn’t go back. He held up his hands in a
cross seal and created a pair of shadow clones; one for Naruto, to teach him a jutsu to make a
burst of wind and deflect incoming missiles, and one for Sakura, to allow her to move short
distances underground and attack an enemy from below.

Actually, I think Sakura got the real Kakashi - her jutsu was the one most likely to hurt her if
she got it wrong. She also got Pakkun to help track her by the vibrations he felt in his paw-
pads, though given that he seemed to be more concerned with his sunbeam I wasn’t sure how
much help he provided.

“So,” my Kakashi, who was probably a clone, said. “Most water techniques work best on or
near a body of water, but there are some that you can use anywhere. For now, at least; in the
future you should be able to create your own water.”

I held myself carefully relaxed. I'd planned for this; I had arguments if I needed them. Naruto
and Sakura had both got elemental techniques, it wasn’t really a surprise that Kakashi was
heading a similar direction for me - it was just not the direction I was going to go in.

“Sensei,” I said, “I’m going to be a genjutsu specialist. It’s a good fit for my role in the team,
and it makes sense with my other skills.” It's what I'd decided on the road to Wave when I
first learnt my chakra was water natured, and though I'd got better with water I hadn't
changed my mind. On or near a body of water just wasn't my style. If I was in that situation,
I'd need my bubblehead to breathe, and as many kawarimis as it took to get out.

He hesitated. “Genjutsu is a good support skill,” he allowed, “But illusions don’t actually
block or attack anyone. They’re best at making other strategies more effective, by themselves
they’re not well suited to combat.”

“That’s the point of support though,” I said. “I’m not well suited to combat by myself.”

“There’s no reason for you not to be,” he disagreed. “Your taijutsu’s good. So’s your chakra
control. And you still get into fights and need to be able to win them, so the water blade -”

“Not water,” I insisted, stubbornly holding onto my calm, and when he just looked at me I
lifted my chin and looked back. I didn’t want close combat techniques. I wanted to stay long
range sniper-style. Support. But with genjutsu.
“Sasuke,” he said, then seemed to change his mind about what he was going to say next. “Do
you need a mind healer? For - what happened.”

“What?” I blinked, thrown by the sudden topic change. “No. A mind - no. Thank you. I’m
fine.” Whether a mind healer meant a therapist or a Yamanaka with permission to pry,
someone looking into my secrets was the last thing I needed.

“Ah. Does the bubblehead work?”

“Yes?” I glanced at the others, but Naruto and Sakura both seemed to be making hand seals
with either wild enthusiasm or intense concentration. I wasn’t sure what Kakashi was trying
to get at, but he clearly wasn’t running through a status check with them. “It’s fine,” I said,
fighting the urge to frown at him. “I’m fine. Everything’s fine, I just want to be a genjutsu
specialist. Please.”

He held my gaze for a beat longer than I was comfortable with, and I did frown at him then.
It seemed to shake him out of whatever thoughts had caught up to him because he nodded
and settled into a more deliberately casual pose.

“Genjutsu,” he said, and some tension I didn’t even realise I had bled out of me. “Which ones
do you know?”

I shook my head, relieved. I don't know if I'd expected more of a battle or not, but either way,
I was glad he'd listened to me. “Only henge and the illusion bunshin.” They were the only
ones the academy taught, and even they were arguably not proper genjutsu. I’d come across
references to several from the clan, but no instructions for how to cast them - and anyway,
most relied on a sharingan.

Kakashi nodded, humming thoughtfully. “Those two are both external illusions. You cast
them once and they’re visible to everyone, but if one person disrupts them, the whole illusion
falls. Internal illusions occur in the mind, and if you want to affect multiple people you’ll
need to cast - and hold - multiple illusions. Done well, it tricks the victim into filling in the
details of what they see and can therefore be much more effective and harder to break than an
external illusion.”

“Like the hell viewing technique,” I said. It targeted a person’s fears; I’d seen drowning
because I was afraid of drowning, and my mind had supplied what it felt like from memory. I
paused, thinking of Itachi’s mangekyou. “But you can also control an internal illusion and
show someone what you want them to see, can’t you?”

“To an extent,” he agreed. “The more you specify the more complicated the illusion is to hold
- minds are easier to persuade than to force. You’ll find the same true of external illusions as
well though; something obviously fake is easier to see through than something plausible
enough to be true. The strongest genjutsus are subtle, it’s not a field for flashy techniques.”

What I remembered of genjutsu from the anime disagreed with that, but I guessed extreme
sneakiness and underhanded tricks didn’t make for the best TV. Kakashi had probably picked
up genjutsu in ANBU; I suspected he had different priorities then.
And as for Tsukuyomi - well, that was on an entirely different level. No need to be subtle
when you’ve so obviously already won.

Background laid, which I suspect was as much stalling for time as anything else given that
I’d disrupted his original lesson plan, Kakashi moved on to teaching me a basic illusion. The
one he went for was the False Surroundings Technique, one that projected a fake reality over
an area. In theory it could cover as large an area as my chakra could reach and change it to
look however I wanted - though it was more suited to visual changes than other senses, and
like any external illusion the whole thing would fall if one person successfully disrupted it.

“Practice using it like a henge first,” Kakashi instructed. “Except instead of hengeing
yourself, you’re hengeing your environment.”

I scrunched up my nose, poking at the ground in front of me. Use it like a henge… But with a
henge I was wrapping my chakra round myself to hold the illusion. So I should… do the
same thing? I’d got better at reaching out with my chakra, but it felt solid to me and I usually
used it to make things move. If I lay it over the grass and tried really hard not to flatten the
grass blades with the physical presence of my chakra, then…

“Like this?” I asked, turning approximately a square foot of grass blue. It looked flat and
unrealistic, so I amended to let some of the shadows through and give it depth. Like changing
a filter on photoshop, almost.

“You’re using too much yang chakra,” Kakashi disagreed, tugging on one of the stalks. It
stayed in place, held there by the chakra I was so carefully not squashing it with. “You need
yin for genjutsu.”

“Uh.” I waited for him to elaborate, but he didn’t. Ok, then. Yin. I love yin. Team pro yin,
that’s me, feminine and spiritual and all those good things.

How the fuck do you channel yin chakra.

I stared at the blue grass for a few minutes in frustration, then caved and went to ask Kakashi.
He’d retreated to a shady patch and was reading his book. Two of him had retreated to a
shady patch to read his book, which begged the question of why he hadn’t dispelled the
clones if he was done with them. I returned my attention to the damn blue grass and decided
against asking him, because he was a dick, even if he was a dick who was trying a lot harder
than I potentially used to give him credit for.

“Yin,” I said under my breath. “Yin. Yin. Yin.”

The blue grass filled my vision. I could see the patchy shadows where I’d tried to make the
illusion see-through to give it a feeling of depth, annoying in their sloppiness. There were no
highlights where the sun reflected off the grass. Between the leaves, there were bits I’d
missed, and underneath them bits that were blue that weren’t meant to be. I saw the grains of
soil in the dirt. I saw the fine cracks where the earth was starting to dry out, and between the
gaps of them, the hair-thin thread of roots branching out in search of water. An ant walked
through my patch of blue grass, and I saw its antenna waving as it searched out the colony’s
scent trail.
“Oh,” I said distantly, and removed the heavy blue layer I’d applied. The grass shuddered and
breathed, like I’d lifted a sheen of paint, and when I reached out again to tweak it blue I did it
right. Blue grass. Veins of blue running through the leaves of the weeds dotted among it. Blue
flowers, rich in violets and indigos, and the ant I turned a firey orange in contrast. The soil
was brown; I made it purple-black, and the pebbles I shaded pink. They were pretty and there
weren’t enough of them, so I made more, and I ran out of space in my patch of grass but there
was a whole field and I could make it all blue and purple and pink with orange ants -

“Sasuke,” someone said, and they blocked my view. I saw the threads of their jacket and the
split ends in their hair and I blinked and they were glass, reflecting the light into rainbows; I
blinked again and took the rainbows and painted myself red and yellow and blue blue blue -

“Kai,” they said, and my colours were gone; I glared at them and saw the swirling red in their
eye and the lines of their iris and the oddly even marks of the tomoe, I saw the scar tissue
round the edge where the sharingan had been implanted and never healed quite smooth, I saw
their sharingan, I saw -

I ripped my gaze away and gasped, shaking myself out of it. The world faded back to normal,
where the grass was just grass and ants were small and insignificant, and for a moment I
missed the incredible clarity of everything I’d seen.

“Sasuke,” Kakashi repeated. It took me a second to realise he was kneeling in front of me
with his hands on my shoulders.

“I’m fine,” I said reflexively. Took a breath and let it out, then repeated myself, steadier. “I’m
fine. Why do you have your sharingan uncovered?”

He raised an eyebrow but sat back on his heels. Sakura and Naruto were hovering with
Pakkun, just far enough behind him that they weren’t crowding close.

“You turned the whole field blue,” he said. “I think you were working on the forest when I
stopped you.”

“Oh,” I said, then his words registered. “Wait, I did? Why did you stop me?”

“How’s your chakra?” he asked instead of answering. I bit back on the fine that I wanted to
say and actually checked it, calling up a tendril and coiling it in my palm.

It was like trying to collect syrup with a fishing hook. I was low. Not quite chakra exhaustion
low, but genjutsu packed a punch, apparently, and I hadn’t even been paying attention enough
to see the result.

“The sharingan is dangerous,” Kakashi admonished, pulling his headband over his eye. He
looked for a moment as though he were going to ask a question, then he shook his head a
fraction and just said, “Congratulations on activating your blood limit.”

“The - what.” What. “No, I… don’t… have it?” I was meant to get it in the fight with Haku,
but that hadn’t happened the way it went in canon so it’d never awakened. Right?
“Ah, my mistake,” Kakashi said, eye-smiling at me. “You must’ve been using that other red
eye technique to enhance your genjutsu that Uchiha are famous for. Carry on, then.”

I stared. “Sakura,” I said, raising my voice. “Kakashi thinks I have a sharingan.”

“If it's the red eye thing bastard, then you do!” Naruto yelled back. He sounded certain. Why
was I the last to know.

“Oh,” I said faintly. “That’s good. Hello Pakkun, why are you climbing in my lap.”

The pug gave me a completely disgusted look and flopped over to present his belly for rubs.
“Puppies,” he muttered, and waved his leg until I got the message and started stroking.

I had a sharingan. And I used it to turn a whole field blue. Also Pakkun was really soft.

How nice.



It took me a week to be able to consistently use my sharingan, and longer to be familiar
enough with it to see any benefit. I could turn it on fairly easily, once I knew how it felt, but
doing anything with it active was a completely different matter. I just - I could see everything.
I felt in severe danger of growing a beard, giving up showers and telling Naruto that I could
see the true meaning of the universe, man.

Maybe not the showers.

It was like a direct wire to my hyperfocus. Sharingan went on, the shuriken in my hand
turned into the most beautiful thing in all of creation, Sakura’s punch landed squarely in my
chest because I’d stopped mid spar and started drooling at my fingernails. I wasn’t even
touching genjutsu with it, not until I could keep my head where it was meant to be.

When I did manage to wrestle it under control though, it was both horrifically overpowered
and also slightly useless. It didn’t make me move any faster or improve any skills, but the
amount of visual data I was processing made everything seem to move a fraction slower. Like
- have you ever looked at a clock, and it takes a long time for the second hand to start moving
but after that it ticks along normally? Like that. Brain is thinking, please hold, except brain
has to think about every consecutive moment so it never resumes normal time.

I could see Naruto’s fingers forming a hand seal and know what it was before he was even
halfway through. I could see Sakura’s muscles flexing as she called out her spinning blades,
currently poisoned with a mild pain concoction because she didn’t actually want to kill us,
and I knew which arm she was going to punch with and how much force she’d put behind it.
I could also, at the same time, see a broken petal fall off a flower the other side of the training
field, and that was somehow more distracting than the imminent death barrelling towards me.

In terms of which I’d like permanently etched into my subconscious the flower probably
won, but still. This was not the easy shortcut to invincibility I’d been promised and it gave
me killer dry eye and ate my chakra like nobody’s business. I wanted a refund.
Except, actually, my kawarimi was still limited by line of sight and the sharingan did give me
a massive boost on my range for it, so. That was neat. Plus my shuriken throws were reaching
Haku-levels of precision. I might have to switch to senbon at this rate. Maybe. Wire was
tricky with senbon, and death yoyos were a big thing to give up. Plus, it did make for hella
detailed illusions, even if I wasn't yet at that stage of using it.

Not that we spent all our time on sharingan training. Or on standard training, even, though
the spars were made more interesting by Sakura popping out the ground like a deadly jack in
the box and Naruto casually batting aside any incoming projectiles with his wind jutsu. Both
of these, I felt, were supremely unfair to someone who relied on throwing sharp and pointy
things for a living, and I was making great use of non-sharinganed genjutsu to fight dirty
when I got close enough to do so.

But, most of the time was spent back on - you guessed it - d-ranks.

Yeah. Them.

I’m not going to go through them for you. We weeded some fields. Repaired someone’s roof.
Collected Tora-chan from yet another tree after yet another escape attempt. Introduced
Kakashi’s pack to the concept of sheepdog herding and retrieved a trio of lost pigs from the
shady side of town.

… That last one didn’t actually go too well. I wasn’t sure if I was misremembering how
sheep dogs worked, or if pigs were inherently more contrary than sheep were, or even if
Urushi was just shit at remembering the difference between away and come bye, but
whatever the reason, it didn’t work. Nor did getting Naruto to henge some clones into saddles
and attempting to ride the pigs back to their farm. The disastrous idea to pick the pigs up and
carry them is best left unmentioned.

Apparently one and half metres of pig weighs a lot more than me, that’s all I’ll say.

So when Kakashi told us we were meeting at a different training ground the following
morning, all three of us sat forward in interest.

“Special mission?” Naruto asked hopefully. “We’re ready for another c-rank Sensei, believe
it!”

“Or a different kind of training?” Sakura guessed, more realistically. I just tilted my head to
the side and waited. I didn’t think we’d have another c-rank mission, even if it was just a
normal one that didn’t go wildly wrong. When were the chunin exams? They couldn’t be far
off, and Kakashi had already said he was going to enter us. He wouldn’t risk missing the
start.

… Huh. The chunin exams weren’t far off. I… had completely forgotten to plan for them.

Well that was a bit shit.

In my defence I’d had a lot going on, but I doubted Orochimaru would delay his invasion
because I’d been distracted. Curse seal? No ta, not today, I’ve got a honeysuckle in need of
planting and some childhood trauma to suppress. Can I interest you in a piss off with a side
helping of fuck no.

“Training mission,” Kakashi confirmed. He eye-smiled and continued mildly, “Apparently
you’ve been completing your d-ranks with… maa, what was it? An enthusiasm and
inventiveness best kept under control, I think was the phrase.”

“Pakkun told us to,” I said, shamelessly dodging responsibility. Kakashi might be a lot more
invested in the team than he had been at the start, but his attitude to d-ranks was still to
supervise in a purely spiritual sense and not actually turn up. The only difference was that
he’d conned the dogs into doing it for him.

“Hmm,” he said, neither agreeing with or denying my statement. The fact that Pakkun wasn’t
here to defend himself had absolutely nothing to do with my choosing him to take the blame.
Ridiculous.

"You could always do d-ranks with us," I pointed out. I kept my tone just light enough to not
be serious, but I couldn't keep all the accusation out. I'd resorted, once, to stalking the
memorial stone to see if I could find him there. I hadn't; I don't know if he'd heard me coming
or if he spent the time somewhere else, but either way.

"Hmm?" he asked, somehow suddenly holding his book open and looking up from it. "What
was that?"

“What do we need to bring?” Sakura asked, bringing the conversation back to the training
mission and neatly skipping over the d-ranks. “Will it be overnight?”

“You know, I’ve quite forgotten,” Kakashi said, tapping the book against his chin in rueful
thought.

“‘S ok, sensei,” Naruto said. “Memory problems are a normal part of growing old.”

“Ah, I remember. Don’t eat breakfast. Later, sproglets.” He waved, not even trying to make
his smile convincing, and vanished in a whirl of leaves.

I turned my attention back to the problem of the chunin exams, getting to my feet on
autopilot and walking in the direction of my home.

“D’you think he means it? About breakfast? Hey Sakura-chan, should we actually skip
breakfast?”

Except that the chunin exams themselves weren’t actually a problem, particularly given
Kakashi had already said he didn’t expect Naruto or I to be promoted. If anything, it would
benefit me personally to give a poor showing - I didn’t want to reveal my skills in front of
potential enemies, and I didn’t want to attract attention to myself.

Though, as ever, not so poor a showing that Danzo would reallocate my eyes to a better host.
Not host. Host made it sound like my eyes were parasites. Ergh.
“I think Sensei just said it because you called him old. When he told us to skip breakfast for
the bell test it was a trick.”

But still; the longer I could keep the sharingan hidden, the better - we’d collectively
neglected to update any of my records to include it, and no one outside the team knew I had
it. The more I could fade into the background, the better. If I could avoid the exams
altogether… Could I? If I withdrew, I’d take Sakura and Naruto with me. They’d be sad.
Kakashi would be mad. The flippin’ Hokage would probably be mad.

No, wait. Kakashi wouldn’t be mad. He’d be disappointed.

I shied away from the thought.

“Yeah, but it’s Kakashi-dick-sensei. What if he checks if we ate breakfast and we did and he
knows, huh?”

Ok. So I couldn’t avoid the exams. Even if I did, no guarantee that Orochimaru wouldn’t
come after me at some other point, and then I’d be in the same position as before except
without any benefit from my foreknowledge. I had to take the test, and once in the forest the
only ways out were via the tower or in a body bag. So. I. Speedran to the tower? But like.
Really fast.

Genius level planning there, bogbrain. Genius.

“Why would he check? How would he know?”

“The bastard says he just knows things ‘cause he’s sensei. And he’d check ‘cause he’s a dick-
sensei.”

But I couldn’t ask for help. I couldn't explain why I needed help, or justify to Kakashi why I
wanted to pull out. I couldn’t even try to tip anyone off - my paranoia about past-me being
discovered wouldn’t let me, not unless I had a concrete alibi to explain how I knew what I
knew.

… My newly awakened sharingan could come with prophetic powers.

“Sasuke-kun thinks Sensei can do anything though. It’s really sweet.”

No. Fuck. No prophecies. Bad plan. Bad plan.

“Bastard? Sakura-chan just called you sweet.”

So, what? My grand plan for dealing with Orochimaru slapping a tramp stamp on my neck
was to outrun him? That was a shit plan. But fighting him was a shittier plan. Couldn’t call in
allies, except the ones who were already meant to be in the forest - and they were all genin,
I’d just be bringing more lambs to the slaughter. Even if they weren’t genin, it was
Orochimaru we were talking about. It’d still be slaughter. Hell, forget calling allies in, I
should be more concerned with getting Naruto and Sakura out. There was no way they'd
leave if I told them. I couldn't keep them safe by myself.
  “Sasuke-kun?”

  Itachi could keep them safe. If he wanted to. Which he would; he was still loyal, and he loved
  me - if he were here, Orochimaru wouldn't be a problem for any of us. What was so damn
  important he had to leave me behind, huh. I was the light of his life. Nothing compared to
  me. He should rearrange his schedule to make time for me, and stop fobbing me off with a
  forehead jab and a load of funerals.

  “Oi, bastard.”

  I blinked, tugging my lip out from between my teeth and turning my frown on Naruto.
  “What?” I asked, shifting my arm to protect my ribs in case he decided to elbow me again.

  “What’re you thinking about?”

  “World peace,” I said blithely. I was pretty sure that’s what Akatsuki was aiming for. Meant
  to be aiming for. Weren’t they collecting the jinchuuriki as a nuclear deterrent, or something
  mad like that? Or wait, was it that the jinchuuriki were already meant to be nuclear
  deterrents? Because if they were, they were doing a shit job. Not that I was convinced nuclear
  deterrent was the right way to go in the first place, but.

  “Also dinner,” I continued, putting the thought firmly out of my brain. Naruto’d spent all his
  life being seen as a danger first and a boy a distant second. I got pissy enough at civilians
  who tried to do it to him, there was no way in hell I was going to spend time thinking about it
  myself. I had standards. “I want bolognese.”

  Naruto pulled a face. “It’s still not how you eat noodles, bastard.”

  “What’s bolognese?” Sakura asked, making a much better attempt at pronouncing it than
  Naruto had ever managed.

  “Noodles with fish and cooked tomatoes. My obaasan used to make it. Naruto just doesn’t
  understand it because he’s wrong.”

  “I’m not wrong!”

  “Are you saying Granny is? Because I will fight you, Uzumaki. Don’t think for a moment
  that I won’t.”

  “I’m saying that noodles belong in ramen and mushy tomato noodles are weird.”

  “I saw you swap out with a clone - get back here you damn coward -”



Chapter End Notes
Kakashi: when the fuck did he get his sharingan
Kakashi: don't react don't react don't react
Kakashi: no wait he's probably excited congratulate him dammit
Kakashi: did he get it on the bridge? no he definitely didn't have it then
Kakashi: so
Kakashi: did he get in another near death situation???
Kakashi: DON'T REACT
Kakashi: pakkun
Kakashi: pakkun

Pakkun: ... Hello problem child, here is my tummy, it's soft.
                                       Chapter 17: Third arc: IV
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Eight in the morning was a weirdly late start time. It was when Kakashi had told us to meet,
   but it left at least an hour spare after breakfast - which, thank you, I ate with relish - that I
   didn’t know what to do with.

   Naruto was still sprawled across the futon, occupying decidedly more than the half he was
   allowed. If this sleepover situation got any more permanent I was going to find a way to
   invent a futon bunk bed. Maybe string one to the ceiling with wire. Hammocks, ninja style.

   “Hey,” I said, poking gingerly at his shoulder with my toes. “Hey, are you awake. I’m bored.
   Spar with me. Naruto. Hey.”

   “Bass’rd,” he groaned, rolling over and trying to hide under the pillow. I shifted to a better
   position and kept poking. “Stopp’t. Wass time?”

   “Eleven,” I lied. “We’re late. Come spar.”

   He craned his neck to try and find the clock, then gave up and made a clone appear in the
   middle of the room. It pouted blearily and made a show of pulling its walrus cap down over
   one eye before staring at the clock and dispelling.

   That definitely counted as an abuse of an A-rank jutsu. Naruto, you are the chakra wastage
   Iruka warned us about in class. Also if you’re awake enough for clones you’re awake enough
   to train with me. Get.

   “We’ve got ages,” he complained once he received the memory.

   “I’m bored,” I repeated plaintively. I’d already stretched. I’d made bentos for lunch, and I’d
   even peeled the grapes I’d added in for desert because the skin was tough and I deserved
   better in life. For mine and Naruto’s lunches. And I’d spent twenty minutes seeing the secrets
   of the universe in the washing up when I activated my sharingan. For stamina practice, and
   also for the cleanest damn crockery you ever saw in your life.

   I shifted my foot to his pillow and tried to work it out from under his head. The death grip he
   had on it made it hard, but I was persistent. “C’mon. You’re awake. Naruto. Naruto.”

   “Go feed the plants,” he growled, and abandoned his pillow in favour of retreating crab-like
   into an impenetrable ball of blanket. I stuck my tongue out at him, but I’d lost interest in
   trying to wake him up and meandered outside. Because I wanted to. Not because he told me
   to.

   “I’ve fed the plants,” I told the fish. They didn’t all need fertiliser, and it wasn’t good to
   overdo it; I wasn’t due for another round of compost and fish bits for at least a fortnight. “Not
koi fish bits,” I reassured the ones in my pond. “Other fish. Fish we don’t care about. Food
fish.”

I frowned. It wasn’t good to overfeed the fish either, and I didn’t have any more pruning to
do. The new honeysuckle was planted and doing well - not, unfortunately, spilling over the
pond; apparently the berries caused problems if they fell in the water. Maybe I could get
different pond flowers? A plan for the future, perhaps, but not six in the morning when no
shops were open. My garden was providing less entertainment than Naruto was, and poetry
was for pyjama evenings with Plushie-tan.

My gaze fell on one of the closed windows on the far side of the house. We hadn’t tried to go
back into the main area, not since that disastrous first attempt. Going into the bedrooms
through the windows though didn’t bring up the same memories - I knew from frequent trips
to Itachi’s room. I’d never tried going into my parents’ room that way, but… Maybe? I still
needed to get Naruto that team photo.

“Wait there,” I said, flicking my fingers at the koi in a stay motion. The window, when I
approached it, was dark, blocked off with a screen from the inside. The wood had swollen in
the frame but it opened easily enough with a shuriken to aid it, and I left my sandals outside
as I hopped over the sill.

It wasn’t my parents’ room. Old instinct caused me to freeze, listening for other people and
edging fearfully back towards the exit before I shook myself out of it. My father was dead. I
was the clan head. His study was my study, I was allowed to go in.

I moved the screen aside to let the light in and padded curiously over to his desk. I’d been in
here… once, I think? Twice? He used to call Itachi in a lot. Mum rarely went in, and never
without him there, but I remember a couple of times she’d marched over to the door and
waited impatiently for him to go in ahead of her.

I think they used it to argue in. They didn’t like disagreeing in front of us, but. We knew.

The protections on the desk were standard ones, similar to what I’d already come across
around the compound. A couple of seals I still didn’t know how to get through, a few poison
and chakra traps that needed disabling, and one I’d seen before but not been able to get past
that I now recognised as needing a sharingan to unlock. I went for that one, working my
chakra into the lock with my hyperfocussed red eyes honed in on it to guide me.

The drawer clicked open in my hand and I pulled it back with a vaguely surreal sense of
trepidation. Inside there were scrolls, a heavy metal stamp seal, a calligraphy box containing
a bottle of mostly-used ink and a set of beautiful brushes. Some forms. A few letters. A
contract to commission a set of silk paintings, signed and dated, but still waiting for a counter
signature.

I wasn’t sure what I was expecting. He wouldn’t have kept the secrets of the coup behind
such flimsy protections - if he kept them written down at all. A quick scan showed that most
of the papers related to day to day business dealings, budget requests from the police force, a
note to a cousin to wish her and her new daughter well, a proposal to redevelop the land by
the river to an area of intensive farmland that had been denied due to the population
mismatch -

I frowned, pulling that one out. The land by the river wasn’t for farming. We didn’t have
farms inside the clan walls; the Uchiha businesses were law, through the police, and
commerce, through imports and brokerage, usually exclusive contracts with luxury artisans.
Maybe we had some back when the village was founded, but they’d been built over for
houses ages back. Who the hell would be trying to farm?

According to the proposal, the clan. In general. Farmers to be decided. Prior experience
optional. I read further, but the only reason it gave was to break our ‘dangerous and
unsupportable dependency’ on Konoha to sell us food, which. Didn’t sound quite right?
When I flicked to the last page I found the denial note. In meandering legalese it said that the
clan’s size didn’t justify it - apparently there were less of us than the growth models the
proposal was based on predicted, and we were needed in other roles.

That was it. It was dated several months before the massacre and didn’t make much sense to
be at the top of my father’s paperwork pile, unless he was still working on it. Maybe he was;
if we were outgrowing the Uchiha district, that’d be a reason to push for the coup - except
that, according to the latest clan census, we weren’t.

I knew what the suspiciously missing Uchiha said to me, but… Would anyone else have
made the connection? If there even was a connection. I didn’t have any proof of bloodline
theft before the massacre itself. ROOT, as far as I could remember, did not have sharingans.

Though if they did, maybe Danzo would be less interested in mine.

The sound of the hot water pump made me startle, frantically rolling the scroll shut and
replacing it exactly as I’d found it in the drawer. My heart was racing, and it wasn’t until I’d
already reset most of the traps that I remembered it was Naruto I was hearing in the shower. I
stopped, pulling a face at myself and telling my fight-or-flight reflex to chill out.

“It’s just Naruto. Frick’s sake.” What was he going to do, tell me off for being in my own
study? Idiot. It didn’t stop me moving everything back into place and dropping almost
guiltily out the window again - which I acknowledge was a stupid reaction but which I
justified by not wanting to jeopardize Itachi’s secrets by airing clan matters outside the clan.
Even if denied farm proposals were only loosely connected to him, it still counted.

“If he asks, I’ve been feeding the plants,” I reminded the fish. “And stretching. You can tell
him I was stretching. Only if he asks. No, wait - I’ve been looking for the photo, that’s what
I’ve been doing.”

They mouthed hopefully at the surface in search of pellets, but it wasn’t any better to
overfeed them now than it had been twenty minutes ago. Naruto was still in the shower, and
now that I knew which window was the study I could easily work out which was my parents’
room. I’d promised him the photo ages ago. I should get it. It wouldn’t take long.

I felt even more like I was trespassing than I had in the study; at least there it was tidy,
impersonal, and somewhere I had actually been before, if rarely. My parents’ room though
was… full of them. The bed had a white quilt, hand embroidered with blue flowers. The
wood was old mahogany, polished enough that it still held some shine, and the chest of
drawers had dragons curling around each drawer front. I ran my fingers over them, half
expecting the carved wood to feel warm.

It wasn’t messily full. Everything was neat, precise in a way I’d never managed in my
kitchen. There was nothing hanging on the walls, though one of the screens had a branching
cherry tree painted on in broad strokes of black ink. On one of the dressers there was a
penguin, chiseled out of a dark wood and inlaid with mother of pearl for the white belly. I’d
never seen a penguin in Konoha. It wasn’t associated with the Uchiha. This one had a crudely
made haori wrapped round it in the style my father usually wore, like an oddly somber
penguin doll, and it was standing next to a white-painted crane in a flowing red kimono.

The photos were next to it. Lots of photos; Mum and Kushina and a boy I didn’t recognise
with a sensei I’d never met, Mum and Kushina pregnant and laughing, Mum as a little girl
with flower pins in her hair, a dark-haired teenager who grinned and looked too much like my
dad to be allowed to be that carefree, Itachi as a small child, Itachi with his headband, Itachi
with his arms full of baby me, Itachi with mum and she was smiling and I was smiling and
Itachi had already learnt to copy Father’s heavy stare because he was Uchiha and the hottest
fire is the red ember in the centre and not the fickle flame -

The sharp cracking sound the photo frame made when I slammed it into the wood seemed too
loud and too sudden in the silence. I stood by the dresser, hand pressing it down as though the
picture were going to leap out at me, and fought to blink off my sharingan. It was way too
easy to activate when it wasn’t necessary. Which it wasn’t. It was a picture. A damn picture.
And the quiet; that was because the shower pump had stopped. Naruto was going to be done
in a second, I didn’t want him to come looking for me. I grabbed the two photos of Kushina
and turned my back on the penguin and the crane, and it was only when I was already out the
window that I realised I’d also grabbed a pair of flower pins, gold with red enamel on the tiny
flower heads. I stared at them in confusion. They were the same ones my mum had been
wearing in her photo, and now that I was holding them I could see that they’d been sharpened
to serve as hidden weapons, but I didn’t have time to go back and replace them.

“Remember your training,” I muttered to the fish as I went past. “Stretching, plants, photo.
Don’t let me down.”

I wasn’t convinced by their silence, but Naruto was stunned enough by the photos that the
study and the clan coup never came up. It potentially wouldn’t have done anyway, but it
never hurt to be prepared.

I was not prepared though for Naruto to be as affected by Mum as by Kushina.

“I know her,” he said, staring at the picture of the two of them laughing. Mum was heavily
pregnant in that one, Kushina maybe a few months behind - though with the exaggerated
baby-bump pose it was hard to tell. “She used to be at the market. I thought she worked
there.” He blinked, then glanced at me and covered his reaction with a squinty-eyed smile
while I frowned in confusion. “Ah, I guess not if she was your mum! Hey, bastard, when’s
your birthday?”
“July,” I said slowly. He… could have just seen her shopping? Maybe? I didn’t know how to
ask and he clearly wanted to move on. But. He was doing the bad smile that meant he was
actually sad? “Um, 23rd July.”

“July? I was born in October, that makes you…” he counted. “Two months older than me?
Two and a half?” He turned back to the photo, tracing a finger over Kushina’s brilliant,
familiar grin, and when he continued his voice was quieter. “You think… Maybe?”

“She looks like you,” I said honestly.

“Oh.” He sounded like he was about to cry. He also didn’t ask about my mum again, so he
was probably just thrown by seeing Kushina. That didn’t feel quite right, but like I said. I
didn’t know how to ask.

I bumped my shoulder against his instead. “Guess you’re stuck with me then,” I said,
attempting to lighten the atmosphere. “Can’t argue with mothers. Not worth the effort.”

It didn’t make him look any less like he was going to cry, but it did make him grin an
Uzumaki-grin at me and I couldn’t help but smile back, pleased to have made him happy.



Training ground six was at the base of the Hokage Mountain, where jagged, near-vertical
rock faces met the sloped, grass-covered ground and the trees made allowances for the lack
of flat surfaces by growing a bit smaller and a bit more sideways than usual.

Never underestimate a Konoha tree. These things will grow on your damn bones if you let
them, wrapping their roots around the overhangs and into the crevices at the base of the
mountain was nothing.

Sakura was already there when we arrived, waving us over to a good spot she’d found among
some of the larger rocks. I nodded a distracted hello, still turning the clan and my mum over
in my mind, and followed a step behind Naruto as he picked his way through the training
ground towards her. He called a cheerful good morning to her and, a beat later, a surprised
but no less cheerful good morning to Ino as well.

I knew, vaguely, that Obito had engineered things so the clan was disliked after the Kyuubi
debacle, but… the coup meant the clan was wrong, right? So even if it was horrible that
Itachi killed them and Danzo was evil, Itachi was still, kind of, doing the right thing? Even if
they were my parents. My mum had to die. Because. Itachi didn’t have a choice. Right?

Wait.

Ino?

“Sasuke-kun!”

My shoulders hunched and my face closed off before I’d even finished pulling myself back to
reality. Why was Ino here. What did she want. Why was she shuffling over and patting the
ground next to - no.
Without caring how rude it was, I reached forward and tugged Naruto to a halt, then
physically moved him until I was in front and he was between me and Ino. Then, to make
sure he got the hint, I pulled down on his jacket until he gave me an amused but chiding
frown and sat down.

I did not sit. It wasn’t safe. I perched, resting on my heels on the edge of one of the larger
rocks so I was taller than the others and had a good line of sight to escape if need be. Not that
I was scared of Ino, you understand. I wasn’t. I’d been better than her at most things in the
academy and I was fairly confident I could still take her in a fight, except I was also fairly
confident that Sakura would be unimpressed if I tried.

“Sasuke-kun is so cool,” Ino said to Sakura in a sotto voice that carried far too well. “He’s all
brooding and mysterious… I can’t believe you got to be on a team with him!”

I was stone. Marble. I was a calcified fossil. I was - but why couldn’t she have wanted to
fight. I could do fighting. I just, what the hell do you say to that? Thank you? Please stop?
I’m glad you noticed, I worked hard on it all week? No. None of it. Go away.

Naruto leaned back to jostle his shoulder against my shins, and I flicked my gaze to him
miserably without letting my expression change. He caught my eye just long enough for his
questioning look to turn into a resolved one, then turned back forward with a squinty-eyed
smile.

“Ah, don’t worry Ino-chan! He’s not cool when you get to know him. You don’t want to have
a crush on him, he’s not even mysterious in real life.”

I cracked the faintest smile for a second before I schooled my features back into their blank
mask, and kicked a foot forwards to nudge him in thanks. I wasn’t sure how effective his
statement was, given the way Ino’s face creased in offense, but bless him for trying.

“Naruto! Don’t be so rude to -”

“Jeez, woman,” Shikamaru complained, slouching towards us with his hands in his pockets
and Chouji following a step behind. “Why are you so loud so early?”

I had mixed reactions to his arrival; on the one hand, it pretty much solidified the fact that the
training mission Kakashi had set up for us today would be a joint one with Team Ten and I
didn’t get on with two thirds of them, but on the other hand, Chouji.

I couldn’t help it. I perked up. I hadn’t seen Chouji in ages, and even Shikamaru’s bleary-
eyed glare wasn’t going to get between us. Chouji meant snacks and like the Pavlovianly
trained sucker that I was I immediately started running through what I had to give him.
Lunch? There were cold noodles in my bento. No, grapes - peeled grapes. Everyone loved
peeled grapes.

“I have grapes,” I announced, leaning sideways to look around Shikamaru.

“Morning Sasuke,” Chouji said, smiling bemusedly. I scooted up closer to Naruto to make
space on the rock for him.
“Yes,” I said. “It is. Sit.” And, despite Shikamaru’s dark look and audible disapproval, Chouji
did - though he sat on the floor rather than the rock and I had to wriggle my ungainly way
down to sit next to him.

“Huh,” Naruto said, looking between us. “I forgot you two were friends.”

I wrinkled my nose. “We aren’t. I don’t have friends. I’m rude and standoffish, I don’t like
people.”

“No, you just mooch off them,” Shikamaru grumbled. I stuck my tongue out at him and
waved the grape box from my bento in protest.

“It’s ok, I don’t mind,” Chouji said. He took a grape, but I think more because I insisted than
because he wanted it, and tilted his bag of seaweed strips towards me. Shikamaru pulled a
face in the background, not even trying to be subtle about what he thought, and I resisted the
urge to smirk smugly in his direction.

I bet Chouji would appreciate my tuna-tomato-noodle attempt at bolognese. I doubted I’d
ever make it for him - I only made it for Naruto because he was at mine at dinner and if I left
him to his own devices he’d eat nothing but cup ramen which even I knew was nutritionally
lacking - but if I did, I bet he’d appreciate it.

“No way,” Ino hissed, then squeaked and flushed red when we looked over at her. Sakura
made frantic shushing motions that she hid and tried to play off as nonchalant, practically
broadcasting the fact that they’d been gossipping. Because, you know. Ninja. Subtle. Sneaky.
Like a mouse, but a mouse with a mariachi band trailing its every move.

“What way?” Naruto asked.

“Nothing!” Sakura said. “Absolutely nothing, boring thing, girly thing.” Ino nodded
frantically, gaze flicking between Naruto and me and Chouji and me fast enough that it was a
wonder she didn’t get a headache. I frowned, already retreating behind my emotionless mask
- which was a damn nuisance, I was holding a piece of nori and I couldn’t eat when I was
being unreadable. “Spar!” Sakura blurted. “We should. Spar. While we’re waiting for our
senseis.”

“O… kay?” Naruto squinted doubtfully, but when Sakura only shook her head at him he let it
drop. “Ok! We should spar - Team Seven against Team Ten, you won’t know what hit you,
believe it!”

“Troublesome,” Shikamaru drawled. “All of us attacking like that would be chaos. We should
take turns to spar one on one.”

“Battles are chaos though,” Sakura pointed out.

Ino sniffed an agreement. “Don’t try to pawn your laziness off as clever planning. But if
we’re sparring one on one - Sasuke-kun,” and here she batted her eyelashes at me what the
fuck is the socially acceptable response to that because it’s probably not crushing your
seaweed into a fine green powder in your fist, “You should spar with me so you finally have
someone who can keep up with you, hm?”

She didn’t look at Naruto as she said it, but she did slant a triumphant side-eye at Sakura.
And yeah, maybe back at the academy Ino had been one of the top taijutsu students, maybe
she was quick in a way that neither Sakura or Naruto would ever be, may fucking be I hadn’t
had a real speed challenge since the shitshow with Haku - but excuse me? Ino had got
double-knock out with canon Sakura in the chunin exams. My Sakura had chainsaw arms and
broke people’s unbeatable ice mirrors by hitting them really hard. Ino wished she could keep
up with Sakura.

Sakura who was trying to catch my eye and gesture at me to climb down because apparently
she thought it was fine for people to casually undermine everything she’d achieved, but I
lifted my chin and stubbornly pretended not to see.

“We actually had a different plan for today kiddos,” a new voice said. I reigned in my temper
to a muttering boil and stole another nori from Chouji, turning to look at the bearded man that
had just joined us. He wore a standard Konoha uniform with a sash tied round his waist - I
didn’t recognise the symbol on it, though assuming that this was Asuma I guessed it would
be… the guardian twelve? The twelve guardians? A temple? I couldn’t remember. Something
he’d done outside the village at some point.

“Though as Kakashi doesn’t appear to be here yet, I suppose you could spar while we wait…
Hm. What time does he usually turn up?”

“For about seven minutes sometime after lunch,” I answered grumpily. It was an
exaggeration. Mostly. Pakkun trained us more than he did, he was allergic to doing d-ranks
with us, and now it looked like he was adding Asuma to the roster, and though this probably
said dire things about the direction he was taking his teaching role in I was too busy being
annoyed at Ino to care.

Look, she needed sharp pointy things thrown at her for insulting Sakura, but if I agreed to
spar with her it’d look like I was doing what she asked and that wasn’t on the cards. My best
hope was that whatever team exercise the jounins had planned would provide the opportunity.
Hopefully while also showing off how spectacularly Sakura outclassed the entirety of Team
Ten. How Sakura and Naruto outclassed the entirety of Team Ten, because I bet everyone
was dismissing him as well.

Because they were idiots.

Except Chouji.

“Ah,” Asuma said. “That does sound like him.” He deliberated for a moment, then turned to
us decisively. “Right then teams, listen up! You’ve probably guessed we’re running a joint
exercise. You’ll be working against each other to simulate a mission working against enemy
ninjas; Sakura, I’m told you’re the leader of Team Seven -” hah fuckers, see that? “- and
Shikamaru, you’ll take the other leader position.
“Shikamaru’s team, your job is to get this clone,” he held his hands out in a seal and created a
bunshin, “over to the other side of the training field, where I will be waiting. The bunshin is
deliberately weak to mimic a civilian; it won’t fight or use chakra, and one hit will dispel it.
Sakura, your team has to prevent the bunshin reaching its target.”

I leaned forward, warily excited despite my earlier annoyance. Assassination mission?
Sabotage? It had definite potential. With Sakura’s hiding in the earth techniques and my
stealth we’d be overwhelming Team Ten with a hoard of Narutos before they even knew we
were there.

“Rules,” Asuma continued. “You may engage each other in combat. No permanent damage,
and if your opponent is in place to give you a killing blow, bow out and be dead for the rest
of the exercise. Listen to your team leader. Treat the bunshin like a client. You have an hour
time limit - if the bunshin is alive but still hasn’t reached me, I’ll count it as a win for
Sakura’s team. Got it?”

We nodded. I wondered, vaguely, if Asuma laid rules like that for every exercise Team Ten
did. Kakashi was much more of a figure it out kind of guy.

“Alright then. Teams! Ino and Chouji, you’ll be with Sakura; Shikamaru, you’ve got Sasuke
and Naruto. Sakura’s team, come with me; both teams get five minutes to plan, then I’ll start
the hour timer.”

Silence.

Crickets.

“Sensei, you’ve got the teams wrong,” Ino pointed out. “Shouldn’t it be Team Ten versus
Team Seven?”

“Hm, no,” Asuma said, entirely too pleased with himself for a man who was blatantly wrong.
“Coming, team Sakura?”

No. No she wasn’t. Except - she looked between me and Naruto unsurely, then got to her feet
with a thoughtful frown. Fine, ok, we were on the offensive - I could do that. I started getting
my feet under me to get up and follow her, only to find myself frozen in place halfway
through the motion.

I looked down, then followed my shadow back to Shikamaru.

Bitch.

“See you later I guess,” Sakura said with a meaningful emphasis, signing a quick stay by her
side with the signals Kakashi had started teaching us. Ino and Chouji followed and I glared
unhappily after them, refusing to shift from my half-crouched position even when Shikamaru
released me.

“So,” he said into the awkward silence that fell when they’d left. “Guess you’re with me.”

“Get fucked, Nara.”
“Bastard.”

I bared my teeth at Naruto, mind whirling. Underneath the underneath - was I meant to
sabotage Shikamaru? The bunshin was barely three metres away from me, I could easily give
Sakura the win. It felt like too obvious an out, but Kakashi’s impossible missions usually had
a twist like this behind them - except, Asuma didn’t seem the type. But; Kakashi was pushing
Sakura towards a promotion. Shikamaru was, if I remembered correctly, the only one of the
Rookie Nine to be promoted in canon, so it wasn’t a stretch to assume that Asuma was
pushing him too.

Chunin had to lead teams. Sometimes teams they weren’t familiar with. Protection missions
like Shikamaru was running and low-stakes interception missions like Sakura was running
were both classic c-rank missions a chunin would be asked to lead. The leap of logic here
was obvious.

It was also shit and I didn’t like it.

“Are you going to be like this the whole time?” Shikamaru asked, everything from his drawl
to his posture radiating how unimpressed he was. I briefly considered that he might be
putting it on deliberately to draw out a reaction, then discarded the thought. Even if he was, it
didn’t change anything. I still didn’t like him.

“You’re the leader,” I shot back. “Fixing team issues is your job, not mine.” Naruto fidgeted
uncomfortably next to me, clearly unsure what to do with my hostility.

I took a breath and tried to settle. There was a line between being an asshole and actively
spoiling for a fight and I was pretty sure I was tap dancing over it, but having Team Ten
sprung on me by surprise had done a number on my nerves. I hadn’t realised how much
things had changed in the few months I’d been with Team Seven until I was faced with
people from the academy again, and the stark contrast was highlighting things I was happier
forgetting.

Ino reminded me that I was the fabled last Uchiha. I didn’t want to be the fabled last Uchiha.
The last Uchiha had a stupid blood limit that made people want to kill him. Or date him.
Eyeballs, out for stud - there was a list.

Shikamaru reminded me that I was a dick, that I didn’t know how to interact with my peers
because they weren’t my peers, and that I was full of secrets like gaping holes that my insides
would fall out of if I relaxed my guard enough to let them.

Also he didn’t like me hanging around Chouji because Shikamaru was also a dick, but that
was less a creeping realisation and more just a fact of life.

And Chouji… didn’t remind me of anything. Naruto and Sakura were teammates, something
deeper and harder to define than friendship. Kakashi was complicated. Itachi hurt. Chouji just
liked sharing chips.

I loved Chouji.
“Fine,” I said, flattening my temper into something resembling calm. “What’s the plan.”

“I don’t know yet,” Shikamaru said, watching me intently. I held back my sarcastic response.
“I don’t have enough information. What’re your strengths and weaknesses, and what’s
Sakura likely to do that we can exploit?”

Nope. “Changed my mind,” I said. “Get fucked again Nara.” Team Seven’s weaknesses were
for Team Seven. There was no way on earth I was sharing that info. Not for the Hokage, not
for Shikamaru, not under pain of death or torture. No.

Naruto, I noticed, was staying silent. I didn’t know if that was a show of support or if he was
just not getting involved in a feud that’d been going on practically since the first time I dared
sit with Chouji, but either way I was grateful he wasn’t contradicting me.

Shikamaru leaned back. “Troublesome,” he drawled, in a way that was obviously leading. “I
thought Hatake was big on teamwork. Clearly not something he managed to pass on.”

Obviously leading. I bristled, thought fuck it, and took the bait. “Do you have a point?”

“Only that if this is a test for me as a leader then it’s a test for Sakura as well. She’ll hardly be
able to prove herself if her enemy isn’t able to put up a fight - but I guess you don’t care
about that.”

Oh, bitch. And because it wasn’t satisfying enough to keep it in my head, I said it out loud as
well. “You’re a bitch, Nara. Leave the manipulation to Yamanaka, you’re shit at it.”

He raised an eyebrow, lazy in his confidence. “Was I wrong?”

I scowled and refrained from answering. “Sakura’s strong,” I bit out ungracefully. “She’s best
suited to an all out assault. I’m fast and stealthy. Basic genjutsu, kawarimi. Naruto’s tricky
and has clones.”

“Lots of clones,” Naruto joined in, tension bleeding from him with relief. “I can henge them
as well - solid henge, so if you need gear I can make it.”

Shikamaru nodded, eyes sharp. “How durable?”

“One good hit to dispel, but I can make more. What are you thinking?”

He steepled his fingers, frowning at us as he considered our skills and thought through the
plan, and I fought to hide a chill of foreboding.

The chunin exams were coming soon. I’d let myself get distracted by Naruto and Sakura, but
seeing Team Ten again reminded me: less than a month after the exams finished, I’d be
leaving. Missing nin. An enemy of Konoha, even if I’d know that wasn’t true.

Shikamaru’s ridiculous intelligence gained whole new dimensions when you were looking at
it from the opposite side of the battlefield.

I had the brief, quickly stifled thought that Sakura was just as smart.
Chapter End Notes



    I've been waiting to bring Team Ten back for weeks I love them.
                                       Chapter 18: Third arc: V
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   “Well,” Asuma said, forty seven minutes later. “That could have gone better.”

   “What’re you talking about?” Naruto protested. “We got the bunshin to you, we passed the
   mission.”

   “On a technicality!” Ino jeered, looking up from the slice to her thigh she was putting
   pressure on. “If that’d been a real mission -”

   “If that’d been a real mission,” I cut in, “The wire would’ve been poisoned and you would be
   dead. Also I would’ve stabbed Chouji.”

   “I appreciate that you didn’t,” he said with a smile. I didn’t. Not stabbing Chouji had meant
   trying to knock him out instead, and I’d thoroughly misjudged how much force that would
   require. If I’d gone with my gut to begin with I wouldn’t have been quite so close to being
   crushed to death by a Chouji-sized bowling ball. Yes I was fast and yes he was easy enough to
   dodge, but how, please, was any of that meant to help when I had to get close anyway and
   spend way too long clinging on and trying to make him go unconscious. I was a precision
   instrument, I wasn’t meant to be used against a friggin tank.

   “If it’d been a real mission you’d’ve stayed on stealth where you were meant to be,”
   Shikamaru said, still sore about my creative interpretation of his plan.

   I sniffed, deliberately dismissive. “What’s the point of stealth if you can’t sneak attack?”

   “We were running protection.”

   “To be fair, Sasuke-kun did make our job harder,” Sakura defended. “If you’d let Naruto
   provide backup earlier like he wanted to we’d’ve been distracted enough for you to complete
   the mission.”

   “But we did complete the mission, Sakura-chan.”

   “If you’d had a clearer strategy, he wouldn’t have caused you so much trouble,” Shikamaru
   said. His tone was as drawling and lazy as ever, but he wasn’t as good at hiding his
   annoyance as he thought. I resisted the urge to smirk; I’d done my part, which was to give
   Sakura a good opponent to showcase her leadership skills against. That was what Shikamaru
   had conned me into agreeing to do.

   Giving him a good underling to showcase his leadership skills over… Nah. Didn’t feel like it.
   Imagine if Kakashi got the idea that I was good at working with other people. Yuck.

   “Different styles have different benefits,” Asuma said, quelling the discussion with a frown
   before it could go any further. “Sakura, your ability to make plans on the fly and enact them
during combat is impressive, though be aware that many teams prefer a more structured
approach. Shikamaru, your strategy was efficient and well executed, but you need to account
for things you can’t predict or control.” He smiled, softening his stern expression. “On the
whole though, I’m pleased with how you both handled working with unfamiliar teams,
despite the difficulties.”

I leaned back on my hands and projected an air of innocence. What difficulties. No
difficulties. He was imagining things.

“However,” he continued, “While Shikamaru’s team technically completed the mission, I’m
not going to award them the point. The rules said to treat the bunshin as a client; using the
replacement technique to remove it from the midst of an ongoing battle does not qualify.”

It… didn’t? “I saved it though?” I’d also used the move before to get Tazuna to safety. Or
who I thought was Tazuna at the time, even if it later turned out to be Kakashi under henge.

“Clients are delicate,” Kakashi said, speaking up for the first time. Not looking up from his
book, of course, but speaking was a plus. He’d arrived some time during the exercise, and I
think this was the first thing he’d said to us since then. “You have to play nice with them or
they break.”

Well, yeah, but… I didn’t exactly have time to call an uber. Clients should prioritise being
alive over being comfy.

“Hey, Asuma-sensei, what’s the point for?” Naruto asked. “Do we get prizes?”

“Think of it more as an ongoing tally,” Asuma said. “A way to help you keep track of your
rivalry. Like I said though, no point today kids.”

Shikamaru and I shared a look of horror, for once in mutual agreement. Rivalry? Did the
entire village have a fixation on rivals, or was everyone so incapable of forming healthy
friendships that rivalries were all they had left? But more to the point, a rivalry with them?
“Today implies tomorrow,” I said, breaking eye contact with a shudder of distaste.
Agreement. With Shikamaru. Ergh, I felt unclean. “Tomorrow implies doing this again.”

Kakashi clapped his hands together, eye curved up in a smile that was far too happy to be
real. “Maa, Sasuke-kun, if you want to keep working with Team Ten you only need to ask. As
your beloved Sensei I’m always here to arrange these things for you.”

I scowled. I’d probably walked into that one.

Ino crowed something triumphantly in the background and Sakura shot her a pleased grin. I
was happy that they’d apparently made up and everything, but could they please respect that
some people were horrified over here. I opened my mouth to rescue the situation and keep
Team Seven as just Team Seven -

“Troublesome,” Shikamaru complained, and I swallowed my words.
“You know what, Kakashi-sensei,” I said, leaning forward earnestly. “I’d love to work with
Team Ten. Maybe we could teach them fetch.”

The glare Shikamaru shot me was a thing of pure beauty, and the poor bastard didn’t even
know what fetch was. I smirked, tilting it up into a sweet smile just because I could. I even
added an eye-smile. Because I could.

Suffer, Nara.

                                              ___

Interlude: A deer, a boar, and a butterfly walk into a barbeque restaurant

“Sooo,” Ino said leadingly. “Team Seven. Thoughts. Spill.”

“It was nice to see them,” Chouji said. “Can you pass the pork?”

She passed it. “This is not the gossip I was hoping for. Shikamaru. We’re having team talk,
join in.”

“Tch, have team talk with Chouji.”

“Chouji can’t gossip, he doesn’t understand. He just compliments people behind their back.
Shikamaru, I have a need for proper talk. Did you see what Sakura did with her hair? It
looked so foreign.”

“I thought it looked nice,” Chouji said. Ino waved him off and stole one of Shikamaru’s ribs
as punishment for him not joining in.

“Of course it looked nice, she’s beautiful. But where do you think she learned it? What if she
met a mysterious paramour on the c-rank she was talking about and he taught her the ways of
his people from his far off land?”

“Paramour?” Shikamaru repeated, looking vaguely disturbed. “What the hell, woman?
Wave’s not far off.”

“I thought she liked Sasuke?” Chouji added. “Wasn’t that the big thing about you two hating
each other?”

“Oh, hush. We didn’t hate each other. We were love rivals. But we’re not anymore. She said,”
and here Ino leaned in, scowling at Shikamaru until he rolled his eyes and shifted forward in
his seat in the barest attempt at a proper gossip pose, “She thinks Sasuke-kun’s gay. He
doesn’t know yet so you can’t say anything, but she’s pretty sure he’s got a crush on Naruto.
Apparently they’re both oblivious and adorable.”

“Whoop di doo, poor Naruto.”

Chouji wrinkled his nose. “If he doesn’t know, then couldn’t they just be friends? Maybe he’s
really private about it and he doesn’t want us discussing him when he’s not there.”
“Oh come on, Chouji. He’s clearly gay - I was flirting with him all day and he didn’t even
notice. This is the best gossip, stop being so limp just because Sasuke’s your friend.” She
crossed her arms with a huff, then paused as a thought occurred to her. “Wait. When did you
and Sasuke-kun become friends anyway?”

“Chouji fed him,” Shikamaru answered. “Because he was incapable of feeding himself and
instead of learning he just took advantage of Chouji and hasn’t stopped. Like mould.”

“His whole family died,” Chouji protested. “He wasn’t taking advantage, my mum gave me
extra for him. And he’s not mould. Also he shares his snacks as well, mould wouldn't do
that.”

Ino made a noise of triumph, punctuating it with a decisive fist pump. “He gives you
strawberries,” she said, remembering from the academy. “It’s the classic romantic gift!” She
gasped, eyes growing wide with the possibilities. “He’s shy, that’s it - he’s been secretly
confessing to you for years ever since you were kind to him when he needed it most, but he
doesn’t know how to tell you because he’s too naive to realise that his feelings are more than
just friendship. It’s a love story!”

“It’s not,” Shikamaru said with finality. “You’re being troublesome.”

“Besides, I thought he liked Naruto?” Chouji added. He looked somewhat confused, but also
vaguely flattered and doubting in the way of someone with low self esteem learning that
someone else might consider them attractive.

“Only because they’re on a team together. He actively avoided Naruto back at the academy.
Unless - Sakura. My love rival.” Her eyes gained a disturbing glint and Chouji edged away,
though not without taking a chicken skewer as he went. “She’s setting him up with Naruto.
Oooh, we can’t let her win - Chouji! As your teammate and wingwoman I’m rooting for you,
don’t let me down!”

“Um,” Chouji said, sharing a glance with Shikamaru. It wasn’t a very helpful glance, as
Shikamaru had buried his head in his arms and was apparently trying to will himself into a
coma. “That’s very kind of you, but I don’t think I’m, um, gay?”

“A minor obstacle on the road to love! Shikamaru, get off your ass - we need a strategy.”

Shikamaru resolutely didn’t answer. When Ino turned to Chouji instead, he stuffed the whole
chicken skewer in his mouth in one go and smiled helplessly at her.

“Hopeless,” she muttered, and settled into her thinking pose. She’d been competing with
Sakura for Sasuke for ages. She wasn’t about to let a little thing like the game changing stop
her from winning.



Interlude continues: A boar goes home, a deer and a butterfly take the long way round

“You really think Sasuke has a crush on me?”
Shikamaru rolled his eyes. “No.” He’d had to spend a whole day attempting to wrangle
Sasuke into deigning to work with him. Spending the whole evening continuing to talk about
him wasn’t exactly what he’d planned.

“Oh,” Chouji said, and Shikamaru frowned and hastened to amend.

“Not because of you. You know I don’t mean that. Sakura probably thinks he’s gay to explain
why he won’t return her feelings, that’s all.”

Chouji flashed him a quick smile, then hummed in thought. “I don’t think that’s it,” he said.
“She didn’t seem like she still liked him like that. She’s changed a lot since the academy.”

Potentially. Shikamaru had analysed her fighting style enough to know that she was quick-
thinking and straightforward, but still able to be unpredictable when she needed to - though,
he’d known that back at the academy as well. The fact that she was so confident in herself
was new, and he kind of wished Ino had spent more time finding out how Sakura ended up as
team leader rather than wondering where she learnt her hairstyle from. As far as the rest went
with the crushes and the girl talk and the everything, ergh. No. He’d preferred not to pay
attention. He shrugged his acceptance of Chouji’s statement; if Chouji said she didn't like
Sasuke like that, then she probably didn't, but Shikamaru had better things to work out than
why girls did the things girls did.

There was a pause, then Chouji hesitantly offered, “Naruto’s changed too. And. So’s Sasuke.”

Shikamaru pulled a face. “I’m not going to like him, Chouji. I don’t care if you do.”

“I care,” Chouji said. He made what for him counted as a frustrated sound, though it was only
that Shikamaru knew him so well that he could pick it up. “I just think you’d get on with him
if you actually tried. I’m allowed to have more than one friend without them being jealous at
each other all the time.”

“I’m not jealous,” Shikamaru denied. “And that’s not why I don’t like him. He’s a liar. And
he’s not your friend, he even said.”

“Well I’m his,” Chouji said with blunt finality. It was an old argument, and Shikamaru knew
better than to push; Chouji’s unwavering loyalty was something he - usually - appreciated
about him, but of all people to give that loyalty to. “And he’s not a liar. He just doesn’t know
how to say things sometimes. I think Naruto and Sakura are good for him though, I’m glad he
has them.”

“Yeah. Sure. Maybe they’ll turn him into a real person, who knows.” He said it sourly, but…
Sasuke hadn’t been a real person since his family died. Maybe liar wasn’t the right word.
Maybe Shikamaru was being too harsh on him - a clan is a hell of a thing to lose, and he still
remembers his own disbelief when he’d pressed his dad for answers and learnt that it was
Sasuke’s brother who killed them - but when Sasuke came back afterwards, he came back
wrong and Shikamaru was the only damn person to see it.

There was something horribly unsettling about knowing that the guy cautiously attaching
himself to your best friend was putting on an act with everything he did. Watching,
mimicking, making mistakes he shouldn’t have made; Sasuke wasn’t rude and standoffish.
Or, if he was later, then it was something he’d learnt, another layer of his mask. But before he
learnt to hide himself, he was scared. Of the teachers, of the kids, of the village. He held
himself like he was surrounded by enemies. He covered his secrets so well that Shikamaru
couldn’t work out what they were, and the Sasuke that left the academy the day before the
Uchiha died shouldn’t have been able to do that.

He’d mentioned it to Chouji once. Chouji had said, oh, I don’t want him to be scared. You
think he misses his mum? and Shikamaru hadn’t been able to make him see how that
explanation didn’t fit. Even if everyone else just accepted that he was different because of
course he would be, his whole life had changed around him. But it. Didn’t fit.

“Shika?” Chouji said, bringing him out of his thoughts. “Just. Try? He’s a good person. He
used to get mad at people who called me fat.”

“So would anyone with sense, that’s not enough to make him good.” Chouji didn’t let up
though, and Shikamaru huffed unhappily. Fine. Like he said, maybe he was being too harsh.
Sasuke seemed less scared now than he had been before, and the masks had, maybe, relaxed.
Other friends were clearly good for him. Other friends who weren’t Shikamaru’s first.

And if Sasuke was being more honest with his reactions, then his extreme awkwardness
every time Ino flirted with him was objectively hilarious. How she thought he hadn’t noticed
was a mystery. And yes, Shikamaru was fully aware that a better person wouldn’t laugh at
someone else’s misfortune like this, but Sasuke was as much of a shit to him in return and
wouldn’t hesitate to laugh if the roles were reversed. They evened out.

“Shika?”

“Yeah, yeah. I’ll give him a chance. If he blows it, I make no promises.”

                                              ___

Compared to the morning, an afternoon of d-ranks just wasn’t that exciting. Then again, they
weren’t particularly supposed to be, and at least these ones were fairly simple - mostly errand
running. It was good practice for using the tree-walking technique to scale walls and roof
hop, at least, and it was amusing taking shortcuts along the narrowest ledges I could find. The
washing line, potentially, was a bit bold; I’d had to use an arm of chakra to balance myself
against the ground for that one, but I’d still made it to the other side without knocking any of
the pegs off, so. Who was the real winner here?

“Huh,” Naruto said, halfway through a shopping run for a lady who’d broken her leg. “They
replaced the sushi place.”

I slowed, pausing next to him with a frown. “Sushi?” It rung a bell, but I didn’t eat out much.

“The one you didn’t like. You said they had bad fish.”

“Oh.” Old lady Emiko. Emiyo. Ekiyo? She’d insulted Naruto. “The fish was probably fine,
the owner was stupid. She’s not running this one as well, is she?” I wrinkled my nose at that;
it looked like a kaiseki restaurant, one that specialised in multiple small dishes of fancy,
elegantly presented food. It was the sort of cuisine that the clan would have felt at home with
for some of the more formal events that I only vaguely remembered, and I doubted a rumour
about supply problems would be as effective against it if I needed to take it down again.

I hold grudges. It’s a thing. If you want a story with a good main character, find one that
focusses on Naruto.

“No,” Sakura said, coming up next to us with a grimace. “It’s Akimichi again.”

Oh, well, that was a relief. Stop looking unhappy, Sakura. We like Akimichis. The only
downside was that they were probably fair enough to buy the sushi place at a decent price
after it went bust instead of forcing old lady whatever-her-name-was into bankruptcy, but.
Can’t have everything in life.

“They might still sell sushi?” Naruto offered, also picking up her expression. “Or I bet there’s
another sushi place somewhere.”

“No, it’s not that. It’s just… The Akimichi have loads of restaurants.”

I blinked. “Yes? They make good food.”

“Yeah, but. The chefs are Akimichi as well.”

I shared a look with Naruto. He didn’t seem to get it either. “They make good food?” I tried
again, fairly certain I was missing something. Had she liked old lady sushi-face? I get that
she probably hadn’t known beforehand how much of a bad person she was, but surely it was
obvious after she’d literally refused to serve Naruto?

She flicked her gaze back at us, noted our lack of comprehension, and shook her head. “No,
you’re right. They do make good food, and the restaurant’s in a good place. If we deliver
these I think there’s only one more run and we can finish early.”

Saying that, she held up her bag of groceries, then turned and ran along the rooftops in the
direction of the client’s house. Naruto and I hesitated, then fell in behind her.

“Don’t ask me,” I muttered in response to Naruto’s questioning look. “I like Chouji.”

“Yeah, but so does Sakura-chan,” he pointed out. Which was true. She did. Because Chouji
was good people, and by extension so were his clan. But disliking Akimichi hadn’t seemed
like the problem, so… So?

I shook my head. If it came up again I’d press her for answers, but it was just a restaurant.



We did finish early, exactly as Sakura had predicted, and she peeled off to spend the extra
time with her parents. I frowned after her, not sure if this was a normal spend-time-with-
parents or a continuation of her odd mood. She’d been happy to see Ino, hadn’t she? And the
morning exercise had gone well. Maybe I was reading too much into it; it’d been a while
since I’d had family, and even as old-me I’d moved out and only saw mine when I visited.
Expecting her to spend every moment with us when she was the only one on the team still
with parents was probably a bit much.

“We could spar?” Naruto offered, stretching as we cut through one of the parks. I hummed
noncommittally; sparring was fine, I liked sparring, but there were other things to life as well.
“Not spar then,” he said. “We could -”

“Get him!”

My sharingan flared to life automatically even as I tilted my head forward to hide it with my
hair, and I pushed myself in front of Naruto with shuriken already in my hand and ready to
fly. I hadn’t been on guard which was stupid; being in Konoha didn’t stop us being attacked,
whether it was idiots after Naruto for being a jinchuuriki or -

My sharingan picked up enough of the hand seal the little kids were making for me to be able
to predict the rest, and I desperately turned it off and slammed my eyes shut.

“Team Konohamaru style: Sexy no Jutsu!”

“Oh my god,” I said, pressing my hands against my eyes and taking a step back. “Naruto you
fuckwad. Why.”

“Hey boss~” someone, I kid you not, moaned, and I flinched. I couldn’t cover my ears if my
hands were over my eyes. This was not ok. “You haven’t played with us forever boss. Don’t
you like us anymore?”

This was so far beyond not ok.

There was the familiar sound of someone’s fist meeting someone else’s head, then: “Don’t
use that on the bastard, idiots!”

“Why?” another voice asked, low and huskily feminine. I attempted to rectify the ear
situation with my elbows, because I refused to uncover my eyes. The sharingan was activated
by strong emotion and panic, I didn’t trust it. I didn’t like seeing me naked, there was no way
in hell I was risking searing a bunch of toddlers doing sexy jutsu into my brain for the rest of
eternity. “Is he a pervert?”

“That’s the whole point though. It works best on perverts.”

“Yeah, but then why -”

Thwap. “The bastard’s not a pervert! Change back. All of you. And be stealthier! I heard you
coming from ages away!”

I was using my kawarimi sense now to very carefully feel out the ground behind me so I
could keep walking backwards. Frustratingly, I couldn’t actually switch without seeing where
I was switching to, though just then I was willing to give it a shot and to hell with the
consequences.
Why had Naruto taught his stupid technique to a bunch of mini people. I thought it was only
meant to be Konohamaru. Fucking christ did no one in this damn village realise that kids
were kids and not adults with smaller shoe sizes.

A tug on my arm stopped me. “You can look, bastard.”

“Yeah, we’re us again!”

“Sorry for scaring you, neechan!”

I cautiously lowered my arms and unscrewed my eyes, double checking for sharingan before
I fully opened them. The three members of what had to be Konohamaru’s team stared back,
wide eyed and apologetic, and I wondered if I’d missed something while I was backing away.

“He’s not a neechan,” one of the boys said. Udon? That sounded like what I remembered, but
was he really named after noodles? Mind you. Naruto was a ramen topping. Konohamaru,
Udon… Mochi?

“Well he’s not a pervert,” the girl who may or may not be called Mochi pointed out. “And if
the boss is niisan then I want a neechan.”

“That’s not how it works!” Konohamaru, that one had to be Konohamaru. He had the scarf.
“Girls can be perverts too. And anyway, you can’t make him a girl because he acts like one.”

“Naruto,” I hissed between my teeth. “What the hell is happening.”

“Ah, yeah,” he said, scrubbing a hand over the back of his neck. He looked down at
Konohamaru, then straightened into what was almost one of his inspirational poses. “Right!
Bastard, this is Konohamaru, and Udon, and Moegi. Sometimes I play ninja with them. But
only sometimes, when I don’t have important grown up ninja stuff, believe it!” That last bit
was said with a pointed glare that went completely over all three of their heads, because none
of them were actually looking at him.

“Is your name really Bastard?” Moegi asked. Moegi, Mochi, I was close. So was she, and I
forced myself to hold still and not back up another step. I might have got used to parking
Inari with Bull and listening to him explain economics to me with half an ear while I trained,
but I wasn’t actually any better with kids.

“It’s Sasuke,” I said. “Go home.”

“Sasuke-nee,” she repeated consideringly.

“Sasuke-nii,” Konohamaru corrected.

“Please go home,” I tried, because they didn’t seem to have heard the first time.

“Yeah,” Naruto cut in, stepping up next to me with his arms folded. “We can’t play with you
all the time. We’re busy!”
They slumped as one. “But boss,” Konohamaru whined. “You never play with us anymore.
And we learnt the sexy jutsu an’ everything, you said you’d teach us more cool things.”

Naruto wavered, glancing back at me unsurely. He clearly wanted to go with them, and if I
wasn’t there I had no doubt that he would’ve done. I hesitated. I knew what it was like to be a
younger brother who’s aniki never had time for you. I was also, apparently, a pushover.

“I’ll see you later,” I said. I needed to look for pond flowers anyway, there was still an hour
till the shops would be closed. It didn’t seem like the sort of the thing that would be readily in
stock, but at least I could talk to one of the Yamanakas about ordering something. So long as
Ino wasn’t there. If she was, my pond was fine, and I’d find some other way to make it
colourful.

“You’re not staying?” Udon asked as I picked my way between them and started along the
path. I shook my head; Naruto seemed torn, but it would be good for him to spend time with
them, and they were already moving closer to him as I left, clamouring for him to play.

“If Sasuke-nee’s not here, will you teach us the harem no jutsu?”

I turned on my heel. “Gremlins,” I said firmly, channeling Pakkun. “Sit.” It was a wide path.
Not many people came this way through the park. If they didn’t like us blocking it, they
could go somewhere else.

They sat. So did Naruto, and I faltered at their attention. My eyes caught on Moegi, who was
miniscule and apparently wanted to learn a harem technique, and I firmed my resolve and
dropped into a cross-legged position across from them.

Not that a firm resolve gave me any idea how to explain that their social conditioning was
fucked up and their society’s gender imbalance was wrong, but. But. Surely if I just opened
my mouth and winged it, I’d work it out.

“You can’t turn yourself into naked people. It’s not good. You’re tiny.” Not like that. Fuck. If
I opened my mouth again could I salvage it? “So. Don’t do it.” No. No I could not.

They all - including Naruto - scrunched their noses up in protest. If I were a lesser human
being, I would have fled by now. Maybe if I were smarter as well.

“But it’s useful,” Udon said. “It’s a pervert knock-out technique that allows you to win
against a stronger opponent. Why wouldn’t we use it?”

“Because. It. Look, you know why it works against perverts, right?” They shook their heads.
The younger three, that is - thank God that Naruto at least knew what he was doing. To an
extent. He was still twelve. His knowledge though didn’t help me with the others, and my
mind baulked at the idea of giving The Talk to a bunch of proto-people. Didn’t they have
parents? The fuck were their parents doing letting them run around using jutsu like this?

“Ok. Right.” Why. Why. Fuckit. “Is it ok to spy on girls at the onsen?”

“No!” Moegi said immediately, face creasing into a scowl.
“Right! Because even if it doesn’t physically hurt someone, you’ve taken something they
didn’t want to give you, and that’s bad. Because… it means that even when they aren’t in the
bath, they don’t know who’s seen them naked or what people might be thinking when they
look at them. And. It’s dangerous. It makes people think that girls are only there to be naked,
and forget that girls can punch people and run companies and be ninja.”

Shit. This was the least coherent explanation I had ever given in my life. How many times
could you say ‘naked’ before it lost all meaning? If it wouldn’t have undermined my
argument so much, I’d probably have cried at how much I was botching this, but I didn’t
because it was important and even if Konoha didn’t care, I did.

“But it’s a technique,” Konohamaru pointed out, squinting. “We’re not actually naked. Or
girls.” He slid an apologetic glance to Moegi for that last bit, so at least he got a point for
that. Half point. Maybe. Rounded down because I wasn't feeling generous.

“And even if we were,” Naruto picked up, “Loads of girls are sexy or almost naked.”

Anko? Most kunoichi actually tended to be practical rather than revealing if they were in
mission gear, unless they were deliberately going for a style. Not that short shorts or all-mesh
tops couldn't be practical, but the difference was fairly obvious. Or… hell, where had he
learnt sexy no jutsu from in the first place?

“They can choose to be,” I said, fighting to stay on track. “And that’s fine, it’s their choice
and they understand what they’re doing. But if you don’t know why it works on perverts, then
you’re too young to understand. And. If you don’t understand, you can’t choose. So. Don’t do
it.”

There was a pause. God, let that be the end of it. Please.

“So what you’re saying,” Udon said, raising a hand to his chin in a classic thinking pose. “Is
that it’s dangerous to use a technique without knowing what it does. If we want to use sexy
no jutsu, we need to learn how perverts think.”

What. No.

“My sensei’s a pervert,” Konohamaru offered, leaning forward eagerly. “So’s my grandpa,
but sensei has to teach us if we ask him.”

No.

“Yeah!” Moegi cheered, pushing herself to her feet in preparation to go. “And if we know
how it works, we can make it better, and next time we’ll get boss-niisan for sure!”

“You can’t get me with my own technique!” Naruto yelled after her. “And you can’t use it
when the bastard’s around either!”

“Sorry Sasuke-nee, we won’t!”

“Sasuke-nii Moegi, it’s Sasuke-nii.”
I blinked after their retreating backs. That. Had not gone well. That went terribly. Oh god. I
really, really hoped Ebisu handled them better than I did. I leant forward, still sitting cross-
legged, until I could drop my forehead on the path and curse the fact that I was water natured.
Just think, if I was earth like Sakura I could literally get the ground to swallow me.

“Bastard?”

I made a whimpering sound of protest and refused to look up. He paused, then asked, “Is it
all sexy jutsu? Or just when it’s naked?”

“You really want me to answer that after the mess I just made?”

“You didn’t make a mess,” he defended, which was sweet of him but entirely untrue. “I
thought you didn’t mind it though. I mean, if I kept my jimjams on and everything.”

There was a piece of gravel digging into my left eyebrow. I wondered if it would leave a
mark. “I don’t,” I said, feeling suddenly exhausted by the whole thing. And out of place.
Konoha wasn’t where I belonged, and it’s morals were not my morals. It was just. Wrong.
“They’re kids,” I said plaintively into the floor. They were all kids. Naruto was a kid. Canon
Sasuke had been a kid. As far as Konoha should be concerned, I still was.

And, to prove how much of a kid he was, Naruto fidgeted and didn’t seem to know what to
say to that, so went for the most obvious and blatant subject change I’d ever seen.

“Do you want ice cream? We could see if the new restaurant place did ice cream. Or old man
Teuchi might have some. Sometimes Ayame-neechan makes mochi.”

I gave myself another second, then reluctantly pushed myself back into a sitting position.
“Yeah. Ice cream. Sounds great.”



After that, it was another couple of days until I could persuade Naruto that if he left me alone
for an evening I would manage to survive unscathed till the following morning. The fact that
I’d achieved this for, what, five and a half years by myself - plus the half decade I’d spent
living in my own house in a past life where I was actually a whole entire adult - seemed very
minor and insignificant when compared with his burning need for me to know that I didn’t
have to be lonely, but. We got there.

I couldn’t even be as annoyed as I wanted to be, given how earnest he was and how much I
usually appreciated him being there. He’d even tried to rope in Sakura, though thankfully
she’d just raised a questioning eyebrow and taken it in stride when I rolled my eyes and
pulled a face.

It was one night. One night. I didn’t need mother henning, however used I’d got to sharing
my kitchen with Naruto.

“Honestly, Plushie-tan,” I complained. “I know I’ve got issues but I’m not actually made of
paper. What do they think I’m going to do, convince myself I can’t trust them and run away
forever without giving them chance to explain?” I paused, then resumed towelling my hair
dry. “Besides, I haven’t got issues. I have quirks. Every ninja has quirks. They’re under
control. I’m fine. Wow, that’s a lot of static.”

I poked the fluffy mess, frowning dubiously at the mirror. This was why I didn’t usually
towel it, but it was also potentially getting a bit long. A problem for another time though; I
had work to do while I had the house to myself, and I dropped the towel over Plushie-tan
while I changed into my pyjamas and pulled my jacket over them with brisk efficiency. My
mum’s pins were in the jacket pocket, and I stared at the little red flowers for a second before
pulling the most unruly pieces of hair back and fixing them out my face. It wasn’t the neatest,
but. It was practical. That was all.

“I won’t be long,” I said, letting myself out the back door and shifting almost into mission
mode. The window to the study was exactly as I’d left it, and I let myself in silently and
covered it with the screen again before I turned on the light. The precautions probably
weren’t necessary but they felt right, even if it was paranoid to be sneaking around in my
own house.

I was, after all, in the Uchiha district. It was off limits to the rest of the village. Other than
Naruto, I wasn’t sure if anyone else had been here since the funerals.

Still, I went through each of Fugaku’s papers as quickly and methodically as I could,
scanning each one with my sharingan open and memorising it rather than read everything
there. I couldn’t open everything - there were still a couple of seals I didn’t know how to get
past, and taking the back off the drawers didn’t give me much - but I found enough to start
painting a picture.

When the last one was done I put everything back exactly as I’d left it and wiped down the
dust to hide where I had and hadn’t been. A quick search of the room gave me nothing but a
safe, protected by too many seals for me to hope to break into. I left it, dropping soundlessly
out the window and padding round the outside of the house to slip into Itachi’s room, mind
too unsettled to want to go back to the kitchen just yet. Plushie-tan was in the kitchen. So was
Naruto, most nights, even if he wasn't now. Itachi’s room was a quieter place to think.

There were a lot of things to think about. By themselves they were dry, inconsequential
things. Supplier contracts. Housing disputes. Loan repayment schedules. Annual budgets.
Even with the sharingan off my head felt overfull of numbers and legalese, and I sat curled
against the headboard on Itachi’s bed with my eyes shut as I attempted to reshape the mass of
new information into something useful.

Taken together though…

It was unsettling. I’d known that the clan were planning a coup and that Itachi had killed
them for it, but I’d never looked much further into it than that. Itachi was my brother, I loved
him, he loved me; if he’d disagreed with the clan then the clan must’ve been wrong. Yes,
Obito was behind the rumours that we were to blame for the kyuubi attack, and yes, Danzo
was stirring the pot to further his eyeball hoarding ambitions, but. Ultimately. The Uchiha
were bad. Madara, Obito, even canon-Sasuke - the Uchiha were the antagonists in the story.
Except for Itachi. Itachi was good. It was just… the way things were.
But what I read painted a different picture. The dislike we’d faced as a clan was older than
Obito, maybe as old as the founding and the original grudges between us and the Senju that
were made worse when Madara left. The first two Hokages were Senju, after all, and it was
no secret that Tobirama didn’t trust us. Maybe Danzo and the Sandaime had come by their
dislike of us honestly, maybe they’d inherited from him, who knew.

Whatever the reason, we were struggling. Financially, economically; even our famous eyes
were working against us, and we were frequently targeted on missions and had a higher death
rate because of it - particularly after Kakashi unwittingly proved that they could be
transplanted. At least, that was the official explanation Fugaku could find for the fact that the
clan was smaller than it should be, but from the way he was still investigating it I don’t think
he was convinced. Maybe it was Danzo. Maybe someone else wanted our eyes. Maybe it was
just bad luck. If he’d found out by the time he’d died, he hadn’t written it down. I don’t know
if he went to the Hokage for help - with the disappearances, or with the fact that we were
approaching bankruptcy in a village that actively undermined any business ventures we tried
to start. I doubt he’d’ve got it if he did.

Maybe the coup was a power grab. We were still Uchiha, being proud and angry and fighting
too hard for the people we loved was practically in our DNA. But... maybe it was also a last
resort.

I unfolded myself from my hunched position and went to the false-bottomed compartment at
the back of Itachi’s wardrobe. There was a box there, one I’d found a few years ago, filled
with neatly folded ANBU gear. I’d taken one of the sets of gloves to repurpose into arm
protectors, but the rest was still there. White chest plate. Black clothes. Sword.

Stylised weasel mask.

Itachi had been spying on the clan for at least a year before he betrayed us. He would’ve
known everything I was slowly piecing together, and he’d made the decision that we were
wrong. And then he’d killed us for it. Except he hadn’t killed me, because he loved me.

“But what if I was part of it?” I asked the mask. I’d been too young, I hadn’t known - clan
philosophy said the village was jealous of us, taught us to write off any odd behaviour as
people feeling inferior, and people had gone to great lengths to refuse to admit that our lives
were unsustainable. It hadn’t seemed strange to me how much we were set apart.

Would I have joined the coup though, if I did know? Instinctively, I wanted to say no. Of
course not. The coup was bad, and I wasn’t good but I wasn’t treasonous. Much. But on the
other hand, I could see why the clan thought it was the only action.

I tilted the mask to catch the light. ANBU didn’t have names, or faces, or brothers. When he
wore it, he was a tool of the village, loyal to his Hokage above everyone. If I had been part of
the coup… Would he still have saved me? Would he still have loved me, if I disagreed with
him? Or would I have been just another enemy to be cut down and cleaned out? Like my
mum. Our mum. My hand rose of its own volition to the flower pins, and when I noticed I
balled it into a fist and dropped it.
  “Don’t be stupid,” I said. “That’s not how love works. It’s not how masks work.” I put the
  weasel back in its box with unnecessary force, then for added measure tugged out the pins
  and and dropped both of them in too, sliding the whole thing back into its hiding spot and
  closing the wardrobe on it. “The clan’s dead. It’s done. It doesn’t matter anymore.”

  I climbed back out the window and retreated to the kitchen, laying out my futon with agitated
  movements that sent Plushie-tan sprawling on the floor. There was no point trying to work
  out if I’d’ve supported the coup or not. I didn’t. I was seven. And even if I had, Itachi was
  still my brother, he still loved me. He wouldn’t hurt me. That was a fact, you didn’t change
  facts by second guessing them. There was no point.

  I retrieved Plushie-tan and buried myself defensively in my blankets, willing myself to sleep
  with an angry refusal to accept being awake. I didn’t think about Itachi. Or the coup. It was
  stupid. I thought about the massacre instead, holding on to the fact that I survived, and that,
  in a roundabout way, my brother did it all for me.

  Because, the sly thought that I couldn’t quite suppress said, if Konoha was wrong but Itachi
  was also wrong, there’d be nowhere left for me to go.



Chapter End Notes



    Shikamaru: the fuck is he doing now
    Shikamaru: Naruto does your teammate have any idea what stealth means
    Shikamaru: why is he the way he is
    Naruto: ... no, he's actually really good at stealth, he just doesn't follow orders very well.
    It's kinda a thing.
    Naruto: can I go and join him?
    Shikamaru: is Sakura using chainsaws in a friendly spar

    People have been asking for a Team Ten / Shikamaru point of view since, I think,
    chapter three? Ta daa *jazz hands*
                                       Chapter 19: Third arc: VI
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   “You didn’t sleep,” Naruto accused me the next morning.

   “I’m fine,” I said, shrugging him off. He made a sound like an irritated tea kettle and crossed
   his arms.

   “That’s bastard talk for everything’s shit and I need help but I’m too stubborn to admit it.”

   Well, yeah, but he didn't need to call me out on it. Also no it wasn't. It was fine. Ninja were
   meant to be able to run on no sleep, it was a skill. “Sakura,” I said, turning to her in an
   attempt to deflect. “Naruto’s swearing again.”

   “Because I knew I shouldn’t have left you alone last night!”

   “You do look a bit tired, Sasuke-kun,” she said, tilting her head apologetically. I huffed at
   both of them, abandoning my stretches and stalking off to the training field.

   “I don’t need a bedtime,” I said over my shoulder. “I also don’t need a babysitter. Are we
   going to spar or what?”

   “Wonky puppy!” Naruto yelled. Rude. I gave him a two fingered salute and resolved to set
   Pakkun on fire next time I saw him. I then paused, considered that potentially I might not be
   the most well rested and cheerful I'd ever been, and amended my statement. Kakashi, I'd set
   Kakashi on fire next time I saw him.

   The benefit, see, of being an Uchiha and being force-taught the grand fireball jutsu despite
   having a water affinity was that I was very familiar with what things looked like when they
   were burning. Though, was I water back then? That was before the massacre when I was just
   Sasuke-me and hadn’t drowned. Anyway, persuading my chakra to be fire took too long to
   use in battle, but convincing it to be yin took practically no time at all and the more details
   you could add to your illusions, the more convincing they would be.

   In other words: my fire genjutsus were very effective. Add in that time I’d spent
   experimenting with the immolation jutsu to tone it down for a keep-warm jutsu and hadn’t
   quite got it right… Yeah. Very effective.

   Our usual pattern for the morning was to spar early then break apart and focus on less
   intensive training until Kakashi arrived. It gave us a bit of time to recover before going on
   missions, in theory so we could leap into action at a moment’s notice instead of being
   collapsed on the floor after beating the shit out of our teammates - but these were d-ranks. We
   were more concerned with not scaring the clients by showing up sweaty and still bleeding.
   Covered in half an exploded tree. Or, if Naruto had been experimenting with turning his wind
jutsu into an actual attack instead of just a deflective defence, with really bad hair. Really bad
hair. It was already fluffy from being manhandled in a towel last night, this wasn’t fair.

“Fix it,” I said, flopping back on the grass. “I look like Kakashi. Fix.”

“I didn’t know it was going to be that strong,” he said, sitting down next to me and doing
nothing to hide his grin. “You kind of do look like Sensei though. Maybe you should keep it.
It’s out of your face, at least.”

I wrinkled my nose and glared at him.

“Sheesh Hime-chan, calm. I’m fixing. Do you want a brush or a comb?”

“Comb,” I said, holding my hand out imperiously. A small puff of bunshin smoke, and by the
power of the god-mod henge, I had a bright orange comb in my hand. Have I mentioned yet
that I love the god-mod henge? Because I love the god-mod henge.

“I wonder if that’s why Sensei’s hair is like that though,” Sakura said, dropping down
opposite and fiddling with something on her gloves. “Maybe he does it on purpose so it
stands up and stays out the way.”

I made a noise of disagreement. “No amount of backcombing would create that shambles. It
takes years of dedicated neglect to achieve so many split ends. Ow. Or maybe he just got
Naruto to dry his hair in a tornado.”

“Here,” Naruto said, tugging the comb out of my hand. “You’re going to break it.”

“What kind of weak-ass comb did you give me?”

“Your hair, bastard. Stop fidgeting.” I did, reluctantly, though I didn’t untense at first. I
trusted Naruto, I was just not in the mood to have someone that close when I couldn't see
them - even when we shared a futon I tended to sleep facing him and with as much space
between us as possible. Not that as much as possible tended to be a lot given how much he
wriggled, but. It was common sense. I mean, I trusted Itachi more than anyone on the planet,
and he still stabbed me.

It was Naruto though, so I forced myself to relax; he wasn’t the stabby sort. Plus, there was
something universally comforting about having someone else do your hair, and he was
careful not to pull. It was nice, even, and I’d been on edge about the clan since last night;
putting my thoughts aside and concentrating instead on tilting my head while he sorted out
the tangles was something of a relief. Repetitive motions and warm people were good things,
I didn't make the rules.

“Maybe you should tie it up?” Sakura suggested, adjusting something in one of the seals
carved into the leather. “At least until Naruto’s got his wind jutsus under control.” She
clenched her fist and grinned in delight as her knuckle spikes flashed out and retracted in a
sudden, rapid motion.

I hummed, verging on sleepy. “It’s not long enough to -”
“Oh my god you sit around doing each other’s hair?”

I sprung into a startled crouch, sacrificing a tangle in favour of getting a handful of shuriken
out in a defensive formation. Sakura, I noticed, had also reacted, activating the chainsaw
blades on her arms though she hadn’t yet set them spinning.

“Morning, Ino-chan!” Naruto said, waving with an easy grin. He hadn’t even moved. He did
give me a reproachful look before dispelling the comb, but frankly I had more important
things to worry about than a bad hair day. Kakashi’d said we’d be working with Team Ten
more, but I hadn’t thought he meant now. We weren’t even at their training ground.

“Morning,” she returned, giving him a distracted wave back before turning on Sakura. “You
didn’t tell me about the hair. That’s cheating.”

“All’s fair, Ino-pig,” Sakura said smugly, and made a show of flicking her own braid over her
shoulder. Ino’s eyes caught on it curiously before they widened in comprehension, and I cut
in before any more embarrassing bonding moments could come to light.

“Yamanaka. Why are you here.”

“Asuma-sensei said to meet here today,” she said, and started a basic warm up routine like
she had every right to be there. Which she didn’t. No, I had not yet put my shuriken away. “Is
this your training ground? Do you always arrive this early? I thought your sensei was usually
late.”

“Nah, Kakashi-dick-sensei won’t be here for at least a couple of hours,” Naruto said. “We’re
just training. Hey, are Chouji and Shikamaru coming? Are we doing more practice
missions?”

Ino paused mid stretch, looking between the three of us with an expression I couldn’t place.
“They’ll be here later,” she said. “You… always turn up early for extra training? All three of
you?”

“Yes?” Sakura answered, frowning. “We meet at half six, it’s not that early.”

“Half six,” she repeated. “Forehead, let me train with you. I gave you a ribbon, you owe me.”

“What,” I said, confused and still trying to understand her expression. “What? You have a
team. Hands off.”

She made a frustrated sound and put her hands on her hips, scarily close to mimicking one of
Naruto’s inspirational poses except with more pout. “Shikamaru’s a lazy bum and Chouji
does what Shikamaru tells him,” she complained. “Getting either of them to do anything is a
nightmare. Sakura, please. You wouldn’t leave your rival with no one to spar against, that’s
totally an unfair advantage.”

Oh. She was jealous. She’d been the top kunoichi at the academy, hadn’t she? And based on
the practice mission from a few days ago her skills hadn’t slipped, but they hadn’t advanced
much either. I relaxed slightly, happier now I’d worked it out, but when Sakura flicked her
gaze over to the two of us I was torn.

On the one hand, I didn’t want to share. Team Seven were my team, training ground three
was my training ground, and it was annoying enough that our senseis had decided to push our
teams together in the first place. I’d been working on a dark-eyes genjutsu I could drop over
my sharingan to disguise it, but it was impossible to hide all your skills from someone you
trained with, and a large part of me still rebelled at Team Ten knowing what our weaknesses
were. Plus, Ino was loud, and it’d taken me three months just to get used to Naruto and
Sakura. Adding more to the list of people I was expected to care about would be exhausting.

No, hold up. What. No. Training did not equal caring. What the fuck. Tolerate. More people
to tolerate, because I didn’t care - I mean, maybe about Naruto and Sakura, but that was
hardly a fair comparison. I accepted that my teammates were good people, I appreciated Bull
for being big and warm and soft, and I didn't want to set Pakkun on fire even in genjutsu
format. That was it. Because I was independent. Self contained. I put my eyeballs first and
my brother second and other than that I was a free-spirited wanderer who wasn’t tied down
by anything except proximity to a working shower. It wouldn’t bother me in the slightest for
Ino to join us. We could bitch about Shikamaru together. It’d be great. No caring. Just
bitching.

Decision made, I set my jaw and nodded at Sakura. If my nod was a bit more combative than
it might have been, well, screw it. I was a determined and serious individual. It fit my
aesthetic.

She quirked her lips in a smile of amusement and I scowled. For the aesthetic, damnit.

“Yeah, believe it!” Naruto cheered. “We can spar two on two, or three on one, or all four of
us together!”

“Girls against boys,” Sakura suggested. “You’re going down.”

“Yes,” Ino said, eyes bright. “Why are you still sitting down? Come on, don’t keep a lady
waiting!”

“No lady,” I protested. “Casual sexism is still sexism.”

She hesitated, and Sakura rolled her eyes. “He’s got a thing about people treating kunoichi
differently,” she explained. “Just act like men and women are the same, he’ll be fine.”

“They are the same. Gender is bullshit.” As someone who’d been both a girl, a boy, and a
confused-but-probably-girl mix of the two, I felt uniquely qualified to decide this for the
universe. Or, not uniquely; Haku was also allowed a say. Maybe Naruto, given that he
seemed as comfortable in sexy no jutsu as in his normal form, though he'd not used it much
recently.

Which reminded me: “And no more flirting. You’ll make Sakura pick up bad habits again.”

“Any other ground rules?” Ino asked dryly. “I thought Sakura was team captain.”
“Sakura’s rule is you have to listen to what the bastard says,” Naruto recited. “Unless he’s
being an idiot, in which case ignore him and don’t let him run off by himself.”

I frowned in objection, but Sakura just nodded with sage agreement. “Exactly,” she said.
“Boys, up. You get two minutes head start then we’re going to destroy you.”



“C-rank,” Asuma said smugly, leading us to the mission office. I hesitated, flicking a look
back at Kakashi for assurance. We weren’t due another c-rank, I didn’t think? Canon went
straight from Wave to the chunin exams. Didn’t it?

I shook myself out of that mindset. Canon hadn’t predicted working with Team Ten. Hell,
canon hadn’t predicted most of Wave, except in the general sense of Haku and Zabuza are
there, Tazuna builds a bridge. Canon was about as safe to rely on as my vague plan to outrun
Orochimaru in the forest of death.

I really needed to work on that.

Kakashi tilted his head without lifting it from his obligatory orange book, so I assumed he
was agreeing with Asuma. So did Naruto, who practically skipped in his excitement. “C-
rank? Seriously? What, all six of us? It must be a huge mission, believe it!”

“Probably guard duty,” Shikamaru said. “Big teams are usually hired to cover multiple
shifts.”

“Or multiple opponents,” Sakura added. Shikamaru hummed unhappily in disagreement.

“We’re not combat specialists,” he said. “Your team might be, but it doesn’t make sense for
mine.”

Combat specialists? Excuse you? Sakura might be and Naruto's skills had many uses, but I
was a stealth specialist. Stealth, genjutsu, precision weaponry - hell, I was more suited to
undercover work and assassination than combat.

I froze for a beat before I kept walking, putting Itachi’s ANBU mask firmly out of mind.
ANBU might be assassins, but they were also the elite. Kakashi didn’t even want me to be
chunin yet, he wouldn’t be training me for that. And if he was, he’d be disappointed. I wasn’t
that loyal. Not to the Hokage.

I cast about for something else to focus on.

Two genin teams, both stuffed with clan heirs, both needing to be available for the chunin
exams that had to be less than a week away by now. They wouldn’t send us far from the
village. Nor would they send us on a high risk mission; they needed us to impress the other
kage with. That’s what the chunin exams were, after all - a whole load of posturing and
politics, wrapped up in a bread and circuses style entertainment.

Oh. Politics. “Dealing with foreign nin is automatically a c-rank, isn’t it?”
“Clever,” Asuma praised. “All three of you. Shikamaru’s right though Sakura, genin teams
aren’t usually sent into heavy combat. We do at least try to keep you alive until you’re
promoted.”

The joke fell flat, at least to Team Seven, and I scowled and edged a step closer to Kakashi.
He was a cryptic asshole and a mostly absent sensei - at least, these days he was - but he was
our cryptic asshole and I didn’t appreciate other people poking at his insecurities. I doubted
Asuma did it on purpose; the tiny detail of me kawariming directly into the line of Kakashi’s
chidori and almost making him relive one of the worst moments of his life had never made it
to any official reports. Or unofficial ones, unless Kakashi had told Obito at the memorial
stone.

Still though. I didn’t like Asuma. He slipped too easily into a commander role, taking charge
of both teams while Kakashi sloped along behind with his book. He praised too easily - it
wasn’t clever to remember how mission ranks worked. It was basic knowledge. And his rules
were too soft. He shouldn’t let Shikamaru and Chouji be lazy about training, and he shouldn’t
have missed that Ino wanted to do more.

I ignored the fact that Kakashi’s approach to our training was similarly lax and it was more
our own work ethic that made us continue to spar in the mornings. Kakashi was a disaster of
a human being who’d been raised by Pakkun. Asuma looked like a functioning adult. The
standards were different.

I also ignored both the considering look Shikamaru shot at me and the hand Kakashi dropped
on my head to ruffle my hair. Or to attempt to ruffle it, at least.

“Maa, were you running late this morning?” He asked, detangling his fingers from the
windblown mess.

“I’m finally following your teachings,” I shot back, ducking away and trying to flatten down
the fluff. “Next I’ll get a mask and an eyepatch. Maybe start sleeping on Bull so I smell of
dog.”

“You can’t be Sensei, bastard,” Naruto said. “You don’t like porn. It’s his defining feature.”

“The bounty books tend to focus on my sharingan,” Kakashi protested. “I think one of them
claimed I’d copied a thousand jutsu.”

“Icha Icha no Kakashi.”

“So mean to your sensei. So cold. So very uncute.”



In the end, both Shikamaru and I were right - it was guard duty, and it was dealing with
foreign nin. Specifically, the other entrants for the chunin exams, who were being housed at
various strategic points around the village in what I can only assume was dedicated
diplomatic housing. They were chosen to keep the foreigners away from any of the important
workings of the village without being insulting obvious about the fact that we didn’t trust
them not to snoop (the distrust wasn’t insulting, that was a given, but the amount of effort
each side put into the pretending was important), and we were being stationed around each
area to make sure no one strayed where they weren’t meant to.

I’m sorry, no; to represent our village as guides and welcoming presences, showing off the
best of the Will of Fire and making sure our guests were comfortably settled.

But also to make sure they stayed put.

As genin, we were put with Sand, the village that was nominally our ally. Outright enemies
like Lightning and Rock hadn’t sent any teams, and those that the village was more wary of
were being looked after by chunin, but as a show of faith - and a subtle brag about the
superiority of our genins - Sand was left with us.

Given that Sand were preparing to turn around and shiv us all while we were caught in a
giant sleep genjutsu then set a bijuu loose on us, this didn’t seem like the best of plans.

“What the hell am I supposed to do,” I mumbled, leaning back against the wall and allowing
myself a moment of dejected slump. We were spaced out enough that no one else was in
hearing distance, though if I extended my chakra far enough I could feel someone the right
size and shape to be Chouji not too far away.

Also a cat. I looked over, raising an eyebrow at it as it crouched by the base of the wall. A
familiar cat, I noticed, very fluffy, very upholstered, very obviously midway through another
daring escape from the Daimyo’s wife.

“No,” I said, adding water to my chakra for solidity and gently pushing Tora back with it.
“You’re not meant to go in.”

She mewed in sharp protest and took a step to the left, then crouched again.

“No,” I repeated. “You look like Tora but you might be a summon. Or be carrying secret
messages.” Another mew, this one louder, but my chakra was impassable. Well, not really,
but Tora was small and clearly confused by feeling pressure from something she couldn’t see,
so the outcome was the same. She sat down and favoured me with an incredibly unimpressed
stare.

I shrugged unapologetically. “Mission rules. Suck it up, I’m not breaking them.”

She held the stare for another long pause, then blinked, looking away and resettling herself
more comfortably on the floor. Always the plan, of course. Wall? Boring. She never wanted
to go up the wall in the first place. Don’t be ridiculous. Why would she want a wall when
there was a perfectly good floor?

I flashed an amused smirk at her, then turned back to the problem of the invasion. My
amusement died. If Sand were already here, the chunin exams were starting in the next few
days. Orochimaru would enter the Forest of Death as… a Grass nin? Either that or Sound, but
I was pretty sure it was Grass. A day for the written exam, then five days for the forest and
one day for the preliminary matches after that - that was a week. After that, it was a month
break, then Orochimaru switched to impersonating the Kazekage in time for the final
matches. Did they take place over several days? I couldn’t remember. I think they were meant
to, but Gaara released Shukaku during the first round of matches.

And once he did: death, mayhem, exit Hokage and a lot of other people. I didn’t know the
specifics, but Konoha was meant to be in pretty bad shape afterwards.

I chewed my lip. My first priority was not to get sealed. Canon-Sasuke wasn't in the best
place to start with, but it wasn’t until after he got the curse seal that he went completely off
the rails. I couldn’t remember if it messed with people’s heads or just with their chakra, but
either way, no. Did not want.

Not that turning on Konoha really counted as going off the rails, but attacking Naruto?
Disgusting. Boy was majorly out of line.

My second priority was not to get anyone killed fighting Orochimaru. Team Ten were a
difficulty. Without Orochimaru, it would be logical to run the forest together so we could
watch out for each other, and splitting up felt instinctively bad in a way I wanted to shy away
from. They survived fine in canon, but as previously discussed, fuck canon. Sand was
definitely stacking their ‘genin’ teams with chunin or higher level ninja, it was how they were
sneaking them into the village for the invasion. I wouldn’t be surprised if Sound had done the
same, and by Shikamaru’s own admission, Team Ten weren’t as combat orientated as we
were.

Even if I was still a stealth specialist, thank you. Sneak attacks were a valid battle technique.

But if they stayed with us and Orochimaru attacked… But if they weren’t with us, was I
risking Sakura and Naruto by depriving them of backup? And if I somehow did survive the
forest, that looped back to the problem I hadn’t been able to solve last time - Orochimaru
would still be out there. I wouldn’t know when he’d attack or where he’d be, not until the
invasion came round and I could pin him down to being the Kazekage. And how the fuck was
I meant to stop the invasion? I didn’t care about the Sandaime dying, but even I wasn’t harsh
enough to write everyone else off as an unfortunate footnote.

Also, Naruto did care. The Sandaime was a clan-murdering weak-willed Uchiha hater who let
Danzo and the council walk all over him, but Naruto would be sad if he died. If he were in
my position, he’d find a way to save everyone, Hokage included. If he knew I was in my
position, he’d trust me to at least try.

“Come on,” I said, dropping my head forward. “That’s way too much pressure. I can’t - I’m a
genin. The fuck does he expect me to do, pull a mangekyou out my ass?”

Tora prrped in question, stretching towards me with a lazy yawn. “I know,” I said. “It’s
ridiculous.”

I couldn’t stop the invasion. I probably, if I was honest, couldn’t stop Orochimaru. If I let him
seal me, I could gamble that he’d leave the others alive like he did before, but that firstly
wasn’t an option and secondly gambling was for idiots. I was stuck. I couldn’t - I couldn’t do
it. It wasn’t possible. All this knowledge, all these stupid fucking predicitions floating round
my head, and I couldn’t fix a damn thing because I wasn’t - because I didn’t - how the fuck -

Something butted against my knee and I froze, heart racing, chest tight, breath stuck in my
throat. My chakra was gripping onto a nearby branch, vibrating with the tension of holding
still and not kawariming me out of danger.

“Mrowr,” Tora repeated, putting both paws on my leg and stretching up. “Mrow-rr.”

I stared, waiting until the collection of individual hairs I saw resolved itself properly into a
cat, then slowly unclenched my fist from around the shuriken I was holding and reached
down to scratch her behind her ear. “Sorry,” I said. “I didn’t -” I stopped, took a breath, and
forced myself to count it out. “Sorry.”

She purred. I kept stroking mechanically, shifting obligingly to her chin when she tilted her
head until she took her paws off my knee and settled in a neatly tucked ball by my feet.

Ok. Ok. I was calm. I was logic. I apparently had also activated my sharingan, but I could
turn that off and at least solve one problem of the day. I had to come up with a solution
because if I didn’t I was fucked, that was something I couldn't get away from. But. I didn’t
have to fight off an invasion by myself. I could… ask… for help?

I mean, no, I couldn’t. Not without a concrete alibi for how I knew what I knew or a
foolproof way to both leave an anonymous tip and make sure it was taken seriously. The
Sandaime was the only person strong enough to help, but he was low on the list of people I
trusted even before I started sympathising with my clan’s plans to overthrow him. There was
no way I was risking him knowing the tip-off came from me. Jiraiya, maybe, but he was a
spymaster. Also not yet in Konoha, I didn’t think. If I tried to go through Kakashi it’d end up
at the Hokage anyway at some point, and even if Kakashi didn’t rat me out he’d still want to
know what secrets he was meant to be keeping for me. Anonymous was probably my best
bet, but how? I was stealthy, yeah, but -

I stiffened, looking up to the wall. There was a ninja stood on top of it - a genin, I assumed,
because he wasn’t wearing a uniform and he was barely taller than me. Also because his hair
was flaming red and he had a giant gourd on his back. Those seemed like genin things to me.

Why was Gaara here.

“Can I help you, Suna?” I said. It was polite, in the way a customer services manager was
polite, but I wasn’t trying particularly hard to hide that I wasn’t pleased to see him. “If you
were looking for the door, I’d be happy to show you the way.”

In other words, get off the wall, fuckwit. This isn’t your village.

Good to know that my response to people who could crush me without moving was to
passive aggressively antagonise them. Why. Do I do the things I do. What did I do to me to
make me do this to myself.

“What were you afraid of?” he asked instead of answering. “Mother felt your fear.”
At my ankles, Tora hissed. She made no other attempt to move from her curled position
though, and I subtly stepped in front of her.

“Failing,” I said, too on edge to deflect or think of a better answer. “Go back in the
compound. Please.”

He hummed, making no move to obey. “Mother liked your fear,” he said. I felt a pressure
building up, like the air around me was heavy. Not physically, but against my chakra - like
trying to push kawarimi through a solid object, or stretch out my chakra sense when I was
underwater.

I pulled my chakra back inside my skin until the feeling vanished, shifting to a more
defensible position. Tora, I noticed in frustration, had got up to stand beside me, back arched
and ears flat against her skull.

“Your mum sounds like an asshole,” I said sharply. His mum was also a tanuki demon. Kind
of. Not that that excused the assholery. “Go back in the compound.”

He tilted his head. There were grains of sand shifting at his feet. Not many, and I couldn’t see
any more coming out the gourd, but they were there. “You aren’t afraid anymore,” he said,
and he actually sounded disappointed. Also slightly confused. He frowned, and the feeling of
pressure was back against the edges of my chakra.

Tora growled an agitated warning, and I wound my chakra deeper into myself until what I
assumed was Gaara’s chakra couldn’t reach me again. I was wary, and tense, and silently
cursing Gaara for being an argumentative sod and not doing what he was told, but I didn’t yet
see any danger signs. No bloodlust, no Shukaku - he was just posturing.

I opened my mouth to say something no doubt stupid and ill advised, but Chouji chose that
moment to round the corner and interrupt.

“Sasuke? Why’s there so much killing -?”

Gaara shifted his gaze to him, and Chouji faltered mid sentence, eyes wide. Behind me Tora
flattened herself to the floor with a pitiful yowl and Chouji flinched.

“Absolutely not,” I snapped, scooping Tora up and glaring up at Gaara. I marched over to
Chouji and deposited the cat in his arms, physically grabbing them to move them in place
when he didn’t seem to get the hint. “Hold,” I instructed, and turned back to where Gaara was
blinking at me in shock.

“You,” I snarled, pointing aggressively, “Get off the wall. You’re in a foreign village. Act like
it.”

And, I think as much to his own surprise as anyone else’s, he took a step back. The sand
around his feet reared back with him, hovering just in front of his shins as though he wasn’t
sure what to do with it, and my brain caught up with my temper.

Shit. Shit.
This was Gaara pre-Naruto. Traumatised killing machine. Very unhinged. Much death. Bad.

I channelled my sudden panic into anger and scowled, tilting my chin up for a better angle to
stare him down. He didn’t have the monopoly on fucked up childhoods, but you didn’t see
Naruto threatening innocent Choujis with his bijuu, did you. Get your shit together, Sabaku.
You’re leaking confusion all over your expression and frankly it’s embarrassing. Go be
traumatised on your own time.

“... Aa,” he said at length, and dropped off the wall in a swirl of sand. I reached out
automatically to look for him with my chakra sense, but both he and the odd pressure had
gone.

Dear fucking god, I could not believe that worked. Holy shit. Holy shit. Damn.

“Um,” Chouji said, and I spun round so fast I nearly hit him with an elbow.

“Chouji! Akimichi, sorry. You. Startled me.” I shook my head, willing my heart to stop
racing, and tried again. “Thanks for holding the cat.”

“Oh.” He looked down at Tora, as though vaguely bewildered by her, and tried to hand her
back to me. “You’re welcome?” Tora wriggled out of his grip and landed on the floor with a
miffed hiss, fur fluffed up so much she looked like a spherical brown cottonpuff. “I felt the
killing intent and came to see if you needed any help. Who was he?”

“Suna nin,” I said, trying to remember if Gaara had given me his name. I didn’t think he had.
“He’s probably one of the genin competing in the exam.”

Chouji shuddered. “With killing intent like that? I hope not.”

I opened my mouth to respond, then closed it. I… hadn’t felt his killing intent? I’d felt the
weight of his chakra, but I’d assumed he was just pushing it out as a solid presence like I did
for kawarimi and sensing. It was intimidating, sure, but more because of how much he had
rather than how bloodthirsty or angry it was.

I frowned. When Naruto had pulled on the kyuubi back in Wave, Sakura had been shaken.
Badly shaken. Kyuubi’s chakra had felt like fire to me, hot and fierce and bright - but not
malevolent. Not like killing intent. Or, not like I thought killing intent should feel. Had I ever
felt it? I’d thought Sakura was overreacting at the time, but maybe I was underreacting. I
already knew I couldn’t sense chakra. Did that extend to killing intent as well?

That was… disturbing. I’d thought the lack of killing intent meant Gaara wasn’t seriously
threatening us, but apparently he was and I was just not listening. No wonder he’d been
surprised, I doubted many people in Suna would have stood up to him like that. Maybe his
dad, hadn’t the Kazekage subdued his full Ichibi mode before? I couldn’t remember.

I’d taken too long, and Chouji was looking at me worriedly after the extended silence.
"Sasuke? You look thoughtful."
I shook my head. "Sorry. Distracted." Was it only jinchuuriki? Had I been missing other
people's killing intent? It could be a good thing. Killing intent paralysed people, didn't it? Not
being paralysed sounded like a plus. Chouji was still looking worried. I should talk to Chouji.
"I'm fine, he just surprised me. You can go back to your patrol."

"You're sure?" he asked. "What if he comes back? I could let Asuma-sensei know that he was
here, at least."

"It's fine," I repeated more firmly. If Gaara came back, Chouji needed to not be here. Easy.
"You need to cover your part of patrol as well, don't leave a hole in the perimeter."

"If you're happy," he said, though he still seemed dubious about it. “Shout if you need me,
right?”

“Right,” I agreed with no plans to follow through.

“Ok. Um, and, you can call me Chouji if you like,” he said. “I don’t mind.”

I paused, replaying the conversation in my head until I realised where I'd slipped up, then
hesitated. I didn't want to refuse and hurt his feelings, but I called everyone by their
surnames. The only exceptions were Itachi and Team Seven, and I'd originally added Team
Seven to the list under duress. It shouldn't be a big thing - I called people by their first names
in my head, it was easier - except that in a way, it was. I liked Chouji, but I meant what I said
about not having friends, and there was a reason for it. If I didn't have some way of keeping
that distance, I'd forget.

“Thank you,” I settled for saying, and retreated to my spot against the wall, Tora sticking
close enough to be practically under my feet and warbling a low growl as I went.

Chouji smiled, and, with a last look up at the wall, left to go back to his post. I raised an
eyebrow at Tora.

“My bento’s vegetarian today,” I told her. “It’s also mine. Whatever you’re hoping for, you
can’t have it.”

She flicked an ear at me, then settled down for a victorious wash. I rolled my eyes. “Chouji
will have meat. You should've gone with him. I’ll trade him for an onigiri at lunch, if you’re
still here.”



Three boringly uneventful hours later, I pushed myself off the wall with a sudden inhale of
realisation that sent Tora rolling off my lap in an inelegant sprawl.

The Kazekage had subdued Gaara in full Ichibi mode. When he was a kid, his uncle tried to
kill him and Gaara released Shukaku on Suna in retaliation - and the Kazekage defeated him.

The Kazekage who Orochimaru was going to kill and replace. Which therefore meant, the
Kazekage who wasn’t on board with Orochimaru’s plans.
  The Hokage wasn’t my only chance for stopping the invasion; I had an ally, I had information
  that would save his life, and, most importantly, I had someone who didn’t know the truth
  about Itachi and who wouldn’t be suspicious of me because of it. If I could get - Raza? Rasa?
  Rasa - to break off the alliance with Sound the invasion would be derailed before it could
  start. If I could go a step further and turn Rasa against Orochimaru himself - which, the guy
  was going to kill him and wear him like a onesie, it shouldn’t be hard - then maybe I could
  even solve the cursed seal issue at the same time.

  Yes. I had a plan. I dropped a hand down to Tora’s head and rubbed her ear in apology for
  disrupting her nap, and barely stopped myself from laughing in relief.

  I had a plan.

  Yes.



Chapter End Notes



    Asuma: carefully draws out his team without pushing too hard, sets reasonable
    boundaries, explains why he does the things he does, praises them when they get things
    right. Possible flaw: too lenient.
    Sasuke: who is this man. well-adjusted? suspicious.

    And with that, we've reached the chunin exams. As always I'm going to take a minor
    break between arcs so everything's ready for the next stage, so see you all in roughly a
    week!
                       Chapter 20: Chunin exam arc, part one: I
Chapter Notes



      Chunin exam arc, let's go~


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   The chunin exams were four days away. The Kazekage would arrive the day before and
   would be staying on the upper levels of the largest building in the diplomatic compound. He
   would post his own guards within the building, but Konoha would continue patrols around
   the edge of the compound - though they were framed more as ‘general village security’ to
   avoid being too pointed. The day he arrived would be spent being welcomed by the council
   and the Hokage, and the ones following that would be spent in talks to improve inter-village
   relations and renegotiate any contracts and agreements between our villages.

   The Otokage was not invited. Sound had sent two teams, who were staying in a different
   complex. Orochimaru’s location was unknown.

   We patrolled with Team Ten on the first and third day. On the second, we trained with the
   dogs while Kakashi lurked in the trees and attempted to murder us at random intervals. Ino
   joined us for our morning sparring on all three days, Shikamaru and Chouji only on the third.
   We split into pairs that day for individual spars and learnt that, without their admittedly
   flawless teamwork to rely on, Team Ten were no match for Team Seven. When it came down
   to straight one on one fights we flattened them.

   I’m not going to lie, it was incredibly satisfying - but also worrying. Too many of their skills
   were based on complimenting each other’s unique techniques, and it made them vulnerable in
   a way that set my skin crawling. All you’d have to do would be take one member out and the
   rest of the team would be easy pickings, how was I meant to keep them alive with that kind
   of disadvantage?

   “We aren’t easy pickings,” Shikamaru pointed out sourly. “We also haven’t been running
   ANBU drills for the last three months. Your team is insane.”

   “Stop being a baby and just admit that you suck,” I told him. “We’ve been doing standard
   genin training. We’re just better at it than you.”

   The fourth day Naruto and I had as a day off, with strict instructions to replenish any supplies
   that needed topping up, train only enough that we weren’t stiff but not enough to tire us out,
   and not do anything stupid without Sakura to curb our more idiotic ideas. Sakura and Kakashi
   disappeared for, I assumed, some last minute cramming - none of us had forgotten that she
   was the one most likely to be promoted.
Most likely. Wave was where Naruto decided what ninja he wanted to be, but it had taken
him some time to work out how to apply his new resolution. A month of missions and
training later, I dared anyone to look at him and deny that he’d make a good chunin. If they
did, they were probably being biased against his name or his demon, and they deserved to be
stabbed for it.

And on the fourth night, I lied to Naruto about wanting to visit the family shrine by myself so
that he’d sleep in his own apartment, ate an early dinner of leftover oden, and, in complete
defiance of Kakashi’s instructions, prepared to do something stupid.

“Ok, Aniki,” I breathed, pulling out the box of his ANBU uniform. “Let’s hope my stealth is
as good as I’ve been claiming, because I really need this to work.”

I wasn’t taking chances. I wore his clothes under the ANBU armour - not the ones of his that
I’d been borrowing for the past few years, but the ones a size up that I hadn’t yet moved into.
I was lucky that I was short; I was almost the same age as when he’d left, if I’d been any
taller I would already be wearing these day to day and not have them kept back as too-large
spares. With the armour over them the bagginess was barely noticeable, but the more
important thing was that they didn’t smell of me and they didn’t smell of my detergent - I’d
trained too much with the pack to make a basic mistake like that.

Underneath the clothes I’d showered with mission soap rather than my usual shampoo, and
because I didn’t have my headband to keep it out my eyes I’d pulled the front and top
sections of my hair into two twisted buns while it was still wet. It was only half-up, still too
short at the back for anything more, but with my bangs and the signature floof on top of my
head under control, I didn’t look immediately recognisable as me.

I paused. The point was not to look like me. Everyone thought Sasuke was a boy. ANBU
uniforms were unisex, and the buns were a very feminine style of practical.

My mother’s red and gold flower pins were in the box with Itachi’s mask, and the senbon I’d
used to secure my hair could easily work themselves loose.

I clipped them in before I could let myself think on it too much, then used a roll of bandages
to bind down the fabric around my shins and give the illusion of wider hips above them. I
couldn’t do anything about my chest - though, twelve, I wasn’t really meant to have one - but
the straps on the armour were adjustable and by wrapping the ties round higher up my waist,
I could create a passable attempt at a teenager beginning to develop curves. Then - I
shouldn’t. I’d be wearing a mask. My clothes were one thing, I could justify them, but no one
would see my face. I didn’t own makeup, and if my mum had left any, it would be years old
and take too long to find.

It was ridiculous. I was wasting time.

The only ink blocks I had were black, anyway. Even if I used the smallest calligraphy brush
I’d still only get eyeliner out of it, and it wasn’t like changing the shape of my eyes was
going to make a huge difference to anything. Eyeliner, and, if I remixed the ink with a lot
more water, the faintest hint of shadow on my lips. It would look stupid during the day, but in
the moonlight it should be at least vaguely realistic, and when it was done I gave myself the
chance to inspect it in the mirror before I grabbed a face cloth and wiped it off.

Except, I didn’t wipe it off.

I didn’t look like the girl I used to be. Too pale, too angular, still no freckles. With the
makeup subtly changing my eye and lip shapes I didn’t look like my mum either, not like I
had done when I’d tried growing my hair out before. And - I didn’t look like Sasuke. Canon-
Sasuke. The original one. The boy I’d replaced and still felt sometimes like I was only an
impersonation of. I didn't look like him. I looked… like me. I just looked like me.

There was something bigger there, waiting on the edge of my thoughts. I flicked my eyes red
and captured the image of myself in the mirror, then deliberately put it aside.

“Later,” I said, deactivating my sharingan and dragging my eyes away. “There are more
important things.” I strapped Itachi’s tanto to my back - I didn’t know how to use it, but it
was part of the disguise and I felt more comfortable with it than without - and filled the
weapon pouch on my right leg with senbon and an equal mix of shuriken and kunai. I
overused shuriken to a potentially extreme degree, and I’d considered not including them to
distance ANBU-me further from Sasuke-me, but decided against. The lack of them would be
more notable, it was foolish to bring attention to something I was trying to hide. The poisons
though I did leave out as all of mine were from my garden and I couldn’t risk them being
traced.

I pulled on my sandals - no socks - and ran through a few stretches to make sure everything
sat as well as it could. The differences were strange; gloves instead of arm protectors, no high
collar with the front cut out, the armour less restrictive than I’d expected but more restrictive
than I’d like. I’d never seen an ANBU tattoo in real life and didn’t want to copy it wrong, so
I’d left Itachi’s sleeves over my shoulders - they came far enough down my arms that they
met the gloves. Other than my toes, the only bare skin showing was my face.

And, when I lifted the mask and held it in front of my eyes, there wasn't even that.

“ANBU Weasel,” I said, voice low and hushed. I’d already checked the mask with my
sharingan and laboriously decoded as many of the seals as I could. Sealing was a long way
from a skill set I was comfortable with, but I recognised ones to hold the mask on, to distort
voices, avoid restricting vision, muffle the sound of breathing, prevent condensation from my
breath collecting by my nose - most of them were to do with practical things. There were a
couple I couldn’t work out but I was pretty sure they weren’t going to track me or kill me
when I put the mask on. Mostly sure. Unless the ANBU who wrote them had an Uchiha
standing by to tell them how to fool a sharingan, but I thought that was unlikely. Those were
not the sort of secrets we liked to give away.

I grit my teeth. I was dithering. Whether it was the idea of a mask restricting my breathing,
which it wouldn’t but a fear of drowning was hardly rational enough to care about that, or the
association of it being Itachi’s mask that symbolised his loyalty to the Hokage and his
betrayal of the clan - I didn’t know. Probably both.
“Yeah, and they’re both pathetic,” I mumbled, and pressed the mask on in one swift
movement.

I had a moment of panic - it was heavy on my face, what if I’d misread the seals, it pressed
over my mouth how could I do the bubblehead jutsu if something was covering my mouth -
but my frantic inhalation wasn’t blocked in the slightest. There was the faintest smell from
the mask that I couldn’t place, and the feel of it against my skin was cool, almost like the
underside of the pillow in summer. It was … fine. Not fine, because fine usually meant the
opposite - it was good. I stared wide eyed at the mirror and a kunoichi in full ANBU uniform
stared back and it was good.

I swallowed a sudden bubble of laughter. “ANBU Weasel,” I said through a giddy grin. “Your
mission, should you choose to accept it, is to save the Kazekage and stop the war. This is our
most desperate hour. Help me ANBU Weasel, you’re my only hope.”

The eye slits were so small you could barely see my sharingan. A faint hint of red, mostly
hidden in shadow; without the tomoe visible they just looked like red eyes, and those were
far more common than you'd expect. I was set. Costume on, script ready: showtime.

“Wish me luck,” I mumbled to Plushie-tan and the fish, and dropped soundlessly out the
window. I moved through a combination of kawarimi and sprinting that should be almost
impossible for any pursuers to follow, heading for the river that ran through the Uchiha lands
and tracing its path back to the main village rather than risk taking the front gates. Not that I
thought I had pursuers, but given how illegal what I was doing was I couldn't afford to take
any chances. Once I left the relative safety of the clan lands I moved under a henge that
blurred my edges and camouflaged me into the background, abandoning the kawarimi in
favour of keeping my chakra tightly suppressed.

The path I cut through the village was slow and indirect. I avoided anywhere important that I
thought the village might have increased security on, and I left as wide a berth as possible
around the diplomatic areas where genin from the other villages were being housed. The only
one I was interested in was Suna's, and the only reason I was risking approaching it when I
knew it was being patrolled was because the past few days on guard duty had taught me the
patrol routes.

Still though, I was wary as I approached the compound walls. Suna was our ally and the
security reflected it, but we only posted genin during the day - on night shift, these were
chunin. Not jounin or ANBU, as far as I knew, but I couldn't afford to treat them lightly. They
were professionals, and I slowed to a cautious slink as I approached the section I’d staked out
the day before, making sure my camouflage henge was as subtle as I could make it.

The chunin on patrol walked straight under me without noticing.

I paused, vaguely offended.

Unless it was a bluff? I activated my sharingan, scanning the area for genjutsu. There were
none - though there were seals monitoring the wall and, from the look of it, about a metre and
a half of air above it. I couldn’t see what they did, but I imagined they were best avoided.
I stared at the chunin, looking for anything that would give her away as a clone. My
sharingan would have picked up signs of her being an illusion straight away and saw nothing,
but I couldn’t spot any of the tell-tale signs of her being an elemental bunshin either. Her hair
fell like hair, her steps seemed to have the same weight as a person would, and her clothing
moved like separate pieces with layers underneath rather than an outer shell patterned to
mimic an outfit.

The chunin had, as far as I could tell, genuinely walked three metres underneath me without
even looking up to check if I was there.

It took me frigging hours to set this up. I was so damn prepared I’d worn homemade makeup
under the fecking mask. The least the idiot could do was appreciate my damn mastery.
Honestly. Twit.

I mentally shook myself and focussed. The chunin was a chunin, but she was also only a
chunin. She wasn’t the one I’d been worried about fooling, and I couldn’t afford to slip up
because I was annoyed.

Sharingan still active, I picked out the best route over the wall. If I wasn’t worried about
kawarimi I could switch straight past it, but I was nervous of chakra sensors. Particularly
since discovering that I couldn’t feel killing intent, as it meant I was trying to hide from a
sense that was completely alien and unknowable - the fact that I’d never felt anyone else use
kawarimi was no longer the comfort it used to be, because apparently I was chakra-blind and
useless in that department. Chakra-deaf?

Either way.

I waited where I was for long enough that the chunin looped past again on her patrol, and
mentally marked any places over the wall that my sharingan picked up activity. She walked
under me, again, and this time to her credit she did glance up and run her eyes over the
buildings either side. It didn’t do her much good; I was tucked in a corner with a bunch of
pipes that gave an easy cover for my camouflage henge to blend me into.

When she’d gone, I aimed myself at a suitable spot in the Suna compound, double-checked
that none of the seals on the wall reached high enough to detect me, and leapt silently over. I
moved fast when I landed, sticking to areas of foliage and parts of buildings with a lot of
architecture. Heavy shadows were tempting, but a solid shape moving against a solid colour
was easier to spot than a broken up outline against a busy background.

I slowed once I reached the building the Kazekage was staying in. He was on the upper floor,
nominally more secure than the lower - though as ninja were just as happy walking up walls
as they were going through doors, it didn’t mean much. He had his own Suna nin on guard,
and unlike the Konoha chunin they’d know that they were in enemy territory and be much
more vigilant because of it. However good my stealth was, I was still only a genin.

But I did have a trick up my sleeve. Suna was hot and dry, and from what I knew of the
village they favoured building with thick stone that would keep the interiors cool. Konoha
was mild in winter (officially, in reality it was bloody freezing but I was willing to admit that
I was potentially more sensitive to the cold than some) but bordered on tropical in the
summer, and our houses were built to fight the humidity rather than the heat. In the
diplomatic compound, they were also built out of wood. This presented opportunities that, I
hoped, someone from Suna wouldn’t think to be prepared for.

While the Suna nin watched the doors and windows, I crept up the outside until I found a part
where the wood had swollen and warped over time and left a thin, barely visible crack
between the slats that made up the wall. It wasn’t big enough even for a beetle to crawl
through, but kawarimi worked on lines of sight - and with the sharingan, I could see through
to the potted plant on the other side.

I slipped the faintest tendril of chakra through and held my breath.

No one reacted. Maybe they had no sensors. Maybe kawarimi was as subtle as I hoped. I
gripped a drooping leaf tightly enough to tug it free from the stem, and swapped. The leaf
would fall outside, but we were in Konoha. If you got twitchy about every falling leaf - come
on. We lived in a forest.

Inside, I moved straight for the door to the next room. I was in a small antechamber, and from
here I was going in blind because I didn’t actually know the layout of the house. Or where the
Kazekage would be; it was late, but not yet ridiculously so, and if he was anything like the
Sandaime then he could easily still be working. I hoped he was. Waking him up if he was
asleep, or worse interrupting him in a bath was not exactly the best idea for the evening.

I blinked my eyes, fighting the urge to rub them. They were getting dry. I’d spent longer
memorising the patrols than I thought, my chakra was running low. I needed to turn the
sharingan off, but I couldn’t because I also needed to see.

I was in luck though. The first room I tried was empty, but with Uchiha levels of spying
through tiny gaps I found him in the next one. He’d positioned the desk so his back was
against the wall and he had a clear view of both the door and the whole room, and though he
didn’t seem to have noticed me on my side of the door I doubted I’d be able to hide from him
once I was in the room.

Because he was kage and I was genin and holy fuck what the hell was I doing if the village
knew I’d impersonated an ANBU -

Breathe. Zen. Calm. Do not fuck this up for us brain or I swear to god I will end you.

I held the script I’d planned in my head, and prayed that my voice wouldn’t squeak and
refuse to work once I entered the room. There were no potted plants, but on the low chabudai
table to the side there was a small incense burner with an array of unburnt sticks.

Wow. That was not a subtle way to insult your guests. Other than soaps and shampoos, most
ninja avoided artificial scents like the plague - incense burners were reserved almost
exclusively for religious and civilian buildings. Konoha didn’t appear to have gone so far as
to light the sticks, but even putting them out was a bold move that showed precisely how
much power we thought Suna had.
I took a final second to centre myself, then reached for one of the sticks and swapped before I
could lose my nerve. I dropped the henge as I landed and bent into a perfect formal bow, deep
enough to show respect to a visiting kage, shallow enough to remind him that he was in my
village and my loyalty was to the Hokage.

I mean, ANBU Weasel’s loyalty was. Mine… eh. What the Hokage didn’t know would, in a
roundabout way, save his life and his village, so. Close enough.

“Kazekage-sama,” I murmured.

“ANBU,” he returned easily, not even taking a beat to show surprise. If he was surprised.
God I hoped he hadn’t sensed me hovering outside the door.

I straightened, and kept my voice low and impassive. “The Otokage is not a man to trust,” I
started bluntly. “He is an enemy of Konoha and no friend of Suna’s. Hokage-sama does not
wish to see you betrayed.”

I’d worried about how to phrase the message. It needed to come from the Hokage - no one
trusted a rogue ANBU, and letting anything link back to me as Sasuke was too risky to
contemplate. If the Kazekage thought the Hokage already knew about the invasion plans he’d
blame it on the usual spies and espionage without me actually needing to back up how I
found out - and, if he thought the Hokage was deliberately keeping quiet about handling it as
a favour to Sand, he shouldn’t bring it up in conversation or be surprised when the Hokage
acted like he didn’t know. It was, plain and simple, a power play. Konoha was so vastly
superior to Sand that this little invasion? Merely a squabble. It warranted a scolding and a
reminder to behave, and the Hokage would pretend it never happened.

The Hokage was good at pretending things never happened. Ask Danzo.

In the seconds it took the Kazekage to reply, I doubted every step of logic and decided that
I’d chosen the worst possible way to do anything and was going to die. But I’d said it now.
So. Fuck.

“Nor would I,” the Kazekage finally replied, something in his voice I couldn’t place.
Tension? I’d just thrown a hefty accusation at him, even if I hadn’t said it straight out. I was
tense from what I’d accused him of, even if I was doing everything in my power not to show
it.

“He is glad,” I said, sticking to what I'd planned. Is, not will be - the implication being that
the Sandaime already knew what Rasa would say, which in turn implied that Rasa had no
choice and his only course of action was to fall in line. I had the entire contents of my dad's
desk seared into my brain, plus as many of the clan histories as I could find. I didn’t like
politics, but I could do it if I had to. “Konoha does not make a habit of befriending traitors.”

I bowed again, and hoped the threat would hit right. I wanted him to think that Konoha knew
exactly what he was planning to do, but were prepared to overlook it so long as none of the
plans went ahead. I also wanted him to think that if he so much as breathed a word of this to
anyone, Konoha would execute him eighty four times before breakfast. In an ideal scenario
he’d quietly dismantle the invasion and no one in Konoha would ever find out what I’d done.
I also wanted him not to be killed, because he was now my only ally.

I also wanted him not to kill me, because I was attached to being alive.

When I stood up, my eyes went immediately back to where I’d kawarimid in. It was an
awkward angle without turning my head, but I could - just - see the incense stick through the
crack underneath the door. God, my eyes were so dry, I needed to deactivate the sharingan
yesterday.

“And what of Orochimaru?” the Kazekage said suddenly. I paused. “He’s Konoha’s, isn’t he?
A traitor?”

The odd tone was still there, now combined with something that glittered almost like
amusement in his expression. I was on dangerous ground. He’s Konoha’s said He’s your
responsibility and if I agreed I was tacitly promising that the Sandaime would clean up his
mess.

So I didn’t.

“Good night, Kazekage-sama,” I said, and reached for the incense stick.

He dipped his head in a pointedly shallow bow. “Good night, Itachi-san,” he said almost
mockingly as I switched, and I landed on the other side of the door in a stumble with wide
eyes.

Itachi - no. No no no he didn’t, he couldn’t, how? All the ways I’d worried about screwing
up, how could I not have predicted this? What did I do? How did I -

I practically scurried away from the door, barely keeping my head enough to reapply the
camouflage henge and keep my footsteps and thundering heartbeat silent. There was a Suna
nin by the exit I’d been hoping to use, but I was too shaken to find another and I shot past
him in another kawarimi.

Itachi. Itachi. I’d been so careful not to out my brother to the Hokage, now I’d outed him to
an enemy, how in the fuck did I -

But how did he even -

But - how?

There was nothing to connect me to Itachi. I was short. And being a kunoichi. Nothing I said
even related to the Uchiha. He couldn’t see the sharingan, not enough to identify it through
the mask I was wearing, so what - oh.

The mask. Weasel. Itachi meant Weasel. I was ANBU Weasel, all he’d done was call me
Weasel-san, and I’d flipped out.

I was an idiot.
“Holy fucking stupidity, batman,” I breathed, digging my fingers into my arms to ground
myself. I blinked the sharingan off, wincing at how coarse and gritty it felt. I blamed the
Konoha chunin patrolling outside the wall - if she hadn’t taken so long in her round, I
wouldn’t have spent so long waiting to break in and my eyelids wouldn’t now be sandpaper.

Though, wall. Focus. I was still inside the Suna diplomatic compound, squirrelled
instinctively in a high corner under the overhang of the roof. As safe a hiding place as it had
felt when I was panicking, it wasn’t nearly as safe in reality. I sent out a brief chakra scan
then aborted with a silent huff of frustration. Chakra wasn’t safe, sensors were a thing, where
the hell was my head at.

Wouldn’t it be nice if I could manage not to fall apart every time someone mentioned my
brother.

I angled myself back towards the wall, scanning for patrols as well as I could without the
sharingan, and prepared to move. I could just see the river, once I was there it was a fairly
easy route back home -

“Konoha,” a voice said, far too close behind me. “Mother recognised your fear.”

I spun, eyes wide and shuriken already flying, but Gaara blocked them easily with his sand.
More had gathered around my feet, locking them in place, and when I tried to leap away it
gripped tighter and crept up to my knees.

Gaara held his palm out and started curling his fingers into a fist. “Your death will validate
my existence.”

“My death won’t validate shit,” I spat back, and threw my chakra into a kawarimi with the
furthest thing I could reach. I had a split second of horror when I landed to realise that the
sand around my feet had been holding too tightly and I'd brought it with me before I was
reaching again, this time for a leaf floating in the middle of the river.

“Bubblehead no jutsu,” I hissed, blowing frantically over the back of my hand as I sank.
Please work, please work, no the mask is in the way - I ripped the mask off just before the
water rushed in and the feeling of the ice cube crawling up my face was the most amazing
and delightful thing I'd ever felt in my life.

“Ok. Ok. Oh god. Ok. Sand. Off. Off.”

I kicked at it until it drifted away in the current, either too waterlogged or too far from Gaara
to fight back. Then, I just… breathed. I had about ninety seconds. I could see the surface. It
was dark underwater, and cold, and it pressed in on me in a way that should be terrifying, but
I had my bubble. Water was solid to chakra, no one could sense me. I was safe. That fragile
sort of safe that verged on the edge of hysterical sobbing laughter, but still safe.

“Look, Aniki,” I said, turning the mask in my hand so it was facing me. “I’m underwater. I'm
good with rivers now. Go me.”
The weasel face did not seem impressed. Showed what it knew, if this had happened a couple
of months ago I’d have flailed my way into a panic attack and drowned. Again.

Still, one lungful of air wouldn’t last forever, and I only gave myself enough time to be calm
before pushing to the surface. Thank god I’d applied the camouflage henge before
deactivating my sharingan, because my chakra reserves were so drained I doubted I’d be able
to do anything now. I let the bubble dissolve as I reached air again and crawled inelegantly
out onto the bank, wrinkling my nose at the dirt that stuck to my wet clothes.

And at the wet clothes that stuck to me. Disgusting.

“What were you afraid of? Was it failing again?”

No. No. I braced my weight on my hands and slowly lifted my head up. Gaara sat in front of
me, cross-legged on a floating platform of sand with his face in a mildly curious expression.

Disgusting.

“I am not dealing with this,” I said, and ignored him in favour of laboriously pushing myself
first to my knees and then my feet. My mask was still in my hand, but apparently Shukaku
was a fricking chakra bloodhound who could recognise me by my panic attacks, so I didn’t
bother putting it back on.

Oh, yuck, slippy feet in wet sandals and my toes were getting frostbite. Every step was
squelching. I took back everything I said about being good with rivers. Water was horrible
and it could go hang. I could taste ink from where the lip stain had started to run and I hated
it.

“Why are you afraid of failing?” Gaara asked, dropping off his sand platform and walking
beside me. I shot him the filthiest glare I could muster, dripping with river gunk and probably
highlighted by wildly smeared eyeliner.

“Why do you care?” I shot back. “Piss off.” If he was going to kill me, then he was going to
kill me. I could probably manage another kawarimi. Maybe. Stupid chakra-intensive
sharingan. If he wasn’t going to kill me, well, telling him to get lost had worked last time.

It did not work this time.

“You aren’t afraid of me,” he said. He looked honestly confused by it as well. Did he have
killing intent going? Who knew. Not me.

I stopped and turned to him. “Gaara,” I said, slowly and clearly. “In the rudest possible way,
fuck off. It’s late. I’m tired. If you don’t let me go home and sleep I will find what you love
and brutally murder it in front of you. Get.”

His face closed off. “Love is a curse,” he said. “Those who claim to love you will only hurt
you.”

Bed, I whined mentally. I have an exam in the morning, you prick. Fucking trash panda.
Sandman. You’re coarse and irritating and you get everywhere. Out loud, I managed to
condense that down to a belligerent, “So?”

He faltered.

“My uncle loved me,” he said, and I realised I was getting backstory. No. No. Backstory went
to Naruto. I was not qualified to deal with this. I gave him my best bitch face and started
walking very deliberately back to the Uchiha district. He kept pace with me. Of course he
did. “He tried to kill me when I was little. It’s because of him that I wrote this kanji on my
forehead, so that I would remember that the only person I would love is myself.”

“Grand,” I said. “Excellent. Well done. I’m so glad for you.”

He looked unsure, confused (again), and verging on the edge of hurt. I buried a scream of
frustration.

“Things are more complicated than that,” I said, fishing desperately for something to say that
wouldn’t make me feel like I was kicking a puppy. My eyes fell on the mask, and I went with
it. “Like - my brother. He stabbed me. A lot. He also killed my whole family. And me. He
killed me a bit. But he still loves me, it’s just complicated.”

That… was probably not helpful. See, this was exactly why Naruto was meant to deal with
the traumatised people, not me. I sucked at it.

“Look, just forget the love thing, ok? People put a lot of meaning on one word and it’s not
important.”

From the way Gaara frowned at me, I didn't think he believed me. Which was fair, because I
was talking a load of bollocks and didn’t have the faintest idea how to salvage the situation,
so.

Pakkun, help. How the frick do I people.

“What's important instead?”

“Not killing people?” I tried.

His frown shifted from perplexed to stubborn. “Mother wants their blood,” he insisted with
no room for argument. “Their deaths are how I prove I’m alive.”

“Try ice cream, it’s better.” And, moving swiftly past that because not now brain, “You can
still kill people, just don’t kill people I like.”

“Why?”

“Because they’re mine and I’ll fight you for them? Because I said so? I don’t fucking know
Gaara, I’m just trying to go home. Ask someone else.”

He lapsed into silence, and I took it for the break it was. I was screwing this up. He was one
of the important characters, and the connections he made with Naruto were a major turning
point in his life, in the story, in Naruto’s life - hell, the whole future of Wind depended on
him deciding to follow Naruto’s dream and become the Kazekage. I’d probably already
mucked that up by saving Rasa, so. This was just more of the same, really.

Sometimes I got tired of ruining everything. Maybe it was an Uchiha trait, maybe it was just
a me thing. Grew up too far from the pack. Wonky puppy. Flipped wildly between anger and
self pity with occasional breaks for showers and mochi. I had never wanted a nap so strongly
in my life.

“I don’t want to ask someone else,” Gaara said finally, and I made a vaguely miserable noise
of acknowledgement. “You understand love because you've seen what it does. You're afraid
of failing because you know that your existence can be invalidated. And you fight because
that's how you prove you exist. You're like me.”

You are not worth killing, I remembered, and pushed it out of my head. “That’s really not it,”
I said tiredly. “I can see where you’re coming from, but… no. Just. No.”

“Then what is it?” he asked, frustrated.

“I told you. I don’t know.” It clearly wasn’t the answer he wanted, so I relented. “I’m
working on it, ok? Ask me later.”

“When?”

“Later. When I’m not dripping river yuck down the back of my neck.” He was still pouting,
so I huffed in annoyance and pushed at his shoulder. “Go back to your compound, Suna.
You’re not meant to be this side of the wall without a guide.”

“I’m with you,” he said, and raised a hand to rub at where I’d pushed him. Baby. It was
nowhere near hard enough to bruise.

“Yeah, well. I’m a shit guide. I’m also going to bed. Good night.”

“I don’t sleep.”

“I do. Good night.”

And, thank fuck, he hesitated, nodded, and disappeared in a sudden burst of sand because
apparently he was a drama queen and normal exits were beneath him.

I let my shoulders drop and gave in to the urge to press my palms over my aching eyes. I
couldn’t even go to bed yet, I needed to shower and get Itachi’s ANBU gear washed and
dried and safely hidden again. It was a good thing, really, that the exam tomorrow would be
relying on a trick question to pass, because at this rate I’d be lucky to riddle my way through
a Turing test let alone a whole paper of fuckery and ninja hijinks.

“You best appreciate this,” I told the weasel mask I was still holding. “If you hadn’t buggered
off to be a missing nin I wouldn’t have to stay up all night saving your village from an
invasion. I’m stealing your dango for a year as payment and don’t you dare try and stop me.”
Chapter End Notes



    Edit: have just realised that my end chapter notes didn't post. Sorry! I can't remember
    what I put, so have this absolute gem from GhostSquid and empressofcali in the
    comments instead.

    Gaara: I could kill you.
    Sasuke: So could a determined duck, you aren't special.
                       Chapter 21: Chunin exam arc, part one: II
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Much as I wished it didn’t, the morning of the chunin exams arrived precisely on time. I lay
   on my futon, wide awake, and quietly despised the fact that I was a morning person.

   “Life is a never ending gauntlet of pain,” I informed Plushie-tan solemnly. “Shit. I forgot to
   set up the fish feeder for while I’m away.”

   It wasn’t like the lack of sleep was even that much of a problem - I handled night watches
   without (much) complaint, and other than some lingering dry eye and headache from
   overusing the sharingan, I was fine. My chakra was maybe a bit low, though so long as I was
   careful with it and ate a decent breakfast, that should sort itself out.

   Still though. There was a difference between being up late on night watch and being up late
   lying to kages and hiding from jinchuuriki at the bottom of the river. Everything about the
   day called for a mulligan, or at the very least a coffee-adjacent caramel concoction, and the
   strongest thing I had was kombucha. Which was nothing like coffee.

   I drank it anyway, wincing at the clash of the savoury flavour against my toothpaste, then
   followed it up with an entire mango. If the chunin exams went as they had in canon, we’d be
   going straight from the written exam to a five day survival exercise that we wouldn’t be
   given time to prepare for - I deserved a treat. I doubted the Forest of Death had much in the
   way of sweets.

   Kakashi had been frustratingly tight lipped about what we could expect, so I decided against
   bringing a full mission pack. It would help, but the attention it drew wouldn’t, and since I
   was pretty sure the point of the second task was to cope with unexpected camping it may
   even be taken off me. I did however fit as many shuriken, socks, and ration bars in my
   assorted pockets and pouches as I could.

   “Remind me, Plushie-tan. Why did I not become a sealing genius. I could be keeping entire
   wardrobes of clean clothes in my pinky finger. Mountains of mochi. I could have ice cream
   on tap, and then if someone ever stole my weapons pouch again I could just go hah, sucker,
   and drown them in an avalanche of yuzu sorbet.”

   Yuzu sorbet. Get it? Because it’s sharp.

   I may not have got enough sleep last night.

   “I’m glad you appreciate me,” I muttered to the fish. Food timer activated and pellet jar
   refilled, I waved them goodbye and made my way to our usual training ground. We didn’t
   need to gather for the exam for another few hours yet, and Kakashi had, in theory, given us
   the morning off from training - not that he was ever there for our morning spars to begin
with. So really, I could still be in bed recovering from dealing with unexpected Gaaras at one
in the morning, then rock up at the exam hall well rested and ready to face the day in style.

You see now why I hated being a morning person.

“Stretch,” I mumbled, stripping off my jacket and leaving it in a heap on the floor. Stretch
and plan. The last question on the written test should be a trick, but in case it wasn’t, I needed
to take the exam honestly. By which I meant that I needed to cheat, but in the way they
wanted me to cheat. Cheat the answers to the questions. Not cheat the exam structure by
sleeping through it and passing on the foreknowledge that Ibiki lied.

Canon Sasuke had used his sharingan to copy the movements of one of the planted chunin. I
wanted to keep my sharingan secret so I’d rather not, but if it came to it I was pretty sure I
could do the same thing. Also pretty sure it would be easier just to look at someone else’s
paper and read the answers off it - maybe the angle had been wrong for canon Sasuke? I
didn’t think our sharingans would work differently. Would they? Maybe. Mangekyou could
have distinct forms and my chakra was already different from his by being water instead of
fire or lightning. So it could -

I stiffened imperceptibly, hearing the attacker a second before they flew at me. They were
coming from behind, slotting into my blind spot with a textbook ambush attack and I dropped
in an automatic dodge before I’d had chance to think. Duck, deflect, strike - their movements
were weirdly similar to the standard patterns we’d been taught at the academy, and I felt a
twinge of muscle memory urging me into the standard counter steps in response.

I ignored it. Konoha basic was too slow and too focussed on defence; I much preferred the
faster and more vicious style Kakashi - and Pakkun - had taught. I slid out of the attacker’s
hold and aimed a sharp jab at their neck, following it with a palm strike that would’ve broken
their nose if they hadn’t abandoned their stance to block it, then finishing with a kunai
digging painfully into the junction of their armpit and their ribs.

“I yield!” they - he gasped, freezing in place. “I yield, Sasuke-kun.”

I hesitated, but didn’t remove the kunai. I recognised the voice… and, after a second, spotted
the henge. “Iruka?”

He dropped his disguise, the featureless bandana fading into his familiar coarse ponytail. He
grinned ruefully at me, still careful not to move. Armpit wounds were lethal. “How could you
tell?”

“You fight like an academy teacher,” I said, holding my position until I was sure that Iruka
wasn’t another illusion. I withdrew, pocketing the kunai, and frowned at him.

“Ah, do I?” he asked, rubbing the back of his head sheepishly. My eyes narrowed. I
recognised the gesture as one Naruto used when he was trying to deflect. “You don’t fight
much like an academy student, Sasuke-kun.”

“I’m not.” His mouth twitched, as though it wanted to turn down at the corners and he’d
suppressed it. I remembered wondering at the academy if he was expressive because he
worked with children or if he worked with children because he was expressive. Either way it
made no sense - why would he be sad that I fought better? He was a teacher. Dead enemies
meant living allies. He should be happy I fought better.

“No,” he said. “I suppose you aren’t.” He visibly shook himself out of the odd moment and
offered me a more genuine smile. “Sorry for the intrusion, Sasuke-kun. When your sensei
nominated Team Seven I wanted to make sure you were all ready for the exams, that’s all.
Fighting ninja from other villages is dangerous, even if they’re also genin.”

“I know,” I said, no less confused. What would he have done if he thought we weren’t ready?
“You’re not our sensei anymore, though.”

“Guess I’m just slow to realise things!” he laughed, disguising what was clearly a lie with a
joke I didn’t get. “I still think of you as one of my students, you know. Worrying about all of
you is a difficult habit to break.”

I opened my mouth, then closed it again. Squinted. Iruka was… an academy teacher?
Decently well rounded. Never progressed further than chunin. Scary enough to keep a class
of mini-murderers in line, soft enough to consistently be one of the favourite teachers. I’d just
beat him in a taijutsu battle that he had the advantage of surprise on, and I hadn’t even needed
to use my chakra.

“... Thank you?” I said uncertainly. If we were ever on a mission, I was pretty sure I’d end up
the one protecting him. But. The thought was appreciated?

“You’re welcome!” he answered with a cheery grin that I also recognised from Naruto. Did
Iruka act differently outside the academy, or did I just know Naruto better now to see the
similarities? “Good luck in the exams, Sasuke-kun. Remember that it’s better to survive than
to win!”

And with that, he waved, and left. And I. What. What? No it wasn’t. I mean, it was, but
Konoha was meant to teach that the mission took priority. Was he trying to subtly undermine
me? Was this another layer of his test to see if we were ready? But he hadn’t waited for me to
answer. If he wanted me to correct him and reel off the Konoha rhetoric to check that I
believed it, he’d’ve at least given me the chance to speak.

… If he wasn’t a ninja, if we weren’t in Konoha, then would I doubt him? He could be just a
teacher looking out for his kids. A genuine adult concerned about the fact that a bunch of
tinies were being sent to potentially die for the sake of a promotion. Except, we were in
Konoha, and only civilians thought like that. Didn't they? Kakashi had abandoned the
mission in Wave when Zabuza threatened me, but he was known for his weird fixation on
keeping team alive. The fact that it was genuinely a weird personality quirk said enough
about how Konoha usually viewed missions. And lives. Surely.

I stared after where Iruka had left for another moment then bent backwards into a handstand
and started the flexibility routine again. I wasn’t sure, exactly, why the notion of him going
against village teaching to try to keep us safe unsettled me so much, except perhaps that I’d
got comfortable hating Konoha and everything it stood for and Iruka didn’t fit in with the
way I expected things to work. Whatever the reason, I was glad when the other two arrived
and I could abandon both my thoughts and stretches in favour of focussing on them.

“Morning bastard,” Naruto greeted, scanning me suspiciously as he dropped to a relatively
tidy sprawl next to me. I rolled my eyes and shoved at his shoulder.

“I slept fine,” I promised him. It was even true, for the part of the night I wasn’t sneaking
around. “No nightmares, the house didn’t eat me, I’m not a child. Stop fussing.”

He sniffed, but let it go. I considered needling him by pointing out that he didn’t exactly look
super well rested either, except I had a suspicion that he slept better when we were sharing
just as much as I did, and that was a can of worms I didn’t particularly want to open.

“Everyone ready for the exam?” Sakura asked. “Naruto, you have your registration papers?”

He presented them with a flourish, and I lifted a hand to the pocket that mine were in. Sakura
nodded, then brought out a scroll of her own that was too small to be an official document.

“I have something to show you,” she said cautiously.

“Is it what Kakashi was teaching you yesterday?” I asked. She bit her lip and nodded. I
shared a glance with Naruto, both of us confused at her hesitance. “Ok,” I said. “Is it… a
jutsu?”

“Um. Kind of? It, um.” She cut herself off and started again. “I can show you?”

I blinked. “Yes. That’s what you said you were going to do?”

“Ok, um. Right. Promise you won’t be upset?”

“Sakura-chan, what did Sensei do?” Naruto asked, leaning forwards and bouncing his knees
with nervous energy. “Is it bad? Does it hurt? Can we fix it?”

“No, it’s - here.” She unrolled the scroll, lifting her thumb to her mouth and biting it until it
bled, then smeared a red thumbprint over the back of the scroll. It sank in with no trace, there
was a faint puff of smoke and -

“Pakkun?”

“Boy,” the little dog said in an offended, high pitched yip, “Do I look like Pakkun?”

Naruto and I stared in stunned silence. The dog, which was fluffy, white, and other than the
size looked about as far from Pakkun as it was possible to look, regarded us with a tilted
head, then sniffed and flicked her curly tail at us.

“They’re not very bright, are they. Did you know that one of them’s a cat?”

“They’re just surprised,” Sakura defended. “Sasuke-kun, Naruto, this is Tsukiko. Tsuki-chan,
these are my teammates, Sasuke-kun and Naruto.”
“Cat boy,” Tsuki said, looking at me, then at Naruto: “Fox boy.” He stiffened, but Tsuki
moved on without giving anyone time to pay attention to his reaction. “Bitch, you said you
had a pack.”

“Hey, don’t call Sakura-chan a bitch!”

“It’s fine, Naruto,” Sakura said. “It’s just dog girl. It’s the same as Pakkun calling us
puppies.”

“He does?” Tsuki squinted at us, then nodded. “I can see it. Kitten, I don’t know what baby
foxes are called so I guess you can be Puppy, and Bitch is still Bitch because obviously she’s
the best.”

“Obviously,” I repeated faintly. Tsuki was a dog. That Sakura had summoned. A nin dog. She
talked. Sakura had summoned a talking - slugs. She. Slugs? Oh no. No no oh no.

“Kakashi-sensei asked me to sign his contract yesterday,” Sakura said. “Tsuki-chan can’t
fight, but she’s a good tracker and she can take messages to Pakkun if we need her to.”

“I can totally fight,” Tsuki complained. She danced on the spot, layers of white fur bouncing
with each step. “Fight me Kitten, I need to show Bitch I can beat you.”

“Tsuki-chan, we have names,” Sakura scolded gently. “I don’t call you Bitch-chan.”

Tsuki considered. I used the pause to try and phrase an apology to Tsunade for allowing her
apprentice to get stolen by dogs. It wasn’t going well.

“Fight me Kitten, I need to show Sakura-bitch I can beat you.”

“You’re not mad?” Sakura asked, switching her attention back to us.

Naruto wrinkled his nose. “Why would we be mad? She’s cute.”

“I’m beautiful,” Tsuki agreed, abandoning me and my complete lack of interest in sparring
with her. “You can stroke me if you want. I’m very soft.”

Get a grip, I told myself firmly. I was making Sakura feel guilty. “Summon contracts are
important,” I told Naruto. “If they’re clan summons, they stay in the clan. Some summons
aren’t clan based and their contracts tend to go teacher to apprentice, but the dogs have been
Hatake for… I don’t know. Dogs have always been Hatake. Kakashi passing on the contract
to Sakura is a big thing.” Was there a boss dog summons that evaluated Hatake kids in the
way the boss cat summons evaluated Uchiha? Curiosity made me want to know what had
happened yesterday when Sakura got the contract, but I knew better than to ask. As easy
going as Pakkun was, summons were not for outsiders to mess with.

“So Kakashi-sensei… adopted you?” Naruto asked, trying to work it out. “I thought you
already had a family?”

“Sensei’s not my dad,” Sakura said, making a face. “And I’m not clan. I’m civilian, just with
a summoning contract. It doesn’t actually make me a Hatake.” She hesitated, then added,
“Right?”

They both turned to me, as the only clan kid on the team. Well, the only one they knew about,
since I was pretty sure the Uzumaki were a clan. If they had a summons though I didn’t know
about it. Not that it would make a difference to Naruto; having a clan summons didn’t stop
you signing a contract with someone else - just look at Itachi and his crows, or canon Sasuke
and his snakes. And hawks. If he had two summons, maybe Sakura could have dogs and
slugs in the future if she wanted?

I shook myself out of that train of thought. Ignore the slugs. They weren’t important at the
moment.

“It would to some people,” I said, disagreeing with Sakura’s statement. “Anyone who knows
the Hatake will see Tsuki and assume you’re part of the clan. Even people who know you’re
Haruno will still see your enemies as clan enemies and your allies as clan allies. It’s not
family because it’s clan, but it’s. Kind of family? You support each other. And. Things.”

“Yeah, but,” Naruto said. “Don’t we do that anyway?”

I shook my head, trying to work out how to describe it. “It’s clan,” I repeated unhelpfully.
“It’s less what you do and more… how people see you? When it’s just you, you could hate
each other, but when there’s anyone else there you have to be a united front. If the clan says
something or votes one way or declares someone a friend, then it comes from the whole
clan.” Alternatively, if the clan turns on the village and plots a coup, the whole clan must die.
All or nothing. Clans don’t compromise.

“Clan sounds stupid,” Tsuki said, baring her teeth in an exagerated yawn. I bristled, and she
let her tongue loll out in what I assumed was a doggy laugh. “Don’t listen to Kitten, cats
always make things complicated. There’s pack, and there’s not-pack. If you’re pack you
matter. Even if you’re a cat and a fox. If you’re not pack, who cares.”

“Team matters,” Naruto said, pointing at Tsuki and then at us. “Team is pack. We were doing
it anyway.”

Clan wasn’t stupid, but I also wasn’t the right person to explain it. I put it aside. “Team is
pack,” I agreed, because that at least was a solid and easy thing to hold on to. And then I shot
a smirk and Tsuki and added, “Even if it’s a cat, a fox, a bitch, and a pompom.”

“If you had a tail I’d catch it,” she promised, putting both her paws on my knees to raise
herself threateningly to my eye level.

“Please don’t call me a bitch, Sasuke-kun,” Sakura said, though she seemed more distracted
than annoyed. I still ducked my head in apology, then shot a glare at Tsuki for her victorious
tail wag.

“You both don’t mind?” Sakura pressed, looking between us. “That Sensei asked me to sign
the contract and not you?”
“No,” I said honestly. I minded that I’d stolen a key part of Sakura’s identity from her by
changing canon enough that she might never be a slug summoner, but I didn’t mind that
Kakashi had chosen her for the dogs. She was team leader, she was clanless, and even if
Tsuki was a long way off having Bull at your back or Urushi and Uhei circling round your
flanks, I couldn’t deny that it was comforting to have her with us.

Naruto though was much more straightforward, and he leant in with a beaming, excited grin.
“It’s awesome, Sakura-chan! Just wait, when it’s my turn to get us a contract I’ll get the best
summons ever and then Team Seven will have dogs and - and dragons and be unbeatable,
believe it!”

“I am the best summons ever. Look how fluffy I am, you think anyone else has fur like me?”

I amended my previous statement. If Sakura followed in Kakashi’s footsteps then she’d
presumably collect other dogs for her pack, and they’d be comforting to have with us.

“I’m glad,” Sakura said through a relieved, if shaky, smile. “I was worried you’d think - I
mean, I know I’m the leader but that doesn’t mean -” She abandoned what she was saying
and blinked, and I noticed with horror that her eyes were suspiciously wet and shiny.

“Don’t cry,” I blurted. “We’re your team. You don’t need to worry. Why are you doing this.
Stop.”

She huffed a beat of laughter, and when she smiled again it was thankfully more steady.
“Don’t ever change, Sasuke-kun,” she said. “And thank you. Both of you. For being ok with
it.”

“Of course we’re ok with it,” Naruto said, earnestly, almost shifting to a sitting down version
of one of his inspirational poses. “We’re your team and you’re our team, Sakura-chan. Even
if you’re a chunin and we’re not, or if you’re a Hatake and we’re not, or if, if anything. We’re
bananas, remember? No one’s going to change that.”

Oh, god. I’d forgotten the bananas. Why.

In the face of his sincerity though, Sakura’s smile threatened to turn wobbly again. “I know,”
she assured him. “And I’m not a Hatake, I’m still me. Um, still Haruno. I just... ” Her gaze
flicked hesitantly between us then landed on Tsuki, and I thought for a moment she wasn’t
going to finish. “I don’t want to be the sort of team captain that’s separate,” she confessed in
a rush. “I still want to be Team Seven. With you. I don’t want to be better.”

Right up until that last statement, Naruto looked ready to leap in with assurances, but at I
don’t want to be better he faltered. I thought I understood though, at least in part - Sakura had
downplayed her intelligence at the academy, and I had my own memories of how unpopular
it could make you to show everyone else up, but that wasn’t really it. It was more that when I
messed up in Wave, she was put on the spot to decide what happened. When we mixed up
teams training with Team Ten, it was always Shikamaru and Naruto and me against Sakura
and Ino and Chouji. She was the one given a summoning contract, she was the one expected
to be promoted.
It wasn’t quite the same as being left behind while your two teammates advanced without
you, but there was a divide being forced between her and us, and the end result wasn’t that
different.

I wrinkled my nose. “Your hair is ridiculously pretty,” I told her. She seemed taken aback.
“Also you are emotionally competent in a way that’s frankly unfair. And I have never once
seen you drop noodles down your front when you eat ramen. How dare you.”

“Thank you?” she said unsurely.

“So,” I continued doggedly. “You’re already better. And we haven’t got rid of you yet. So.
Stop thinking we will. Because we won’t. Because team.”

“Team is pack?” Tsuki clarified.

“Team is pack,” Naruto repeated with a decisive emphasis. “And when you win Sakura-chan,
we’ll still be pack, except we’ll be pack that’s cheering for you.”

“Ok,” she said quietly, then again, stronger. “Ok. Team is pack. Bananas. I can do that.” She
nodded, her face settling into a much more determined sort of calm. “Chunin exams. Ok.
Let’s go.”



Sakura dismissed Tsuki before we arrived at the building the exams were held in. She was
small, but even with Sakura’s excellent control it still cost chakra to keep a summon in our
world and right before an exam wasn’t the best time to run out. Plus, Tsuki was an ace up our
sleeve that we didn’t want the other teams - even the other Konoha teams - to necessarily
know about.

“I’ll get better,” she assured us. “Kakashi-sensei said the more I summon her the easier it
gets. And she’ll need to train with us. She’s never been a nin dog before.”

“We can teach her!” Naruto said happily. “She’s basically a puppy, right? She can call me
Naruto-nii like Konohamaru. It’ll be great, believe it!”

“She calls you Puppy,” I reminded him. Her brash confidence did seem a bit young though,
which I guessed made sense; if Kakashi was hoping for Sakura to build her own pack, then
one that grew and learned with her would be a good choice.

“Who’s Konohamaru?” Sakura asked. “I didn’t know you had a brother.”

“He’s my rival! He’s the Hokage’s grandson, he’s going to challenge me for the position of
Hokage when we’re older. I’m training his team to be awesome like we are!”

“He’s an academy student,” I added for Sakura’s benefit. We’d run into him once more since
the disastrous meeting in the park; he’d been disguised as a particularly square looking rock,
and been convinced that my attempts to avoid acknowledging him were due entirely to his
overwhelmingly convincing genjutsu skills. The fact that Naruto had no hesitance in calling
him out despite this was only further proof, in his mind, that Boss-nii was a ninja of
unparalleled skill and distinction, and he’d pestered us for the next half an hour for a new
cool jutsu to pass onto Udon and Moegi. Being shown how to throw kunai apparently didn't
count as either new or cool, which I was actually a bit miffed about. When I was little I loved
learning how to throw things from my big brother. Honestly. Kids these days, all flash, no
respect for the arts.

“... He’s a bit of an idiot,” I added on reflection. At least sexy no jutsu hadn’t come up. I was
too much of a coward to ask, Konohamaru didn’t offer, but he also didn’t try to use it at any
point so. Win?

“Someone nearly kidnapped him yesterday,” Naruto said, hands behind his head and
grinning.

I frowned, tilting my head cautiously. It didn’t sound like the gremlin child was still in
danger. “What happened?”

“I stopped them, of course! It was weird though. They kept going on about how dangerous it
was to be a ninja and how I should give up, so I rescued Konohamaru and beat them up and
told them I’d never give up while people needed me, believe it!”

“And then they vanished?” Sakura asked, sounding unsure. “Were they wearing a bandana?
Because someone tried to attack me as well. I broke the tree they were hiding in and when it
fell down they were gone.”

I groaned, relaxing out of my wary tension and reaching up to press my palms against my
eyes. “Iruka,” I said. “He attacked me as well this morning.”

“What? No - why would he attack us?”

I moved my hands off my eyes and ran them through my hair instead. “He was checking to
see if we were ready for the exams, he said.”

“Oh,” Sakura said, her frown smoothing out into a smile. “That was nice of him.”

I blinked. What. Someone attacks her, she drops a tree on them, and then she just smiles and
calls it nice? Even after Iruka’d explained what he was doing I wasn’t sure if I’d understood
or was meant to be looking for a deeper meaning. How did Sakura just accept it?

“Iruka-nii’s the best,” Naruto agreed easily. I redirected my skeptical blink to him.
Unfortunately, he was too busy looking forward and grinning to notice.

… If both my teammates thought it was that straightforward then maybe it was? I mean. If
anyone in Konoha was going to be a decent adult it made sense that it would be Iruka, but.
He was part of the academy. He was the one who taught us to be the child soldiers we were.
He was nice, and important to Naruto, but he still believed in and passed on a system that
sent kids to fight - and die - for their village.

And… he disagreed with the jounin senseis nominating us for chunin too early, and had taken
the time to personally check that we were all ready for the exam because he was worried for
us. He told me my life was more important, even though Konoha taught - his lessons taught -
that the mission came first.

It felt like it should lead to something. Some revelation. It didn’t, because I didn’t want it to,
and because even if it did I had too much other stuff going on in my life to pay attention to it,
so I pushed the thought aside and focussed instead on the wildly impractical concept of:
Should I be hengeing myself into bandana bandits and randomly attacking people to show I
cared? I didn’t think Chouji would appreciate it, even if the ambush training would be good
for him in the long run.

Speaking of Chouji though, Team Ten were waiting for us outside the exam hall.

“Forehead,” Ino greeted Sakura with a particularly smug smile that made Sakura raise a wary
eyebrow. “Naruto. And Sasuke-kun!” The smugness morphed into something wide and
knowing and I took an instinctive step back. “What’s this I hear about you rescuing Chouji
from an angry Suna nin, hm?”

“What?” Naruto yelped.

“Oh he did,” Ino gushed, clearly in her element. I glanced uneasily at Chouji and stayed in a
quasi-defensive position, but Chouji just waved sheepishly and offered a helpless shrug.
“Stepped right between them and stared down the enemy, exactly like the cool guy hero
should.”

“Did he now,” Sakura said tightly. I shifted slightly so my defensive position was aimed at
her. “He somehow forgot to mention he’d been attacked.”

“It was while we were guarding the Suna compound,” I protested. “And I wasn’t attacked.
The other guy was a genin, I just asked him to get off the wall and he did.”

“There was a lot of killing intent,” Chouji said. I shot him a betrayed look.

“And you know the best part?” Ino continued gleefully. “He was all calm and unbothered,
then the Suna nin threatened Chouji and bam! Sasuke-kun’s protective instincts activated!”

“‘Calm and unbothered’,” Naruto repeated. “Have you met the bastard?”

Rude. I have zen. I have to fight for it, but I have zen. I do not have protective instincts
though, that’s a slanderous lie.

“It was so romantic,” Ino finished, completely ignoring Naruto in favour of slinging an arm
around Chouji’s shoulders and sighing dreamily in my general direction.

I could feel stone creeping in to my expression and clamped down on my chakra. I was trying
to keep my sharingan hidden. Ino was not a credible enough threat to expose it.

“Ah, that’s not quite how it went,” Chouji said, ducking his head apologetically. I shot him a
grateful look, then retracted it a second later as he added, “There was a cat, I think he was
saving the cat as much as me.”
“So romantic, Sasuke-kun.”

“Oh, a cat?” Sakura said with forced calm. I wish I knew why she was so tense. I knew why I
was so tense, but I thought she and Ino had got past their weird rivalry over me. Sakura had
dropped her fixation after being on the same team as me for a few weeks, and Ino hadn’t
flirted since that first training mission we did together. “The cat explains everything,” Sakura
continued, smiling sweetly at Ino the way she did when she had the upper hand in a spar.
Naruto made an aborted retreat? signal with his hands and I tried to edge away, but she spoke
before I could. “Right, Kitten?”

I froze. She froze. Naruto froze. Ino choked. Even Shikamaru stopped trying to pretend he
didn’t know us long enough to double take.

Weird names inside the team were one thing. Tsuki was a dog, I honestly couldn’t care less
what she called me. But how the fuck was anyone meant to take me seriously if my nickname
was Kitten.

Actually. You know what? How the fuck was anyone meant to take me seriously if I was so
obviously uncomfortable every time someone flirted with me but never did anything about it.
Ah yes, that Uchiha Sasuke character, defected from the village so he could infiltrate a
terrorist organisation and take it down from the inside, what a champ. Terrified of a girl he
knew who had a crush on him. Thoroughly intimidating.

Also. I was very subtle when I wanted to be, but I had never in my life hidden that I didn’t
like people liking me. Ino maybe was wilfully blind but Sakura wasn’t, which meant she
knew I didn’t like it and did it anyway. Hell, Ino can’t exactly have missed that I never
reciprocated, and she did it anyway too. Probably more as a way to express their rivalry with
each other than out of any particular desire to date me. How Chouji got roped into it, I didn’t
know, but Sakura at least I’d expected better from.

“Right,” I agreed, as mildly as I could. She was pale, eyes wide and locked on mine. “You
know me and cats. Hate water, hate dogs, eat fish, we're exactly the same. Have fun with the
pack, Sakura-bitch.” She flinched, but I kept smiling at her. Best eye smile. Tilted head, very
cute. What was it? Adorably innocent, I think they’d decided I was. “Coming, Naruto?”

And I walked past them, looking forwards and completely unbothered by their reactions. I
heard Naruto take a step and then hesitate, and I frowned. Yes, Sakura was the team leader,
but I was annoyed. That took precedence. “Naruto,” I repeated sharply, reaching back with
my chakra and tugging on his jacket. He mumbled something to Sakura that I didn’t catch,
then trotted up after me.

“That was a bit harsh, bastard,” he said in a low voice. I didn’t look back and I didn’t stop
walking, but I did pull a face.

“I thought we were using the names Tsuki gave us,” I defended.

“No you didn’t. You’d’ve called me Puppy if you did, and you wouldn’t have threatened to
leave her after she just told us it was what she was afraid of. You did it because you were
angry at her.”
I did look at him this time, shooting him a glare and getting a supremely unimpressed look in
return. “Who died and made you emotionally mature,” I muttered. He crossed his arms and
continued waiting me out. “Fine,” I relented. “I don’t like it when people are romantic at me
and she shouldn’t have called me Kitten. Happy?”

“No. You need to apologise to her.”

“She needs to apologise to me!”

“That too,” he agreed, and I paused, thrown. “I’m not saying she was right,” he continued.
“I’m saying you can’t react to everything by getting angry. It doesn’t help.”

“It got me this far in life, didn’t it?” He frowned at me and I rolled my eyes to disguise my
instinctive back-tracking. “Fine, sorry, not the time. I’ll apologise to her, ok?” Just stop being
disappointed in me, fuck. That was an entirely unfair expression to direct at someone who
was nominally the same age and actually a lot older than you.

Not that I felt a whole lot older. She’d known as soon as she said it that she misstepped, if I
was really the adult I claimed to be I wouldn’t have needed to drive the point home like I had.
Hell, if I was really the friend I claimed to be, I wouldn’t have done it. I could’ve asked her to
stop in any number of ways, but instead I’d deliberately chosen the option that targeted her
insecurities, and I’d done it in a way that still, somehow, hadn’t actually asked her to stop.

My mouth twisted down and I looked away. Great, now both Naruto and I were disappointed
in me. And I was still hurt that Sakura was slipping back into competitive flirting as part of
whatever she was doing with Ino. If that was even competitive flirting. What an excellent
start to the exams.

I glanced back over my shoulder unhappily. Sakura was with Team Ten, trailing after us. She
looked as miserable as I felt, and Ino hovered next to her uncertainly, clearly wanting to give
comfort but unsure how it would be received. Chouji was on her other side, angled towards
her and trying to offer her a chip, but Shikamaru was standing apart.

He looked up and caught my eye, and I ducked my head away from his too-sharp
intelligence. Why, I wanted to know, was I so quick to get angry and fuck things up if I hated
the aftermath so much? You’d’ve thought I’d learn at some point that it was better not to
open my mouth.

“Hey,” Naruto said, bumping his shoulder against mine. “She’s not going to be mad at you.”

“I called her a bitch,” I said. “She even asked me not to call her a bitch less than an hour
ago.”

“Yeah, but you didn’t stab her or anything. It’s fine. She’s upset about hurting you and you’re
upset about hurting her, so you say sorry and forgive each other and then life is good again.
It’s how it works.”

It’s really not, I thought. It sounded like something he’d been taught, maybe one of Iruka’s
lessons. The non-killing people lessons. Easy, simple, the way the world should work and the
way you teach it to little kids, but in reality words are messy and poisonous and do more
damage than kunai if you aim them right.

Not that have fun with the pack, Sakura-bitch was quite on that level. I hoped. It was more
that I’d never been angry like that at her before, and I wasn’t meant to be the sort of person
that hurt people I was meant to protect. That was canon Sasuke’s game.

… I shouldn’t be bringing him into this. I was the one who lost my temper, and now I was the
one blowing a childish insult out of all proportion. Fuck’s sake, Uchiha. Get a damn grip.

I felt a tug, freezing me in place for a second and I tensed, looking back warily. It was
Shikamaru - I saw his shadow retreating from where he’d used it to get my attention. Talk to
them, he mouthed, jerking his head at Ino and Sakura. He’d moved up to stand next to them,
and I guessed he must’ve said something because now they both looked vaguely miserable
and guilty.

I scowled. Piss off, I mouthed back. He returned my scowl with an annoyed tch and dropped
back into a slouched position behind them, everything about him radiating how troublesome
the whole situation was.

Ass.

“Bastard,” Naruto warned, jabbing me with his elbow.

I transferred the scowl to him, and, because he was in hearing range: “Ass.” But I also
hunched my shoulders and tapped a call signal against my thigh until I had Sakura’s
attention.

Mission failure, I signed, because I didn’t know the exact hand signals for I fucked up. She
shook her head and I repeated it more forcefully, tacking on Require backup when I was
done.

She bit her lip, said something to Ino, and came up to join us. “I’m sorry,” she said, almost
before she was in earshot. “I should’ve realised we were making you unhappy.”

“I shouldn’t’ve got angry,” I returned, uncomfortable but also unwilling to let her stay guilty.
I tried to crack a smile and ended up with a lopsided smirk. “There are worse things to be
than kittens. Just think, I could be Nara.”

“Sasuke-kun,” she scolded. “He’s not that bad.”

“Yeah, well.” I was sure he wasn’t. I was also sure I was a creature of habit.

“He… He pointed out that you’ve never liked people paying attention to you, even at the
academy, and maybe there was a reason for it. And… And I’m sorry. I just got caught up in
everything with Ino, but I should have noticed - I should have noticed ages ago, but I didn’t,
and. I’m really sorry.”

“Stop. Um. Apologising. Please stop apologising.” This was literally the most awkward
conversation I’d gone through in my life. Maybe there was a reason for it - I didn’t even want
  to know what conclusions Shikamaru had drawn. “It’s ok, really, I don’t - I mean, I do mind
  when it happens, but I don’t mind if it doesn’t happen, as in. Um. I’m sorry for calling you a
  bitch. I don’t really hate you for being a dog person. Please stop being sad.”

  She ducked her head and opened her mouth, probably to apologise again and I panicked
  because then I’d have to apologise again, but thank god Naruto cut in before she could. “You
  two are disasters,” he complained. “You goofed, you said sorry, are we good? Can we go?”

  Sakura and I shared a look. I rolled my eyes and she smiled, and yeah. I guess we were good.

  “Ok,” she said. “Chunin exams, right?”

  “Right,” I repeated, relieved. I was meant to be worrying about losing my eyeballs, not losing
  my temper. We headed for the stairs, bypassing the frankly shocking genjutsu some chunin
  were attempting to project over the second floor (they’d chosen the blandest, most obviously
  fake personas for their henges - I was offended on behalf on genjutsu users for their lack of
  imagination or realism), and I tried to wrestle my mind back on track.

  Chunin exams. First task. Cheating time.

  Let’s go.



Chapter End Notes



    Iruka: beaten up by naruto, has a tree dropped on him by sakura, held at knife point by
    Sasuke
    Also Iruka: Worries about his kids because they're small and he doesn't want them to die
    Sasuke: Is this. A trap?

    If you're wondering, Tsuki is a Japanese spitz. Also if you're wondering, the fact that
    Sasuke can't feel killing intent may or may not mean that she can't project killing intent.
                      Chapter 22: Chunin exam arc, part one: III
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Lee crashed onto the scene as a bowling ball of green. I dodged, heart rate spiking and
   kawarimi lashing out to grab the nearest object in preparation in case I needed to make a
   hasty exit. This turned out to be a door, one that would probably end up ripped off its hinges
   if I did have to switch with it, but seeing as the area was depressingly lacking in pot plants or
   decorations it was the best I could do. Which, thinking about it, rude. I should send a strongly
   worded letter of complaint; every public space needed to be liberally scattered with
   kawarimiable objects, didn’t they know that ninja were easily startled and required plenty of
   hideyholes to feel safe in their environment?

   When I actually recognised the mess of spandex and legwarmers as Lee though I faltered,
   and stared at him in blinking incomprehension. He winced. He then followed his wince with
   a cower and attempted, pathetically, to push himself into a sitting position. Lee. He. No?
   What the hell. Had Gaara gone bijuu? Did Orochimaru attack? Who the fuck got the drop on
   Lee?

   I flicked my gaze uncertainly back in the direction he’d come, shifting to put him behind me
   in case he genuinely was as injured as he was claiming to be. Sakura picked up on my
   reaction and moved instinctively to join me while my mind spun, trying to work out what had
   happened. I couldn’t see a four storey sand demon anywhere. Lee was weak to genjutsu, and
   if I were setting up an invasion I guess it wouldn’t be a bad idea to try to take out the stronger
   Leaf genin before the exams started, but.

   Actually. Table that thought. That’s a good thought. I’ll want that later.

   Back to the but. Tenten - or who I assumed to be Tenten; she wore the familiar pink top and
   her hair was up in two neat buns that I was insanely envious of - was hovering in front of the
   chunin guarding the fake entrance to the exams, timidly protesting that they needed to be
   allowed through. The chunin, unsurprisingly, were laughing in her face and calling her weak.
   Which she wasn’t. Also Neji was with her and there was no way on earth he would fall for a
   genjutsu, so. What. What?

   “It’s not even a good genjutsu though,” I said, falling out of my ready stance. I shared a
   confused look with Sakura and glanced behind me to where Lee was being helped up by
   Naruto - and froze. He was looking back at us with genuine tears in his eyes, his hands
   pressed against his mouth and his shoulders quivering with suppressed emotion.

   At least. I assume suppressed emotion. He sure as hell wasn’t suppressing enough but I
   couldn’t think what else they’d be quivering with.

   “Um,” Sakura said. “Are you… ok?”
“Sakura-san!” he declared, flinging his arms out in a grand gesture that I had to step back to
avoid. “You would selflessly throw yourself into battle to protect me - truly, you are as
youthful as you are beautiful!”

“What in the fuck,” I mumbled, backtracking as he threw himself forward into a bow that
was far too deep. Sakura seemed rooted in place though and didn’t react fast enough to
escape as he reached for her hands and stared at her with adoring wide eyes.

Wide. He. Had a lot of eye. To wide with. The whites went all the way round, holy fuck get
some eyedrops. Blink. I was squinting in sympathy just looking at him.

“I, Rock Lee,” he said, completely ignoring my telepathic advice on proper eye care, “Pledge
myself to be your eternal admirer and devotee. Tell me! Will you go out with me?”

“No,” Sakura said, staring back at him with eyes almost as wide. She didn’t even stop to
think, and I was probably not meant to be as impressed as I was at how blunt it came across.

Lee wilted.

I refused to be sorry for him. His first impression was bad and he should feel bad, what the
hell did he expect.

“You can let go now,” I said, gesturing helpfully at where he was still holding her hands.
“She said no. It means no. Go away.”

He transferred his overly-intense gaze to me, and shifted immediately into - I think another
inspirational pose? Why did everyone have inspirational poses? I thought it was just a Naruto
thing. God, did I have an inspirational pose? Would I know? What if everyone was just being
polite in not mentioning it? No, wait. I wasn’t inspirational. I’d have a brooding and
tragically misunderstood pose, shit that was worse. I was never going to move again.

Making this resolution while Lee was standing opposite me was appallingly bad timing on
my part.

“Uchiha-kun!” he fucking beseeched me, the guy was illegal. “I’ve wanted to fight you for a
long time, and now you’ve shown yourself to be a ninja of youth and true character. I would
be honoured to call you my rival!”

I opened my mouth to follow Sakura’s example and say no, and accidentally kawarimid back
to Team Ten instead.

“Do I have a sign on my forehead,” I hissed. “Uchiha Sasuke, single and ready to mingle,
seeking moron who can’t take a fucking hint?” I was rude. I hated people. I literally just told
him to go away. That did not mean please request to be my rival, it meant I think the fuck not.
Also, go away.

“No,” Shikamaru yawned. “You're cute and everyone's heard of you, and you have a
reputation for being an asshole but in real life you're bad at hiding how much you care. It
makes people feel special if they can get close to you.”
“Nara, you suck.”

“Ugh, he’s not even handsome,” Ino complained, with a tentative side-eye as though
checking it was ok. “You could do so much better, Sasuke-kun.”

“But not with me,” Chouji said. I turned to him, nose scrunching up in confusion, and he
shrugged bashfully at me. “Sorry, Sasuke. I don’t think I’m gay.”

“Um. Good to know?” I made an aborted motion to pat him on the arm and turned it into an
awkward kind of wave instead, then decided to ignore his statement and focus on Ino instead.
She was holding herself in an overly-casual pose, still clearly tense and waiting for my
response, and my mind blanked on what to say.

“Unless you like him?” she amended, turning to reevaluate. “He’s, um, he looks serious about
his taijutsu, which is good.”

“What.”

“He could be really sweet,” she continued, warming to the subject. “And in light of letting
Sasuke-kun choose who Sasuke-kun dates, we’ll support your choices and help you win the
man of your dreams!”

“Please don’t,” I blurted. “I mean, thank you for letting me choose, but I don’t. I mean. I
don’t want to win. Him. Or do better. Or. Do. I don’t do.” She frowned, the confused frown
of someone genuinely trying to understand but struggling to interpret the complete mess
some idiot had given her, and I looked at the other two for help.

Shikamaru rolled his eyes. “Do you want to date anyone,” he said, monotonously enough that
it barely qualified as a question.

“No.”

“There you go.”

“Oh,” Ino said dubiously. “If you’re sure?” I made a strangled sound and she nodded her
head. “Well, ok. Let me know if you have any other dreams I can wingwoman for, because I
swear, someone round here needs to have an ambition they need help with or I’ll go mad.”

“Naruto's going to be Hokage," I offered. Then, at her unimpressed look, "And Lee wanted to
date Sakura anyway. He asked me to be his rival. With the fighting and the rival things.”

She flicked her hair dismissively. “Well, you can't be. You’ve already got a rival. And
Sakura? She could definitely do better, we should rescue her. Is that spandex? And his
eyebrows, wow.”

“Or rescue him from Sakura,” Chouji said. “She looks like she’s going to punch him.” They
started walking up to where Sakura was, indeed, looking ready to punch Lee despite Naruto’s
attempts to keep the peace, and I stared after them in confusion.
“I don’t have a rival.” I squinted. Did I have one I wasn’t aware of? No one had mistaken
Naruto for my rival for ages. Also, if people were only allowed one then surely he had Neji,
what did he need me for? “I'm a delight and I keep people at a distance, I’m not a rival-
having sort of person.”

“Do you actually listen to half the things you say?” Shikamaru asked, turning back to look
over his shoulder at me. “You’re an idiot.” I scowled as I jogged to catch up.

“I despise you,” I told him. Then, for emphasis, because he didn’t seem as mortally wounded
by that as he should, “Bitch.”

“Female dog or insult?”

“Bitch.”

“Uchiha-kun!” Lee said, spinning to face me and interrupting whatever scathing remark I’d
been planning to follow up with to Shikamaru. “I wished to spar against you to prove that a
genius of hard work was a match for a genius of good fortune, but your teammates kindly
informed me of your dedication to preserving your strength for the exam! It would be the
epitome of unyouthful for me to ignore your wishes in such a way - but I shall return when I
have found a more suitable time for our rivalry to commence, and shall win the spar and fair
Sakura-san’s heart another day!”

He struck a pose. I stared at him, then shifted to look judgmentally at my teammates.

Naruto grinned. Sakura shifted uncomfortably. Which meant that Naruto had come up with
the lie and Sakura knew it was shit but had backed him up when she realised it seemed to be
working. Clearly she was choosing to overlook the whole winning her heart thing in favour
of brutally rejecting him again the next time he asked her out.

“I’m not fighting you,” I said with as much finality as I could. His face fell, again, but before
he could rally himself against what must be an old hurt of being looked down on, I caved:
“You’re Gai's kid and a taijutsu specialist. You're terrifying and I'm pretty sure you'd beat me
to a pulp. It would hurt. I don’t do that.”

It was the wrong thing to say. He straightened, eyes welling once again with tears, and dear
god I was glad he didn't have chakra because if a fucking sunset genjutsu appeared behind
him I was out.

"Uchiha-kun, your belief in me has inspired me to train harder to live up to your
expectations! But you must not be so lacking in faith in yourself, your ability to see a person's
hidden strength makes you truly worthy of your title of rookie of the year!" I twitched. I
thought I'd left that damn title behind. He noticed, and must have taken it for disbelief
because his expression filled first with sorrow then a frankly alarming determination. "I will
respect your decision not to fight and I understand that your focus for now is on the exams,
but if I can share with you the meaning of youth and bring you confidence in your abilities
then I shall. As the student of my sensei's rival I have a duty not to abandon you, and if I fail I
will run a thousand laps of Konoha on my knees in penance!" And with that final threat, he
bowed again, and retreated cheerfully to his team to get chastised about how they were meant
to be keeping a low profile so the other genin would underestimate them.

There was a somewhat dumbfounded silence in his wake.

“I think you broke the floor,” Shikamaru muttered, kicking at a random spare tile lying
cracked in two pieces. I blinked at it, trying to work out what the hell it had to do with me,
then glanced back at where Team Ten had been. Sure enough there was a tile missing that I’d
apparently ripped up and kawarimid with.

“Not my fault,” I dismissed, collecting myself and heading decisively for the stairs. “The
interior decorating sucks, what was I meant to do. Are we taking this exam or not?”

                                              ___

Interlude: Team Eight, who we haven’t seen for a long long time

Team Seven and Team Ten came in together, which was not so much of a surprise once Kiba
thought about it. Ino and Sakura, Chouji and Sasuke - hell, Ino and Sasuke, even, though that
was as one sided as it got.

He took a second to feel sorry for Team Seven. Naruto was generally considered an
annoyance but especially disliked by Sakura, Sasuke tried to avoid most people but Naruto
and Sakura in particular, Sakura had her overwhelming crush on Sasuke - they’d be a
disaster. Not like Team Ten, who were made for teamwork, or Team Eight, who had settled
into a comfortable dynamic after a relatively short period of awkwardness. He wondered how
Team Seven managed to qualify for the chunin exams; they’d only been on one c-rank,
according to the grapevine, and it’d gone so badly it’d taken them a month to complete it.

Embarrassing.

As he watched, Naruto suggested something with a bright smile that made both Sakura and
Sasuke bristle in response. Good grief, he thought. Here we go again. It was only a surprise
that Sakura wasn’t punching Naruto into the ground for it.

He drifted subtly closer. Not fast enough to catch what Naruto said, nor Sakura’s reply - he
didn’t want to be obvious about eavesdropping, though from Shino’s raised eyebrow his team
at least could pick up what he was doing. He did catch Chouji’s question though, and the rest
of the conversation that followed.

“Would it be so bad to just fight him, if that’s what he wants?”

“You can’t give in to people when they ask for things like that,” Sasuke protested hotly.
“What if he thinks it’s permission to stick around? I might never get rid of him.”

“Besides, he only wants to fight the bastard because he’s an Uchiha,” Naruto said, his distaste
at the idea clear in his tone. “It’s dumb.”

Kiba sucked in a sharp breath at that. Family was important, sure, but Sasuke’s loyalty to his
clan was on a whole other level. Naruto not only calling Sasuke a bastard but also calling the
Uchiha dumb, the face Sasuke was pulling... “Fight, fight, fight,” Kiba chanted under his
breath, grinning unrepentantly at Shino’s eye roll.

“Kiba-kun, that isn’t very nice,” Hinata said, hovering anxiously. “Should we stop them?”

“No,” Shino said. “Why? Because though Uchiha is clearly annoyed, it does not appear to be
at Uzumaki and he’s not lashing out like he would usually do. We should wait and see how
they react before we involve ourselves in a situation we don’t understand.”

“Boring,” Kiba complained, but then Sasuke started speaking again and he hushed the other
two to listen.

“Make him be Sakura’s rival. They can bond over hitting things stupidly hard, if he still has a
crush on her when she’s broken his spine then we’ll know he’s beyond saving.”

“Sakura has a rival, thank you,” Ino sniffed.

“But not a love rival,” Naruto added, throwing his arm over Sasuke’s shoulder and leaning on
it. He flashed what might almost be a warning grin at Ino over Sasuke’s head, except what
the hell, it was Naruto hadn’t he and Sasuke been about to argue over him insulting the
Uchiha? Sasuke didn’t even snap at being used as an armrest, just pouted - pouted! -
grumpily and gave a half-hearted attempt to wriggle out. Ino made a yeah yeah motion with
her hands and relaxed into a natural, completely non-flirty smile, and Sakura didn’t even
blush at the fact that Sasuke had just complimented her strength.

What.

Sasuke. Uchiha Sasuke. Relaxed, surrounded by people he was supposed to hate, two of
whom were now touching him because Ino had tugged on his hair and complained that if he
was going to grow it out he could at least let her style it for him and all he did was wrinkle
his nose and bat her away - what.

“Classmates of yours?” another genin asked, stepping up to them casually and tilting his head
towards the others. Kiba flicked his gaze up to his headband, but it was Konoha, and he
wasn’t picking up anything threatening in the other genin’s scent or body language. “I don’t
mean to be rude,” the silver-haired - teen? He looked closer to twenty, but it was odd to be
still a genin at that age - continued before they could answer. “But… aren’t you the clan
heirs’ class? I thought you just graduated this year.”

Shino stiffened imperceptibly. Kiba picked up the cue and frowned, shifting himself to stand
between Hinata and the other genin. He could feel Akamaru rumbling a warning growl, and
lifted his hand to his hood to calm him. “So?”

“Ah, forgive me, I didn’t mean to imply anything,” the genin said, hands raised placatingly.
“I was just surprised, genin aren’t usually nominated so early. Particularly ones so important
for the village - the Uchiha is the last of his clan, isn’t he? He hasn’t even activated his
sharingan yet.”
“So?” Kiba repeated, more aggressively this time. He wouldn’t call Sasuke a friend, but
they’d all seen the aftermath of him losing his clan. He’d tried to pretend he was cold and
unaffected, but he’d been frail and thin and small - when Kuromaru had picked Kiba up from
the academy, he’d said that Sasuke smelt sick. He didn’t now, but friend or not, he was a
classmate, and something about the genin’s questions felt too leading to allow.

“I see,” the genin said, and Shino cut across him with an irritated sound.

“Whether he has or not is not something we can confirm,” he said, shooting Kiba a look that
said how many times have I told you to think before you speak. “Why? Because kekkei genkei
are private, and he could have many reasons for concealing it if it had been awakened.”

“But as far you know, he doesn’t have it. I have these information cards, I’m just trying to
keep them up to date - here, see? This is his. Uchiha Sasuke, last of his clan - and that one’s
definitely true, right? He doesn’t have a sister, or a cousin?”

A-rank, Kiba saw as the genin flashed the card at them, and for a second he thought that must
be a mistake. A-rank? There were chunin who wouldn’t be sent on A-rank missions, what the
hell was Sasuke doing on one?

“Ano,” Hinata said, ducking her head as the attention shifted to her. “Those cards could be
dangerous, couldn’t they? What information do you have on us?”

He stepped back, happy for his team to handle this one. He was better at fighting, Shino took
the logic, but Hinata beat them both hands down for diplomacy and subtle interrogation. He
looked over at Team Seven and Team Ten again, trying to see if he’d missed something.
Team Ten, no - they were pretty much the same as they’d been back in the academy, other
than their odd dynamic with Team Seven.

But Team Seven… Sakura’s shoulders were broader, her sleeveless dress and long gloves
showing off her heavier muscles. With her hair back and her head up she looked confident,
dangerous in a way she never had before. Naruto was quieter, more settled in his skin, and
taller. He walked like someone who knew where his feet were, which didn’t seem like much
until Kiba remembered how haphazard he’d always seemed - in life and in taijutsu both. And
Sasuke…

He caught Kiba staring and flicked his gaze up. His eyes were as dark as ever, no sharingan-
red in them, but they were somehow sharper than they should be. They passed over Kiba
quickly - not dismissive, but also not surprised to see him - and moved on to the genin Hinata
and Shino were talking to. When they narrowed, they were calculating, and when Sasuke
turned back to his team his posture was wary without being tense in a way that reminded
Kiba of someone.

He frowned, trying to place it. Alert but not seeming alert, not dangerous but still unsettling
to any Inuzuka with instincts… He moved like one of Kiba’s aunts, the one who’d
supposedly dropped out of active service but still kept going on missions and refusing to talk
about where she’d been. He was still small, still slight, but he didn’t look much like he had at
the academy.
“Cats,” Akamaru huffed, picking up on Kiba’s unease. Maybe, Kiba thought, though it didn’t
seem quite right.

Still, though. He didn’t feel so sorry for Team Seven anymore.

                                              ___

Kabuto, I thought unhappily. It wasn’t a sure sign that Orochimaru was involved - Kabuto did
have a cover to maintain, and presumably it would be suspicious for him to withdraw. But it
was a stark reminder that I’d only spoken to Rasa last night, and that didn’t leave a huge
amount of time for things to change.

Not that I had much time now, because it wasn’t long after I spotted him that Ibiki made his
entrance and explained the rules. I listened with half an ear, distracted by my own plans but
still needing to confirm that the layout was what I expected.

Team Ten were too close. No one had yet said anything about tackling the second task
together, because no one yet knew what it was - but we were too used now to working
together for someone not to mention it when the time came.

And even if they didn’t, Kabuto had approached Team Eight. That… was a worry. I’d
appreciated Shino at the academy for being quiet and usually unbothered if I ended up sitting
next to him, but other than that I barely knew them. If Orochimaru was only after a
sharingan, they should be fine - or as fine as they could be in the forest of death, but I had to
draw a line somewhere - but on the other hand, if Kabuto was already interested in them and
they were just classmates then Team Ten would be far higher on his list.

Too high to risk leaving alone.

“Start!” Ibiki said, and I pulled the exam towards me on auto pilot. It was the same, I’d
listened enough to confirm that at least, and I was sat far enough back that I had an easy view
of the rest of the room. Certainly enough of a view to see the cheating begin in earnest.

Was… Was I mistaken in thinking ninja were meant to be sneaky? Was that a large part of
ninja life that I’d just imagined? I could see the mirrors moving on the ceiling as some
overhyped hopeful used chakra threads to angle them to a better position. Gaara’s floating
sand eyeball was just hanging there, out in the open, as though eyeballs were a thing that
people didn’t routinely try to steal. The shimmering patch of floor that was moving up to lean
over people’s shoulders was barely acceptable as a genjutsu. No. No, I take that back. It
wasn’t acceptable. It was an insult. It was shoddy, and it gave genjutsu a bad name.

And, because the proctors didn’t seem to be putting a stop to it fast enough, I snaked out a
tendril of chakra towards it and held my hands in a seal under the desk.

“Kai,” I murmured, barely audible and without moving my lips, and the genjutsu fell. That
was the problem with a genjutsu anyone could see; if anyone could see it, then anyone could
dispel it. The genin underneath froze in panic then tried to pull on a henge as someone from
another village. Not that it mattered - he and his team had already been failed and he was
summarily sent out, loudly complaining that someone had sabotaged him.
Idiot. Next round people would have tried to kill him, sabotage was practically a kindness.
Which brought me neatly back to the thought I’d tabled earlier when I thought someone had
tried to get the jump on Lee: taking enemies out before we reached the invasion stage of the
exams was really not a bad idea.

There were two Sound teams. One hadn't made it through in canon but I’d seen the one that
had on the way in and noted their distinctive patterned uniform, which I guessed was meant
to be modelled after a vaguely snakeskin sort of aesthetic. Vaguely. It looked like a cow in
need of moisturiser. I could see two of them from where I sat, the kunoichi and one of the
guys, and also someone in a conical rice hat that looked suspiciously like the ones they wore
in Grass. I didn’t know how many Grass teams there were or whether this person was on the
team that would get killed by Orochimaru and replaced, but if I got them out at this stage…

I mean, I’d be saving them from getting killed by Orochimaru when he replaced them. It was
Rasa all over again, I was practically duty bound to do it.

I started with the Sound team.

The guy was not too far ahead of me. I didn’t remember his name, but he was heavily
bandaged, and also clearly writing on his paper - and therefore, unless he was Sakura levels
of genius (doubtful), clearly cheating. His writing was fairly confident, but varied in speed
and included some short pauses… He was almost certainly copying someone real time.

So, an observational jutsu. Something that could monitor one of the chunin plants. His head
was angled down at his paper, so probably not sight? And given the village he was from,
hearing seemed likely. Seemed, but this was mostly guesswork - I certainly didn’t know of
any hearing based jutsu that would allow him to copy what someone else was writing. If he
was using another method though, I couldn’t see it.

How would you disrupt a hearing jutsu? It would be harder to cancel than performing a kai
on a genjutsu. If I had cover, I could attack his ears with a senbon to rupture his eardrum or -
if I was feeling less subtle - a very loud explosion. Alternatively, just creating enough
background noise to drown out whatever he was listening to, though I was less confident that
would work.

I’d come back to him, I decided. Without knowing for sure that he was listening for his
answers I didn’t want to risk it.

The other Sound ninja was the kunoichi - Kin, I think? - and was at a slightly more awkward
angle for me to see. I bent my head forward so my bangs fell over my eyes and started
moving my pencil over my paper as though I were writing.

She paused, then wrote something quickly, then paused, then repeated. Not real time, too
bitty. She was getting information, then writing it down, then waiting for the next answer. My
first thought was another sound based technique, but her left hand was held oddly - curled on
its side with her thumb and forefinger over the top rather than flat on the desk holding her
paper in place.
I dropped a very subtle dark-eyes genjutsu over my eyes to keep any red from showing and
activated my sharingan.

Bingo.

The thumb and forefinger held a senbon, one she was tapping against whatever transmitter
was hidden in her fist. I didn’t know the code, but it clearly was one; a mix of taps, scrapes
and pauses that seemed similar to morse code. Either that or she had a tiny keyboard in there
and she was using the senbon to press buttons.

I deactivated my sharingan, but kept the genjutsu running over my eyes. If I only ever applied
it when I had my sharingan on it would be fairly obvious what I was doing, even though I
didn’t think anyone had noticed it so far. Either way, it was small enough that it took barely
any chakra or concentration to keep going, so I may as well. But Kin: someone on her team
was passing her the answers. To get her caught, I needed to make her reveal the transmitter in
her hand without being caught myself as the one to sabotage her. Also, I’d need to either
sabotage her so obviously the proctors had to fail her or I’d need to do it twice - the two
strikes and you’re out policy frustratingly worked against me here.

I started filling in the answers I’d seen on her sheet as I thought, because I did also have to
pass the exam myself. I was fairly confident that things would run as in canon unless I
actively did something to change them, but I was also fairly confident that the repercussions
of things I’d done previously would make it almost impossible to predict where those
changes would come into play.

Besides. Even if the last question was as I expected, I still had my old friend paranoia to
consider. I couldn’t afford to have people asking questions about how I’d known not to fill in
the rest of the exam.

I wrote down the last of the answers I’d copied from her, then reached out with my chakra
again. I still didn’t know how easy it was for chakra sensors to pick up, so I kept it subtle, a
thin tendril snaking across the floor and up the leg of her desk. Once there I shaped it; small,
unobtrusive - frightening, but not unrealistic. A scaled down version of a full illusion, enough
to be effective, not enough to get caught. I angled one my hands to be hidden by the curve of
my forearm and held it in a seal.

“Genjutsu,” I breathed, barely audible, and touched the chakra to her wrist. “Hell viewing
technique.”

It swelled, bulging and darkening. Scorpion. Not a bad thing to be afraid of, really, and I
shuddered as I felt its legs tapping against her skin as though it were my own wrist it were
crawling up. She froze, and I gave it a nudge to make it raise its tail threateningly.

Shake it off, I pressed. It’s going to sting, get it off, you have to get it off now it’s poisonous
now now get it OFF -

With a muffled gasp she flicked her hand away from her, the transmitter flying wildly to
clatter on the floor. I let the scorpion fly out with it then skitter under a neighbouring chair
before I dismissed it - she was the only one who could see it, but that was no reason to be
sloppy. I glanced over to the proctor I thought most likely to be watching her, and saw him
frown and make a note on his clipboard. Yes.

I paused, just in case that had been enough to get her out straight away, but no such luck. One
down, one left; she was on her second chance.

I kept my face stone to stop my smirk. She wouldn’t be on her second chance for long. The
transmitter was a couple of metres ahead of her, not visible from where I sat - but it didn’t
need to be. My kawarimi sense was easily able to ripple along the floor to find it, and once it
had it, picking up the small device was child’s play. I’d trained my chakra to redirect shuriken
in mid air. A transmitter? Come on.

So when I scraped and dragged it along the floor, just enough to catch the proctor’s attention,
then lifted it wobbling and uncertain into the air towards her -

“Number eighty one,” the proctor said, and I let the transmitter drop.

Perfect.

I tilted my head forward, hair in my eyes, looking for all the world as though I was
concentrating fully on my paper. It made it difficult to keep watching her but I caught enough
to see she was white-faced and furious, clearly aware that someone had set her up to fail.

So long as she didn’t know it was me, I thought in satisfaction, and watched her teammate
also push himself back from his seat with an angry shove. The third member of their party
was somewhere behind me and I heard his muffled curse as he too joined them in exiting the
party. Sound team out, just Grass to go, and I was five out of nine questions down on my
paper as well. I left it a few minutes to avoid drawing suspicion then glanced up, looking
casually over at the back of the Grass nin’s conical hat -

And then suddenly down at my paper, heart racing. Fuck me. That was Orochimaru. That was
- fuck me. Practically turned round in his seat to look back at me, not even trying to be subtle,
and the curve to his mouth was amused. Holy shit. What the fuck. I didn’t think he was meant
to be here yet. Also excuse me, proctors, that’s an S-class missing nin and the only disguise
he’s currently wearing is a fricken hat what the hell are you even doing.

I risked a glance back up, because if Orochimaru had broken cover then he was probably
going to attack. Naruto I’d already spotted at the front of the room, and Chouji I could also
see, but Ino was behind me and I couldn’t spot Sakura’s distinctive pink hair anywhere. I
swept the room with mission-level efficiency; Shikamaru’s spiky ponytail was visible, though
from his posture that was definitely Ino in control, Naruto had his hands behind his head in
his don’t mind me just making clones pose, but still no Sakura so she must also be behind me
which was at least closer to the door but how could I protect her if I didn’t know where she
was.

I checked quickly on Orochimaru, then faltered. In his seat was a Grass kunoichi, frowning
down at her paper. Her long dark hair and pale skin were fairly similar to Orochimaru, but
only superficially. None of the proctors or other genin were acting like anything out of the
usual had happened.
  “Kai,” I croaked, barely remembering to keep my voice down and not move my lips. No
  change. I activated my sharingan, relying on the dark-eyes genjutsu I still had going to hide
  them. No change. The Grass kunoichi crossed something out and started writing, slowly and
  methodically, as though she were working out her answer as she went.

  No, not as though. With my sharingan on, I could read her paper. She was working it out - the
  chunin plants had written just the answers in, but she was going through the individual steps
  to reach the correct solution.

  I deactivated my sharingan and looked back down at my desk. Five out of nine completed
  answers looked back at me. I picked up my pencil and numbly began filling in the sixth and
  seventh with the Grass kunoichi’s neat calculations.

  Had I imagined it. Had Orochimaru showed me on purpose. Why would he show me on
  purpose. Could I get the Grass kunoichi arrested. Could I get her thrown out the exam. I had
  to get her thrown out. If she went into the forest, I was dead. But she wasn’t cheating. Was it
  her or was it Orochimaru. Did it make a difference. How could I sabotage them if they
  weren’t cheating.

  I shook myself. If I sabotaged the kunoichi, he’d just possess someone else - at least this way
  I knew who he was. And the Sound team were still out. I’d just - I’d avoid the Grass team.
  Somehow. I could save this.

  “Number 42,” one of the proctors said, breaking into my thoughts. I looked up just in time to
  see the Grass kunoichi - to see Orochimaru - stand up from his seat and bow, then start
  casually making his way back towards the entrance.

  His route was going to take him right by my desk. He’d got himself out deliberately so he
  could walk back via my desk. He knew I’d seen him.

  I kept my head down, every muscle tensed and trying desperately not to look like it, and my
  chakra fixed on the furthest thing I could see in case I needed to kawarimi.

  He went past. His hand was close enough to brush against my shoulder in a way that would
  look accidental from the outside. I didn’t breathe.

  “Play nice, Sasuke-kun,” he murmured, then the hand was gone.

  I didn’t look up. I still didn’t breathe. I also didn’t interfere with any other teams for the rest
  of the exam.



Chapter End Notes



    Sasuke when Sakura says no to someone: it's. that simple. easy. look at that. 'no' fuckign
    poetry
Sasuke when Sasuke has to say no to someone: language isn't real the stars are in
retrograde and i have kawarimid GOODBYE

Whoops, apologies for the slightly delayed chapter, I got distraced first by another fic
and then by life BUT here we are and we'll hopefully be back on schedule after this.
Thank you for bearing with me! Also a quick note to say that I may not be able to
answer every comment from here. I will still read and love all of them (so much!) and I
will still answer questions and talk meta because yes but to help me stick to reasonable
updates I'm going to try and be sensible with what I can achieve <3
              Chapter 23: Chunin exam arc, part one: IV


“... And then he said You’ll never be chunin and everyone started leaving, which makes no
sense because how could he stop us, huh? Like people can just say things and expect
everyone to give up because of it. And then -”

“I know,” Sakura said for the third time. “We were there, Naruto. We heard him.”

“Yeah, but can you believe it? What kind of dumb question was that?”

“He explained it after,” Shikamaru cut in, sloping up to us in his habitual slouch. “What
scroll do you have?”

“Are you even attempting to be subtle,” I grumbled under my breath, but my heart wasn’t in
it.

Apparently he was, because Sakura glanced at him, then faked an exaggerated grimace. “Ah,
the same as yours,” she complained in a way that was just loud enough to be easily
overheard. “I guess that means we’ll be hunting together?”

“Like old times,” he agreed easily. It made some of the people closest to us draw back with a
frown; two teams that were used to working together made for a pretty convincing threat, and
the fact that we had the same scroll meant we weren’t any more tempting as a target than a
single team with one scroll. It wasn’t even that much of a bluff, except that we didn’t yet
know if we had matching scrolls or not.

Sakura tapped her thigh and crossed her fingers. Clone. My heart sped up - who was a clone,
had she found Orochimaru? Was it the Sound team coming back in under disguise?

“Trade you,” Naruto said cheerfully, and swapped one of Chouji’s chips for a bright orange
mochi. It looked ridiculously unrealistic, but I barely resisted sighing in relief; Naruto-clone,
she meant, not a danger warning. A shadow clone. For Team Ten to dispel when they were
through the gates so we’d know where they were. That sort of clone.

When I looked up, both Sakura and Shikamaru were frowning at me. I scowled back
reflexively. “What?”

Sakura raised an eyebrow. Whatever she was about to say though was interrupted by the
warning klaxon sending us to our respective gates.

"Guess that's our cue," she said instead, waving at Ino as we turned to go.

"Don't keep us waiting," Ino warned, flicking her hair in a perfect picture of lazy confidence.
It was risky, but calculated; as the youngest entrants people would think we were easy
pickings, and even if we weren’t the more of them we could scare off the better. I spared a
moment to wonder how Team Eight were getting on and scanned the nearby gates, but I
didn't see them. They must be at one of the further ones. Good - that was three people at least
who I didn’t need to worry about protecting.

"You ok, bastard?" Naruto prompted in a low voice. I could've deflected, but - it was Naruto.
And Sakura. And Orochimaru.

"Probably not," I said, aiming for humorously nihilistic and falling flat. I also flicked my
fingers against each other in a way that said enemies near and tilted my head slightly to
indicate the other genin. There were three other teams at our gate, two from Sand and one
from - Rain? One of the smaller villages, all eyeing each other up and trying to judge the
value of a skirmish right out the gate.

Sakura nodded in understanding. "Stay low, go fast," she said, in a tone of voice which
naturally meant get high, go stealthily. Normally I’d be all over this level of misdirection and
double bluffing, but just at that moment it was frustratingly pointless. Someone fussing with
a tiny little umbrella when what they needed were oilskins and a lifeboat. Maybe a hearse. No
wait, hearses didn't exist. Black carriage drawn by four plumed horses. Hole in the ground
and an immolation jutsu. Fuck. Pull it together. Sakura was looking at me worriedly so I
nodded, and dutifully did my part in casting a genjutsu that would allow us to fade into the
shadows as soon as Naruto's decoys were ready to take our place.

The second klaxon sounded. The fake Team Seven bolted, straight for the tower and running
at a full out sprint. I tightened the genjutsu enough to cover us until we took soundlessly to
the trees, watching from the upper branches as one of the Sand teams fell for the bait and ran
after our clones.

"Team Ten are that way," Naruto said, pointing towards one of the other gates. "Ish. They
haven't dispelled my clone yet."

"How accurate can you be until then?"

He pulled a face. "Ish. Sorry, Sakura-chan."

"Ish is fine," she assured him, and set a steady, loping pace through the canopy. "Sasuke-kun,
can you keep the genjutsu going?"

"While we're stationary," I said. "If you want it while we're running I'll need to upgrade." Call
it caution, call it paranoia, I was not saying the word sharingan out loud. Not today.

"Save it. Unless we're being followed?"

I stretched out with my chakra to search for moving people shapes, then shook my head. "Not
that I can pick up, but." That didn’t mean much, stupid chakra-blind chakra sense now was
not the time to not be able to spot enemies coming.

"Can’t hear anyone,” Naruto chimed in, tilting his head. “No one upwind.” He paused a
second, frowning in concentration, before turning back to us. “We’re good.”
"Ok." We were running in a loose formation, Sakura in the front and Naruto and I flanking
her and slightly behind. She glanced back at me, and Naruto switched his focus to listen as
well. "Sasuke-kun -"

"Someone wants my family's eyes," I said bluntly. "I'm pretty sure they're targeting me."

“What?” Naruto snarled, dropping out of his position and reappearing on my other side in the
next step, teeth bared and hands curled into loose, claw-like fists.

“Who?” Sakura asked sharply. “A genin?” She hadn’t shifted to an aggressive stance as
obviously as Naruto had, but her fingers twitched in a way that said she wanted her
chainsaws out. She led us further up into the trees, glaring at the branches around us with
bristling wariness.

I noted their reactions with a kind of despairing fondness; yes, it was good they were taking
the threat seriously, they’d need to take the threat seriously if they were going to survive. But
at the same time, it was Orochimaru. Claws and chainsaws wouldn’t do anything against
him.

“Not a genin,” I said. “He was impersonating one in the exam, but he realised I’d seen him
and deliberately got his team failed.” Realised I’d seen him - bollocks. He’d noticed me
sabotaging the Sound team and deliberately shown himself to me. Why. Did he just want to
mess with me, did he want me to be pants-shittingly terrified because fuck it, I was - “I don’t
know who he is now,” I said, wrestling my brain back under control. Panic later. Plan now. “I
can still try and lure him out, but he knows you’re my team - he would’ve seen Team Ten too,
you need to get them somewhere safe while I distract -”

“What the fuck, bastard,” Naruto spat, whirling on me and forcing me to dodge into a crouch
to avoid colliding with him and sending us both to the ground.

“I didn’t ask him to switch disguises! I thought -”

“Did you because that’s the shittiest plan you’ve ever -”

“Fuck you,” I hissed, and shoved him away from me. He barely moved, because he was
stupid and bigger than me and I was a tiny shrimp what the hell kind of plan was I meant to
come up with. “You can’t just hit things with more clones and expect it to work for
everything, that’s how people die.”

“Oh, what, so ‘people’ dying is bad but when it’s -”

“Boys!” Sakura stepped physically between us, pushing us both back. I stumbled, too
frustrated to be graceful, and glared at her. She just stared back, calm and unimpressed and
authoritative as though she could team leader all the problems away, like if she went up
against Orochimaru she wouldn’t break and it wouldn’t be my fault.

“He’s too strong to fight,” I said mulishly.

“You know him?”
“I don’t need to,” I retorted. “People have been coming after our eyes ever since Kakashi
proved you can steal them.” I made an annoyed cutting motion with my hand and
backtracked; I was scared and therefore angry, but it wasn’t Kakashi’s fault. “He didn’t steal
his,” I amended. “But this guy - I thought I’d be ok because no one knows I’ve got them, but
if he’s infiltrated the exam -” I broke off again. Sakura was still staring at me, tense but still
under control, but over her shoulder Naruto hadn’t calmed down in the slightest.

“Sasuke-kun,” Sakura started, and I flinched. Without my foreknowledge, the explanation
seemed weak. No wonder Naruto was mad at me.

“He told me to play nice,” I said in a last ditch attempt to make them see. “In the exam, I
think he showed me who he was on purpose, and then he walked out and he knew my name
and he told me to play nice.”

“I’m going to kill him,” Naruto promised, low and dark.

“Weren’t you listening? You need to get somewhere safe -”

“So do you,” Sakura cut in, and her expression was rigid but her voice was tight and sharp. I
didn’t shake my head or glare at her but something must’ve shown on my face, because she
frowned at me. “You get one chance, Sasuke. Tell me your plan and convince me it’ll work.”

I took a breath and tried to pull myself together. Plan. Ok. Plan. My original thoughts had
revolved around staying with the team and keeping them safe; my biggest worry had been
whether Team Ten would be too many people to protect. That had been a stupid worry,
because Orochimaru wasn’t a threat I could protect anyone from. “I can draw him off,” I said.
“You two go with Team Ten, get out of the forest as fast as you can. He shouldn’t go after
you. I don’t think. If he does, use Tsuki to call Kakashi. You’ll probably get disqualified from
the exams, but.” I shrugged helplessly. Sometimes you had to prioritise. “I’m fastest by
myself, I should be able to outrun him for long enough to give you time.”

“That’s it?” she asked. “Ok. That’s bullshit. New plan: we stick together as a team and you
trust us to help you instead of running off to play martyr and get yourself killed.” I blinked,
thrown - Sakura never swore, also what - but she’d already turned to Naruto.

“Team Ten are about three minutes that way,” he said before she’d asked anything. He didn’t
look much less angry than he had before, and as he pointed I noticed that he did, in fact, have
claws on the ends of his fingers. Somehow though he’d tempered his anger with a
determination and protective fury that made him look older, more mature, and I was struck
with the sudden, hysterical thought that if he survived this then I could totally see how he’d
end up as the hero.

If he survived.

“You two -”

“Bastard?” Naruto interrupted. “Shut up.” He and Sakura fell back into formation, leaving a
space open between them that was clearly meant for me. They stood, waiting, shoulders
angled towards me, both of them stubborn and unmovable and refusing to leave me behind.
The thought came back, less hysterical this time. They both looked like heroes. Orochimaru
was still a threat way beyond what we could take head on, but…

I felt better with them there than by myself.

I took a breath, and stepped forward into the space they left. They closed ranks around me,
and in one synchronised movement, we leapt for the next branch.



“There’s been a change of plans,” Sakura said when we dropped out the trees in front of
Team Ten. Team Ten - and Team Eight. She paused, frowning at them.

“Hi,” Kiba said with a half-smile and a cautious wave. “We overheard you talking outside the
forest. Konoha should stick together, so. Here we are.”

“But nine of us?” Ino asked. “Getting six scrolls is going to take an age.”

“What’s the change?” Shikamaru asked Sakura, ignoring what sounded like an argument
they’d already had. He glanced between me and Naruto as though he’d be able to work out
why we were so on edge just by looking. Naruto had calmed, somewhat, but he still had his
claws out and he was a far cry from his usual relaxed self.

“Someone’s using the exam as a cover to target Sasuke,” Sakura said. She still hadn’t picked
the -kun back up, too focussed to waste time on being polite. “They’re able to get past village
security which puts them at high chunin level threat at minimum, probably more like jounin.”

“Silver hair?” Kiba guessed, tilting his head. “Glasses, has his own data pages on all the
exam entrants? He was asking about you earlier.”

Kabuto. I’d been so focussed on getting the Sound and Grass teams out, I’d completely
forgotten he’d still be in the exam. His cover kept him as a fairly weak genin, and I could
only hope that he’d be concerned enough about keeping it that he wouldn’t attack.

“What kind of questions?”

“If you had your sharingan yet, if you had any other family in the village - he seemed pretty
keen on finding out if you were the last Uchiha or not.”

“Bloodline theft,” Shikamaru spat, disgusted. “What did you tell him?”

“Nothing,” Kiba huffed. “We said we didn’t know and then changed the subject. Do you have
it? Because if someone’s after you, it would probably be a good time to have a secret
technique up your sleeve.”

“Piss off, Inuzuka,” I said in lieu of answering his question. What part of secret technique
would remain secret if I told everyone who asked. Idiot. “It doesn’t sound like the guy I
noticed, but he was disguising himself as other people. We don’t know what he’ll look like.”
“So what’s the new plan?” Ino asked, turning to Sakura. “We stay together, safety in
numbers?”

“What scrolls do we all have?” Chouji said. “If we gave Team Seven two and they just went
straight to the tower, maybe…?”

“Heaven,” Sakura said. Shikamaru made a face and gestured at their own heaven scroll that
Ino was showing us.

“You’re kidding,” Kiba groaned. “All three of them?”

Naruto made an irritated sound. “So we get an earth scroll. There’s nine of us - we get three
earth scrolls, and we stay together, and if he comes after the bastard we beat the shit out of
him.”

“Or retreat en masse and not get killed,” I muttered, then rolled my eyes as Naruto elbowed
me.

Shikamaru looked back at Ino and Chouji, then sighed. “Troublesome,” he drawled, but made
no move to leave or disagree with the plan.

“Team Eight?” Sakura asked, turning to them. “Don’t feel you -”

“I said Konoha sticks together, didn’t I?” Kiba interrupted with a tight grin. Over his shoulder
Hinata and Shino stayed quiet, but they seemed happy enough for him to talk for them and
neither seemed to disagree.

“Ok,” Sakura said, nodding. “Konoha versus the chunin exams. We get the scrolls, we stay
together, we beat the shit out of anyone who comes after us.”

Ino laughed, vicious with anticipation. “Forehead, you make the best plans. Let’s go.”



We made quick progress the first day, and the day after that, cutting towards the tower in
almost a straight line through the trees. Team Eight stayed further out, their skills uniquely
suited to spotting danger or tracking potential targets. The next layer of defence was from
Ino’s chakra sensing and a small hoard of Naruto’s clones, then the six of us in Teams Seven
and Ten moved in tight formation in the centre. It didn’t make us particularly subtle, but our
priority was speed - we wanted to be close enough to safety that we could finish the exam as
soon as we had the earth scrolls.

Camp the first night was in a sprawling canopy as far up as we could go before the branches
got too thin. We were all on edge, and it showed in the way we instinctively stuck to the high
ground - trees were our home terrain. They might not do much against Orochimaru, but
against a standard enemy genin team? They’d have to be idiots to attack us where we had
such an advantage.

By the third night though we were bold enough - and beginning to be achy enough - to take
the ground. We’d reached the tower and circled steadily back out, wary of any teams
attacking us, but none had. Nine genin was apparently enough of a threat to make even the
more advanced teams think twice, and the combination of Team Eight’s tracking with our
firepower meant that we’d easily overwhelmed the one team that hadn’t run in fright when
we’d approached. Not that it had done much; they'd either already lost their scroll or hidden it
so well that not even Hinata's byakugan could find it, but still. With no sign of Orochimaru
and a successful confrontation under our belt, it was hard to keep up the tense fear of the first
day.

Not that we were sloppy. Our camp was ringed with traps and we had two people on watch
for each shift. That still left three of us able to sleep through the night, and I was corralled
firmly to the most defensible part of the clearing with Naruto’s jacket dropped over me as he
took the spot to my outside.

“I have my own,” I said, pulling a face at him.

“Mine’s warmer,” he shot back, which was objectively true. Plus, he was a furnace. If the
jacket wasn’t so violently orange he probably wouldn’t bother wearing it all the time. None
of us had bed rolls or blankets, and though we’d all been taught how to wedge ourselves into
hollows and against the trunk it hardly made for the most comfortable of nights, even before
you factored in the cold.

I stuck my tongue out at him and kept the jacket.

“... Huh,” Kiba said, watching us questioningly. His own jacket had been left aside for
Akamaru, who seemed to dislike the cold as much as I did, and in the near-black under the
trees he was difficult to see without wasting the chakra to activate my sharingan. “You
actually do get on with people.”

“We’ve been a team for three months,” Sakura pointed out. Hinata and Shino were on watch
again (byakugan and bugs, ridiculously overpowered combination) and she and Ino were
checking the last of the tripwires set up around our make-shift campsite. Beside them, Chouji
and Shikamaru were leaning back against one of the trees on the edge of the clearing, ready
to take the next shift in a few hours - Shikamaru seemed to be stubbornly trying to use those
hours to sleep.

“He was at the academy with us for years,” Kiba countered. “He still only cared about getting
stronger.”

He is right here, dog-breath. Did it ever maybe occur to you that there was a reason he only
cared about getting stronger. She only cared. Fucking. Ugh.

Some of my thoughts must’ve shown on my face, because Naruto’s response was sharper
than I expected. “Team is different,” he said. “Everyone’s different. People change.”

Kiba held his hands up, palms out non-threateningly. “I know,” he said placatingly. “I’m just
trying to work out how. You aren’t what I expected.”

I made a noise of annoyance. “We would be if you were paying attention.” It’s not like
Sakura or Naruto just randomly started being competent out of nowhere. Sakura had been the
smartest in the year and could flatten Naruto with a single punch if she felt like it, Naruto had
regularly evaded the teachers and - if rumours were to be believed - ANBU level patrols.
What, were they meant to not develop those skills and be better than everyone else? Moron.

“I’m paying attention now,” he said, and despite my attempts to redirect him to the others he
turned back to me. “If getting stronger isn’t the most important thing, what do you care
about?”

“Ending this conversation?” I shook my head. What. Was Kiba always this weirdly invasive?
Maybe he’d spent too long around dogs. Maybe Hinata and Shino were his self restraint and
without them he turned into someone with no concept of personal space.

“Geez, why are you so interested?” Ino complained, and I wasn’t sure if she did it honestly or
to purposefully deflect attention off me, but either way I was grateful.

“Just curious,” he defended, still looking at me like he was trying to work me out.

“Well don’t be,” Sakura said, verging on coldly. “It’s rude.”

There was a pause. It felt tense, to me, and I resisted the urge to bare my teeth back at him. I
had too many secrets to like people digging at the best of times, and I wasn’t that close to
Kiba to begin with. Even if I was, he was being unsettling, and I was relieved when Naruto
shifted to block his view.

“Shit, lighten up,” Kiba finally said, glancing away. “What’s the plan for tomorrow?”

“Find out tomorrow,” Sakura told him. “For now, some of us have the dawn watch and would
appreciate the chance to sleep.”

With any luck, we’d pick up the scrolls we needed in the morning, and split back into our
normal teams once everyone was safe. Nine people and a dog were too many, even if Kiba
was the only one of Team Eight that ever really spoke.



Nothing. I growled in frustration and shoved my shuriken - that, yet again, I hadn’t got
chance to use - back in my pouch.

“No,” Sakura groaned, looking at my face when we returned. “You’re kidding.”

“Wish we were,” Ino complained, stalking up behind me. “Third team today. Gone.
Vamoosed. Vanished in the damn wind.”

“Maybe the next one?” Chouji suggested hopefully.

“You said that the last two times. I swear, someone’s warning them off before we reach
them.”

“Or maybe none of you know how to be quiet,” Kiba said, too casually to not be pointed.
“We’d’ve got our scroll just fine if we weren’t carrying you around.”
I bit back on my instinctive defence of our stealth. I was pretty sure that Ino and I as a pair
were at least sneaky enough to fool a genin team - I was pretty sure that by myself I could
sneak past, say, a set of chunin level patrols around the Kazekage’s residence in the
diplomatic quarters - but the fact was: we’d been hunting for hours today and on and off for
the past three as well, and we had nothing to show for it.

Naruto bristled though. “No one’s carrying -” He bit off his reply when Sakura shot him a
quelling look. We were all frustrated, even Shikamaru mustering the energy to scowl.

“Maybe he has a point,” he said. “We’re getting nowhere as a group, maybe it’s time to split.”

“We’re still safer as a group,” Sakura said, but from the way she was frowning I could tell
she saw the logic in the suggestion. Frustratingly, so did I, even if every fibre of me rebelled
at the thought of making ourselves vulnerable like that. “Even if some of the stronger teams
have already finished, that just means that the people left will be more desperate, and that’s
leaving aside that whoever’s after Sasuke-kun is still out there.”

“We stay close,” Shikamaru countered. “We meet up for the night again, and we’ll take
clones so we can call for back-up if we need to.”

“Shino has bugs,” Kiba added. “And if we still haven’t got enough scrolls by the evening, the
others will be easier to attack when they’re asleep.”

Ino nodded, as sick as I was of being sent out on stealth runs that led to empty camps. “I
should be able to feel if you flare your chakra,” she said. “Except you, Sasuke-kun. Even
Sakura’s easier to feel than you.”

“Really?” I perked up, grateful for the distraction. All that panic about whether my chakra-
blindness meant I was being really obvious every time I used a jutsu, and now Ino was saying
I was hard to detect? I’d take that. I reached out with a chakra tendril and waved it in front of
her face, but she didn’t react until I poked her in the cheek with it.

She slapped it away, irritated. “Quit it. What is that, some kind of chakra blade?”

“Kawarimi,” I answered, pulling back smugly. I didn’t know if she was the best sensor, but
she definitely wasn’t the worst. I’d definitely take that.

“So, splitting up?” Kiba pressed. “We’re all agreed?”

Sakura glanced at me. I hesitated; we were still safer as a group - but six extra genin and a
dog wouldn’t do a thing against a sannin. Maybe… they’d be safer if they weren’t with us? I
didn’t know why he hadn’t already attacked; we were now over halfway through the exercise,
what was he waiting for? Then again, if he was delayed, then taking the chance to get the
scrolls and leave would be our best bet. The forest was dangerous whether we were in a
group or not, and without scrolls we couldn't leave it. Was it more dangerous to take the risk
and get the scrolls fast, or play it safe and spend longer in the forest? Neither option sounded
great, but. We'd been getting nowhere sticking together.

I caught Naruto’s eye. He didn’t seem ecstatic, but he nodded when I raised an eyebrow.
“We’re good,” Sakura said, turning back to the others. “Meet at the bend in the river with the
poisonous vines at sundown, it’s close enough to the tower that we can make it tonight if we
get all the scrolls we need.”

“We’ll bring you extra,” Kiba promised lazily, and gave us a parting salute as he and his team
headed off, two kikaichu buzzing towards us from the spot where Shino’d been standing.

I tried to dodge behind Naruto, but the bug attached itself to my jacket and crawled firmly
under my collar. Out of respect for the fact that Shino was a bro who’d let me use him as a
human shield in academy classes, I restrained my impulse to shudder and set myself on fire.

It was a near thing.

“Did you give them a clone?” Sakura asked, frowning after them.

“I can try and catch them up with one?”

“Or we can leave them to it and pick a different meeting point so we finish this without
them,” Ino suggested sourly. By the way she was glaring down at her headband round her
waist, I gathered that she’d got the kikaichu for Team Ten and wasn’t happy about it.

“They’re still Konoha,” Shikamaru said.

“Kiba’s an idiot and I can’t believe he made Hinata-chan shyer than she already was,” she
retorted. “I didn’t even know that was possible.”

“We’re not changing the meeting place,” Sakura said. “Let’s just get these scrolls and finish
the exam, ok?”

“And kidnap Hinata-chan after for a proper girl talk,” Ino agreed. “Sasuke-kun, you can
come. You need a haircut.”

I flattened it defensively. It was fine. I then removed my hand and tried not to grimace,
because eurgh, it really needed a shower. A cold stream in the morning was all very bracing
but it lacked conditioner.

“Fine. See you later, Ino-pig.”

“And you from a mile off, Forehead.”

Hair was clearly on Naruto’s mind, because the trio of clones he tossed to Shikamaru to share
out were all clips, one each for the deer, boar and butterfly cans. He waved with a cheery grin
and I smirked as Shikamaru grimaced at his very elegant orange stag.



We moved quickly once we’d left, falling back into our trio-formation with a sigh of relief.
The other two were still keeping me in the middle and I dropped the dark-eyes genjutsu over
my sharingan, using it in short bursts to scan the trees for signs of anyone passing.
In total, it took us less than half an hour to find a target. God it was so much better to be in a
three again. Team Ten were ok, but if I never had to work with Team Eight again I’d be
happy.

“Tsuki?” Naruto asked, turning to look hopefully at Sakura. She hummed consideringly.

“She’s not trained yet. I don’t think she can climb trees either.”

I snorted. “You totally want to call her,” I said, flashing her a teasing smirk. “Don’t lie, you
know you do.”

She sniffed, dropping down to the forest floor with an exaggerated flick of her braid. “I
suppose it would be good experience for her,” she said with a put-on air of reluctance. Naruto
quietly cheered - I wasn't the only one in high spirits now that it was just us.

One bloody thumbprint to the back of the summoning scroll, a puff of smoke -

“Where’s the danger?” Tsuki yipped, leaping out and landing in a crouched position, the
ridiculous fluff of her tail practically falling over her ears. “Who are we fighting? Get back
Puppy, Tsuki and Sakura-bitch will save you!”

“I thought you were meant to be a tracker,” I said dryly, raising an eyebrow at her. She started
circling round us, nipping at my and Naruto’s heels to try and push us closer in towards
Sakura.

“My teeth are bigger than yours,” she retorted, baring them at me.

“No fighting,” Sakura said firmly. I assumed she meant that Tsuki wouldn’t be fighting the
other genin team, but given the quelling look she also sent me there may have been a second
meaning. “Tsuki-chan, there’s an enemy team up ahead. They have something we need;
Sasuke’s going to scout them out, can you show him the way? You can’t be seen.”

She paused, thinking through the instructions, then nodded decisively. “Cats are too lazy to
track properly,” she said. “Kitten, follow me.”

“Too lazy?” I repeated, miffed. Cats weren’t lazy. They were ambush predators who knew
how to conserve energy.

“Be nice,” Sakura muttered, too quiet for Tsuki to hear. “She’s young.”

“All the more reason to teach her good manners,” I replied, though it was more for show. It
was hard to actually be annoyed by something as small and excitable as Tsuki, and even I
wasn’t petty enough to hold a grudge against a puppy.

“Kitten!”

I pulled a face at the command, but went, following Tsuki high enough in the trees that I
could keep an eye on both her and the surroundings. For a glaringly white fluff bomb she
managed to blend surprisingly well into the undergrowth - except, of course, for the times she
popped up to check I was following her, we’d have to work on that - but I was hardly going
to risk her by being overconfident.

When we were close enough, I dropped down and landed silently next to her.

“You found them,” I murmured. “Now hide here until I get back, ok?”

She danced in place, ears up and forward. “There’s only three. We can take them Kitten, you
and me, there’s only three of them.”

“Not without Sakura. Stay here - if I get in trouble, you need to run back and get help. We'll
take them later when the others are here.”

She huffed but relented, burrowing herself under a patch of leaves and telling me to hurry up
and not get caught. I tapped out an affirmative in sign code, only half mockingly, and took to
the trees again to circle round the other genin. The two boys out in front hadn’t noticed us yet
- or if they had, they were double bluffing - and from the jagged line on their headplate I
identified them as Kusagakure. I didn’t know much about Grass, other than that Orochimaru
had originally chosen one of their teams to infiltrate as, and for a moment I paused, uncertain.

The girl trailed behind, red haired, glasses. She was looking back to where Tsuki was hiding
and frowning, flicking an unsure glance up into the trees. I coiled my chakra in tighter, and
held still. Could she have sensed…?

Whatever she’d felt, she shook it off. Maybe she’d found Tsuki but thought she was an actual
dog, or an oversized caterpillar - there were plenty of creatures in the forest, and Tsuki was
small enough that it would be a stretch to mistake her for a genin. Though if the Grass
kunoichi actually was Orochimaru… No. No? No. Orochimaru wouldn’t dismiss something
that could be a summons. Or put up with the girl’s other two teammates; one of the boys
turned back to give a curt instruction, and she dutifully jogged a few steps to keep up. That,
combined with the fact that she was a sensor, meant she most likely took a support role. As
both the team’s early warning system and probably also weaker than the other two, it made
her the most obvious target.

I wrinkled my nose. Kunoichi didn’t have to be weaker. I was basing my assessment more on
her slightly hunched posture and acceptance of being ordered around rather than her gender,
and it didn’t stop her being the obvious target, but. It annoyed me.

The two boys looked eerily similar, both more heavily muscled than me but less than Sakura,
both with light armour and no visible way to tell what their specialisms were. One was
spinning a kunai round his finger, but that didn’t mean much except that he owned a kunai.

For the scroll, I saw at least eight potential hiding places. Any of them could have it.

“Ok,” Sakura said when Tsuki and I came back to report our findings, two sparrow-shaped
Naruto clones left to keep an eye on the Kusa team. “The most important thing is to split
them up. Sasuke, can you take the girl by yourself?”
“If I can keep her hands still, then almost certainly,” I said, nodding. She’d not had the build
for a close combat type, and if speed was her area I was fairly certain I had her beat - ninjutsu
would be the biggest danger to watch for. “If Naruto sets up traps I can kawarimi her into
them, it should be fine.”

“I’ll get her hands! I can jump up and bite them, it’ll be easy, she’ll never see me coming -”

“No, Tsuki-chan,” Sakura said. “You’re our tracker, your job is to keep watch while we fight,
not to get involved. Like you promised Pakkun, remember?”

“But Sakura-bitch -”

“No,” she repeated, firmly, dropping a hand onto Tsuki’s head to calm her. “We’re a pack,
Tsuki-chan. We all do our part, and being our tracker is important. I need to be able to rely on
you to do what I tell you so I can keep the whole pack safe, do you understand?”

As far as reprimands went it was about as mild as it got, but Tsuki whined miserably, her
back legs bent as she tried to curve her curled-up tail underneath her. “‘M sorry, Sakura-bitch.
I can do my job. I won’t fight. I promise.”

Over Sakura’s shoulder, Naruto was practically vibrating with the need to comfort her. She’s
a puppy, he mouthed to me, eyes shining, hands held up a fraction apart to indicate how tiny
and puppyish she was. Puppy, bastard. She’s so small.

You’re a wet blanket, I mouthed back, though it lacked any sting. Tsuki was, admittedly, very
small.

“I’m not cross,” Sakura soothed. “It’s ok.” She looked up at the two of us a bit helplessly,
clearly not sure how to proceed, then paused as she looked at me. “C’mon, Tsuki-chan,” she
said with a smile that was just this side of wicked, and I narrowed my eyes at her. “Are you
going to set a good example for Sasuke-kun for me? He sometimes runs into battles that are
too big for him too, you’ll have to show him how to be sensible.”

What. What. I hadn’t - which of us please was the one who just dissuaded the pompom from
trying to take on an entire team by ourselves? Battles that were - what.

“Cats are hopeless at following orders,” Tsuki agreed, perking up again. “Watch, Kitten. You
can do it.”

I made a strangled noise of protest. The other two just grinned at me like the idiots they were,
and resumed planning the ambush. I allowed myself a pissy glare, then very deliberately put
it out of mind and refocussed. Sakura had probably just said it to make Tsuki happy about
following orders. Because I didn’t have any problems with battles that were too big for me.
Obviously.

“You have wire?” Sakura asked Naruto. He shook his head sheepishly, but it wasn’t
unexpected - he very rarely carried gear given that he made almost everything he used out of
clones. I passed him a coil of mine with a raised eyebrow and he made a yeah yeah grimace
as he took it.
“I’ll pay you back,” he promised.

I bit back on the instinctive you don’t have to that I wanted to say. It was something I’d learnt
fairly early on in having Naruto to stay - he didn’t like having things if he hadn’t earned
them. It applied to more than just money and I could take a stab at guessing why, but I wasn’t
sure how to make him stop. It wasn’t impossible that he usually made wire out of clones
because he couldn’t afford to buy it.

Or because the shopkeepers overcharged him. Because they were Konoha and Konoha were
idiots. Mostly. I was keeping a list of exceptions.

“Just don’t let me get skewered,” I settled for saying. “If you leave me a clone to watch the
trap I’ll do the rest, original you should stay with Sakura. And Tsuki,” I added, as the little
dog puffed up at being left out.

Sakura pulled a face. “I don’t like not knowing how the two boys fight, but we’ll adapt as we
go. See if a clone-team can draw them out enough to show a weakness before we attack.”

“Plan,” Naruto agreed, and dispelled one of his sparrow clones to get the memories. “They’re
still going straight,” he said, pointing. “Not towards the tower though, so they probably only
have one scroll.”

“Let’s hope it’s the right one then,” she said, grinning in anticipation, and we took off in
pursuit.
                       Chapter 24: Chunin exam arc, part one: V
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The trap Naruto set was a simple one, and by the time we’d settled ourselves ahead of the
   Grass nin it was ready. I crouched on the branch, camouflage-henge blending me into the
   leaves, and watched them approach with my sharingan. It allowed me to predict their
   movements from far enough away that I could get into position without them noticing me,
   and I edged silently along the branches until I was directly above the route they were taking.
   Their sensor didn’t seem to have picked me up before, and Ino had confirmed that I was hard
   to spot, but it would be stupid to be overconfident.

   The boys passed me first. One, two, and I dispelled yet another orange clone to send a signal
   to Naruto and Sakura. Then, three - I dropped soundlessly out of the tree, landing squarely on
   the girl’s shoulders with a palm over her mouth and an elbow already hooking round her neck
   in a choke hold. She reached instinctively back to grab me but I shifted so I was pinning her
   arms against her sides with my knees, swinging us both down to the floor to knock her off
   balance as I did.

   I switched before we hit the ground, replacing the log Naruto had set up for me - because he
   was a traditionalist about kawarimi, apparently - and triggering a small explosion of black
   and orange wire to reach up for us. The orange was henged clones, but it would hold just as
   well as the real wire would unless she could get free enough to stab it. Which wouldn’t be
   easy for her; not only had I stolen her weapon pouch as I pushed her forward into the trap,
   but her arms and hands were bound so tightly that she could barely move them.

   “Got you,” the non-henged clone Naruto had left said triumphantly. I passed the weapon
   pouch to him (holy fuck it was satisfying to do that to someone else for once) and stepped up
   behind the genin, kunai held lightly against her throat.

   She twitched away from it, but wisely stilled as I pressed harder. I had a sudden flashback to
   Zabuza holding me in a similar position while I waited desperately for Kakashi to save me. It
   wasn’t a helpful flashback though, so I pushed it out of my mind.

   “What scroll do you have?” I asked, deliberately keeping my voice blank and uninterested.

   She didn’t answer. From what I could see of her expression I assumed she was glaring,
   though with the angle it was difficult to tell. I moved round to stand in front of her, changing
   my grip on the kunai to keep it digging in to her throat. The new angle allowed me to see her
   face and judge her reactions, and had an entirely unimportant side benefit of making me feel
   less like Zabuza while I threatened her.

   “Fine,” I said, gesturing at Naruto with a hand signal to keep quiet and let me talk. “What
   scroll do your teammates have?”
Still no answer. She glanced between us, eyes wide behind her glasses and subtly trying to
lean away from me. I sighed, feeling slightly over dramatic as I did so.

“Look, I’m trying to help you out here. If you have the same scroll as us, then there’s no
point in any of this. Or, if you’ve got the scroll, then I can let the others know to leave your
teammates alone. See?”

Her gaze went to Naruto and I let a deliberately cold smile flicker over my face. Interrogation
had never been my favourite class at the academy, but I’d still passed it - though I didn't need
it to follow her thinking. Two of us here, and teams were usually three which would leave
only one person going after the rest of her team, but on the other hand: “Konoha hunt in
packs,” I reminded her. I didn’t know if she’d noticed our Rookie Nine alliance earlier, but
even if she hadn’t we were famous for our teamwork. It was a decent bluff.

She hesitated, then clearly decided to go on the offensive. “Konoha’s weak,” she spat. “What
are you going to do, Leaf? I’ll attack you if you untie me. If you leave me tied up, you can’t
search me. Who the fuck designed this trap, it’s fucking useless.”

I suppressed a frown. Shit. She was, potentially, right - with so much wire wrapping round
her, she was effectively mummified. We could release the wire slowly enough to retie it in a
better position, but I wanted to get back to Sakura and the real Naruto.

Her anger was shifting to vicious confidence, and I was losing hold of the interrogation. I
could feel the clone Naruto hovering unsurely behind me, and wished, not for the first time,
that the original could as easily pass messages to his clones as they could to him. I ran
through plans - I was still fairly sure I could take her if it came down to taijutsu - and
gambled on playing safe.

“You’re right,” I told her. She was kneeling, and I dropped into a crouch to put myself on eye
level with her, resting the hand not holding the kunai on her head. “If we untie you, you
attack us. It’s a problem.” I closed my fingers, gripping her hair tightly enough to hurt and
silently apologising for it, and pulled to the side. “There’s an easy solution, though.” Without
breaking eye contact I moved the kunai in my other hand, switching the grip until the point
was resting against her throat and one twitch of my fingers would pull it through the artery in
her neck.

I didn’t feel like Zabuza anymore. The genin’s pulse was thundering, visibly fast, and her
eyes were wide with fear. Maybe her confidence had been bravado. I kept my own heartbeat
deliberately steady.

“You’re Konoha,” she said. “Konoha wouldn’t.”

“I’m Uchiha,” I corrected. Maybe my confidence was bravado. I didn’t know. I wasn't going
to kill her, I just had to make her think I was. I’d never actually killed anyone before. No - a
pig. I’d killed a pig. At the academy, we all had, it was part of the desensitisation training.
And chicken and rabbits and fish, but the pig was the big one. They’d made a day of it, taking
us to one of the farms just before the summer festival. The lady who ran the okonomiyaki
stall gave each of us a free pancake as a thank you for the pork. I was the only one who didn’t
eat mine. I swapped it with Chouji for a sugared apricot.
“So,” I continued, and my voice sounded distant and calm, more like Itachi’s than mine.
“We’re looking for a scroll. What do you have?”

Her stare was fixed on my face, darting between each of my eyes as though I’d suddenly
smile and tell her I was joking. I tracked each movement, and it was only when I accidentally
saw the shadow of the veins on the back of her retina that I realised I had my sharingan
active. That was fine though, I hadn’t taken the dark-eyes genjutsu off. It was fine.

“I don’t,” she said. “We were ambushed -”

“Lie,” I said, softly, almost apologetically. I could read it in the muscles of her face, tiny
giveaways so subtle that she’d never think to control them.

“Shigeri has -”

“Lie.”

“You can’t -”

“Lie.”

She was panting, sweat gathering at the edge of her hairline. I could see the whites of her
eyes stretching all round her iris. She was terrified. If I looked at her neck I could see the dent
in her skin where it stretched over the end of my kunai, distorting the outline of an oddly
bite-shaped scar.

“Kusa-san,” I said, gently, and now I sounded like Haku because Itachi had never been gentle
with me. “What scroll do you have?”

She whined, high in the back of her throat, and I could see the effort it took not to try and
shake me off. I waited, like marble, like stone, picturing Itachi’s ANBU mask over my face
so clearly I could practically feel it against my cheeks.

“Earth,” she finally said, “Earth, we have earth - please - it’s in my shirt, I swear, it’s earth, I
won’t attack you. I won’t.”

“Thank you,” I said in my Haku-voice. I couldn’t tell if she was lying anymore; there wasn’t
much point reading her involuntary muscle movements if all they were screaming was that
she thought she was going to die. “You’ve been very helpful, Kusa-san.”

I withdrew the kunai and spun it in my grip, slamming the blunt handle into her temple and
catching her body as it slumped forward. I laid her out with efficient movements and spun the
kunai again so I could use the blade to dispel the orange wire-clones, then looped my own
wire around my fingers to coil it.

“Bastard?” the Naruto clone said hesitantly from behind me. I’d forgotten he was there.

“One second,” I said, politely, and tugged open the front of the unconscious genin’s shirt,
careful not to expose her as I did so. The earth scroll was in a hidden pocket, exactly as she’d
said, and I checked the seal with my sharingan to make sure it wasn’t disguised before I
slipped it into my own pocket. “Can you let the others know we’ve got the scroll, please?” I
said, standing up and turning to face him.

Halfway there, I felt his arms close around me. I tensed, but he’d managed to trap me in a
position that I couldn’t stab him from, and he was holding too tight for me to kawarimi away.

“Not yet,” he said, dipping his head and trying to manoeuvre me so I was more closely
tucked against him. “I’m giving you a hug.”

“Naruto -”

“Hush,” he scolded. “You did good, bastard. Now be hugged.”

I hovered on the edge, but - it was Naruto. It was Naruto. I let everything out in a shuddering
breath, Haku and Itachi and Zabuza bleeding away as I leaned into him. His jacket was just as
soft from the outside as when I was wearing it, and I buried my face in his collar.

“I wasn’t going to kill her,” I mumbled.

His hand came up, curving round the back of my head. “I know you weren’t,” he said, and he
sounded so sure of it that I huffed a beat of strangled laughter, comforted and relieved and -
but then I remembered that good person meant something different to Konoha, and made a
muffled noise of protest.

“We’re ninja. Killing people is what we do.”

“Only if they deserve it,” he told me. “We’re gonna be heroes, remember?”

“Yeah.” Heroes. Team Seven, who saved the universe, but when Naruto said it it sounded
simple and straightforward and right in a way it never did in my head. “Yeah,” I said again,
and pushed back from him with a small smile. “Go tell the others I got the scroll, I’ll get her
somewhere safe.”

He paused before he went, but was evidently satisfied that I didn’t need another hug and
quirked a grin at me before dispelling himself. I turned back to the Kusa nin, surveying the
small clearing we were in with a critical eye. People didn’t usually stay unconscious for more
than a few minutes after a blow to the head, so I decided to hide her between the tree roots
rather than stashing her up in the branches. Some loose knots around her hands that shouldn’t
take her too long to work her way out of, her weapon pouch tucked out of reach but easy to
find, and a false surroundings genjutsu that would last until she woke up - she’d be fine.
Short of staking a guard around her there wasn’t much more I could do, and while Kusa
weren’t enemies they were hardly allies either.

I heard Sakura and Naruto coming before I saw them, barrelling through the forest with no
attempt at subtlety, Tsuki a white streak at their feet. I frowned, shifting to full alert; Naruto
should’ve got the message that I was fine, so unless one of them was hurt…?

I tried to subtly check Sakura for injuries when they landed, but she shook me off.

“You got the scroll?” she asked tersely, already turning to start running again.
“Safe,” I said, falling in behind her. “What’s happened?”

“Team Ten. Their clone dispelled, they need help.”



We landed on the edge of one of the more open areas of forest, the three of us crouched in the
lower branches while Tsuki circled the base of the tree. Naruto had been able to tell us that
they were facing a Sand team and that Chouji was already down, but beyond that we were
going in blind.

“What’s the plan?” he asked tersely, looking to Sakura.

“The plan is we get them out of there,” I said, leaning forward and fidgeting in place. We
were delaying. Chouji was unconscious with enemies around - and even if he’d woken up, he
wouldn’t be fighting at his best. Team Ten relied too much on teamwork. Ino and Shikamaru
were defenseless without him. We needed to go.

“Naruto, send clones forward with Tsuki-chan,” Sakura said. “Dispel them as soon as they
get close and tell me what’s happening. Tsuki-chan,” and she didn’t raise her voice but she
did tilt her head down, and Tsuki froze quivering in place to listen, “Take Naruto to the fight,
then stay hidden. If it looks like you’re going to get hurt, go back to the summon lands.
Understood?”

“Puppy, fight, hide. Understood!” She waited for the clones - tiny orange frogs - to hop down
and grip her fur, then disappeared into the undergrowth, nose to the ground and ears pricked
forwards to lock onto the sounds of the battle.

“I’ll go with them,” I said, already preparing to jump. “If I get to a safe place I can swap with
whoever’s most in danger -”

“No.” Sakura made a harsh motion with her hand to emphasise her point. “Putting yourself at
risk doesn’t help, it just makes another person in need of rescue.”

“But if they’re injured -”

“Not until we know who we’re fighting,”

I turned on her, sharingan flickering on-off in my agitation. “We’re wasting time,” I pressed.
They could be dying, and she wasn’t letting me save them, there was a time for caution but
now was surely not it.

She glared back, jaw clenching. Her chainsaw blades were out, I noticed, one of them still
bloodied from her recent battle. “We have to -”

“Ino’s got Chouji in the trees,” Naruto said, cutting across them. His eyes were closed,
moving rapidly behind his eyelids as he tried to make sense of the memories he’d just
received. “He’s out cold, but ok. I think. She’s bleeding - I can’t see clearly. Shikamaru’s on
the ground, he’s fighting. He doesn’t look hurt.”
“And Suna?”

“Shikamaru has the two guys in his shadow. The girl is using a jutsu, maybe wind? She’s
trying to make him free them.”

“Ok.” Sakura nodded, shifting in place as she made and discarded plans at lightning speed. I
crouched, gritting my teeth and willing her to think faster. “The girl’s on the ground?”

“Trees,” Naruto corrected.

“Fine. I’ll go underground, get at least one of the nin Shikamaru’s holding. Naruto, take the
kunoichi - use your wind to disrupt hers. Keep her away from Ino and Chouji, send clones to
protect them and follow Ino’s orders. Sasuke, target whoever you can with shuriken, but
focus on the other guy on the ground. I’ll take closest, you take furthest. If you can get
Shikamaru out without risking yourself then do, but wait for me to attack while his shadows
are still there.”

“Fab,” I said, and took off running. It was logical and it made sense; if the kunoichi was wind
natured, then my throwing things at her wouldn’t do much. On the other hand, if she was too
close to Ino and Chouji, or if she was succeeding in driving Shikamaru back, then I’d go after
her anyway - wire and genjutsu could easily make wind users vulnerable, and with the right
poison even a glancing scratch from a shuriken would be enough.

I got there only a few seconds before the other two, but Naruto’s clones were already there;
he’d unhenged the remaining frogs and sent them swarming up the trunk of a tree almost big
enough to be a Hashirama. Their target was a blond kunoichi, one who was dispatching the
clones with almost lazy waves of a wind-chakra fan and an amused smile.

I flicked my gaze down to Shikamaru to check he’d be ok for a second, catching on one of
the Suna nin - dark clothes, something large and bandage-wrapped on the ground beside him
- then to where Shikamaru was being -

I froze.

Shikamaru was being engulfed in sand. It was blocking his access to his shadows; in a second
the dark-clothed nin would be free, along with - I turned my head to the last Suna nin.

Gaara.

Now that I knew he was there, I could feel his chakra, coarse and rough against my skin. It
was aimed at Shikamaru, not at me, but it was also big enough that it spilled out over the
whole area, and I pulled my own chakra deeper inside my skin to escape it. That and the time
I’d spent hesitating cost me my few seconds lead over the other two though, and Sakura and
Naruto exploded onto the scene, Sakura leaping out of the earth a fraction in front of Kankuro
with a punch landing squarely in his solar plexus, and Naruto and several more clones
appearing around Temari in a cloud of bunshin smoke.

The sand closed around Shikamaru enough that he lost his grip on Gaara, and Gaara shook
himself as he regained control of his limbs. He didn’t need them, not for his sand, but he still
raised a hand and started curling his fingers into a fist. In front of him Shikamaru was trying
to blast himself out with an earth jutsu of some sort. The sand was up to his waist, creeping
over his chest and reforming wherever he tried to cut it away.

And, maybe, just slightly, I panicked. Kawarimi was out because sand, genjutsu wouldn’t
work because sand, couldn’t attack Gaara because fucking sand - which left one thing in my
arsenal, my safety blanket that I could do in my sleep with one handseal and an icecube of
water chakra:

“Bubblehead no jutsu!”

Look. I panicked.

I also dropped directly onto Shikamaru’s shoulders and slammed the dog seal onto the top of
his head, blowing hard enough that the bubble of solid water chakra encompassed not only
his face but also most of his rib cage. It pushed against the sand, trying to force it back with
the power of my single lungful of air, and I kept blowing until the entire of Shikamaru’s torso
was covered with a shimmering chakra barrier.

“Sasuke?” he said, the word coming out garbled through the jutsu.

“Shallow breaths,” I told him, only vaguely hysterically. “You’ve got ninety seconds, Nara.
Don’t waste them.”

The sand was already testing the edges of the barrier. Hell. There was, maybe, a centimetre of
air between Shikamaru’s skin and death by Shukaku, and a bubble was the only thing in the
way. Hell.

“You said I could kill people,” Gaara accused, sounding miffed.

I stared at him. Sakura, who appeared to have put her fist through Kankuro’s puppet and was
now forcing him to the ground with his arm nearly dislocated, stared at me. Naruto and
Temari were behind, I don’t know what they did, but the sudden silence was suspicious.

Gaara raised his chin belligerently. “Mother wants his blood. His death will prove I’m alive.”

Under my knees, Shikamaru’s shoulders were barely rising and falling with each breath. I
scrambled to understand what Gaara was talking about and came up with the memory of
crawling out the river and being involuntarily subjected to his backstory.

“I said you could kill people I didn’t like,” I said slowly, eyeing Gaara warily and trying to
work out what I’d do when this conversation broke down.

“You don’t like him. I saw you before the exam. He sucks and he’s a bitch and you detest
him.”

“Oh my god,” Shikamaru mumbled.

Honestly, I agreed with him. I didn’t know which bit was worse - that Gaara was watching
that closely, that he’d picked out Shikamaru as a target because I’d insulted him - fuck, had
he deliberately tracked Team Ten down? Or was it chance, and he’d picked Shikamaru out as
the lucky winner of a sand coffin because I’d already warned him off Chouji? Hell, maybe he
was just after the scroll. You’d’ve thought he would’ve got one by now, but who knew. Who
knew? I didn’t know. Holy fuck.

A slight pressure brought me back to the present, like dry heat and sandpaper against my
skin. Gaara was flaring his chakra again, growing more frustrated the longer it took me to
answer, and there was a limit to how far I could draw mine back to escape it. The others were
still silent, Kankuro and Temari staring at Gaara, Sakura and Naruto - I assumed, I didn’t take
my eyes of Gaara to check - staring at me. Which wasn’t necessary. I mean. In fairness to
them, I was casually talking to an enemy with an overpowered attack that had very nearly
killed Shikamaru, but in fairness to me, Gaara was being weird, so.

Also in fairness to me I’d’ve struggled to tell anyone about the late night conversation we’d
had about love and who he was allowed to kill without also admitting that I’d been out late at
night impersonating ANBU and lying to the Kazekage. So.

“Gaara,” I started, then floundered. “Gaara, that’s not - no. That’s. I mean, I did say that, but
also, no.”

He gave me one of the most impressive bitch-faces I’ve ever seen. The black eyes really
highlighted the prissy factor. “You make no sense,” he complained.

“No, I know. Um.” I had a wild idea for how to solve this, but also very little belief that it
would actually work. Still, the bubblehead was running out of time, and I couldn’t think of
anything else, so…?

“I like him,” I said. Then fought the urge to curl up and die, because wow, that sounded
direct. “He’s ok. I mean. As a friend. -Ly acquaintance. Look, you can kill people, but you
can’t kill him. Or anyone else on his team. Or my team. Or the other team we were hanging
out with. Or the team with the person in green spandex.”

Was that everyone? Oh.

“You can’t kill my sensei either, he has really bad hair and only one eye. Most of the time.”

He frowned at me unhappily. “Anyone else?” he asked sourly. “Is all of Konoha off limits?”
It wasn’t asked in the tone of voice of someone ready and willing to comply, and also I
wasn’t actually that fussed, so I waved him off.

“No, Konoha’s fine,” I said. “I only care about parts of it.”

In the background, Naruto made a strangled sound. Oops. I should maybe not let him dwell
on that.

“Deal?” I offered, and held out my hand. I’d vanished the kunai first, but he still flinched
back from it, sand rising defensively around him, and I blinked. “It’s a handshake,” I said,
confused. Did they not shake hands in Sand? I knew he grew up isolated, but he must still
have watched other people. He just continued looking at my hand warily though, so I
awkwardly transitioned into rubbing the back of my neck in a gesture shamelessly copied
from Naruto. Given that my usual array of body language was developed for the purpose of
avoiding straightforwardly honest conversations like this, Naruto’s would have to do.

The motion of it tilted my head down enough to realise that Shikamaru’s breathing had
moved from suppressed-in-the-face-of-danger to suppressed-because-where-the-fuck’s-the-
oxygen, and I remembered the time limit with a sudden start. “Deal later,” I said, hopping off
his shoulders in agitation. “Can you just let him go for now? He’s running out of air.”

“I’m not killing him,” Gaara pointed out. “If he dies now, he’ll validate your existence, not
mine.”

Should I just cancel the bubble anyway? The sand was level with his chin, and I could feel it
pressing against my chakra. If I dropped it, would Gaara stop before he was crushed? This
would be a lot easier to predict if I knew why Gaara was so insistent on talking to me.

“I validate in other ways,” I said. Fuck it. Being demanding had worked before. “Now,
Gaara.”

And being demanding worked again: the sand hovered in place for another long second then
retreated, and I practically slammed the inverse dog seal into Shikamaru’s chest to release
him. He gasped, shoulders heaving as he fought to breathe, and I tucked myself under his arm
to keep him upright.

“Wait,” Temari said. “That’s it? You’re letting him go?”

I was looking at Shikamaru rather than Gaara so I missed what expression he made, but his
voice was cold when he replied.

“Enough. We’re done here.” The sandy feeling of his chakra returned, pressing in hard
enough that Shikamaru flinched, and I glanced at Gaara quizzically. He was glaring up at the
trees - presumably at Temari - and his expression was drawn and dark.

He looked, oddly enough, like a deranged killer with a demon inside him who hadn’t got a
decent night’s sleep in his entire life and was liable to go on a murder spree. Not because it
would bring him joy. Just. Because.

… Ok, Sakura and Naruto’s silent staring made a lot more sense now. It was easy to
remember in theory that Gaara was unstable before Naruto saved him, but it was a lot harder
to keep in mind when he was being so damn talkative.

“Kankuro,” he said sharply, turning to walk away. Temari leapt down to follow him, idly
reaching back to crush whatever small orange thing Naruto’s clone had henged into to try and
hide on her back, and Sakura stepped back to let Kankuro go.

He rubbed his shoulder, glaring at her as he collected Karasu. Sakura, to my surprise, didn’t
glare back. She was shaking, knuckles white, muscles frighteningly tense. Gaara’s chakra, I
realised. It felt bad to people who weren’t chakra-blind. Shikamaru, half slumped over my
shoulder for support, was equally out of commission - though when I glanced up to the tree I
saw that Naruto was up with Ino and Chouji, crouching in front of them and frowning
unhappily down at Gaara.

He didn’t seem affected, at least.

Team Eight, also - I hadn't noticed them arrive but they were loosely arrayed behind him, and
though they were warily still, they didn’t seem quite as frozen as Sakura and Shikamaru did.
They were quite high up, though.

There was a long silence after the Sand siblings left. I busied myself with setting Shikamaru
down against a tree, checking him for injuries and refusing to make eye contact. I may, in a
roundabout way, have nearly got him killed by insulting him before the exam. It was too
bizarre to make me feel guilty or responsible, but awkward, awkward I could definitely
manage.

“What,” he finally croaked, “the fuck.”

“Um,” I replied eloquently, and decided to splint his ankle. It wasn’t broken. Probably not
even sprained. Just badly bruised, pretty much that entire leg was, and the splint wasn’t really
necessary. I just. Wanted to do something with my hands.

“Sasuke,” Sakura said, voice tight with - something, and I hunched my shoulders and kept
wrapping bandages round his leg. They needed to be tight enough to keep pressure on it for
the bruises. Maybe I should take the splint out, splints weren’t actually useful for bruising,
and though the bandages were from my supplies the splint was a stick that happened to be on
the ground. It probably wasn't straight enough to help anyway.

“How’s Chouji?” I asked instead. “Akimichi, sorry. And Yamanaka. Naruto said she was
bleeding.”

Ino snorted in the background, close enough that she must’ve dropped down from the tree
while I was distracted. “You like us enough to talk that guy down for us, you call us by our
first names,” she said, in a way that allowed no room for argument. “Geez, when Chouji said
you told him off last time - shit, Sasuke-kun. How the hell. Can you teach me?”

“Um,” I said again, and tried subtly to look under my arm and see if she was dodging the
bleeding question because she was on the verge of dying or because it wasn’t important. She
rolled her eyes and shifted her grip on Chouji to lift the hem of her top and show a crude but
effective gauze patch fixed over her side.

“Sasuke,” Sakura repeated. I finished the bandage off with the neatest, most precise tucked-
under ends that I could, and wondered if I should apply a second layer. Shikamaru rolled his
eyes at me and kicked my knee gently with his other foot to push me off. He seemed steadier
now, though still pale and shaken.

“Sorry for suffocating you,” I said, fingers twisting together awkwardly now I’d run out of
first aid to keep them busy. “I panicked, it was the only thing I could think of.”

“No worries,” he said dryly. “I frequently use assassination jutsus on people when I panic.”
I opened my mouth to deny that’s what it was, then faltered and closed it again. It… kind of
was, actually. When used on another person like that. Huh. “Oh,” I said instead.

He kicked me again, and I looked up. “Thank you,” he said, holding my gaze in a way that
was uncomfortably sincere. “Now go talk to your team.”

I pulled a face on instinct. “Stop telling me what to do. You’re still not my team leader.”

“No,” Sakura said from behind me. “That would be me. What part, please, of get Shikamaru
out without risking yourself did you fail to understand.”

And maybe, I’d been keeping secrets. Maybe I felt guilty about that - even though I hadn’t
done it on purpose. Maybe I’d gone off-plan in a way that, against any other enemy, would
potentially have been disastrous. But maybe also it had turned out fine?

“The part where I figured it was more important to save his life?” I suggested sarcastically,
turning to face her with a belligerent scowl. “It worked, didn’t it? Everyone’s fine. What’s the
problem?”

“You can’t keep putting yourself in danger like that!”

“We’re ninja!” You’re also twelve. Shikamaru’s twelve! I got that she was scared, but that
didn’t give her carte blanche to take it out on me - hell, the only reason she was team leader
in the first place was because I’d given her the position back when we started out.

No, that was unfair. She’d more than earned the role since then. But still. I had more
important things to think of, and it wasn’t like I’d asked Gaara to take an interest in me.

“Bastard, he was dangerous,” Naruto cut in, standing between us and shooting Sakura a
quelling look. “You know that, right? He was… He wasn’t a normal genin.”

I glared, then ran what he said through my head again and faltered. Was Naruto - was he
fumbling his way through warning me off Gaara because he was a jinchuuriki? But. Naruto
was a jinchuuriki. My confusion must’ve shown on my face because Sakura gave a bitter huff
of laughter.

“He didn’t know,” she said, I’m not sure who to. “He didn’t know. Of course he didn’t
know.”

“I knew,” I defended. I looked to Naruto for support, but he was biting his lip and fighting not
to look - I don’t know. Sad. Frustrated? He was doing too good a job of fighting for me to
guess. “Oh for fuck’s sake,” I hissed, sitting back on my knees. “What’ve I screwed up now.”

“You haven’t screwed up,” Naruto promised. “You just worried us. The Suna nin was sending
killing intent at you and you just kept talking to him.”

“Because you have no survival instinct,” Sakura moaned behind him, tugging on her braid.
“Because I look away for one damn second and now you’ve made friends with someone else
who’s trying to kill you.”
“He wasn’t going to kill me,” I protested. She didn’t seem to notice.

“What, are you going to kawarimi into certain death for this one too? Should I commission
an entry on the memorial stone? Uchiha Sasuke, this dumb fuck saw a snail be sad and offed
himself -”

“Sakura,” Naruto hissed. She threw her hands up in a universal gesture of fuck this shit I’m
out and stormed off to angrily inspect a bush. I left her to it and turned back to Naruto.

“Shikamaru didn’t die,” I said, fighting to keep my voice level. “Ino and Chouji didn’t die.
Shall we ask them if I did the right thing?”

“Hey,” Shikamaru protested from where he was still leaning against the tree next to me. “I
appreciate the first name, but this is a Team Seven thing.”

I shifted my glare to him and he shrugged innocently and without any remorse. Taking my
eyes off Naruto though was a mistake, because it gave him time to be heartbreakingly sad in
my general direction.

I double took. “What?”

“Bastard,” he started, but stopped as both Shikamaru and I shifted to subtle high alert. Over
his shoulder, Sakura had stood up from the bush, fingers tapping out an alarmed enemy
imposter enemy imposter on her thigh. I caught the briefest flash of white fur - Tsuki. I hadn’t
realised she was still here; she must’ve stayed hidden the whole time.

“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about Gaara,” I said levelly, signing back received and where.
Shikamaru was wounded - and also understood the Konoha tap-sign - so it was unlikely to be
him, and I challenged anyone to impersonate Naruto. “I honestly didn’t think it was that big a
deal when Chouji and I met him. I told him not to attack and he didn’t, same as this time.”
Chouji was conscious now, but woozy, leaning against Shikamaru to stay sat up; that could
easily be a cover for someone not sure how he usually acted. Ino had picked up Shikamaru’s
tension and not so subtly moved into a ready position, one I recognised from her training
with us.

“Yeah, but the killing intent,” Naruto returned, equally levelly, lifting his arms to cross them
behind his head.

He really needed a less obvious tell for when he was making clones.

But if the imposter wasn’t in Team Seven or Team Ten, that left Team Eight; Shino and
Hinata were hanging back, as usual, Kiba was hovering awkwardly near Ino and Chouji with
Akamaru in his customary position on his head. Could byakugan see through henge? If
Hinata hadn’t spotted the change, did that mean it was her?

Eight, Sakura signed, trying to nonchalantly move to a better position. Great. Really helpful.

But Shino had his bugs, and Kiba had Akamaru - any of them would be able to spot the
imposter. If one of us had been swapped, maybe, because they wouldn’t know us that well
but how the hell would you slip a fake into their team?

You didn’t. You took the whole team.

“I don’t feel killing intent,” I said distractedly, still - barely - keeping up the charade of the
conversation with Naruto. “Not really a thing for me.”

“You don’t feel -”

Sakura burst out the ground under Hinata, the her that was edging round behind dissolving
into an illusion bunshin. She slammed her fist into Hinata’s stomach, chainsaws spinning, and
the rest of us took that as our cue.

Left I signed to Naruto, darting between fake-Shino and fake-Hinata. Without knowing who
we were fighting there was nothing to tell us who the best match up for who was, but
Naruto’s clones were better placed for fake-Kiba and fighting fake-Shino put me closer to
Sakura; with any luck she’d dispatch the Hinata replacement and take over the close quarters
so I could fall back and provide support.

Though from the way Hinata was twisting bonelessly around Sakura’s punches, luck didn’t
seem to be much on our side. I vaguely registered Ino darting in to help her and Shikamaru’s
shadow shooting forward to hold Shino, but narrowed my concentration and left the others to
their own fights. I had to trust that they’d be ok, or that they’d shout if they needed me; I
couldn’t afford to be distracted.

My first taijutsu attack was fast, kunai in my fist and just enough of a henge over me to blur
my movements. Between that and Shikamaru, Shino didn’t even have chance to dodge - my
fist went straight through his windpipe, kunai tearing at his neck as it went. I had a second of
horrified disgust, then had to scramble back as the mud he was made of tried to reform
around my wrist and hold me in place.

“Clone,” I hissed, landing in a crouch out of reach. “I fucking hate clones.” Naruto got a pass
for being Naruto, everyone else who used clones could go die in a ditch and I’d happily spit
on their remains. I hadn’t come across an earth clone before, but if it could survive having its
throat torn out - decapitation maybe? Kunai were too short, I didn’t have a big enough
weapon for that. “Naruto!” I said, dodging the miniature geyser of mud that Shino shot at me
from the dripping mess that used to be his arm. “I need a - hnnk.”

My hands flew up to my neck. It was like an electric shock almost, powerful enough to make
my muscles seize up in pain. My jaw clenched shut and my heart raced; I hadn’t seen the
clone do anything, but this felt like a paralysis jutsu and they usually needed contact so how -
fuck, the bug, Shino put a tracker bug on me when we split up. Had he already been swapped
out then? No. He couldn’t have been. Could he?

“Ino,” I choked out, fighting against the paralysis. She had the other bug. “Ino, the - rkk.”

“That’s enough of that,” fake-Kiba said pleasantly, dropping an arm round my shoulders. I
pulled on my chakra, reaching up behind me with a tendril of it and trying to dislodge the bug
- fake bug, it had to be another fake. “As fascinating as this is, I think we have better things
to do. Don’t you, Sasuke-kun?”

Got it. I ripped it out from under my collar and delivered a vicious kick to Kiba’s knee,
kawariming out of reach as soon as I was free. It was a messy landing with my muscles still
shaking from the aftershocks, but it gave me a breather to assess the battle. Shikamaru had
Shino in his shadow; Sakura and Ino together were still fighting Hinata, though from the mud
that had replaced half her torso she was another clone. Naruto was occupied with Akamaru,
or what used to be Akamaru; the little dog had stretched and grown, almost like a giant -
snake. Giant snake.

“Manda,” I whispered to myself, and looked at the fake-Kiba with new, wide eyes.
“Orochimaru.”

“I was wondering when you’d spot me,” he said, delighted. “I’m fascinated. Did you learn
the name of every boss summons, or are we snakes just special?”

I couldn’t answer. I couldn’t think. Team Ten were already hurt. Chouji was barely conscious,
with only a wounded Shikamaru between him and the battle. Team Eight were - dead? Things
I should’ve seen were racing through my head; Kiba had been Orochimaru from the
beginning, from when we first entered the forest and I hadn’t noticed. I hadn’t - Hinata and
Shino literally never spoke and I hadn’t noticed. Stupid. Stupid. I’d known I shouldn’t have
involved them, I’d known it wasn’t safe and I did it anyway, I let Naruto and Sakura talk me
into staying with them to keep them safe and now they were - it was Orochimaru -

I didn’t have time for recriminations. I didn’t have time to think of a new plan either, so I
defaulted to my original one. Dark eyes genjutsu on, sharingan activate, look away, find the
furthest thing I could see and latch onto it -

“Don’t tell me you’re the sort to run,” Orochimaru said, frowning in distaste. “After all that
time spent profiling you, now you’re trying to prove me wrong? I pretended to be a teenage
boy for you Sasuke-kun, the least you could do is appreciate it.”

I frequently pretended to be a teenage boy but you didn’t see me looking for approval. I
crouched as subtly as I could, trying to time myself so he wouldn’t be able to duck.

“Sasuke,” Shikamaru said urgently, darting a glance between me and Orochimaru. “Don’t -”

I jumped. Orochimaru leant back, spine bending more than a spine ought to do so he could
slide under me, but that was fine; I twisted, pulling myself towards him with my chakra arms
and changing my trajectory mid air. I gave myself just enough time to grip onto him when we
collided then kawarimid, and again when we landed, and again to get as far away as possible,
tearing blindly through the forest and swapping with the first thing I could see.

He twisted away from me before I could switch a fourth time and I staggered back,
lightheaded from the strain but still desperate enough for a last switch of just me. It wasn’t
far; I landed high up in the trees, but close enough that I could easily see him even without
my sharingan. I covered myself in the most complete false-surroundings I could spare the
chakra for then hunkered down against the bark and focussed on catching my breath as
quietly as I could.

Down on the ground, Orochimaru laughed.

“To think,” he said in a musing, high-pitched voice that was clearly designed to carry. “I
almost dismissed you, Sasuke-kun. No sharingan, no flashy skills - you’ve done a remarkable
job of blending yourself into the background. You know, I almost believed you were the
weakest member of your team? Such a disappointment. All that potential, wasted on someone
with no drive to improve.”

I couldn’t help but flinch at that. Being unremarkable enough that Orochimaru had almost
ignored me was what I’d been aiming for, but wasting potential hit too close to my fears of
what Danzo would think of me. The tightrope between the two felt like an impossible line to
walk at the best of times, and just then I had the sinking suspicion I’d failed both sides.

“But that’s not your style, is it Sasuke-kun?” he continued. He sounded closer; I didn’t move
to check. The false surroundings should hide me either way, but it’d hide me better if I helped
it out, and movement was easy to spot. I didn’t need it to hold for a long, I just - a moment, I
just needed a moment. My chakra was shaky, bitingly jagged and hard to control, I just
needed my thoughts to stay still for a second so I could hold onto it and kawarimi out. It
would be easier if I dropped the genjutsu but the genjutsu was the only thing keeping me
safe, so I’d have to find a way to do both, which I could, I just - just give me a moment -

“I have to commend you; the way you removed my genin from the written exam was
impressive. Not flawless, I could make you so much more, but… Impressive.” His voice
moved, switching suddenly to the other side and further away. A trick? Or had he moved that
fast? “You’ll have to tell me who taught you. Was it the same person who warned you I was
coming? Your brother was good at genjutsu, but something tells me you wouldn’t accept his
help. Who are you hiding, Sasuke-kun?”

Go away, I begged.

“And you stared down a jinchuuriki! I can’t decide - impressive again? Or foolish? You don’t
feel killing intent, you don’t feel fear…” I sensed the movement of air a second before his
jutsu tore through my tree and threw myself into a panicked kawarimi again to escape. It cost
me my illusion and I barely had chance to reorientate myself or work out where I’d gone
before the ground reached up to snare my feet; I leapt, dodging that and spinning under the
sword that rose to block me. Another kawarimi - my eyes were hurting, I should turn the
sharingan off but if I did I wouldn’t be able to react in time but if I didn’t I’d run my chakra
dangerously low - and I dodged again, then gambled and came in fast, lashing out with a
wire-wrapped shuriken in an attempt to clear an escape path -

The shuriken scored a deep slash across fake-Kiba’s chest, and Orochimaru burst out of it,
pinning me against a tree and winding me in the same movement as his disguise dissolved
into mud behind him. I brought my feet up in an immediate reaction to kick him off and
swallowed a scream of frustration at the snakes that tangled around them, dragging them
down and holding them in place.
“But you know, you need fear, Sasuke-kun,” he continued as if he hadn’t been interrupted.
“How will you ever activate your eyes without it?”

“I was planning not to,” I spat. The fact that I currently had my eyes activated, with only a
thin layer of genjutsu between them and someone who very much wanted to take them from
me - or, worse, take me with them - was something I couldn’t afford to think about just then.

Orochimaru hummed, ignoring me. “Perhaps I can help,” he said, retrieving my shuriken
from where it was stuck in his chest and not even twitching as it came loose. “Fear is just a
combination of chemicals in the brain, it can’t be too hard to mimic it.”

“What -” I struggled, but his grip was too firm and there was nothing I could do to stop him
lifting the shuriken to my face. He held it delicately, almost like a calligraphy brush, and
pressed one of the sharp points into the soft skin under my eye. I reared back instinctively,
slamming my eyes closed and deactivating my sharingan.

“Hush,” he chided. “You get one, I get one, we’ll see who activates it first. I can even give it
back when we’re done, make sure you’ve got a matching set.”

“No,” I said, forcing my head back into the tree to frantically try to get away. It didn’t work
and his fingers tugged insistently at my eyelids to open them, the shuriken digging in deep
enough to split the skin and make me bleed. “No, no nonono -” It was going to, the pressure,
he was -

“Mother felt your fear,” a new voice said, and Orochimaru leapt back to avoid the wall of
sand that tried to crush him. I tore myself free of the tree, only noting the snakes that had
been holding me as much as I needed to escape them, kawariming up to the branches in a
ragged, panicky switch.

“Oh god,” I gasped, huddled in as tight a ball as I could make with my face pressed into my
knees and my arms crossed firmly over my head. “Oh god, oh my god.” I might have been
crying, but it was hard to tell if the stinging was from tears or from the residual pain of
Orochimaru nearly - of my eye - “No no no Aniki, you weren’t meant to let this happen, oh
my god.”

I couldn’t stop though. Crying was for people who weren’t a handful of metres away from a
jinchuuriki-sannin showdown, and I honestly didn’t know if Gaara would even win. Nor did I
know how far away he’d been or why he’d decided to come and investigate, maybe he’d
stayed close after I’d sent him away earlier, maybe I’d accidentally brought Orochimaru to
him with my wild switches to get him away from my team.

It didn’t matter. I was letting my brain run away with the question as a distraction because I
didn’t want to uncurl from my safety position just yet, but having my arms over my head
wasn’t actually going to do anything to protect me. I counted my breaths against my
heartbeat enough to ascertain that both were going too fast, but at least breathing in for four
beats gave me enough oxygen to get a grip, and unfolded myself.

Gaara and Orochimaru were almost directly below me. I hadn’t even been hidden, just far
enough over their heads to be out of their way. The ground was strewn with a puddled mix of
sand and water, some of it still sluggishly moving as Gaara tried to control it. He was
standing his ground though, more sand swirling round him from his gourd and his face
impassive as he alternated blocking Orochimaru’s mud attacks and sending sand bullets of
his own back.

“As fascinating as this is,” Orochimaru said, sounding annoyed for the first time, “I’m afraid
I’m not a fan. Demons are just messy.”

He held a hand out, palm up with the fingers splayed, and lit each fingertip with a flare of
chakra. I leant forward, panic pushed aside by a new fear as I recognised the movement as
priming a seal.

“Gaara, move! You can’t block that!”

He didn’t answer and he didn’t move, but his sand did start rising up to encase him in a
protective sphere. Too slow, and Orochimaru was already darting in; I had a brief moment to
despair and be thankful at least that no one from Team Seven was there to watch me make
exactly the same stupid mistake again but if Orochimaru messed with Gaara’s seal enough to
let Shukaku out then I was dead anyway and at least dead was better than -

I switched. Gaara stumbled as he was forcibly relocated to the tree, and I landed low and
already running to get away, but Orochimaru was faster. His hand slammed into my left
elbow, leaving that entire arm numb. Gaara’s sand closed around me a second later,
completing his spherical shield and barely missing crushing Orochimaru’s arm as it did so. It
buried my legs, my hips, sand pouring in around me in an impenetrable barrier that I couldn’t
kawarimi out of even if I tried.

So I didn’t. You can’t keep throwing yourself into danger and be surprised when there are
consequences.

Maybe I could’ve fought it. Forced it back with a bubble. Immolation jutsu, raised my body
temperature so much I melted the sand to glass and hoped Gaara backed off before I set
myself on fire. Yelled at him. But.

You can’t keep throwing yourself into danger. You can’t keep panicking like you’re limitless,
like you won’t run dry if you burn everything being afraid. Inside the sand where there was
no way out it felt pointless. It was just a waste of energy. What’s the point of trying if there’s
nothing you can do.

The sand was at my waist.

“Yeah,” I said with a bitter laugh, lifting my right hand to rest against it. My left was hanging
uselessly; I couldn’t move it, or feel the sand against it. “I don’t know what I expected
either.”

I hated being a ninja sometimes. A lot of the time. The training was fun, d-ranks were ok, I
was glad I had my team.
  But being a ninja was a constant battle between saving myself or saving other people, there
  were no right choices and the wrong ones hurt, and I hated it.

  I hated it.



Chapter End Notes



    Sakura: are you going to kawarimi into certain death for this one too
    Sasuke: no but actually yes
                      Chapter 25: Chunin exam arc, part one: VI
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I liked sand. There was a garden behind the family shrine, not very big, walled off in a quiet
   courtyard. The back porch of the shrine overlooked it, and I used to sit on the edge with my
   knees through the railings and my legs dangling into space, curling my toes and daring my
   sandals to fall off my feet. That had sand. It wove between miniature rocky mountains and
   carefully pruned trees to mimic the Naka river, and the lines the rake left in it looked like
   ripples along the surface of the water.

   I don’t know how long I spent in Gaara’s sand coffin. It didn’t crush me; the sand got as far
   up as my waist and stayed there, pressing against my back enough to keep me upright but
   leaving free space in front of me. When I rested my hand on it I could feel it moving, shifting
   restlessly, but it never came in closer, and if there was anything still going on outside I
   couldn’t tell. Not that I tried particularly hard.

   “You can’t use all sand for a garden,” I said, continuing with the story. “Not unless it’s inside.
   It blows away. You have to use gravel as well. And there’s no flowers. Flowers die, that’s not
   what the garden’s for, so you have moss and trees. But little trees. Otherwise they look
   wrong.”

   I poked a finger at the wall in front of me. My left hand was still unresponsive, so I
   awkwardly used my right to try and trace a picture. Ninja had to be ambidextrous enough to
   use weapons, but I’d never trained it to draw.

   “It’s the mountain,” I said when I was finished. “Before they carved faces in it. They changed
   its shape to make space for the things they wanted to build, but the one in the garden still
   looks like it used to.” At least, it did in my memory; I hadn’t been back to the shrine much.
   The trees were probably too big for the scene they were mimicking and I doubted the sandy
   gravel was as white as I remembered anymore, but. My garden was closer. I liked my
   flowers, even if they weren’t as enduring and eternal as a rock garden was meant to be. They
   were colourful.

   The sand started pulling back and I gripped onto it instinctively. It paused and I let go,
   shaking my head at myself. “Sorry. You don’t have to stay. I mean - I should go. The others
   are probably looking for me.”

   I couldn’t hide forever. I had to be a ninja again, be the last Uchiha again. Face the fact that
   life went on and surviving one near-death experience didn’t mean there wouldn’t be others,
   that for all I knew Orochimaru would be waiting to resume as soon as I stepped out to meet
   him. Face my team again after I split from them when they told me not to, after I missed that
   Kiba was Orochimaru and screwed up and put them all in danger.

   I didn’t even know if they’d survived facing Manda. They had to have. Had Team Eight? I
   didn’t want to think about it. Sakura had already been pissed at me for Gaara. No, that wasn't
fair - she hadn’t been pissed, she’d been worried. Not that that changed things much, and
selfishly, I wished they wouldn’t care. Let me be a fuck up in peace. Stop making me feel bad
about it.

I bit my lip, forcing the unhelpful thoughts away. “I’m ok,” I said, pushing gently against the
sand until it started receding again. “I promise.”

He hesitated, but then the sand seemed to drain out, the sphere around me melting away until
I was just standing in a forest with Gaara staring blankly at me. Orochimaru was nowhere to
be seen; I wondered if he’d backed off immediately after Gaara ‘crushed’ me, or if they’d
continued fighting while I was in the sand. Now that Orochimaru had shown he wanted me to
activate my sharingan before giving me a curse seal, I didn’t really care. I’d kept my eyes
hidden this far. Nearly hadn’t kept them, but. Kept them hidden just fine.

“Thanks,” I said, at a loss for anything else to say. I felt like I should add more, but didn’t
know what so I settled for an awkward wave and turned to go. I had a vague idea of what
direction I’d come from during the panicked kawarimi-fuelled escape, hopefully Naruto and
Sakura wouldn’t have strayed too far from where I left them.

“You’re not afraid anymore,” Gaara said suddenly. I looked back at him blankly, not sure
what I was meant to say to that. He frowned, tilting his head as though working through a
puzzle. “Because I didn’t kill you. But you weren’t afraid of me before, and I was going to
kill you then.”

I laughed before I could stop myself, a brief and bitter sort of laugh that made me shake my
head at the universe’s dark humour. “Glad to hear it,” I said dryly. Something about the fact
that I’d just been rescued by someone who was broken enough that he didn’t know if he
wanted to kill me or not was just so damn funny. I’d been so relieved to see him, and he had a
history of trying to murder me. Hell, if I remembered right I’d only survived meeting him
that first night because I’d kawarimid to the bottom of a river, and now I’d shared parts of my
family with him that I’d never shown to other people. I don’t think I talked to Plushie-tan
even about the shrine and visiting it with my mum.

“So why were you afraid?” he continued, doggedly pursuing whatever point he was trying to
make. “You said you’d tell me what it was later. It’s later. Tell me.”

God, did I? People who remembered conversations needed to chill the fuck out.

“It’s not always about someone trying to kill you,” I said, feeling the pressure to try and
explain this right. If Gaara was going to pay attention to what I said, I needed to at least
attempt to make sense. “He was going to keep me alive.”

“But people want to be alive.”

I shook my head, distracted by my thoughts. “I mean, yes, but. When you die you stop, it’s
not the only bad thing people can do to you. But that’s the big picture, the reason I was scared
then was…” I hunched in on myself, subconsciously cradling my bad arm closer. There was
something horrible about this conversation, like being naked and exposing my weak points,
and I wasn’t sure why I kept going except that Gaara had asked me to. “... I was scared
because I couldn’t fight back,” I admitted. “I had no control, and I couldn’t stop it. I couldn’t
keep myself safe.”

He was silent for a minute as he thought through that, and I kept my gaze on the leaf litter
and deliberately forced my thoughts quiet. I already knew why I was scared. It was why I
needed my brother, why my first plan for the forest had always been to speedrun it and get
back to Kakashi, and there was no point going over it again in my head.

“Could you stop me?”

I shook my head again. “No,” I said honestly. “You’re a lot stronger than I am.”

He made an annoyed sound, his frown shifting to a glare and his sand swirling agitatedly
around his feet. “So why aren’t you afraid of me?”

Who knew? Gaara’s murderous tendencies were more general, Orochimaru’s were targeted
specifically at me? But Gaara had been following me closely enough to know that I’d argued
with Shikamaru, and he kept showing up, so I could hardly claim to be a random bystander
anymore. Naruto would make him see he wasn’t alone and Gaara would devote himself to
protecting people instead of killing them? That hadn’t happened yet. He only wanted blood,
he didn’t care about my eyes? Blood still meant dying.

I shrugged, helplessly. “I don’t know, Gaara. I trust you. I like sand. I don’t know.”

“Why not?”

“Why don’t you?” I shot back, frustrated. “Why do I have to? I’m a mess. Maybe not the
same mess as you, but you keep expecting me to have the answers and I -” I cut myself off
with an annoyed growl, forgetting my arm didn’t work and trying to run it through my hair.
The growl was echoed by another one, then a third, just loud enough for me to hear but quiet
enough that anyone who didn’t recognise it would dismiss the sound.

My heart leapt. The dogs.

“My sensei’s coming,” I told Gaara, breaking into a relieved smile. “You should go.”

He didn’t. “When you swapped with me,” he said, staring too hard and not blinking, “You
said I couldn’t block it.”

I blinked for him, then stifled a wince at the way it made my eye hurt. “You couldn’t. It
wasn’t a physical attack, it was a seal. Even if you had sand armour you would’ve got hurt.” I
shook my head, ears straining to identify the growls. Tsuki, Pakkun, Urushi, Shiba -
“Seriously, I can hear at least four dogs less than twenty seconds away. You need to go.”

“Did it hurt you?” he asked, still not moving. Fifteen seconds, and less if Uhei was there.

I lifted my dead arm, everything elbow and below flopping uselessly and numb. “My hand,” I
said impatiently, eyes straining as I squinted through the trees. “Go.” Ten seconds, if that - I
could hear their footsteps, that was Bull, I could hear Bull.
He didn’t answer, and I glanced back over my shoulder. Nothing; he was gone, leaving only
the most waterlogged dregs of sand behind. “Drama queen,” I muttered, then the dogs
barrelled through the trees.

“Kitten,” Tsuki wailed, scrambling straight for my ankles. She hit me with enough force that
I had to shift my weight forwards to not move from it, standing on her hind legs and pawing
at my knees until I crouched down to her level.

“I’m ok,” I told her, trying to scritch behind her ears with my right hand. It was a lost effort;
she was so determined to lick both my wrist and my face that her head didn’t stay still
enough for petting. “I’m ok, it’s ok Tsuki. We’re good, we’re ok.”

The rest of the pack fanned out around us, Uhei and Urushi disappearing soundlessly into the
trees while Shiba circled restlessly. Bull stood squarely behind me, his massive weight the
most comforting thing I’d ever felt at my back, and I gave up trying to balance with Tsuki
climbing on me in favour of collapsing against him.

“Puppy,” Pakkun started, trotting up with head and tail both held warily high. “What -”

“Sasuke,” Sakura gasped, dropping down in front of me with Naruto following a beat after.

“I’m fine,” I said immediately, tilting my head back to try and keep out of reach of Tsuki’s
tongue. “I’m fine, I’m ok, I’ve got my eyes. It’s good.” It was difficult to brace yourself when
you had a lapful of wriggling puppy but I did it anyway. I fucked up, again, I did what I
wasn’t meant to, again, and even if Sakura didn’t see it I kawarimid myself into danger and
even if I knew I deserved -

Her arms closed round my shoulders, nearly crushing Tsuki between us, and I froze.

“Um,” I said unsurely, leaning further back against Bull in an effort to take her weight. She
squeezed tighter, face turned in against my neck, and shook her head. Over the back of her
head I caught Naruto’s eye; he seemed to be holding his breath every time he breathed in and
his expression was caught in an odd strained grimace that was in danger of falling apart at the
edges.

“Give -” His voice wobbled, and he swallowed, swaying a half step back before trying again.
“Give us a second, bastard.”

“You’re crying,” I said in disbelief. I’d never seen Naruto cry. I’d seen him get teary eyed,
but. I kind of figured if he ever cried it would be loud and open like the rest of him, not
forced down and hidden like this. I tried to look at Sakura for assurance and accidentally hit
my chin against the back of her head, then registered the wet on my collar. “You’re crying,” I
repeated, blinking at her braid.

“Oh my god,” she mumbled.

I blinked again, then said plaintively, “Why are you both crying?”

“Puppy,” Pakkun said, flopping down by my feet. “They thought you died. Let them cry.”
Somewhere in the leaves Urushi barked a low-pitched all clear. Shiba kept circling, fur
bristling and teeth bared, but Bull bent round towards me with a whuffing sigh that dropped
drool in my hair and rearranged himself in a sprawled position on the ground, turned on his
side with me and Sakura cradled against his stomach. Tsuki wriggled out from between us,
kicking Sakura to my left side and claiming my lap as she did.

“You left,” she accused, standing on my chest to nip at my nose. “How can the pack protect
the pack if the pack’s not there to be protected. Honestly. Cats.”

“Sorry,” I said on automatic, still struggling to process. I’d expected to be told off. As far as
dressing downs went, Tsuki’s was succinct, but not quite what I’d pictured. I looked to
Naruto again for help but he’d progressed to gulping, raw breaths, still holding it for too long
between every inhale to try and keep quiet.

“Hey,” I said, alarmed. “Don’t - you can cry. If you want to cry. Or, you don’t have to - are
you ok? I’m ok. You don’t have to worry, I didn’t die. Um, do you want a hug? I have arms.”
One arm, at least, and I lifted it awkwardly, elbowing Bull’s legs to move them aside and
make space.

“Oh my god,” Sakura said again, but she hiccoughed it into a laugh. “Sasuke you idiot.”

I ignored her. It might not have been the smoothest thing I ever said, but it was enough to
make Naruto scrub at his eyes and hesitantly lower himself down on my right side. He looked
unsure and lost, and it was almost a relief to put my own problems aside to wonder if he’d
ever had anyone hug him when he’d cried before.

Probably not, I thought, with a flare of old anger. I tugged insistently until he was mirroring
Sakura’s position and closed my arm around him, wriggling to sit up straighter until I could
tuck his head decisively under my chin. “I’m ok,” I said. “You’re ok. Everyone’s ok.”

Actually - I flicked a questioning glance to Pakkun.

“Akino and Guruko are with the other puppies,” he said, understanding what I wanted. “The
girl can still fight, the other two are hurt but not badly. They’re safe.”

“Ino wants to be a healer,” Sakura added, turning so her words weren’t muffled against my
shirt. “She doesn’t know much yet, but she’s good at first aid. We got the mud clones after
you - left, and Naruto got the snake.”

I squeezed her shoulder, tactfully ignoring her stumble over the word left. “And the pack?” I
asked. “Is Kakashi…?”

She shook her head. I swallowed, but refused to let myself be disappointed. I hadn’t really
expected him to have somehow come charging through the trees. I just. Would have liked to
see him, that was all.

“He’s outside the forest,” Pakkun said. “Bisuke’s with him, he sent the rest of us to Tsuki.”
There was a huffed bork from the trees and Urushi trotted out, dodging through Shiba’s
restless patrol. “Bisuke and Uhei are with him,” Pakkun amended, nodding. “Uhei will have
told him we found you.”

“You can do that?” I asked in surprise. “I didn’t think you could be summoned to another
place.”

“I brought them,” Tsuki said, tail wagging briefly against my leg. “I told Pakkun and Pakkun
told the big dog-man and the big dog-man got the big pack and I brought them to Sakura-
bitch.”

“You did,” Sakura agreed, stroking her with a smile. “You were brilliant, Tsuki.”

“Of course I was,” she agreed, stretching further up my chest for better scritches. “I’m the
best.”

I snorted, amused at her confidence. I don’t know if the ability to send the pack to us was
why Kakashi had made sure Sakura had a summons before entering the forest or not, but I
couldn’t deny that I was glad of it. With my team either side of me, big dog at my back and
two little dogs on my chest and feet, plus Shiba and Urushi keeping guard - yeah. I was glad
they were here.

We lapsed into a comfortable silence. Naruto still hadn’t let himself properly cry, but his
shoulders had stopped shaking, and he seemed calmer. My arm was aching from where it was
held around him but I didn’t want to let go, so I ignored it. Tsuki, now that she was happy I
was safe, was in high spirits again, and abandoned the puppy pile to try and mimic Shiba’s
wary patrol.

“What happened?” Sakura asked quietly, breaking the silence. Naruto shifted against my
other side, lifting his head to pay attention. “Your eye’s bleeding. Did he...”

“He tried to take it,” I said, swallowing against the bitter taste in my mouth and tightening
my grip convulsively on Naruto. I realised what I was doing a second later and carefully
relaxed again, forcing my heartbeat to slow. Orochimaru was gone. I was surrounded by
pack. I was fine.

“So it was bloodline theft,” Sakura concluded quietly. She shuddered, pressing closer. “God,
Sasuke. I’m so sorry.”

“Don’t be. When I didn’t have it, he lost interest.” It wasn’t quite what had happened, but. If
he’d known I had had it, I doubted he would’ve left as easily as he did, or ignored as many
chances to give me the curse mark as he had. Besides, what if he’d taken my eye and not
been able to awaken a sharingan? He’d hardly want a one-eyed host. The idea that he was
withholding the curse mark until he knew for sure I was a decent investment was as good as
any other I had, and if I held onto it tighter than perhaps I should, well, that was my decision.
I could go round in circles second guessing if I was ever really safe, and all I’d do was wear
myself out. “Really, bloodline theft was the best possible outcome,” I concluded. “I’m not
worth anything without my eyes.”
Naruto made a noise of protest, smacking a hand against my ribs. “Don’t say that,” he said
sharply. “You’re worth everything. And even if you weren’t, you’re team. You can’t just -
you can’t say things like that.” Whatever anger he’d started with trailed off to a desperate
kind of sincerity at the end, and I pulled him back into the hug in apology, left arm flopping
uselessly as I tried to make it go round him as well.

“Sorry,” I said. “I didn’t mean it. Not for me, I meant I wasn’t worth anything to him.”

“But you still used yourself as bait so we could escape,” he argued. “We keep telling you not
to put yourself in danger and you keep saying you’ll listen, but then danger happens and you
just - bastard, what if you die? What are we meant to do if you die?”

Feed the fish for me, I thought, and bit my lip. Even I could tell that was wholly
inappropriate. So was burn my eyes before Danzo gets them, but the only other thing coming
to mind was I think he’s called Sai and you won’t get on at first but I’m pretty sure you like
him in the end.

“I don’t know,” I said instead. It came out too lost, and I shook my head roughly, taking my
right hand back to run it through my hair. “I don’t - I’m not trying to get myself killed. That’s
not - I promise I’m not suicidal, I’ve never wanted to die.”

“That’s not what we’re saying though,” Sakura said. Her voice was calm, the gentle authority
she used when she was worried of scaring someone off. If I had the energy I would’ve
reflexively baulked at it, but I also listened, because it meant that she thought someone
needed to hear something even if they didn’t want to and she was usually right. “We don’t
think you want to die. We think you don’t care if you die. There’s a difference. You’re trying
to protect everyone, but you won’t let anyone protect you.”

I grimaced, pulling my knees up towards my chest. Kakashi protected me in Wave. Gaara
protected me here. Hell, my whole life plan revolved around getting to my brother so he
could protect me. Even the damn invasion - I’d delegated that to Rasa, hadn’t I?

“Sasuke,” Naruto said, leaning forward to look at me and waiting until I looked guardedly
back. “If you die, we’ll be hurt. We’ll be worse than hurt. You’re important, and if you don’t
care about you, then care about what happens to us if we lose you.” His eyes were blue and
overbright, and his face was serious. “Don’t do that to us, bastard,” he said, pleaded, and I
could feel my own eyes stinging in response to tears gathering in his. “Don’t do it to us, and
don’t you dare do it for us.”

I ducked my head, needing to blink but unable to keep eye contact. “I’m sorry,” I told my
knees, and this time I meant it. “I don’t mean to. I didn’t -” know what else to do, but I had to
break off because my voice was too wobbly, my throat too thick to keep talking through.

“We know,” Sakura said. “We don’t want you to be sorry.” She tried for a grin and teased,
“You’re cuter when you’re happy, Sasuke-kun.”

I flinched. “Don’t call me that,” I said before I could stop myself. “Kun. I’m not. I’m not kun.
And you don’t have a crush on me anymore, you got over that.”
“Sorry, I don’t - I mean, I did, I did get over it. Sorry. No more jokes, I promise, and no more
kun if you don’t like it.”

“You are really bad at them,” I agreed, quirking my lips in an attempt at a half-smile.
“Inappropriate humour in the face of awkwardness is my thing, don’t steal it from me.”

Still, even if it had reminded me of Orochimaru practically crooning my name, Sakura’s joke
had done the job of breaking the tension, and when we settled back we were sat more
comfortably side by side than the intense hug situation we’d been in earlier.

“Hime-chan?” Naruto offered. “Or wait, bastard-chan. Hime-bastard? Sasuke-hime-bastard?”

I wrinkled my nose. “God, no. Why do you always go for hime?”

“Because you like being called a girl,” he said, stretching. “Oh, I know. Sa-chan.”

I stopped, blindsided, mouth probably hanging open. Next to me Sakura squinted as she
thought, then blinked in surprise. “Huh,” she said. “I never noticed that.”

“Yeah, Moegi calls him Sasuke-nee and sometimes the shopkeepers call him shinobi-chan or
kunoichi-chan. He tries to brush it off but you can tell he’s pleased.”

I attempted to say something and managed a vaguely high pitched squeak. Sakura and Naruto
both looked at me, Naruto confused by my reaction - why wouldn’t he be, I thought
somewhat hysterically, he’d apparently known for ages that I was a lot less boy than I
claimed to be and had just accepted it - while Sakura was frowning in consideration. “Ok
then,” she said, face smoothing out as she came to a decision. “Sasuke-chan. I can do that.”
She hesitated, then asked, “Just chan instead of kun, or…?”

I stared back at her with wide eyes and blurted, “Orochimaru put a seal on my arm and now it
won’t work.”

There was a pause.

“Puppy,” Pakkun sighed. “You were doing so well.”



The dogs stayed while we made our way back to Team Ten. Tsuki spent the whole time trying
to convince Pakkun that Puppy was just for Naruto, and that he should use Kitten and
Sakura-bitch instead of calling us all the same name. Pakkun was adamant that we were all
puppies, even Kakashi. (“Kakashi?” Tsuki repeated, sneezing in confusion. “Big dog-man,”
Pakkun supplied. “He’s called Pup.”)

My arm was in a sling, more to stop it getting in the way than anything else. There was
nothing wrong with it, no wounds and nothing to patch up - it just didn’t respond to anything.
Sakura’s biggest worry had been that I’d accidentally hurt it and not realise, hence the sling
to keep it safe, but beyond Urushi sniffing it carefully and pronouncing it not actually dead,
there wasn’t much else we could do. It was hard enough trying to get my jacket back on over
it once I’d taken it off so they could inspect the damage.
Pakkun led us back to a different part of the forest than the one I’d left the others in. We took
it at a loping speed, Bull and Tsuki flanking us while Shiba and Urushi fanned out. I think
Shiba was hoping to run into someone and work off some aggression, but thankfully we
didn’t meet anyone. I recounted the important parts of fighting Orochimaru along the way,
namely that he’d tried to awaken my sharingan by making me afraid and had backed off after
Gaara appeared. I may have downplayed exactly how the battle, if it could be called a battle,
had ended; we’d already cried over my self-sacrificial tendencies enough for one day.

“Gaara?” Naruto repeated, wrinkling his nose. “The sand guy again?”

“I don’t know why he was there,” I said honestly. “He keeps trying to talk to me. I’m pretty
sure he’s just trying to make friends but…” I shrugged, helplessly. Friends was my strongest
hypothesis, though still baffling as to how it had started - maybe the fact that I wasn’t afraid
of him was enough? I’d definitely been afraid of him in the past, even if I hadn’t reacted to
his killing intent. On the other hand, it was also a stated fact that he’d tried to kill me at least
once, and almost every time I saw him he opened the conversation by informing me that
Shukaku felt my fear, so. “Either way, he helped me.”

Mixed messages.

“Could he be trying to recruit you?” Sakura offered, sounding dubious but attempting to be
diplomatic. “Like what Hokage-sama thought Haku was doing?”

“Haku wasn’t recruiting anyone,” Naruto muttered mulishly. “Haku also didn’t aim killing
intent at people or attack Shikamaru. Or stalk you. Haku was nothing like this guy.”

I ignored him. If he didn’t like Gaara because he’d recognised Gaara’s jinchuuriki status, that
was hypocritical and he’d get over it once he realised Gaara could be converted. If he had
another reason for not liking Gaara, well, attacking Shikamaru wasn’t ideal but everyone
made mistakes.

“I don’t think he’s recruiting me,” I said. “He’s not exactly persuasive. Or charismatic. If he
asked me to join Suna it’d probably make me less likely to.” I thought about mentioning that
Suna were theoretically allies but decided against; both because they weren’t, though
hopefully Rasa would listen to my warnings, and because friendly poaching among allies
wasn’t exactly unheard of.

Emphasis on friendly. Seducing someone with a bloodline limit was one thing, outright
stealing or kidnapping was universally frowned on and reserved for enemies. Even
Orochimaru had waited for canon Sasuke to come to him, though using the curse seal was
definitely iffy. So was trying to scoop out my eyeball with a shuriken, actually. Plus
Orochimaru was definitely an enemy, which made him all around a bad example who
wouldn’t hesitate to engage in a bit of casual bloodline theft if the mood took him. Moving
on.

“There’s not much we can do,” Sakura was saying, voice tight with frustration as she tried
and failed to solve the Gaara problem. “It’d be stupid to seek him out, and if he hasn’t
attacked you outside the exams then he hasn’t legally done anything that we can bring the
village in on.”
“So what, we just wait for him to come back and try again?” Naruto asked hotly. “That’s
stupid!”

“Last time he saved my life,” I pointed out, but this didn’t appear to matter much to the other
two.

“We don’t just wait,” Sakura said. “We’ll keep our guard up, and we’ll let Kakashi know, but
Konoha won’t throw out a foreign genin without reason. Rivalries and grudge matches are
part of the exam.” She didn’t sound best pleased with that, but she was practical enough to
understand how the village worked and see the reality of it. I didn’t know if she recognised
any of the Sand siblings as the Kazekage’s kids, but Gaara was clearly a big player and well
within his right to murder other contestants; politically, he was too well protected for us to
touch.

Not that we needed to because he’d still saved my life and backed off both Chouji and
Shikamaru when I asked, but. Now wasn’t the time to make a big deal of it, and we reached
Team Ten by that point anyway and set the conversation aside.

“You found him,” Ino said, shooting us a tired but lopsided grin as she stood up and started
walking towards us. The gauze she’d taped over her earlier wound had been joined by a neat
pair of butterfly plasters across her cheek that she was very carefully not disturbing, but other
than that she didn’t look hurt. Shikamaru was pulling himself to his feet behind her,
balancing his weight mostly on one ankle but still able to walk, and Chouji was awake and
now able to focus - a definite improvement on how he’d been earlier.

“In the flesh,” I said, answering her grin with a wry one of my own. Down an arm, almost
down an eye, but for six genin who’d just faced a jinchuuriki, a sannin, and a boss snake
summons in the space of one afternoon - yeah. I’d take it.

Ino reached us and punched me on my good arm, hard enough to be felt but not to hurt.
“You’re an idiot,” she said, but she was still smiling. “I’m glad you’re ok.”

“Of course he’s ok,” Tsuki said, dancing around us in a way that set her white fur bouncing.
“Kitten’s pack. Akino. Akino, I brought the people back, play with me.”

Silence. Tsuki dropped her front half to the floor, tail up and wagging and let her mouth hang
open with her tongue lolling out; Akino - one of the two dogs left behind with Team Ten
while Sakura and Naruto came after me - stared at her blankly from behind his sunglasses,
and I swear if dogs had eyebrows he’d’ve raised his.

“Ignore her,” I said with a grimace. “She’s a puppy.”

“A puppy,” Shikamaru repeated dryly. “I wondered where the Kitten nickname came from.”

“I will end you, Nara.”

There was an odd pause as we all subtly checked on each other, reassuring ourselves that we
were ok and compartmentalising - or attempting to compartmentalise - the battle.
“So what now?” Naruto asked, squinting up at the sky to check the time. “Do we go to the
tower, or do you guys need another scroll? I think we’re close enough to make it tonight.”

“To the - oh. The exam.” Ino scrubbed a hand over her face, avoiding the plasters, and
grimaced. I sympathised - God, I’d forgotten that’s why we were all here. Who had brain to
spare to think about scrolls after everything else had happened? “Can we even finish it?”

Sakura frowned. “Why not? We’ve got a day left, and the original plan still stands: we’ll be
safer there than here. If you need help with the earth scroll then -”

“We have the scrolls,” Ino said. “I meant the dogs. Senseis aren’t allowed to interfere. Not
that I’m not glad yours did, but. Aren’t we disqualified now?”

Sakura’s face didn’t fall, not visibly - if anything she frowned more - but I knew being chunin
meant a lot to her. Getting her to at least the next round had been the whole point of taking
the damn exam, and I felt a sudden surge of annoyance that we could have survived so much
and have it all be for nothing, even if objectively I should be glad just to be alive. I caught her
eye, then said, deliberately casual and slowly enough for her to interrupt at any time, “Oh,
didn’t you hear? Sakura’s a dog summoner.”

There was a pause, then, “Yeah,” Naruto chimed in. “Kakashi’s not here, right? So it must’ve
been Sakura who summoned them all. It’s logic.”

“Logic,” Shikamaru repeated flatly. There was no way he bought that Sakura had the chakra
to summon and sustain the entire pack.

“What can I say,” Sakura said, shrugging a shoulder with an odd twist to her expression. “I
like dogs. If you’ve got both scrolls, let’s go - the sooner we get out of here, the better.
Chouji, can you walk?”

I blinked after her, taken aback by the abruptness. So were the others, though after sharing a
glance with Shikamaru Ino just shook her head. “Geez, your whole team’s insane. Summoner
as a genin. Sure. Wait up Forehead, I’ll get his other side.”

“She’s right, you know,” Pakkun said in a low aside. “We shouldn’t really be here.” He
yawned, clearly not caring about the rules he was breaking. “We’ll stay till you get close to
the tower, but leave us out the reports, Pup.”

It wasn’t a long walk. With Sakura and Ino supporting Chouji, and me keeping close to
Shikamaru and his orange clone-crutch until he’d managed to find his rhythm enough to not
need me, we took less than an hour to reach the large clearing in the centre of the forest. The
dogs stayed as promised, Shiba, Akino, and Urushi disappearing into the trees to scout while
Bull, Pakkun, and Tsuki kept close. Guruko had vanished, presumably to update Kakashi on
our progress - I wasn’t sure how the message passing worked, but I guess the dogs had a way
to signal Kakashi when they wanted to be summoned? Or could reverse summon themselves
to him? Either way, it was a useful way to keep him updated, but it cost us a dog each time
and I didn’t know how easily Tsuki could bring them back again.
We left them in the trees, Bull giving me a last whuff to make sure my hair would be
irrevocably drooled on before he followed Pakkun back to wherever summons lived. Even
Tsuki went, though she was adamant that she wasn’t tired and didn’t need to go. Not that we
left ourselves unprotected without them; it was late enough that the sun was low in the sky
and even in the clearing the tower was surrounded by shadows. That, and a lot of orange,
Naruto bringing up the rear of the group with his arms folded behind his head and his eyes
closed to help him concentrate on the memories from the clones he was continually making
and dispelling. It was a novel approach to surveillance, and from his frown not the easiest
thing to maintain - several of the clones were henged into small birds to get an aerial
snapshot, and the conflicting viewpoints must be headachingly complicated to sort through.

Finally reaching the tower and opening the scrolls was a relief. As was the fact that as well as
dormitory style bunks upstairs and an array of food in the large room downstairs, the tower
came fully equipped with bathrooms. Glorious, glorious water. Cold, and presented
traditional style in a wash basin with a stool to sit on while you poured scoopfulls over
yourself, but you know what, I was ok with that. It was water. Clean water. I loved water.
Don’t let anyone ever tell you otherwise.

“You ok?” I asked Sakura later that evening, awkwardly juggling two plates of dumplings in
my right hand. She took one from me with a nod of thanks as I sat next to her, dangling my
feet over the edge of the walkway round the stairwell. “You’ve been quiet.”

It wasn’t the most tactful way I could’ve asked, but I’d been chewing over it since we set off
for the tower. Naruto was immeasurably happier now we were safe - and I think seeing Iruka
had helped - and mental exhaustion from the sheer quantity of clones he’d been making had
driven him to pretty much crash, but once the stress had passed, Sakura had just… been
quiet. Not in a bad way, and I couldn’t tell you why I was worried about her except that I
was; normally when the pressure of being the team leader got to her Sakura went sharp, short
tempered and brittle, snapping and then apologising in quick frustrated succession. This soft
and muted mood didn’t suit her.

“I’m ok,” she said, flashing me an off-smile. “Just thinking.”

“Oh.” I took a bite of dumpling, not sure if that was an invitation to ask again or to leave her
to it. They were prawn - I’d checked - and a bit plain without anything to dip them in, but
they were also real food and therefore the most delicious thing I’d ever tasted.

“Is it selfish to care about the exam?” she asked suddenly. I hastily swallowed my mouthful,
but she kept talking rather than wait for an answer. “I mean, people died. Shikamaru nearly
died. You nearly died. If I didn’t have Tsuki-chan, if Kakashi hadn’t sent the pack - and now
we’re here, and Iruka told us we did a good job and gave us a lesson about being a shinobi
just like we were at the academy again.”

“I don’t remember academy exercises being this long,” I said, then winced. This probably
wasn’t the time to try and be funny.

“Team Eight are alive,” she continued, ignoring me. “I think. It’s classified, Iruka wouldn’t
tell me details, but they found them by one of the other gates and he mentioned guards on the
hospital. It was never them in the forest with us.” She poked at her dumpling, pushing all the
filling down to one end. “It wouldn’t be classified unless there was something to hide. I hope
they’re ok.”

“I do too,” I said honestly. I hadn’t even thought to ask. Hospital was a lot better than dead,
and if I stopped to think that was more than I could have expected for them. I was glad
though. Given that they’d been fine in canon, anything that happened to them would,
technically, be my fault. Even if I couldn’t have hoped to stop it. The thought made me
vaguely sick, so I deliberately put it aside; I was glad they were alive whether it was my fault
or not, and that was the more important thing. “Why would it be selfish?”

She pulled a face. “You nearly died, Sasuke-chan. I know that doesn’t mean much to you but
-”

“It does,” I interrupted. “And that’s not what I meant.” I frowned, trying to think how to word
it. “Caring about one thing doesn’t mean you have to stop caring about others. If being a
chunin is important to you, then it matters. Doesn’t it?”

“Should it though? It’s just a rank. You’re comparing a promotion to someone’s life, they’re
not the same.”

“... But if it makes you happy? Or not having it makes you sad? My life being shit doesn’t
make your life unimportant.” I leaned forward to try and gauge her expression. What would
Naruto say? Something about precious people and dreams? “Why did you want to be a
ninja?”

She snorted. “My dad ruined my birthday.”

“Uh.” That. Wasn’t what I’d expected. I took another bite of dumpling while I paused to
regroup, and Sakura shot me a wry and self-deprecating smile.

“I know, right? Naruto wants to be Hokage, you want to stop people getting hurt, and I
wanted to use a sword to make my dad’s boss give him time off to come to my party.” She
hummed, cocking her head. “And be rich. Strong rich people had friends, and fancy bakery
cakes, and they were pretty and popular and blonde. You never went to one of Ino’s birthdays
when we were kids, did you? They were amazing. I don’t know why she stopped them.”

“I - no. Maybe? I wasn’t a clan heir then, I don’t think I got invited.”

“Yeah,” she said, smile turning down. “I wasn’t either.” She looked back at her plate, and
started carefully peeling the prawn filling out of its wrapper.

In an abstract sense, I’d known that Sakura was a civilian. In an abstract sense, I knew
Konoha skewed heavily towards the clans, and I guess I could’ve worked out that half the
reason I was a fangirl target at the academy was because the Uchiha were old and wealthy
and anyone who married me would end up the clan head’s wife with society’s doors opened
to them - or, that’s how it would appear from the outside. But beyond that, I’d… honestly
never given it much thought. I’d always had the clan, that was just the way life was, and it
wasn’t like I’d ever massively benefited from being Uchiha. If anything it brought more
problems.
No, that wasn’t true. I knew that Sakura’s life was harder than mine. I’d even been angry
about it in a general fight-me-Konoha sort of way when people dismissed her, or disregarded
how much work she’d put in to keep up with the clan kids, I just. Hadn’t connected it. And
when I had thought about it, it’d only been in relation to her learning to be a ninja. I didn’t
even know what her parents did, or if she was well off for a civilian or not. I didn’t know
what counted as well off for a civilian, other than that it was probably a lot less than what
counted as well off for a clan.

I had a sudden image of Inari, pointing at the Hokage and telling him that taxes were there to
support infrastructure and if you didn’t look after your people then how could people look
after themselves. Maybe Tazuna had been right; villages didn’t need heroes to lead them,
even if their hats were impressive. They needed solid financial planning and - god, I forget
the term. Something about stability? Mobility? Inari was pretty hot on rice farmers.

Not that rice farmers would help me know what to say, or how to deal with the sudden
discomfort of realising I'd missed a lot of implications of the clan-civilian divide. “I’ll throw
you a party,” I offered, mind blank and words falling out my mouth. “With, um, balloons. Is
pass the parcel a thing? I can do that. And candles, so many candles the cake will be on fire.
Except with fire-proof icing. So it won’t be.”

“Wow, Sasuke-chan,” she said, but she was laughing. “What kind of parties did you go to?”

“And when Naruto’s Hokage,” I doggedly continued, “We’ll make him put us on the council
and we’ll fix it. And they’ll have to listen to us, because I’ll be a clan head and you’ll be the
strongest person in the village, and if you want a sword I think Kakashi-sensei uses a sword
so he can teach you, and we’ll make it better.”

“Yeah?” she asked, tilting her head and smiling, though the laugh hadn’t quite faded from her
voice. I scowled and lifted my chin, sticking to my plan. I had none of her skill with people
or Naruto’s overflowing goodness, but that didn’t mean I wasn’t going to try.

“Yeah,” I said. “And if they stop us, we’ll fight them. And start our own village. Kakashi can
come. So can Chouji.”

“Not Ino or Shikamaru? I thought you liked them now.”

I hummed. “Maybe. Chouji would be sad if they didn’t, I guess.”

“Ok,” she said, still smiling. “I’ll make chunin, and when Naruto’s Hokage you’ll be there to
change the world with us. It’s a deal.”

“Deal,” I agreed firmly. Itachi, a part of me protested, and I pushed it firmly aside. We
weren’t worrying about me at the moment. We were helping Sakura. We could reconcile the
two later. “Also, where is your comb. I need to fix your hair.”

“Ah, yeah.” She brought a handful of it forward to inspect. “I’m not used to the tubs, my hair
goes weird if it’s not in a proper shower. It’s a mess, sorry.”

“No sorry. Just comb. Eat your dinner, it’ll go cold.”
  She toasted me with the naked, unwrapped prawn of her poor dumpling, and ate it.



Chapter End Notes



    Ongoing Orochimaru-shaped trauma:
    Sasuke: denied

    Sakura, tentatively trying to ask if Sasuke's actually a girl:
    Sasuke: denied

    The glaring elephant in the room of promising to help fix Konoha while also planning to
    run away and join your brother's terrorist organisation:
    Sasuke: denied
                        Chapter 26: Chunin exam arc, part two: I
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The last day in the tower was tense. There was basic medical care, but not much; enough to
   keep us alive, but if we wanted anything further we had to drop out and forfeit the exam. I
   hesitated over my arm. Sakura and Naruto, I think, were under the impression that it was
   numb in the way a Hyuuga closing a tenketsu would leave an arm numb. Seals really weren’t
   common. Other than Sakura’s messing with her chainsaw gloves and whatever vague
   knowledge Naruto had of his, I doubted either of them knew much.

   Even storage seals and the like were prohibitively expensive. Which, given how useful they
   were, was a frustration. Not to mention a waste - surely someone, somewhere, would have
   messed about enough to make a living from selling seals en masse? When I was younger and
   exploring the compound I hadn’t ever twigged how rare the ones I found were. Forget
   someone making a living from seals; why hadn’t the clan? I couldn’t write seals to save my
   life, but with the sharingan even I could do a decent job of decoding them. How much of
   Konoha’s reliance on genin as a cheap infrastructure solution, I wondered, could be solved if
   there was a decently funded seal department replacing child labour with technology?

   But those were thoughts for a later time. If Sakura got her way, maybe they’d be thoughts for
   her. I might have said I’d be there with her, but. I mean, I already knew I wasn’t hero
   material, breaking a promise shouldn’t come as a surprise. I didn’t have a choice. I couldn’t
   stay in Konoha. I couldn’t - I had to go. Even if Naruto became Hokage and Sakura fixed it,
   it would take too long. They didn’t - Danzo. I had to. You can’t blame me when it’s not my
   fault.

   Like I said though, thoughts for a later time. For now, we were down to hours left of the
   second exam, and almost every remaining team had flocked to the tower in a desperate bid
   for scrolls.

   I didn’t watch. Shikamaru did, either gathering data for the following rounds or distracting
   himself from Chouji; like me, Chouji had chosen to stay at the tower so his team would pass,
   and like Sakura, Shikamaru was clearly conflicted.

   “I’ve searched the entire tower,” I said, pushing my way through the door to the room we’d
   colonised with Naruto on my heels. “There is no soy sauce. Vegetables don’t exist. Vinegar
   has not once passed through the sacred threshold of misery that we are subjected to. Behold:
   rice.”

   “Rice is good,” Chouji said, though from his face I could tell it wasn’t good enough. He
   might have refused medical attention, but it turned out he’d been poisoned by Kankuro’s
   puppet. Being Akimichi was probably the only thing that saved him, and even with that
   advantage and his condition holding stable for the time being, he was still running
   dangerously close to the dregs. “Did they have anything salty? I’m sorry to send you back.”
“Salt,” I repeated, putting the bowl and chopsticks within easy reach. “I can do that.” I
glowered when he tried to apologise again. There were too many other nin around, and he
was ill. If he wanted salt, then whether it was for health or flavour reasons, I’d get him salt,
and he’d stay here with Ino and not let anyone else in the room. It was fine.

“There was a Rain guy who had miso on the second floor,” Naruto offered. “Miso’s salty.”
Given that the second floor had been empty when we’d checked it together, I assumed he’d
had a clone there and contemplated switching my glower to him. He’d crashed hard after the
number he’d used in the forest yesterday, and though it didn’t appear to have left any effects
(or, more likely, Kyuubi had managed to heal any damage it had done) he was meant to be
taking it easy.

“Second floor’s out,” Sakura said tiredly, dropping down to the window sill from outside.
Shikamaru followed a beat behind her, favouring his leg but otherwise not showing any sign
of having been injured the day before. “Sorry, Chouji. The team from Suna just arrived.”

“Gaara?” I asked, straightening. I hadn’t expected him to fail, but I couldn’t say I wasn’t
relieved that he’d made it. Seeing him still out in the forest yesterday had thrown me -
though, I guess, the team was that overpowered compared to everyone else that they could
afford to take it slow. Or spend more time weeding out the competition, which seemed
equally likely now I thought about it.

“Yeah,” she agreed. Her eyes flicked over my shoulder to Naruto and then back to me. “He
killed four people outside the tower.” In the background, Shikamaru looked vaguely green.

“Oh.” I held my right arm over my chest, tucking it into the crook of my left elbow. If the
sling wasn’t there, it would look like I was just crossing my arms, and I wasn’t sure why I felt
the need. “Maybe he needed their scrolls? It’s almost the deadline.”

“He left them with the corpses,” Shikamaru said flatly, though in a way that said he was
trying not to remember rather than with any anger behind it. “A Grass team took them.”

Oh. So, just mother wanting their blood, then. Good good. Glad to hear he was still deranged.

Naruto stepped up behind me, standing close enough that I could feel the body heat radiating
off him. I looked back at him, then wondered if I should amend; there was a purple tint to his
irises, and when he spoke his canines seemed sharper than they should be. It might be body
heat I was feeling, but when he drew on the kyuubi’s chakra it felt a lot like fire to me, so. It
might be that.

“So we avoid him. Don’t go near him, don’t let him come near us. Keep him away from
Shikamaru, keep him away from the bastard.”

He’s meant to be one of your precious people, I thought with an edge of despair. It wasn’t his
fault he was so murderous at the moment. Or, it was, but it’d be ok because he was good
underneath. He’d never actually followed through on killing me. Or Shikamaru. Or Chouji.
He saved me. He wasn’t bad, he was just trying to exist.
It felt right, but the argument sounded weak when I tried to put it into words and I didn’t say
it outloud.

“We might not get a choice,” Ino said. “Don’t these sorts of exams usually have a tournament
phase? If we get matched up against him we’d have to fight.”

“Or forfeit,” Sakura corrected with a frown. “Exams aren’t worth dying over.” She directed
that frown to me when she said it, and I raised my good hand in a placating motion.

“I know,” I promised, before she could say anything else. “I’m an arm down. I stay in to get
you two through to the next round, then I’m out. I got it. Me and Chouji will cheerlead.”
And, to prove my dedication to the role, I ducked away from Naruto and dropped down to sit
on the floor next to Chouji’s bed. He flashed me a sympathetic smile; he knew more than
most how to make the call of pushing on and hurting yourself or pulling back and fighting
another day. It’s what his whole family’s fighting style revolved around with their soldier
pills, after all.

“It sucks though,” Ino complained. “Bloodline theft’s nothing to do with the exam, you
shouldn’t have to fail because of that. It’s not fair.”

I blinked. I mean. No, but. Why would it be.

“We’re ninja,” Shikamaru told her, pulling a face. “Life’s not fair. It’s troublesome, and then
you die.”

I blinked again. I agreed in theory, but that seemed unnecessarily dark coming from
Shikamaru. I knew that life was shit and the village didn’t care and/or was actively out to get
me, but. I had a sharingan. Eyeballs, and all that. Unique circumstances. When I looked at the
others though, no one corrected him, even if Sakura was frowning consideringly and Naruto
looked unhappy at the thought. I tilted my head back to look at Chouji even, and though he
seemed to be more distressed by Shikamaru’s statement than Shikamaru was, he made no
move to correct it.

“It’s not all bad,” I said, bewildered. The forest had been a shock, maybe even Team Ten’s
first brush with mortality, yes, but you couldn’t just… give up? That wasn’t the right way to
say it. Life was bad, but older brothers made it good? No. Not everyone had an older brother,
and Itachi was too complicated for what I meant. I cast around for a way to put into words the
conviction I had that they were wrong, but the best I could come up with was, “They’ve
started selling mango mochi. It’s mochi, but better, because it has mango. Mango mochi.”

Pause. I looked at each of them hopefully, tilting my head and trying to will them back to
how they should be again. Shikamaru wasn’t meant to be pessimistic like that. Naruto wasn’t
meant to let people be pessimistic like that. I wasn’t meant to be the one cheering people up, I
was meant to grump and snark and retreat to Plushie-tan and poetry and pyjamas, but at least
I had Plushie-tan and poetry and pyjamas to retreat to.

“My mum’s been teaching me how to make tempura,” Chouji offered hesitantly, and I
practically slumped back against his bed in relief. Naruto caught my eye and grinned, and if it
looked a touch strained I didn’t care because at least he was smiling again.
“Yeah, and when we beat this stupid exam we can all go out for Ichiraku’s, believe it!”

“And after that we can go to Yakiniku’s for real food,” Ino added with a haughty sniff that
made Naruto squawk in outrage.

I bowed out of the conversation and settled further into my seat on the floor, paying just
enough attention to notice Sakura protesting the lack of fish or vegetable options while
tactfully avoiding saying why that was important. Not that I actually minded people outside
Team Seven knowing I didn’t eat meat, but I guessed it would seem a bit weird and I hadn’t
exactly been broadcasting it.

No, correct that. I minded people knowing random facts about me a lot, but I didn’t mind
Team Ten knowing.

“Mango mochi, huh?” Shikamaru asked, low enough to slide under what was now a far more
heated debate about restaurants than it needed to be. “And that makes life worth it?”

I wrinkled my nose at him, not sure if he was teasing or not. I never claimed to be good with
words, not when it came to important things. “They’re better than bananas,” I said, careful
not to let Naruto hear. “Bananas go mushy. I regret the bananas.”

He stared at me for a long second then snorted and broke eye contact. “Sure,” he said, and
now I definitely knew he was teasing. “Bananas go mushy, why not.”

Seeing as I wasn’t going to explain the backstory for that, even if he was Team Ten, I stuck
my tongue out and left it be.



When it ended - when we officially passed - it was like a weight lifted off us. Genin weren’t
supposed to keep fighting while in the tower, and once we’d retreated to our shared room
we’d pretty much stayed there, but god it was good to be out again. Even if out was a large
arena and what was probably meant to be an uplifting speech from the Hokage while the
Kazekage sat beside him and strengthened political ties or whatever he was meant to do, it
was still better than the entire everything of the second exam.

No Kakashi yet though. I hadn’t seen him, but Urushi had woven his way through the arena
to us almost as soon as we arrived, so he had to be somewhere nearby. Even just having
Urushi went a long way to making things better, and he stuck close against us, quiet enough
to go mostly unnoticed but comforting all the same.

I entertained myself while the Hokage spoke by trying to count how many teams there were.
Us and Team Ten, of course, and Lee’s distinctive outfit made Team Gai easy to spot. At least
one other Konoha team, though I could only see one member of it just then and didn’t
recognise them, and the Sand siblings, a team from Rain who’d finished before us, two fairly
nondescript boys I thought I’d seen before -

The third member of that last team caught my eye and glared. I blinked back, startled to see
the red hair and glasses of the Grass kunoichi I’d threatened in the forest and taken the earth
scroll from. I hadn’t expected them to pass, and if I’d hoped she wouldn’t hold a grudge, I
was wrong.

I looked away. Seven teams in total. No Sound; I’d got one of their teams out in the written
exam, and their other one hadn’t passed in canon either. No Team Eight; I’d got them out by
spotting Orochimaru and making him change disguises to stay hidden. Iruka had said they’d
been found, but there were no rumours. It set me on edge; there were always rumours. If
there weren’t, someone was suppressing them, and if someone was suppressing them, then I
really wanted to know what they were. You didn’t hide good news.

Speaking of, Chouji had taken his weakest soldier pill. He’d promised us it wouldn’t hurt
him, not beyond wearing him out when the effects faded, but it disguised how badly
Kankurou’s poison had affected him and allowed him to stand with us in the arena until it
was time to forfeit before the preliminaries, which I was vaguely surprised to see going
ahead. Seven teams wasn’t exactly a lot of people by my count - unless they’d always
planned to have preliminaries, and needing to cut the numbers down even further was just an
excuse? The casual deception wouldn’t surprise me, but it also wouldn’t change the outcome
so there wasn’t much point worrying about it.

On my part, a dead arm was easier to hide. I had a splint inside my jacket sleeve to keep it
straight, bandages keeping the fingers tightly together so they wouldn’t accidentally get
caught on something and snap when I couldn’t feel them, and that was it. At a casual glance,
it should look fine, and if anyone questioned why I was forfeiting when I didn’t seem injured,
I’d smirk in pity at their small-mindedness until they backed off in shame and unease at not
understanding my master plan. It was flawless. No way for it to go wrong. The Hokage had
given the stage to one of the proctors - Hayate? He had a sword - to explain the details, in just
a minute I’d raise my hand and be free of this whole thing, and once I was I’d grab a seat
next to Bull and watch Sakura beat the shit out of people. Really, I was almost looking
forward to it.

“Excuse me,” a voice said to my left, soft and hesitant. “Do you want me to look at that for
you? Only I’m a healer, and we’re both from Konoha so I should help you out if I can,
right?”

I froze.

The other Konoha team.

Kabuto.

“Here,” he said, and out the corner of my eye I could see him lift his palm, a faint haze of
chakra glowing round it. I wanted, desperately, to flinch away, kawarimi, anything, but - I
couldn’t. Urushi pressed back against my legs, trying to herd me to a safer distance, and I
stayed where I was and couldn’t move. “It’s a diagnosis jutsu, I just need to check -”

His hand stopped in midair, the fingers flexing involuntarily into a fist as Shikamaru stepped
up next to me. One of his hands was in the seal to activate his shadow technique, the other
clenched in the fist that Kabuto was mimicking. A second later and Naruto had stepped
between us, shoulders squared, face set in a scowl and claws out on his fingers. Distantly, I
felt the familiar warmth from him, kyuubi making his chakra run hot - but distantly. There
was something between it and me, cold and terrifying, and I still couldn’t move.

Sakura joined us. She said something, I couldn’t tell what. Hayate called for people to drop
out if they needed to. Chouji raised his hand, and gave me a worried stare; Ino tried to elbow
me in the side. I think Shikamaru shifted his shadow to me and tried to break me out of
whatever was holding me but the same thing that was blocking Naruto’s chakra from
reaching me blocked him and I couldn’t. Move.

Out the corner of my eye I watched Kabuto. He was backing off, trying to explain that he was
just trying to help - but his hand hadn’t stopped its faint glowing. Could the others see it? I
didn’t know if my sharingan was activated. I didn’t know if that would have an effect, it’d
never helped me see chakra before. He was watching me, calculating behind his apologetic
facade, and as he tilted his head the cold fear holding me in place suddenly flared; I was
trapped, I was outclassed, if this was killing intent then god what would it feel like when he
actually cut me open, I reeled my chakra in in a panicked flinch and suppressed it so hard I
lost track of my senses but Kabuto’s chakra came with me and I was drowning in it, my heart
pounded too fast too hard and I tried desperately to make it stop my jaw hurt from clenching
it and I hadn’t breathed for too long but did that matter, the world was going grey, would it be
better, at least if I suffocated I wouldn’t be conscious when he laid me out and took my eyes
with a scalpel carved a space inside my head and Orochimaru would wear me like a puppet or
did I have to be awake could he bring me back would he bring me back what if he brought
me back -

Naruto’s claws dug into my shoulder, and I choked on the heat of his chakra flooding over
me. I was vaguely aware of the others shifting instinctively back and wondered how much of
the kyuubi he had to be projecting at the moment, but I didn’t care. I didn’t care. It was like
being pulled out the river again; Naruto felt like fire, and my chest heaved as though I could
breathe it and burn Kabuto’s killing intent out of me.

“- bastard,” he was saying, pressing closer until I was almost leaning against him. “Look at
me. C’mon, bastard.”

“I’m fine,” I said, but I made no move to move away. It came out quiet and hoarse, and I
shook my head to clear it. Fuck, people survived killing intent all the time. Just because I
wasn’t used to it - fuck. How did I even feel it? I didn’t think I was able to. Even Gaara just
felt sandy, and if I pulled my chakra back inside myself I could escape it. Kabuto’s though, it
was like it was under my skin, there was nowhere I could go to get out of it.

Under my skin. Like knives, like scalpels, rearranging me without even needing to make me
bleed -

“I’m fine,” I repeated roughly, looking up at him and scowling. Naruto stared back, mouth
pulled thin in an angry line and eyes tinted purple. “Stop that,” I huffed, standing straighter
and trying to turn to block him from view. At least there were no other visible signs, and from
the lack of reaction from anyone else in the arena he was keeping the kyuubi contained to
where only we could feel it. Still; eyes fangs and claws were hardly subtle, and Urushi moved
with me, lips pulled back in a silent snarl over his teeth as he glared balefully at the other
genin around us. “People will notice.”
His eyebrows lowered. “That’s really not -”

“Are you hurt?” Sakura cut in. I shook my head. Just scared. I don’t know if Kabuto had just
been testing a theory or if he’d had another purpose, but I wasn’t hurt. Rattled, yes, but -

“The forfeits,” I hissed, looking up. Shit. Shit, Hayate had moved on, they’d got out a large
board to start displaying the matchups. I glanced around, but Kabuto had gone back to stand
with his team.

“Forfeit in the match,” Shikamaru said tightly. “What did he do? I tried to reach you with my
shadow and it’s like you didn’t exist.”

“I was trying not to,” I muttered, then faltered as Naruto’s grip tightened on me convulsively.
“Not like that. I pull my chakra back to avoid killing intent, it just didn’t work this time.
That’s all.”

“Killing intent?” Sakura repeated. She frowned worriedly, but I could see her thinking behind
it. “You don’t feel it the same way most people do.” It wasn’t a question, and her eyes didn’t
flick to Naruto, but I got the allusion all the same. And maybe this was an inappropriate time
to be thinking about it but could Naruto please have that conversation with us so I could stop
pretending I didn’t know about the literal demon in his head. Stomach. Whichever.

“I’m just not used to it,” I said. It was even honest. “Look, he wanted me not to forfeit for
whatever reason, that’s all. Like Shikamaru said though, I can still forfeit in the match. It’s
fine, ok?”

There was a tense pause, then Naruto pulled a face. “I hate fine,” he muttered. His eyes were
blue again though, and the fire had died down to his usual running-warm body heat rather
than kyuubi-enhanced chakra. Part of the reason I wanted him to open that conversation was
because he seemed to be pulling on kyuubi way easier than I remembered him doing. Wasn’t
it meant to be reserved for extreme stress? Half the times he’d sprouted claws and fangs he
hadn’t even been fighting.

Sakura looked like she was going to say something else, but just then the announcer boomed,
much louder and harder to tune out than the speeches had been so far:

“The first match: Sabaku no Temari vs Ajisai of Rain!”



“Let me see,” Kakashi demanded as soon as we got to the stands. Urushi circled round
behind him to sit next to Pakkun and Team Ten fanned out, loosely arranging themselves
between us and Asuma. From the outside, we looked like two teams from the same village,
interested in the match but also hanging back to discuss strategy for our own rounds. From
the inside, Naruto was tense next to me and both dogs had their ears warily cocked. The
alcove we were standing in did a good job of hiding us from view, and the way Kakashi and
Naruto were standing meant that no one strolling past would be able to eavesdrop. Though,
ninja; there were always ways around this, and if we weren’t forbidden from leaving until the
matches ended we’d have found a better place.
The hospital, maybe. So Chouji could be on a hospital bed. With hospital people.
Hospitalling. But he’d just smiled at me and said that his soldier pill wouldn’t run out for a
bit and he wanted to watch the fights, as though he hadn’t always planned to get treatment
straight away for being literally poisoned. Literally. With poison. Poison people died from,
Chouji. It kills people. No, I wasn’t appreciating the irony of someone else insisting they
were fine, and no, I wasn’t enjoying how infuriating he was being or how impossible he was
to argue with. Not because I was weak and didn’t try to argue with him anyway, but because
he was a damn rock and everything I said rolled off him without leaving so much as a dent in
his calmly reassuring smile.

Infuriating.

I shifted my glare away from where Chouji was sitting - close enough to the walkway that he
could lean over and offer to help people find seats if they loitered too much too near us, don’t
think I hadn’t noticed - and held my arm to Kakashi. I still had mobility in the upper part but I
had to awkwardly juggle tugging my jacket off and supporting the weight from my elbow
downwards with my other hand.

“Tell me what happened,” Kakashi said, reaching forward to help me. I assumed he’d got the
gist of the main story from Pakkun, so I focussed on just explaining the relevant parts.

“There was a jinchuuriki,” I said. Naruto stiffened next to me, but if Kakashi was going to fix
my arm, he needed all the details. Which is why, even though I wanted to hide exactly how
I’d got hurt, I kept going. “The seal was meant for him. It was a contact seal; I didn’t see any
paper, Orochimaru just lit each of his fingers with chakra, and when he touched my elbow my
arm went dead.”

“Dead?” Kakashi repeated sharply.

“I can move my shoulder, but not below it. I still have chakra, and I can use it, but I can’t
channel it to my hand.” I tried, just to demonstrate; I could reach out with my kawarimi sense
just fine, and add water to make chakra arms, but trying to cycle it through my system in
preparation for a jutsu felt like getting to the top of the stairs and finding they were one
shorter than they were meant to be. Jarring, and almost painful in the misstep. “I just…” I
paused, trying to think how to phrase it. “I can’t feel my arm. It’s like I don’t have one.”

Kakashi was quiet, frowning as he thought. I recognised his expression; it was the same one
he used in Wave, the one that said he was being serious and unreadable and not letting his
emotions interfere. I fought the urge to swallow, and told myself that I found it comforting. It
meant he was going to fix it. It was a good thing.

“How well can you fight with one hand?”

… or not. I blinked, thrown; I’d been hoping for him to take the seal off and give me my arm
back. I didn’t want to be one handed forever. I was nowhere near good enough a ninja to cope
with that kind of set back - and even if I was, it circled back round to the fact that someone
else would be better, and Danzo, and fecking eyes.
I frowned, halting that thought and trying to think through the answer rationally. If Kakashi
was asking, he thought it was plausible. So. Think. I couldn’t do one handed seals, but my
only techniques that needed seals were the bubblehead jutsu - which would be devastating to
lose, but if there were any jutsu I could learn to do one handed it would be that one - and the
grand fireball, which was slow anyway. Immolation, maybe, but that wasn’t combat and I
was pretty sure I could adapt it. For taijutsu I rarely blocked, preferring instead to rely on
dodging and staying out of reach; I’d probably need to favour kunai over bare hands - hand -
for close combat, but I could throw almost as well with my right hand as with my left. I’d just
have to speed up how fast I could grab new shuriken to make up for only having one.

Honestly, the worst would be the loss to my balance, and how much I’d have to slow down to
account for it. But my other mainstays - stealth, ambush, genjutsu - shouldn’t be affected.

That was a lie, the worst would be that I’d only have one hand -

“Decently,” I summarised. “Enough for missions.” C-ranks, at least. Normal c-ranks. Not
Team Seven style c-ranks. I hesitated, but I was getting nothing from his expression, so. “I’ll
get used to it,” I said. “I can train.” I didn’t want to. I wanted him to fix it. It was my arm,
even leaving Danzo aside there was a voice in the back of my mind that was screaming. I
couldn’t lose my arm. It was right there! Attached! All fingers still in place, ninja get hurt
and I know I was stupid but I didn’t want - I didn’t mean -

Naruto shifted, pressing against my side and grounding me, and I tried to be subtle about the
shaky breath I let out. “It won’t be a problem,” I said, more firmly than I felt. If I had to
wrestle my water-arm into a replacement for my dead one and learn to cast jutsu one
handedly, then I would. If that’s what it took to stay with him and Sakura.

I hadn’t thought it would permanent -

“Ah,” Kakashi said, dropping some of his blankness from his expression. “No missions,
Sasuke. Not until Konoha’s seal master’s cleared you for them. I meant for the
preliminaries.”

“For… what?” The world reset, and I scrambled to fit this new information in.

“The bastard’s forfeiting,” Naruto said from behind me, his voice one step short of a snarl
and the warmth from his chakra edging hot again.

“That’s not -”

“Sensei, a sannin tried to gouge my eye out with a shuriken,” I blurted, interrupting him. “I
don’t care about getting promoted. I’m just trying to stay alive.”

I ignored the way Naruto’s rumbling growl choked off, all my attention focussed desperately
on Kakashi. I couldn’t tell you why, but I needed him, on a level I couldn’t explain, to
understand that I was serious about pulling out. That I knew when I was in too deep, that
even if it was important for Sakura to advance because she had to change things and for
Naruto to advance because people needed to recognise him - but me, I wanted to survive, I
didn’t care about anything else because even if Sakura and Naruto were important I needed
to survive.

His hand landed on my head, and I stilled. I hadn’t even realised I was shaking.

“I know,” he said, and if there was pain in his voice it was far hidden behind the certainty that
I couldn’t hear it. “I know, Sasuke.”

I didn’t move out from under his hand, or try to shake him off. Nor did I lean into it, not
quite. “So why are you making me fight?” I asked in a small voice.

“I’m not,” he said, and for a second his expression twisted in frustration. “Not every enemy
will let you forfeit. If they attack, you have to be able to defend yourself until you’re safe to
drop out the match. Do you understand? Even if you don’t want to fight, sometimes it’s the
only way.”

He didn’t say, explicitly, that if Kabuto kept me in the preliminaries in the first place he
probably wouldn’t let me avoid them so easily. I picked it up all the same, and I wondered if
he’d been watching us and realised why I hadn’t already pulled out. He must’ve known we
were there - he sent Urushi to us after all. Urushi in the arena, and all the dogs in the forest,
and Tsuki before the exams even started. Even though it was cheating to have your sensei’s
summons rescue you and make sure you reached the tower alive. Even though it flew in the
face of everything clans stood for to let Sakura sign the dog contract in the first place. Even
though.

I swallowed. “I understand,” I said. I allowed myself another beat, then tipped my head to
shrug his hand off, and scowled half-heartedly when he messed my hair up before letting go.

“Watch your hip position,” he advised, slipping into a lighter version of his earlier
professional tone. His face didn’t go blank though, and I let the tension drain out of me as I
listened. “You’re going to be relying on your feet a lot. Try hooking them round your
opponents legs, but be careful not to overbalance - one arm makes it easy to fall on your bad
side and hurt your neck.”

“Wouldn’t it be better to stay at a distance?” Naruto asked, glancing between us hesitantly.
He wasn’t quite suspicious, and any traces of the kyuubi had disappeared, but he didn’t look
quite like he’d followed the same thought process I had. “If he’s trying to defend instead of
win?”

Kakashi hummed. “Against some opponents,” he allowed. “Against others, defence just gives
them the upper hand and turns into a stamina marathon.” He looked like he was going to say
more, but the klaxon sounded from the arena - the set up time had passed, and the matches
were ready to begin.



Temari’s match was over quickly. The rain nin - Ajisai, according to the announcer - was a
taijutsu and sealing expert, and the similarity between her rain of shuriken and Tenten’s own
extravagant weapon displays was striking.
“Are the matches rigged?” I asked, as Ajisai retrieved another seal from the sleeve of her
purple haori and released a storm of paper that Temari blew away. Next to me, Shikamaru
tilted his head, interested in the answer. Without knowing that Temari had fought Tenten
before, I supposed the connection wasn’t so obvious - but it did seem telling that she’d been
given an easy win both here and in canon.

“It’s certainly a thought,” Asuma answered, and I fought the urge to grimace. I’d been hoping
Kakashi would pick up the question. “What makes you think it might be? And if it was, why
do you think the village would do it?”

Screw it. Urges were not made to be suppressed. Let the grimace out and be free. “Never
mind,” I said, turning back to the match. He could Teacher his own team, just because we
trained and did missions with him didn’t make us his students.

“So they can control who wins?” Ino said, leaning forward with a frown. She was watching
the fight intently; was she remembering facing Temari in the forest? “Or… if there are things
they need to keep secret, they can make sure the matches don’t force someone to use a
technique they shouldn’t.”

“To show off,” Sakura added, and I redirected my grimace at her. Team Seven, damnit. Stop
fraternising with the enemy. We were Kakashi’s kids. “The exams are as much about politics
as us getting promoted, each village would want to make itself look the best. Suna’s our ally
and their Kazekage is here, so it makes sense for the Suna nin to be given good matches.”

“Both good points,” Asuma allowed. In the ring, Temari had opened another moon on her fan
and unleashed a howling gale that Ajisai barely blocked with a summoned gate. “There’s a
lot more to being chunin than fighting well, and the point of the matches is to see how people
apply all aspects of their skills, not just the combat ones.” He smiled conspiratorially, then
added, “Genins can be strong, but chunin need common sense.”

“If we had common sense,” I groused, “Then none of us would fight.” Hello world, allow me
to demonstrate my strongest ability in front of a massive crowd, giving everyone watching
ample time to come up with a counter before I actually meet them in battle. Or, if you were
unlucky: hello world, allow me to die in a grand spectacle that does great things for the
funeral industry but is otherwise meaningless and shit.

Asuma tilted his head. “The villages coming together for exams like this is an important part
of peace,” he said, not quite chidingly, but definitely in a tone that wanted me to consider his
point. I stared straight ahead and refused. “Without tournaments, the only way to tell who’s
stronger is war.”

Another arena-destroying wind strike. Ajisai tried to block again, but it was blatantly obvious
that Temari had been playing with her so far and she went flying, landing in a ragged heap
and not getting up. The match was called in Temari’s favour, and from the way she had to be
restrained by Hayate from another overkill blow, I gathered that she was feeling cheated by
not getting the chance to properly fight.

Asuma was wrong. I didn’t know how to say it, because I was starting from a very different
place to him. Ajisai, now being carried off by an equally purple-clad teammate, was from
  Rain, home of Akatsuki, and as far as I could work out their plan for world peace involved
  killing everyone who disagreed with them. The bijuu were meant to bring peace, and didn’t.
  The exams were meant to bring peace, and Orochimaru still tried to launch an invasion. It
  didn’t work.

  My eyes flicked up to the Kage’s box where the Kazekage and the Hokage were leaning
  towards each other to discuss something. The invasion was out of my hands; I hoped I’d done
  enough by threatening Rasa and bringing him in line, but until the final round I’d have no
  way to actually tell. Should I do more? Visit him again as ANBU Weasel and check up on
  him? It sounded like the sort of bad idea that broke people’s cover, but the not knowing was
  painful. Where was Orochimaru now - was he in the audience somewhere, had he been the
  one to send Kabuto or had Kabuto done that on his own?

  I pulled my thoughts back. Shikamaru was watching me, forehead wrinkled in a slight frown.
  I stuck my tongue out at him - there was no way he’d guess what I was actually thinking,
  which meant he probably thought Asuma’s statement had troubled me. I cast around for
  something to say in answer.

  “Weak people still go to war,” I settled for. “You can’t scare them into obeying.” I looked
  back at the kage box, at the Sandaime, and my expression soured. “All you do is make them
  desperate.”

  The sign over the end of the arena flashed, announcing the next match, and I abandoned the
  conversation to lean forward and read it.

  “The second match,” Hayate’s magnified voice boomed. “Uzumaki Naruto vs Yakushi
  Kabuto.”



Chapter End Notes



    Teams 7 and 10, shaken and struggling to come to grips with the fact that people die in
    this stupid exam and they potentially still might:
    Sasuke: Excuse? Disallowed. My thing. Get your own.
    Teams 7 and 10, failing to be bowled over by that utterly compelling argument:
    Sasuke: Mangos *jazz hands*
                       Chapter 27: Chunin exam arc, part two: II
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I stilled, heart suddenly racing. Kabuto. If these matches were rigged -

   “Naruto,” I said, words tight and fast. “Don’t let him -”

   “I know, bastard,” he said, flashing me a sharp-toothed grin over his shoulder. I made a
   frustrated sound and glared at him, willing him to see the danger.

   “He’s not just a genin. You can’t -”

   “Bastard,” he interrupted, turning and softening his smile. Hiding the fangs didn’t take away
   from the fact that they were there, and everything from the set of his shoulders to the tilt of
   his chin said he wasn’t going to back down. “I know.” He leapt down before I could answer
   that, leaving me gripping the railing too tight as I stared after him.

   What, please, was he meant to know. That Kabuto was a spy? That Kabuto ended up a more
   dangerous threat than Orochimaru himself? That Kabuto was a medic interested in new and
   different ways to cheat death and achieve immortality, and that bijuu-given healing powers
   might be of interest to him? If that even was the reason they were fighting. If it wasn’t, I
   didn’t want to know what was. Naruto was an Uzumaki, a jinchuuriki, a, a - fuck I couldn’t
   remember everything else. He was Konoha’s secret super weapon, and if Kabuto - if
   Orochimaru - were trying to test how much of a threat he was...

   “Hey,” Sakura said quietly, coming up next to me. “He’ll be fine. Let him have this.”

   “Let him have what?” I bit back, not untensing in the slightest. Kabuto had also reached the
   arena, and they were standing a comfortable distance away from each other, both seemingly
   relaxed. Kabuto’s posture was loose, almost slouched, head tilted forward so he was looking
   up through his glasses in a show of weakness. Naruto was leaning back, arms crossed behind
   his head in a way that would look casual to anyone who didn’t recognise it as his clone-
   making pose, grin easy and eyes curved in something that was just a shade too watchful to be
   his usual squinty-eyed fake cheer.

   “The matches aren’t to the death,” Sakura said, standing close enough to be friendly but not
   actually inside my personal space like Naruto would. She never did; at first, I thought it was
   because of her crush, but that was long gone. Maybe it was being the leader, being the one in
   charge who had to look out for us, maybe she felt she had to keep us at a distance. Maybe the
   way she acted was normal, and the way Naruto and I gravitated towards each other was not.
   I’d never had the same easy touches from her as I had from him, and I was surprised to
   realise how much at that moment I wanted them. I’d apparently got used to having someone
   in touching distance when I was stressed.
I ignored it. I wasn’t a little kid, getting frustrated at her for not knowing I wanted her closer
when I hadn’t asked for it was stupid. Wanting people closer because life was shit and Naruto
didn’t seem to realise what kind of enemy Kabuto was was stupid. Wanting people was
stupid. I was just - I was having a bad day. Ignore it.

“There are other things than dying,” I said, scowling at her. “I know Naruto won’t die. That’s
not the issue.”

In the arena, Hayate called the start. Neither of them moved. An orange hawk appeared in the
air, high enough up that the puff of smoke from its creation and almost instantaneous henge
went unnoticed by most of the audience - though Kabuto’s eyes flicked up to it and back
down, a tiny movement that should have been impossible to see from this distance.

I slammed the dark-eyes genjutsu down over my eyes. Fuck’s sake. Whoever designed the
sharingan was an idiot; who linked a technique to someone’s emotional state and forgot to
include a flashing neon sign to tell them when it had been activated? Particularly given I was
trying to hide the damn thing. I swear half the time I turned it on I didn’t even realise until I
twigged that I was seeing things I shouldn’t be able to. Who did that. What kind of -

Kabuto moved. He went in fast and low; taijutsu only, a brutal style that relied on one or two
viciously accurate strikes before dodging out of range. If Naruto hadn’t been familiar with
that sort of attack from fighting me the match could easily have finished then, but luckily for
Naruto he knew how to deal with it. One clone summoned to block a killing blow that was
too fast to duck under; a sweeping kick for the legs; another clone in the form of a spiked
chain to extend his reach when Kabuto backed off - in total it was maybe four seconds, then
they were back to watching each other again.

Naruto, I knew, preferred to wait and counter, turning an opponent’s attacks against them, but
Kabuto’s thoughtful frown worried me. In just that one exchange he’d learnt that Naruto used
clones far better than anyone had any right to, and that his henge - at least for his clones - was
solid. He’d learnt that Naruto’s chakra was quicker to react than his muscles were, and that
Naruto was passably accurate with a chain but certainly no weapon master. What else had he
learnt? What was he looking to learn?

“Look,” Sakura said, touching her fingers briefly against my elbow to get my attention.
“They’re watching him.”

I glanced up at the audience. They were. We were in a public display match. I failed to see
the relevance.

My lack of revelation must’ve shown, because Sakura raised an eyebrow at me. “I thought
you were the one who said the exams were still important.”

Kabuto abandoned taijutsu in favour of distance, throwing a series of shuriken in a tight
formation designed to disguise the trick-shot curving round the back. I recognised that, too;
shurikens were my jam, and unfortunately for Kabuto, that meant that - again - Naruto knew
how to counter. He clapped his hands together and blew, scattering the weapons with his gust
of wind, then spread his palms almost in a mimicry of Temari’s fan and turned the air into a
percussive blast that Kabuto had to leap away from and crouch high on the wall to avoid.
Sakura was still watching me, splitting her focus between me and the match. “Fine, yes,” I
allowed ungraciously. “You need to be promoted so you can fix things. What’s your point.”

“I don’t - nevermind. The point is that if Naruto wants to be Hokage, people need to see him
as someone who could become one. The exams aren’t just to show off to our enemies.”

I paused, swallowing my instinctive response. It wasn’t Naruto’s fault that everyone had the
wrong impression of him. They were idiots. He shouldn’t have to jump through hoops just to
prove that he was worthy of their respect. But Sakura knew that; she also knew that whether
it was his fault or not, Naruto still had an uphill battle to get people’s attention.

It was weirdly jarring to remember, again, that not everyone was living through the same life-
or-death-or-eyeballs situation I was, and that no one else had an invasion hanging over their
heads. No one else from Konoha, at least. If Kabuto was just a dick who’d used killing intent
on a fellow genin, then the most important part of Naruto’s fight was exactly what the exam
intended: to show off his skills and strategy.

As if echoing that, he filled the arena with a sea of orange. One transformation technique
later, and each clone became mist, thick and still glaringly orange - I didn’t even know he
could do that. Whether it was an outer layer made to look like mist or whether he’d actually
managed to henge into a semi-solid state I wasn't sure, but either way it achieved his purpose
of hiding him from view.

And, from the murmurs spreading through the audience, of catching people’s attention.
Sakura wasn’t wrong in what she said. Just - Kabuto. I wished I could tell them what was
happening. I wished - it wasn’t that I didn’t trust them. I did. But I couldn’t tell them. It
wasn’t up for debate, it wasn’t on the cards; there is no way to have a conversation that starts,
I’ve been lying since the day we met.

God. How paranoid did I look from the outside? I ran scared from everything. And when I
didn’t run, I treated every attacker like the end of the world, you had to beat them or die
trying because if you failed you died anyway so what’s the point. I remembered there was a
phrase, but I couldn’t remember how it went. It’s still paranoia even if they’re out to get you?
It’s not paranoia if they’re actually out to get you? Either way, I could be self aware enough
to know that I couldn’t sustain it.

I wanted it to stop.

“Why didn’t you just say that?” I asked tiredly. Kabuto used some kind of area effect ninjutsu
to clear Naruto’s mist. It revealed a dozen of him, no way to tell which was the original. “You
sound like Kakashi. What’s wrong with just saying things instead of being cryptic about them
all the time?”

A pause, then Kabuto did another jutsu, flashing through hand seals and somehow
disappearing in the aftermath. My sharingan had deactivated, I couldn’t see what he did or
even guess at the element he’d used. I had some of his taijutsu and shuriken skills memorised
but that didn’t help, given that they were almost identical to my own. Still, I didn’t need my
sharingan to recognise the way the Narutos tensed; he was listening, maybe smelling - I’d
never worked out exactly which of his senses the kyuubi heightened. Overhead, the hawk
hovered in place, though while the clone was still active Naruto wouldn’t have any way of
knowing what it saw.

“Sorry,” Sakura said, grimacing. “I didn’t mean to be cryptic. I guess I did sound like
Kakashi.”

Wherever Kabuto was hiding, Naruto couldn’t find him. He frowned, and half the versions of
him created other clones beneath them to lift them off the floor. They henged into my kitchen
stool, of all things, but it wasn’t a bad strategy; if Sakura disappeared mid spar, she was
usually waiting to come up from underground.

“If we’re being straightforward though,” Sakura continued, ignoring my lack of response.
“Then I think Naruto’s pretty happy he’s facing this guy.”

I blinked. “Why?”

The hawk dispelled; eleven of the Narutos didn’t react, but one - the original - leapt from his
orange stool a second before Kabuto dropped from above. The water jutsu Kabuto landed
with wiped out the clones, and without them Naruto bolted, Kabuto in hot pursuit. Naruto
threw a wind jutsu behind him - Kabuto dodged - a sloppy trio of orange kunai - Kabuto
dodged - split off another clone and rapidly changed direction - Kabuto killed the clone and
followed the original -

Sakura punched me lightly on the arm. “Sometimes you’re so dense, Sasuke-chan. Kabuto
attacked you. Naruto’s pissed. Beating people up is how he shows he cares.”

“What?”

In the arena, Kabuto came close enough to reach out with a glowing, scalpel-tipped hand;
Naruto turned with a wicked grin and slammed his fingers into the cross seal; the floor where
they were standing exploded upwards in a writhing tangled mess of orange clone-wire and
Kabuto’s bitten off curse was amplified around the stadium. He sliced at them, but as quickly
as his scalpels dispelled the clones more took their place. I couldn’t tell - had Naruto already
made them? He must’ve done, he couldn’t be reforming them and henging them this fast. It
was almost like watching Gaara’s sand envelope a person except luridly coloured and
marginally less lethal.

“Holy shit,” someone said behind us. Ino? “Kakashi, what are you training them for?” Oh,
Asuma.

“He worked that one out himself,” Kakashi replied, though he still sounded smug about it.

“Do you yield?” Naruto asked. He hadn’t dropped from his position, but his posture was
aggressively confident in a way that almost invited Kabuto to say no.

Weighed down by what had to be at least a hundred henged clones, Kabuto yielded. “Ah, I
guess you’re too strong for me,” he said, tilting his head so the light flashed off his glasses. “I
can’t beat you. I yield.”
Lie, a small part of me identified. Kabuto held off a sannin. But even so: Naruto’s win was
undeniably impressive. As was the way he paused, then nodded his acceptance - as though he
could have kept fighting if he wanted to, as though Hayate and the exam didn’t matter, it was
his word that ended the fight. He released the clones in a way that deliberately left Kabuto
sprawling, and when he offered him a hand to pull him up he dipped his head to say
something too low for the amplifiers to pick up. Whatever it was had Kabuto smiling
gratingly back and raising his hands disarmingly, so I could at least vaguely guess at the
message.

I glanced over at Sakura. She had her own grin, just a hint too victorious as she narrowed her
eyes at Kabuto, and I wondered madly if Naruto was the only one who was glad of the way
the matchup had gone.

I scowled. “I don’t need people defending my honour. You and Naruto don’t need to beat
people up because they were rude to me.”

On my other side, Shikamaru choked. I ignored him. Me getting mad at idiots who insulted
people I liked was an entirely different thing and he should stop seeing parallels where they
didn’t exist.

“Sasuke-chan,” Sakura started, then decided to abandon what she was going to say in favour
of shaking her head and smiling at me. “Sometimes,” she said instead, repeating her early
statement, “You are so dense. You’re our friend. We love you. Go tell Naruto congratulations
for winning his match.”

I blinked at her. She kept smiling. I nodded, mechanically, and aimed for the stairs. Behind
me Ino said something and Sakura replied, but I focussed on Naruto and didn’t listen.

“Ok, bastard?” he said, grinning, and dropped an arm over my shoulders. “Did you see?”

“I saw,” I promised him. He was practically sparkling in his enthusiasm, and I couldn’t help
it: I smiled at him, off kilter enough to offer a huff of laughter. “I saw - what was that, you
maniac.”

“That was awesome, bastard, that’s what. Do you have any idea how hard it is to learn to
hover? You think, bird, it’ll be fine, birds fly all the time - but hovering is like, it’s a whole
new skill, believe it.”

We love you.

But. I wanted to go. Konoha wasn’t safe.

“The bird was cool,” I agreed. “The actual match...” I made a teasing so-so gesture and
grinned when he jokingly pushed me away.

“Sakura-chan, tell the bastard I was awesome. Except for when he came out the sky, I thought
for sure he’d be underground - hey, do you think it’s a wind technique? Could I learn hiding
in the sky like you hide in the ground? There’s nothing to hide behind though.”
We love you.

“The third match,” Hayata said, bringing all of our attention back to the arena. Naruto slotted
in next to me, as little regard for personal space as he ever had. I didn’t move away. “Suiren
of Rain versus Shigeri of Grass.”

I tuned them out; the guy from Grass was one of the three we’d taken the earth scroll off, and
both Sakura and Naruto clearly recognised him. I didn’t know anything about his fighting
style - I’d been busy threatening his teammate - and the kunoichi from Rain was only notable
that she was another kunoichi, which meant Rain had broken the tradition of one girl per
team.

It was a shame, really, that Akatsuki were set on world domination. Rain liked kunoichi and
had coordinating purple outfits. I could get behind that.

I watched the fight with half an eye. Suiren was apparently a water user - apt, given her name
- and fought with, of all things, an umbrella. Still, the hail of senbon was kind of cool, and
seemed to be giving Shigeri a hard time so. Good for her.

It wasn’t that… It wasn’t that I didn’t know they cared for me. I mean. Teammates. Deeper
and more complicated than friendship, and I was well aware that Naruto had latched onto the
concept of precious people to an almost alarming degree. It’s just. It’s just, what the hell did I
do with it? Love was… God, I didn’t want them to love me. Did I? Love had too many
strings attached. You love someone, you give them power over you - I didn’t want that kind
of responsibility in my life. Was I meant to reciprocate? If I didn’t, would I hurt them? If I
did -

But was it actually any different? They’d already said in the forest. They’d be hurt if I died. I
didn’t want them to hurt. I didn’t want to die either, but that was kind of a given and not
really relevant, so.

Except no. No, it was relevant, it was the whole fucking point - I didn’t want to die. I didn’t
want to die, so I had to leave, I had to get out of this fucking shithole where I wasn’t safe -
why the fuck was Orochimaru even here, it’s not like I needed more people in my life who
saw me as a pair of eyeballs with some disposable schmuck stuck holding onto them. I didn’t
- that was the whole point. It had been the point since I was seven years old. It hadn’t stopped
being the fucking point because someone decided to base their happiness on my continued
existence, what kind of - how blind did you have to fucking be to pick me? What kind of
selfish prick - you love me? You love me? I don’t - I love my brother, that’s all I can manage,
you can’t ask me to - I can’t - fuck’s sake I can’t -

Someone sat down next to me and I couldn’t stop myself flinching. I grappled desperately
with myself, trying to reign in the damn panic that was flailing its way through my brain.
What was wrong with me. I was all over the place and frustration at being unable to calm
down just made it worse, if Sakura or Naruto even so much as looked at me I’d lose my grip
and just start crying and I didn’t know if I’d apologise and tell them I loved them too or
scream at them to back off because -

“Hey,” Chouji said, voice tilted low. “You want a chip?”
I blinked. In front of me, I saw a confusing mess of nothing recogniseable. I almost blinked at
it again, except I thought the colour was familiar.

“They’re not great,” Chouji continued in the same low voice. It was an effort to pick him out
among the crowd, and I strained my ears to listen. “They’re from the vending machine.
Maybe we should take it over and put better ones in, I think this packet’s mostly air.”

Dog hairs. I was seeing dog hairs. And once I worked that out, they resolved themselves from
dog hairs to dog, and from dog, laboriously, to Pakkun. He was sprawled out over my lap,
eyes closed, as if he’d gone to sleep an hour ago and left his legs stretched all over the place.
He was practically falling off, and his head was upside down. I shifted to support it better and
he whuffled in his sleep.

He wasn’t asleep. I couldn't see the arena, but it had to be the same match, and I’d been
standing up at the start of it. I didn’t remember sitting down, but there definitely hadn’t been
enough time for him to sleep.

“It’s so the chips don’t break,” I managed, interrupting whatever Chouji had moved on to
saying. He paused, and tilted his head to listen. “The air. They fill the packets with air so the
chips don’t end up in pieces.”

“They need better chips then,” he said. “We don’t put this much air in ours. Maybe it’s
because it’s a vending machine, I think there’s something about stopping them going stale.
What if we had a food stall? I bet people would want hot food. I’d want hot food.
Okonomiyaki. And a crepe cart. You could put fruit in yours.”

“I like fruit,” I agreed. The chip packet appeared in my vision again and I took one on auto
pilot, eating it without really registering the taste. Though he was right; they weren’t as good
as the ones he usually had. I glanced over to see what the packet was, and noticed that his
skin was patchily flushed and he was leaning more against the back of the bench for support
than he usually would.

“You need the hospital.” I meant it, and I was worried, but it came out oddly flat and distant.
“How long does your soldier pill last?”

“Long enough. I’m fine, don’t worry - I know what my limit feels like, I won’t push myself
past it.”

“I think I already did,” I said without thinking. Then amended, “I’m not. I’m - shit. Sorry,
Chouji. Ignore me. I’m being an idiot.”

He hummed. “I don’t think you’re an idiot,” he said. “You reckon they’ll have better food in
the hospital? I’ve never had to stay for a meal.”

And - that was it. Team Seven was messy and emotional and so important it hurt, but Chouji
just liked sharing chips. I loved Chouji. I loved - did he know? How much I loved him? No
strings attached, no responsibilities, I didn’t expect him to do anything about it, I just - I
loved him. And Pakkun, who’d managed to oh so casually move his paw so his soft paw pads
were resting against my fingers. And - Naruto and Sakura were standing by the rail,
pretending to watch the match with a studied enthusiasm that wouldn’t even fool the fish, let
alone any ninja walking past. They were angled to both be facing in slightly different
directions, their shoulders tilted out even while their attention was supposedly caught on
whatever was happening in the arena, and if you ignored their deliberately calm expressions
you’d mistake them for holding a defensive guard.

It twisted in my stomach. How could I say I loved them, if I knew that leaving would hurt
them and I was going to do it anyway. How could I say I was going to leave if I loved them.

“They have pudding,” I said, obliging Pakkun with his scritches and turning back to Chouji.
“I think it’s chocolate? They might have other flavours.”

“Chocolate pudding.” He considered it. “That’s not so bad. We could get takeaway though,
right? I know medics are meant to be strict but they wouldn’t mind takeaway.”

“I’ll sneak some in for you,” I promised.

He smiled at me. “That’d be nice. Thank you. We could have pork buns, and mochi. Sorry for
not getting any, the vending machine only has chips and soda.”

Mochi. Chouji, what the hell. I didn’t want to cry. “You’ll just have to take it over,” I said.
“Start a vending machine business and make sure you can get mochi anywhere in the village.
It’s a human right. No one would stop you.”

“I’d stop me,” he protested. “I prefer restaurants. Also I’d be rubbish at a business, get Ino to
do it. Though, maybe ask her later.”

I wrinkled my nose. “Later? Why?”

“Because -”

“Forehead,” Ino gushed, throwing herself back into the group in a sweaty, bleeding sprawl.
“I'm in love. She's beautiful. When she jumped up - her scroll! I need to know how she does
that. You’re amazing, I love how you punch things, but we’re too comfortable fighting
against each other. I need a real rival in my life and I’ve found her.”

What. The hell?

“You missed her match,” Pakkun said from my lap, keeping his eyes screwed shut in pretence
of still being asleep even while he squirmed his way to the best position for belly rubs. “She
fought one of the other leaf puppies and lost.”

“She doesn’t seem to mind,” I said for want of a better response, watching in mild alarm as
Ino draped herself dramatically over the railing and started sighing about that thing with the
bo-staff I could swoon and seriously, taijutsu goals, do you think she’d spar with me if I
bribed her. “Who was she against?”

“Tenten, I think?” Chouji said. “I didn’t recognise her, but she looked about our age. Maybe
she was in the year above at the academy?”
“Tenten,” I repeated. Tenten. What the hell. I mean, she was an excellent weapon user and
with Gai as a sensei her taijutsu would hardly not be brutal, but there was something so weird
about the fact that Ino hadn’t faced Sakura. Not that any of the other matches had lined up to
what they’d been before, and Tenten was still a leaf ninja which made sense; no one wanted a
Yamanaka rifling through their minds at the best of times, letting Ino fight someone from
another village was probably a diplomatic nightmare.

Speaking of Sakura, she was pulling Ino off the railings with an eyeroll and an instruction to
stop bleeding everywhere. If she was threatened by her best friend declaring that she had a
new rival, she didn’t show it. Which was probably for the best, even if Ino had acquired the
new rival by getting the shit beaten out of her. Did Tenten even know she’d gained a fan?
Seriously, all those years at the academy with Ino fixating on me like she had - could I have
avoided them if I’d told Sakura to fight her properly instead?

“Chouji, in the nicest possible way, your teammate is nuts.”

“She is, isn’t she?” he answered, and dammit he sounded pleased.

At the risk of sounding repetitive, what, pray tell, the hell.



After Ino was Kankuro, fighting the other of the two boys from Grass. Kankuro won fairly
easily, and after him Tsurugi Misumi fought Fuyo, the last of the team from Rain - and, I was
surprised to note, another kunoichi. I’d thought the girl-boy-boy or all boy formation was
standard given how many other villages seemed to follow it; maybe Rain was odd in that
way, or maybe I’d just been paying less attention than I should have been? She lost,
unfortunately, and Misumi advanced; he was one of the other two on Kabuto’s team, the one
that stretched himself like putty, and though I hadn’t actually interacted with him there would
have been something cathartic about him being humiliatingly beaten.

Still, though, the match after that was Lee against Yoroi Akado, the other of Kabuto’s
teammates (I was pretty sure both of them were also traitors? I couldn’t remember precisely,
but just being on his team was enough for me not to like them) and there my wishes of a
humiliating defeat were well and truly fulfilled. Lee demolished him. He had the chakra
absorbing, sure, but you can’t absorb what you can’t catch; Lee didn’t even take his weights
off and his speed levels were still awe inspiring. It almost - almost - made up for the way he
thought he could win Sakura’s heart by beating me in a spar, or whatever ridiculous notion
he’d come up with when he quite literally crashed into us before the exam. Something about
youth. I’d blocked it out of my memory. If Ino’s newfound destiny to train with Tenten
brought Lee’s insanity back into my life, there’d be hell, and I wouldn’t be the one suffering
from it.

Somehow. I’d work the specifics out later, and with any luck Kakashi would be able to help.

With Lee’s match won, it left six of us still to fight. Me, Sakura, Shikamaru, and Neji on the
Konoha front, plus Gaara and the red haired kunoichi from Grass. It didn’t really matter to
me who I was paired with; if it was Sakura I’d do my best to fight so she could demonstrate
how completely she outclassed everyone else, but with the others I’d forfeit straight away.
Provided Gaara would let me, though I didn’t think he’d try to stop me. In the slight pause
after Lee’s match - he’d slammed Yoroi so hard against the wall that they’d needed a doton
user to come and fix the crevice - I nudged Pakkun over to Chouji and leaned out over the
railing to see if I could see where Gaara was. His red hair should at least be visible given how
rare it was, but I didn’t spot him and I didn’t feel like activating my eyes to check.

Sakura put her elbows on the railing next to me, staring out the other side of the arena.

“Sorry,” she said, quietly enough that the others couldn’t hear it. Another day, I might have
reacted, but if I let myself think too hard about the love problem I’d just go round in circles
again and I didn’t want to. It was easier to pretend it didn’t exist, so I just turned my head to
her curiously.

“What for? You didn’t do anything.”

She made an unhappy noise, but kept looking forward. “Something’s wrong. And I don’t
have a bloodline so maybe I don’t understand, but I don’t think it’s that. Or not only that. And
I’m not - I’m not saying this because I want you to tell me or because it’s an excuse for not
being able to help, I just…” Her face twisted down in a frustrated frown. “I don’t know what
to do and I want to help but I’m not and I’m sorry.”

I watched her for a long second, mind too tired to fully work through everything that meant. I
saw Naruto over her shoulder, subtly checking on us and shifting like he wanted to come over
but had been told to stay put. “Yeah,” I said turning forward again. “Something’s wrong.
Don’t be sorry. It’s not your fault.”

“That’s not how it works,” she protested. Then, hesitantly, “What can I do?”

What could she do. Million dollar question. Complicated answer. I shrugged, because hell if I
knew wasn't what she was looking for, and just then what I actually wanted from her was,
“Come see the fish? They’re nice, I promise. They like it if you give them ripples to play
with, but mostly all they want is food.”

In the arena, the doton user finished patching the wall. The next match would start soon.

“... The fish,” Sakura repeated, nodding, and to her credit she didn’t ask why. “Ok. I thought
you didn’t like fish?”

“They grew on me. It’s not their fault they live underwater and can’t leave their pond.”

“The next match,” Hayate said, restarting the jutsu that powered the announcement board. I
leaned back and caught Naruto’s eye; the speed with which he turned his head towards us
showed how closely he had to have been watching, and I felt a flicker of what might’ve been
guilt before I squashed it. Things were bad enough as it was, it was shit that I made him feel
like he had to stay away for fear of upsetting me but it was shit that my brain decided to let
itself be upset. Unless the guilt would help me work out how to fix things, I didn’t want it. I
raised an eyebrow at him instead and offered a small smile, and he grinned at me in relief in
return.
“Uchiha Sasuke -” I looked forward but stayed loose and relaxed because I’d meant it when I
said I didn’t care about the match. “- against Uzumaki Karin.”

What.

My hands gripped the railing and my eyes went wide in surprise. What. “Uzumaki?”
someone said, and I could feel the attention shifting to Naruto. Across the other side of the
room I saw Karin get up and start making her way down to the arena - red hair, how could I
not have twigged the red hair, hadn’t I literally just been thinking about how rare it was? -
and I realised with a kind of numb disbelief that she was the Grass kunoichi I’d threatened in
the forest.

“Oh my god.”

“Bastard,” Naruto said urgently, coming up behind me. “That’s -”

“I held a kunai to her neck,” I said distantly. “Naruto, I held a kunai to your cousin’s neck.”

“We don’t know she’s his cousin,” Sakura said, but she sounded as shocked as the rest of us.

“She said I wouldn’t kill her,” I continued, “Because I was Konoha and she thinks Konoha’s
soft, but I said I was Uchiha and I would and she hates me.”

“You didn’t though. I was there, you just knocked her out. Maybe she doesn’t hate you.”

I made a distressed noise, because he was right. He had been there - or a clone of him at least
- which meant Karin probably hated him too and that wasn’t right. “I’ll talk to her,” I
promised, belatedly checking my dead arm was still strapped down and hopping onto the
railing in preparation to drop down for the match. “She’s family, she should know you’re
good.”

“Bastard wait -”

I grabbed one of the pieces of debris (there were a lot to choose from) and kawarimid in to
stand opposite her, more because the stairs took too long and I’d already dawdled than for
any kind of dramatic entrance. From the way her expression soured though when she saw me
I guessed it didn’t quite come across.

Hayate nodded at both of us. “Put your hand up to yield and make sure you say it clearly,” he
instructed. “If your opponent has yielded, any further attacks against them will be stopped.
Do not use jutsu or weapons that will harm the audience, and if you fall unconscious, it will
count as a loss. Understood?”

“Perfectly,” Karin spat, glaring. I nodded, wide eyed, trying to see the similarities between
her and Naruto now I knew to look for them. It was hard to see with her glasses but her eyes,
maybe, turned up the same at the corners, and though Naruto was more tanned Karin’s pale
skin and red hair was an almost perfect match to Kushina’s.

“Very well,” Hayate said, stepping back and tapping his cheek to reactivate his amplifier seal.
“Begin!”
Chapter End Notes



    Sasuke: my brother killed the clan because he loves me and i've been lying to people for
    years because i love him. the concept of other people loving me is dangerous and
    terrifying in a way i don't fully understand or know how to deal with, and when i say i
    love chouji i have to specify that it's not a love that demands anything of him. the idea of
    him loving me back is - alien. outside the realms of possibility. so obviously not the case
    that it didn't even occur to me to mention it in my thoughts. love is complicated, and
    threatening, and too important to mess around with.

    Ino: I see a taijutsu queen, I get utterly destroyed by a taijutsu queen, I am in love.
                      Chapter 28: Chunin exam arc, part two: III
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I didn’t move straight away, holding myself tense and ready to dodge while my mind
   scrambled to work out how to do this. If I forfeited, I doubted I’d get another chance to talk
   to Karin. But given that one of the points on my list was to apologise for threatening to kill
   her, I didn’t think that holding her at knife point and forcing her to listen would go down
   well.

   “Karin,” I started carefully, keeping my voice low enough that it wouldn’t be broadcast to the
   audience. “Can we -” I ducked first the kunai she threw, then the high kick she followed it
   with. Talk, I’d been going to say, but I guessed the answer was no. “Wait,” I tried, spinning
   out the way of another blow. “Wait, I don’t - shit.” I went to deflect a punch on instinct and
   forgot that arm didn’t work, and resorted to dropping down and swapping out with a loose
   piece of rubble behind her. At least in that Lee had done me a favour - I had pretty much full
   maneuverability over the field with my kawarimi thanks to the amount of damage he’d done
   to the floor, and I used my new position to sweep a foot strike at her ankles and switch out of
   range when she stumbled.

   “I don’t want to fight,” I said hurriedly. “I’m sorry for taking your scroll, I didn’t know who
   you were.”

   “The fuck does that have to do with anything,” she snarled, regaining her balance. “You think
   I’m mad about the scroll?”

   Okay, no, that was fair. “And threatening to kill you. I was never actually going to, I swear,
   and neither was -” Dodge, again; her taijutsu was decently fast and each strike was powerful,
   but her attacks were poorly linked together and she wasn’t following through with any
   openings she made. At a guess, she’d been given rudimentary instruction and otherwise left
   to teach herself, and I wondered why Grass had bothered to send her to the exams if they’d
   been so lax in preparing her.

   “Neither was Naruto,” I continued from her other side. “He - would you stop that?”

   “What, so you can win? Fuck off and die, Leaf.”

   I switched, again, this time avoiding the spray of shuriken she’d flung at me, and landed in
   close enough to make a grab for her weapons pouch. “I’m not Leaf,” I hissed. “I told you, I’m
   Uchiha. Give me - thank you.”

   Naturally, she flashed her hands through an earth jutsu and pelted me with rocks, and I was
   annoyed enough to use her own shuriken from the pouch I’d stolen and throw them back at
   her. Annoyed enough, apparently, to misjudge how fast she could evade, and though one of
   the shuriken skimmed past her thigh and left a thin trail of blood in its wake the other
   thudded into her chest and stuck there.
“Fuck’s sake did no one ever teach you to duck - don’t pull it out! The hell are you -”

She bit her forearm viciously, glaring at me as she did so, and I faltered. It was a hell of a
way to stare someone down. It also made what had been a serious wound in her chest close
up and stop bleeding, so points, but also, ew. “Listen,” I said, trying to cram as many words
into the short break as possible. “I’m really not trying to hurt you. You’re Uzumaki. Uchiha
like Uzumaki. Naruto’s Uzumaki. You’re cousins. We should -” She finished healing; I
switched, and dodged, and privately thought that she and Naruto would get on just fine. Both
of them were stubborn and fucking relentless, they’d love each other.

“You’re really not trying to hurt me?” she repeated scornfully, and I winced, because when
she said it like that it did sound a bit patronising. But - come on. She just wasn’t that good at
taijutsu. I couldn’t remember if she got better later, but at the moment she hadn’t been trained
nearly enough and even with one arm down I’d easily kept her from landing a single hit.

“Look, just talk to Naruto, ok? He’s better at it than me. He -” The chain appeared out of
nowhere, slamming into the side with my bad arm hard enough that even though the arm was
numb I felt the impact in my ribs. I’m pretty sure she cracked them with the force of it, and I
scrambled into a kawarimi right to the edge of the arena wall.

Ok. So. This was not going well.

“Bastard!” Naruto yelled from above me, and I craned my head back to look up at him. “Stop
getting hurt!”

“No,” I gasped, feigning shock. “You think? You know I never thought of that.”

“Damnit, I meant -” I switched again, cutting him off, and Karin’s chain buried itself in the
wall where I’d been standing. How many kawarimis in a row was this? I couldn’t keep going
forever. Nor could I talk to her from this distance, and honestly, I probably had a better
chance of fighting her if I got in close and forced her to fall back on taijutsu.

I came in low again, aiming for her legs. “I’m not your enemy,” I said, hooking my foot
behind her knee and unbalancing her. “I’m not trying to recruit you or mess with your head.”
Elbow up, forcing her chin back and making her abandon her punch to block me. “I just want
you to talk to your cousin, ok? Just talk.” Turn the elbow strike into a grab for her shoulder,
twisting as I pulled it down and forced her to the floor. She retaliated by recalling the chain
and using the momentum of it to swing the end at my head like a club. I barely slapped it
aside with my own arm of water chakra before it could crush my face, and I took a moment
while I had her pinned to stare at the crater it left beside us in shock.

“Holy shit that’s overpowered. Are all Uzumaki this insanely strong? Don’t answer that,
that’s a stupid question.”

“Do you ever shut up,” she hissed. I blinked at her in surprise.

“Yes? I’m the quiet one.”

“Bullshit.”
She struggled, but with both knees pinning her torso and my good hand still holding her
shoulder down with the forearm angled across her throat, she wasn’t going anywhere.

“Stay,” I told her. She snapped her teeth at me and growled. Rude. I shifted awkwardly until I
replaced the hand on her shoulder with one of my knees, keeping her chain held down with
my chakra arm to stop her attacking with it again. This would be a really useful time to have
both hands working, but seeing as I only had one and needed it, this would have to do.

“I’m not giving up,” she said. “Just because you think you’ve won -”

“Talk. To your damn cousin. Family’s important, even if they’re as annoying as you.”

“Annoying -”

I raised my hand, turning my head to seek out Hayate. “I forfeit,” I said once I’d found him,
pitching my voice to be picked up by the amplifiers and heard round the stadium. Karin bit
off the rest of her sentence with a startled inhalation, but I didn’t look at her.

Hayate hesitated. “Are you sure?” he asked, eyes flicking between Karin and me in a way
that said he’d happily call the match in my favour if I asked.

I resisted the urge to roll my eyes and be sarcastic. Barely, but I still did it. “I forfeit,” I
repeated. “Uzumaki wins.” And, though it was probably a mistake, I let both her and her
chain go and pushed myself to my feet, then gave her a final nod and turned to walk back to
the stands.

There was a pause. Then, “Winner,” Hayate announced - though he still sounded dubious
about it - “Uzumaki Karin.”

Stupid. He wouldn’t be dubious if he’d been the one fighting that chain. Did the entire world
have a thing against giving Uzumaki kids proper training? Karin and Naruto both, born with
ridiculous advantages that should’ve seen them basically unstoppable by this stage except no
one had bothered to show them what to do with it. Naruto at least had a few months with us
to rectify, but what were Grass doing with Karin? It wasn’t like she had a bijuu in her that
they were scared of like Naruto had, so what was their excuse?

“Hey.”

I froze for a second and nearly stumbled.

“Hey.”

They were Uzumaki. Someone had been scared enough of them - of the whole clan - and the
result was the destruction of Whirlpool. Maybe it hadn’t been the same as the betrayal the
Uchiha had faced, but. In a way, it was, and I couldn’t deny the sudden surge of kinship I felt
towards them for it. Both of them, even if Karin hated me. Clan wasn’t about getting along
with people, it was about having their backs against whichever village was mistreating them,
and even if I couldn’t remember enough about Karin from canon to know for sure that Grass
counted - wasn’t she meant to be with Orochimaru? - I had the evidence at least to say that
she wasn’t being treated as well as she deserved.

“Hey asshole, what gives you the right to just forfeit and walk away like that?” She grabbed
my shoulder - the bad one, and the parts of it that weren’t numb twinged painfully - and
yanked me round to face her.

“Karin,” I said, surprised and hiding my wince. “Why are you here?”

She glared. “Are you kidding me? I wasn’t done! You don’t get to spout all this crap about
family and then fuck off like it doesn’t matter.”

I… what? I tried to read her expression, but she was wielding her anger like a defensive mask
and I couldn’t see past it. “I literally said though,” I protested. “Family’s important. Of course
it matters. Go find Naruto, make him explain.” I looked back over my shoulder to see where
he was, and Karin made a frustrated sound and moved to block my gaze.

“Yeah and then you forfeited and went all dramatic and quit on me like some tragic hero.
Don’t talk big if you don’t mean it, dick.”

I glared back at her, my own frustration rising. “I’m neither tragic nor hero,” I said. “I’m
Uchiha. If anyone’s dramatic it’s -”

“Finish that sentence, Uchiha, I fucking dare -”

“Bastard!” Naruto announced, stepping between us with a grin that was entirely too cheerful
to be real. Also the fangs were back. Had the fangs ever actually gone? If he wasn’t careful
he’d end up stuck with them like an Inuzuka. “Good fight. Thank you for talking to her for
me. Next time please forfeit before you get hurt. Let’s go.”

“Excuse me?” Karin sputtered. I stepped round them both.

“Karin, this is your cousin. Naruto, I know, but I brought you a cousin. Go me.” I made
vague shooing motions at them and started walking up the steps again to our seats. “Play
nice, kids.”

“You didn’t bring me anywhere,” Karin said hotly, jogging to keep up. Naruto appeared on
my other side just as quickly, and I couldn’t tell if the expression he wore was an oh-my-god-
a-cousin expression or a bastard-no expression. If it was the latter, that was unfair, because
had he seriously expected me to just forfeit and walk away at the start of the match? I just got
you a damn present you berk, stop focussing on the negatives.

“Next match,” Hayate announced as we reached the part of the stands we’d claimed. Karin
hesitated, clearly remembering that she’d just followed an enemy and was now faced with not
only two teams from another village but also their senseis - which was ridiculous, we
wouldn’t let anyone do anything to her. I took advantage though and sidled past her to sit
with Sakura, holding myself still with remarkable calm when the first thing she did was lean
back so Kakashi could check the damage Karin did to my arm.
“Nara Shikamaru versus Sabaku no Gaara!”



Silence. Shikamaru looked like he was going to throw up. Chouji went impossibly paler, and
he was already pretty wan to start with.

“Forfeit,” I blurted. “You don’t even want to be chunin.”

“That’s Shikamaru’s call,” Asuma chided me, though he did at least seem troubled. I ignored
him; he didn’t know Gaara, he hadn’t been in the forest when Shikamaru last faced him and
nearly died. I didn’t know what Team Ten had told him or how much he’d learnt from other
sources, but his starting point was that the exams mattered, and as far as I was concerned that
was fundamentally wrong.

“You have to forfeit,” I insisted. “It’s not worth dying for.” Or risking dying, or - I trusted
Gaara, and he’d backed off every time so far I’d told him to, but that didn’t make me blind.
Facing him was a risk, and if Shikamaru actually tried to attack him - worse, if he succeeded
- no. Not worth it.

“Shikamaru knows how he fights though,” Ino said, looking between us hesitantly. “If he has
a plan, and they’ll stop the fight if it goes wrong…?” She glanced up at Asuma for
confirmation and I was reminded, sharply, that the forest had been Team Ten’s first major
combat. Hell, Ino had still been worrying about the damn exams being fair. They’d taken c-
ranks before, but from what they’d said they’d been routine and low level; they weren’t the
right formation for heavy fighting and Asuma was cautious enough to give them an easy
introduction to missions.

Not cautious enough to keep them out of the exam to begin with though, even if it was meant
to be a safe one because of being held in Konoha. Ino’s faith in Shikamaru was sweet, but if
it was meant to give him confidence it didn’t and he didn’t look any less nauseous as he made
his way down into the arena. Gaara, true to his deadpan but dramatic nature, appeared in a
swirl of sand.

“Forfeit your match, forfeit this match,” Karin said, wrinkling her nose in distaste. “Do you
always give up?”

“Don’t accuse someone of giving up if you don’t know what their goal is,” Sakura told her
sharply.

I tuned them out. Kakashi was harder to ignore; he didn’t touch my arm, but he did rest a
subtly glowing hand against my ribs and my shoulders fell in relief as the cold feeling
leeched some of the pain away.

“Cracked,” he confirmed quietly. “Not badly, a medic nin can fix them. I can’t do anything
for your arm.”

I glanced down at it briefly, loath to take my eyes off the arena. Hayate had almost finished
giving his instructions, and with the jacket and splint over it, I couldn’t actually see what
damage Karin had done with her chain. It wasn’t bleeding, and all pieces were still attached,
so it was probably fine.

“After the matches,” I dismissed, turning to face forward again. I thought for a second
Kakashi was going to protest, but I caught his unhappy nod from the corner of my eye and
that was enough for me.

Hayate raised his hand, stepping back to the edge. “Begin!”

Almost before he’d finished speaking Shikamaru had leapt back. He didn’t bother sending
out his shadow - Gaara had proved already that he didn’t need to move to control his sand -
but he did land high on the arena wall to try and buy himself time, and crouched on his heels
with his back against the stone so at least one side of him was protected. His hand was
already lifting, ready to forfeit, and Ino leaned out over the railing with wide eyes to watch.

Gaara’s sand closed over his wrist, pulling his hand back down and trapping it against
Shikamaru’s hip. “No,” he said, flat and immovable, directing the rest of his sand to tug
Shikamaru off the wall. Shikamaru tried to catch what he could in his shadow, but with only
one hand to form the yin seal he needed his attempt wasn’t strong enough to do more than
slow Gaara down.

“Don’t do it,” I mumbled, stare fixed on Gaara. “I know you’re still confused but c’mon
Gaara. Don’t do it.”

He can’t have heard me. Even Naruto’s sharper hearing would’ve struggled to pick me up
from that distance, but his eyes flicked to mine all the same. His expression didn’t change,
slight frown over the familiar blankness, but I held his gaze and willed him not to do it.

He didn’t pause. There was no hesitation - or at least, none that I could see, but I knew him
well enough that I thought I would’ve recognised if he was conflicted. He wasn’t. His mind
was already made up, probably had been as soon as he knew who he was facing, and as the
strongest genin - probably one of the strongest ninja - in the arena, no one was going to make
him change it.

Without breaking eye contact, he raised his hand, and announced, slowly and clearly: “I
forfeit.”

There was a hushed silence round the arena. This wasn’t like my fight with Karin, where I’d
gone in injured and taken more damage while I was there. Anyone who’d seen Gaara fight
before knew that he vastly outclassed the competition - hell, anyone with eyes could see that
Shikamaru wasn’t going to win this, and that his only hope had been to forfeit before he
could be attacked and Gaara had stopped him even doing that.

So he could yield instead.

And tilt his head at me, uncertainty threatening to shake his confidence when all I did was
stare. And - I didn’t know when I became so important. I’d hoped, and he’d saved me back in
the forest, and I knew he could be so much more than the emotionless killer he acted, but if
you asked me to explain why he listened to me when I didn’t even have anything coherent to
say? No. I couldn’t. Best I could come up with was that he’d already wanted to change and I
was just an excuse. But - but he’d spared Shikamaru, once in the forest and again here, and he
was still waiting for me to tell him he did the right thing even as he set Shikamaru down on
the floor and let him go, and I -

I grinned at him. Sagged forward in relief and practically laughed with giddiness. “I told
you,” I said. “I told you he was good. Yes Gaara. You beautiful summer child, I’m so proud of
you.”

He straightened his head, and he didn’t smile but his expression settled into something that
was definitely a contented satisfaction, even if it looked like his usual blank frown to
someone who didn’t know him. But I did. I did, and I was right, and he was good.

“In what universe did you ever think you were the quiet one,” Karin asked. “Your emotions
give me whiplash. Are all Uchiha like you?”

“Uchiha don't give people whiplash,” I told her distractedly. “We’re notoriously reserved and
straight faced.” Then, moving straight past her frankly insulting disbelief, I turned to Naruto
and Sakura, still high on the joy of Gaara not killing Shikamaru. “You get it now," I said. "He
- you saw what he did, right?”

“We saw,” Sakura assured me, though she didn’t look quite as enthused as I was. That was
ok; she’d not properly met Gaara yet. She didn’t know he was a friend.

“Yeah, saw the way he kept staring at you,” Naruto added, and from his expression he was a
touch beyond not enthused and verging on protective anger again. I rolled my eyes at him.

“Stop that,” I said. “You could be wary of him when you thought he was a threat, but now
you know he’s not. Play nice.”

Behind us, I could feel Kakashi holding himself in that particular i’m-not-tense-you’re-tense
pose that said there was something he desperately wanted to say but was holding himself
back from. Sakura and Naruto, on the other hand, had no such restraint.

“He killed four people at the tower,” Sakura said, frowning. “He didn’t even need to, he just
did. The fact that he’s latched onto you for whatever reason makes him more of a threat, not
less.”

“Maybe I’m helping him,” I retorted. “I didn’t tell him not to kill those people by the tower.”
I think I’d explicitly told him he could do what he wanted in that regards, so long as he left
the people I liked alone. “And he backed off Chouji when I asked. And Shikamaru. He
backed off Shikamaru twice. And saved my life. From where I’m standing, he’s golden.”

Kakashi’s pose adjusted to I’m-very-definitely-not-tense-but-if-I-was-I’d-be-vibrating, and I
set my jaw and stuck to what I said. The ins and outs would take too long to explain. Besides,
explanations weren’t my thing, Sakura could fill him in.

“Uzumaki broke your arm and you invited her up to join us,” Shikamaru said, slouching his
way back into the group. “Your judgement of golden is iffy.”
Iffy. Iffy. You know what? I was going to ignore that word choice. Be mature. Focus on the
bigger picture. “Karin’s family. She’s fine. And she’s not breaking anyone’s arm now.
Besides, look. You’re alive! It’s a miracle.”

“I - wait, I broke your arm?”

The look Shikamaru levelled at me said exactly how little he appreciated my miracle. He
hadn’t quite stopped looking sick, and I wondered if it hadn’t yet sunk in that the match was
over. Although, actually, being trapped in sand again only a couple of days after nearly dying
to it probably wasn’t the best thing that ever happened to him, and I should maybe be a bit
more understanding of his bad mood. I tried to rein myself into a more appropriate level of
positivity, and kicked out at his shin as he went past.

“I’m glad you’re still alive,” I told him sincerely. “If he’d actually killed you I promise I’d be
pissed at him.”

He snorted. “I’m glad my death would be avenged with a strict telling off,” he drawled in
response, then shook his head. “Sometimes I regret giving you a second chance. You’re
troublesome.”

I blinked. “A second chance? What did I do with the first one?”

That got me a stink eye, and honestly, I didn’t think I deserved it. I was a delight. Most of the
time. Gaara liked me.

“The final match: Hyuuga Neji versus Haruno Sakura!”

Putting aside my many charming qualities, I gave Sakura a supportive nod and elbowed
Karin out the way so Chouji had an unobstructed view of the arena. He was looking… not
great, but better now that Shikamaru was sat next to him. I cast a quick eye over his bag of
chips, but it’d been replaced by a can of corn soup - which he’d dutifully opened and was
working his way through, so at least he was still eating, even if I detected Ino’s hand in the
choice of what exactly that eating was.

Speaking of Ino, she seemed decidedly shaken after Shikamaru’s match. I guess… she
assumed he’d have a plan? We already knew from pitting him against Sakura that he
preferred having time to work things out rather than being forced to come up with something
on the spot. Maybe she chalked the disaster in the forest up to them being taken by surprise -
I hadn’t actually asked what had happened before we’d arrived, I’d been too focussed on the
aftermath - but seeing Shikamaru genuinely scared even after he’d had time to think of
possible counters…

Or maybe I was projecting. Ino was a lot more Sakura’s friend than mine, and I didn’t
understand how she thought at the best of times. Sakura, though, I did understand, and I
could see from her expression as she joined Neji in the arena that she was cycling through
and discarding ideas as she rapidly assessed her opponent. I switched my gaze to Neji and
tried to follow what I thought her analysis would be.
He was calm. Confident, almost arrogantly so. Long hair not tied up; strong enough or fast
enough that he wasn’t worried about enemies grabbing it. Bandages but no signs of injury;
either a close combat fighter who got hurt and needed to carry more bandages than would fit
in his weapon pouch, or a taijutsu user relying on their compression to prevent stress
fractures. Hyuuga taijutsu was precise and notoriously delicate. It was in the name. For Neji
to be taking precautions against stress fractures despite that said a lot for how aggressively he
used his gentle fist.

At least, it did to me, but I had the benefit of foreknowledge. Sakura didn’t. She was just
smart. Stupidly smart. On paper she was a taijutsu specialist going up against someone who
absolutely dominated close combat and she was doomed to lose from the start - which,
unacceptable, if I ever found out who rigged these damn matches they were going down for
this - but on the other hand, close combat was Sakura’s jam. I had faith. She needed to fix
Konoha, therefore she needed to be chunin, therefore she needed to win. Simple.

Hayate stepped back, announcing the beginning of the match. For a moment Neji and Sakura
just stared at each other, then he raised an eyebrow (yes, I had the sharingan back on, it’d
activated at some point when I was trying to read Gaara’s mental state and I hadn’t bothered
to turn it off) and asked, “Haruno. Clanless?”

Sakura’s expression hardened. “Civilian.”

Neji nodded, as if she’d confirmed his suspicion. “This match is already over. You lost when
you were paired against me, there is no point fighting what is inevitable.”

“Indulge me,” she said, with far more restraint than I personally thought Neji warranted, and
shifted forward into a taijutsu stance. Her first few attacks were wary, gauging Neji’s speed
and perception. I recognised in them a lot of the tactics she used on me - I was fast, with my
kawarimi I was unpredictable, and if I had the sharingan on I was very difficult to surprise
with anything but the most well-hidden feints. It was logical for her to try the same tactics,
though even her subtlest attempts at hiding didn’t work on Neji, for obvious reasons; he
couldn’t predict her as well as I could, but she couldn’t hide from him and after the first
couple of passes she stopped trying.

Tricky, given that one of her favourite moves was to spring out of the ground and one-shot
people.

On the other hand, his counters and blocks followed clearly defined patterns, and by
engaging Sakura each time instead of dodging away he was giving her ample time to learn
the steps. Suspiciously ample time, and Sakura backed off with a scowl.

“You’re not taking this seriously.”

“You asked me to indulge you,” he pointed out. “I’m demonstrating the ways in which we are
different. With my eyes, I can see everything; you can attack me a thousand times but no
matter how many times you do, you cannot beat my defence.”

Sakura’s reply was too quiet, and it dropped beneath the amplifier jutsu. I made a sound of
frustration and leaned forward to try and see better - Neji was facing me, and though I wasn’t
a lip reader it made it a lot easier to hear him. With Sakura facing away I was relying entirely
on my ears, and unfortunately they weren’t red with tomoe to help me out.

“She won’t know ‘till she tries,” Naruto filled in for me. “I don’t like this guy.”

“No one likes this guy. I’m pretty sure this guy doesn’t like this guy. Yet. You should tell him
people make their own fate, then he’d realise he’s wrong and stop being such a downer.”

Naruto went to reply, but I flapped a hand to shush him because Neji was speaking again.
“Trying changes nothing. Your life is determined from birth, and your destiny is fixed. Hard
work is meaningless against the abilities and talents you are born with, and you -”

Sakura went in hard and fast, fist out for a throat punch that would crush his windpipe if it
connected. He raised his left arm in a sweeping block that pushed her aside and let her
momentum carry her forward over his shoulder, allowing him to bring his right hand in an
open-palmed jyuken strike aimed at her unguarded chest. I saw Sakura’s muscles flex the
second before his hand would have reached her and, with her forearm now level with the side
of his neck, her chainsaw blades sprung out. He twisted immediately into a deflective spin
that sent her flying back; she landed in a defensive crouch, flicking her chainsaw blades back
in and slamming her fist into the ground in the same movement. The earth didn’t break, but
the cracks and vibrations seemed to disrupt Neji enough for her to risk a second attack,
sweeping low and trying to get his feet while staying out of range of his hands.

It didn’t work - either Neji had been bluffing about his defense being disrupted, or he was
quick enough to recover it - and when Sakura retreated again, she was favouring her left
knee.

“I’ve sealed the tenketsu point,” he said, coming to a halt so abruptly that his hair kept
swinging round for a second afterwards. He looked as flat and unruffled as he had before, not
even acknowledging that Sakura’d been a split second away from outright decapitating him.
Either he was an idiot or his control of his emotionless mask was just that good, because I
knew firsthand that having Sakura’s chainsaws that close to your head was an extremely
ruffling experience.

“Give up,” he continued. “You tried. You failed. You were always going to fail. Go home and
accept your place in life; you’ll only hurt yourself more if you don’t.”

“I really don’t like this guy,” Naruto complained. “Giving up’s wrong. No wonder he thinks
destiny controls everything if he gives up all the time.”

I hummed. Yes, on the whole, Neji’s worldview needed correcting, but he wasn’t completely
wrong. Being born with a byakugan was a hell of an advantage compared to everything
Sakura had had to fight against to get where she was. But, given that Naruto’s own ‘destiny’
so far had been to be orphaned, neglected, and hated for things he couldn’t control, he
probably already knew that. “Giving up’s not always bad. Shikamaru wasn’t wrong to try and
forfeit. Sometimes there are fights you can’t win.” If I was into not giving up, I’d call Danzo
out and save all the kids in ROOT. Get justice for my family. Bring Itachi home and make
people acknowledge him for who he was, not for what he was forced to do.
Stay with Naruto to watch his back while he proved that he wasn’t the demon people saw him
as. Stay with Sakura to help her sort out the clan-civilian divide and fix Konoha with her like
I promised. Stay with the fish. I owed them a rock garden.

I scowled. I wasn’t staying. Don’t be ridiculous. It’s your own fault for getting attached to
people, or did you fucking forget the plan to run away and let Itachi protect you? I wasn’t in
the academy any more. I didn’t have that veneer of protection, the vague safety net that came
with being the rookie of the year and knowing that canon Sasuke had been fine up until Itachi
arrived. He hadn’t been, anyway. I wasn’t either. And - they didn’t matter. The promises, the
way Naruto had asked me to not leave him behind, the way they’d both been fucking torn
apart when they thought Orochimaru killed me. Kakashi sending the dogs, Sasuke-chan,
fucking Chouji - none of it mattered. If I had a fate, it was shit, and giving up and getting the
hell out of dodge was my way of defying it and if it hurt, then fuck it.

Fuck it.

Why did they have to love me.

Why did it have to matter.

God, get over yourself. Look at you, swinging wildly into depression for no reason,
overreacting to a perfectly innocent comment and making it all about you when it wasn’t.
Cycling back to the same tired argument, nothing had changed. Let it go. Not everything that
happens is the end of the world. Just. Have nice things. Let your damn friends care for you.
And then. Leave them behind. It’s fine.

How come Ino never brought me a can of corn soup, huh. We’d been watching the
preliminaries all day, and the only food in the tower was made of misery and blandness. They
got the blandest flavours in the world, condensed them down to their core essence, and
evaporated that into essence d’bland. Blandeaux. Eau de blandume. Here’s dinner, bland
appetit. Itablandimasu, we took every speck of joy out of this food just for you because we
suck. Behold: rice, but each grain is a representation of a parallel universe where nothing
happens and the entirety of space-time is taken up by bland.

Sakura had just used the hiding in earth technique to get under Neji’s position and shatter the
floor from below, swiping at him through the one part his heavenly spin defense couldn’t
cover - the soles of his feet. He had to have seen her coming, but the combination of her
punching the literal ground out from under him and the unexpected extra reach her knuckle
spikes gave her were enough for her to land a blow. He moved with the momentum, jumping
up into the air and pushing off from her fist for extra height but from the miniscule way he
faltered when he landed I was pretty certain that her spikes had gone through the soles of his
sandals and into his feet - which left us at a waiting game, because Sakura’s spikes were
poison coated, but it took at least a minute for the paralysis to take full effect.

When this was over, I was going to find a way to mix her a better one. A minute was way too
long in combat. Traditional paralysis poisons could be fast acting and weak or slow acting
and strong, but these were ridiculous limitations. She needed fast acting and strong, and if I
didn’t have a plant in my garden that could do it then I’d bug Ino until she gave me one from
the Yamanaka greenhouses instead.
Sakura hung back, still badly favouring her knee, and tried to buy time for the paralysis to
work.

“Fate’s an excuse,” she accused. “People who succeed say they worked for it, but people who
fail blame it on fate. You can’t have it both ways.”

“No one succeeds without fate,” Neji returned. “Every clan head is born to it, every Hokage
is chosen from a small group of shinobi. Each person is powerless to change their destiny and
the only thing we have in common is that all our fates ultimately end in death.”

“Do I look powerless to you?” Sakura spat. Two thirds of a minute left for the poison.
Depending how deep her knuckle spikes had gone, Neji should start to notice his movements
slowing soon. “The Hokage is chosen by people. People make fate. If people’s futures are
determined by how they were born then it’s because people allow them to be and the only
thing stopping it from changing is the same people refusing to try.”

“Refusing to try,” Neji snarled, his calm fracturing. One hand twitched up to his forehead, but
he didn’t remove his headband. “If you really aren’t powerless then perhaps you were fated
not to be, but some of us -”

Sakura charged. I gripped the railing, leaning forwards - there were at least fifteen seconds
left before the paralysis took effect, what was she doing losing her temper. Chakra gathered
around Neji’s hands in a visible haze of blue and he swiped out at her as soon as she got
close. With the way her weight was shifted to keep it off her knee as much as possible she
couldn’t hope to dodge but she didn’t even try, just tilted to take the jyuken strike on her torso
instead of her shoulder and ploughed the full force of her charge through her fist and into
Neji’s sternum.

His heavenly spin was a fraction too slow. It flung Sakura away and she landed, hand to her
chest and ribs heaving painfully for breath around the closed tenketsu, but when Neji
stumbled out of it there was blood on the front of his jacket.

“You’ve lost,” Sakura panted, no sign of her earlier anger. “I wasn’t sure I’d got you, but that
proves it. You’re already being affected by the paralysis. If you want to forfeit under your
own power, do it now.”

“I’ve lost?” Neji repeated. “I closed the tenketsu over your heart. You can’t channel chakra,
and if it doesn’t reopen soon the damage will cause your internal organs to fail. You can’t
beat the gentle fist with strength.”

Why the fuck not. She beat demonic ice mirrors with strength. I’d say don’t knock it till
you’ve been flattened by it, but Neji just took a full shannaro to the ribcage. And, from her
expression, Sakura knew it; she looked grimly determined in a way that made me wonder if
her moment of lost temper had been faked to draw Neji out long enough for the paralysis to
start working.

“I’m not beating the gentle fist,” she said. “I’m beating you.” With one hand still over her
chest and her shoulders still hunched forward, she pulled a kunai from her pouch. When she
walked towards him she didn’t even try to hide the way she was limping, but the implication
  was clear: no chakra, no taijutsu, no problem. With Neji trapped by her poison and unable to
  move, the kunai would be all she needed.

  He hesitated, and I saw clear indecision flick over his face, though I doubted anyone else
  would have spotted it. Or the way his muscles flexed, subtly testing how much movement he
  still had; from the outside he was just standing there and watching Sakura slowly approach,
  but inside his head I could see his thoughts racing. Would the sixty four trigrams be enough?
  Even if he was moving slow, did he have control left for another heavenly spin? Would it
  make a difference?

  He raised a hand. I tensed, and only realised when I tasted blood that I’d been biting my lip,
  but Sakura kept moving. He paused, hand hovering in a fighting stance - then raised it
  further.

  “I yield,” he announced. Sakura stopped, barely a metre away, and nodded at him in
  acceptance. “Maybe I was wrong about you being fated to be nothing,” he continued, head
  tilted quizzically to the side as he looked at her.

  She snorted at that, pocketing the kunai and stepping up to support him when the poison
  made him start to sway. “I’m civilian,” she said. “No one cares about us enough to give us a
  fate. We just get on with it.”

  “Ah,” he managed, though whatever else he may have said was lost as he slumped against
  her. Gai appeared beside them a second later to take him, but Sakura made eye contact with
  Kakashi and subtly shook her head. When Hayate announced her the winner, she limped out
  the arena under her own power.



Chapter End Notes



    Lee.exe has stopped working, please check circuitry for tears and excess buildup of
    youth
                      Chapter 29: Chunin exam arc, part two: IV
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   “Your heart,” I repeated, once everything had settled and Naruto and I were finally allowed
   in to see Sakura in the hospital. “Of which you have one. You need your heart! The fuck were
   you - don’t move - thinking, going all ‘cool guys don’t look at explosions’ and walking away
   like that when Hyuuga literally just warned you about the fact that your heart was going to
   stop.”

   “Sasuke-chan, I’m fine,” Sakura said, and I made an inarticulate sound of frustration and
   disbelief as I handed her the glass of water she’d been reaching for. “I’m fine,” she repeated.
   “He said damage, not stop, and the medic nins confirmed I’m all good.”

   “Fine is shit,” I retorted. “Are you seriously trying to pull an I’m fine on me of all people. He
   said your internal organs would fail, if you’re opening your mouth to call me a hypocrite I
   will take that glass back and pour it over your head, how sure are we that the medics know
   what they’re talking about anyway because if you ask me they left suspiciously quickly after
   they healed you. You’re not fine. Fine is cancelled. Fucking - Naruto, I need another arm.”

   I tugged ineffectively at the pillow I was trying to straighten for her; with my one hand, I was
   achieving a lopsided sag that if anything made the situation worse. Sakura huffed, pretending
   to be annoyed at my fussing - not that I was fussing - but she leaned forward obligingly so
   Naruto and I could reposition her pillows and did very little to hide her amusement.

   “They had to heal the others,” she said patiently. “Lots of people got hurt in the exam, not
   just me.” Her gaze lingered, briefly, on the cut and black eye Orochimaru had given me in the
   forest. I flicked my own gaze away. I hadn’t let anyone treat it. I couldn’t; the fact that
   Orochimaru didn’t know I had the sharingan was the only protection I had. That and,
   apparently, Gaara, but I couldn’t expect him to swoop in and rescue me another time.

   I still wasn’t sure if I believed that Orochimaru didn’t know. I’d gone over everything. If he
   did know I had the sharingan, why hadn’t he given me the curse seal? Not that I wasn’t
   relieved he hadn’t, but.

   But even if he thought I didn’t have it, why hold back? It didn’t cost him anything to seal me.
   If I didn’t magically awaken the sharingan later, he could just discard me as a failed
   experiment. So. Why wait? What was he doing? Had I really just been lucky and he hadn’t
   had time? Did he have other plans, were there things I was meant to be being afraid of that I
   didn’t yet know I had to be afraid of?

   “The bastard’s right though,” Naruto said, breaking into my thoughts as he came round and
   inspected the crumpled mess I was making of the pillowcase. It put him too close, and when I
   startled and hurriedly let go of it to step back I accidentally knocked into him with my
   shoulder. From the way he steadied me though he’d been expecting it, and I took a breath and
   tried to force my stupidly recurring panic down where it wouldn’t be so obvious. “Fine
doesn’t usually mean fine,” he continued, straightening but not moving away. It… helped,
actually. It helped. “Are you sure you’re ok?”

“It aches a bit,” Sakura admitted. “No more than if I punch something too hard, just in
different muscles. They said it’d go away by tomorrow morning. Other than that, yes, I’m
sure.” She smiled at us to soften the words, and I felt another bit of tension bleed out of me.
Aches weren’t so bad. She was fine, in the genuine way of being fine, Orochimaru hadn’t
given me the curse seal, and my eyes were successfully kept secret to see another day. The
second exam had been long, and painful, and I was still down an arm until Jiraiya got his ass
in gear and reached the village to fix it, but it was over. We survived. We were good.

Well. Not really. But god, I was exhausted, and Naruto wasn’t moving away despite the fact
that I was more leaning back against him than standing up by myself at this stage, and if
surviving wasn’t enough to be good then I’d make it be.

“We’ll break you out at dawn,” I promised her. “You and Chouji. It’ll be great.”

“You won’t,” Shikamaru said, sloping into the room with Chouji’s arm over his shoulders to
help him walk. Ino had his other side, and between them they manoeuvered him to the
neighbouring bed. “Chouji’s here for at least another week, no one’s breaking him out
anywhere.”

“Sorry,” Chouji added, looking drained and several inches thinner than normal. I leant
forward in alarm, but he just smiled tiredly and shook his head so I assumed that whatever
had made him burn through his chakra enough to impact him like that was at least
intentional.

“Don’t be,” Ino said firmly. “Listen to your medics, they know what they’re talking about.
Speaking of which,” she turned to me with a frown, “How come no one’s healed you?”

I shifted uncomfortably. Nothing could be done for my arm - it was splinted and bandaged as
well as it could be, but with it being completely void of chakra a med-nin may as well be
trying to heal a broken training post. They’d need to keep a permanent supply of their own
chakra running through it, not just for the time it took to perform any jutsu but for the hours
after for the natural healing that my chakra would have done to make sure none of the bones
fused wrong. As it was, my best bet was to leave it be and wait for Jiraiya to take the seal off,
hopefully tomorrow or the day after at the latest.

As for my ribs and my eye… If I asked someone to heal my cracked ribs but not look at my
eye, that would basically be admitting that I had something to hide. A few fractures weren’t
that bad. The black eye would heal fine, the cut underneath it would scar, but. What can you
do.

“Sasuke-chan doesn’t like hospitals,” Sakura said diplomatically, filling in the awkward
pause when I took too long to answer. I snorted, because neither did anyone with sense, that
was a rubbish excuse.

“Sasuke-chan has secrets and doesn’t trust med-nins as far as she can throw them,” I
elaborated. “Wait. As far as she can throw them without chakra.” Wow, that saying didn’t
translate well.

“She… what?” Chouji asked, staring at me in confusion. I shrugged, suddenly aware I may
have misstepped; everyone had secrets, but not trusting the hospital was one step from not
trusting the village, and that wasn’t the sort of attitude Konoha encouraged. And med-nins
had probably just saved his life, even if he’d seemed stable before, so it probably wasn’t
particularly sensitive of me to be shitting all over them. Sakura’s life too. In fact, they
probably saved a lot of lives, and Ino wanted to be one, and really, if you couldn’t trust your
doctor then who could you trust, but. Kabuto. Danzo. God knew who else. I trusted my team,
my brother, the dogs, and I was pretty sure Team Ten had worked out by now that I had my
sharingan, and that was it.

“I don’t like people I don’t know,” I defended. “It’s a personality trait. They’re probably fine.
I can throw people pretty far.”

“She,” Shikamaru repeated. I blinked, and he pressed, “Sasuke-chan. She.”

I wrinkled my nose. “Since when -” My brain caught up to my ears and I slammed to a halt,
face closing off. “Slip of the tongue,” I said, too flatly, then backpedaled into a much more
casual expression and shrugged as I tried to play it off. “Kun sounds weird. Sasuke-kun? Too
many k’s. Awkward. You don’t need to make a big deal of it.”

He didn’t either; chan wasn’t reserved for girls, it was just more common. The she was harder
to handwave away, but I was working on the principle of being supremely confident and
therefore unquestionable and I had faith that it would see me through. That or I could blame
it on the drugs. We were in a hospital, there were bound to be drugs somewhere. Good
painkillers were trippy trippy things, you could hear anything on them and never know the
truth.

“We’re not,” Sakura promised, shooting Shikamaru a warning frown. Then she turned back
to me and paused before adding, “Not that it would be a big deal, if someone was a she. Or a
he. Or anything, if they wanted to be.”

The last bit was aimed as much to the room as to me with that same edge of warning, and I
cut across before she could say anything else. "I know. No, I know. They’re just pronouns,
they’re stupid, they don’t mean anything. Not -” I shook my head in frustration. So much for
the unquestionable supreme confidence plan. “They do, I mean it’s a big thing for some
people, but also gender doesn’t matter, so. But I’m fine. It doesn’t bother me. Apply to me.
I’m fine.”

I bit my lip, hard, to stop any more babble coming out. I wanted a high place to perch on but
the room was depressingly lacking, so I made do with crossing my good arm over the sling in
front of myself and trying to burrow further back into Naruto as though that wouldn’t be
blatantly obvious. I was fine, I’d acknowledged that I was a girl ages back and that was fine,
being called Sasuke-chan was fine - I was good. It was all good.

I mean, no, it wasn’t. But it should be. Like Sakura said, it wasn’t a big deal; there was no
reason for it not to be, but by that logic there was no reason to still pretend to be a boy. I
didn’t even know why I did still pretend, except that the thought of being honest made me
want to retreat back into my boy-shell and hiss at the world until it went away which was
literally the stupidest reaction given how much I hated the damn boy body so why -

Naruto shifted, moving his arm out the way so the fingers I’d worked behind my sling could
reach his jacket and hook on. I blinked, unclenching my jaw, and resisted the urge to rub my
eyes and whine about not wanting to deal with any of this. Not that that was really an option
given how I apparently lacked a brain to mouth filter and couldn’t keep my own pronouns
straight when I spoke, but. You know. Dealing was hard.

And whining was pathetic, so tough shit. You’re a girl. You know it. Sakura knows it. The
whole fucking room probably knows it after this conversation. So. For once, stop being
dramatic about everything, and be competent.

I went to open my mouth and confirm it with some kind of throwaway line and act like it
wasn’t important, but I hesitated.

It was just. Uchiha Sasuke was a boy. I wasn’t, but he was, and on some level, some part of
me still struggled to give that up. Uchiha Sasuke was a boy, with fire and lightning jutsu, he
grew up to be one of the most powerful ninja on the continent, and Itachi killed the clan for
him. And. And that was a big thing to lose. But if I kept hold of it, at least a bit of it, that part
of me argued, then I wouldn’t. I could keep it. Keep him. Still be him.

Cheap knockoff version that didn’t work as well, but still him.

It wasn’t that I thought Itachi wouldn’t love me anymore if I was a girl. That wasn’t anything
to do with it, Itachi wasn’t that shallow. Nor was I worried that Naruto or Sakura would reject
me, not when Sakura had made it so clear that they wouldn’t. So. So what actually woud I
lose? If you broke it down, what was the point of holding on? I didn’t get any benefit out of
being a boy, it didn’t stop me screwing anything up or failing all the time. Hell, it didn’t help
me achieve anything else on the list of things Uchiha Sasuke was - no fire, no lightning, not
as strong as him couldn’t use ninjutsu like him couldn’t live alone in my own damn
house like him, in every way imaginable when you compared me against the boy I was meant
to be I came up short. Came up - I wasn’t even as tall as he was, for fuck’s sake.

I wasn’t him. Everyone thought I was, but I wasn’t. All these things he did that I couldn’t, I
was the only person who knew about them.

Which was a good thing. It was a good thing. He and I lived through the same shit and I fell
apart while he got stronger, but they didn’t know that. They couldn’t see that I was meant to
be doing so much better than I was, because they had nothing to compare me to. They
couldn’t see that I was meant to be a boy because they didn’t have him to compare me to, and
if I let go of that, if I let go of him then. Then I’d have nothing to compare me to either. I
wouldn’t be a failed someone else. I’d just be. Me.

Shouldn’t... Shouldn’t that be a good thing?

“Bastard?” Naruto asked quietly, and I made an unhappy sound and tried, ineffectively, to
hunch further into his chest. I recognised the tone of voice; he was trying to work out if he
should deflect and move the conversation on or not. I didn’t know. If the conversation moved
on, I’d lose this chance to be a girl. I didn’t think it was the sort of thing I could bring up by
myself. If the conversation didn’t move on, I’d lose the pretence of being someone I wasn’t,
except I wouldn’t even lose that because I was the only one who knew.

God, why did it matter. I was the same person whether I was meant to be someone else or
not. A gender was a stupid thing to hold onto when it wasn’t yours. Gender was stupid. The
differences between me and the boy I wasn’t were far more than just pronouns, so who cared
which ones I used? My mum was dead. My brother would love me no matter what. I was the
only version of me my team knew, and I was a shit actor. I could hardly claim to have misled
them with the way I flailed through life leapfrogging into panic attacks, there was no way
they didn’t know the me that I was instead of the me I could have been if I was someone else.

There was no way. Even when I tried, I fell short. I could hold onto his gender all I liked, but
I couldn’t be someone else.

I... couldn’t be someone else.

Itachi killed the clan for someone else.

No, that’s not true. He didn’t; I was still me back then, just a me with the potential to become
someone I now wasn’t. That’s all. My mum was dead but she was still my mum, the person I
didn’t measure up against was the older Uchiha Sasuke, not the little kid we’d both started as.
The avenger one. The one that wanted to kill Itachi, because he was an idiot and couldn’t see
how much Itachi loved us. The one that didn’t care about Sakura, the one that put his fist
through Naruto’s chest - why the fuck was I trying so hard to be anything like that guy? I
hated him. I hated him, suddenly and fiercely with a burst of resentment I couldn’t fully
explain, Itachi was my brother and he loved me and he wouldn’t just stop loving me because
I wasn’t the brother he thought I was. Love didn’t work like that. It didn’t. That wasn’t - I was
me, my gender was such a tiny, insignificant part of that, how dare I - how dare anyone -
think that that would be enough to invalidate everything my brother had done for me? Sakura
and Naruto wouldn’t care, he wouldn’t care, I didn’t care, and if Uchiha Sasuke was a big
thing to lose, well, so was a tumour but that didn’t mean you had to hang onto it.

“I’m a girl,” I told the floor, blurting it out in an almost combative snarl. The anger left in a
sudden rush and took my conviction with it, and without it my mind blanked on what to say. I
floundered, then flicked my eyes up to Sakura and shrugged helplessly. “I’m Sasuke, and I’m
a girl,” I repeated, quieter. “Nice to meet you.”

Her face broke into a grin. “Ok,” she said. “Sasuke-chan. Nice to meet you too.”

“‘Nice to meet you’,” Naruto repeated, and I could hear the frown. He went to put an arm
over my shoulder then reconsidered when he remembered the sling and settled for shifting
me more firmly in front of him so he could rest his chin on my head instead. “We met you
ages ago, bastard. Wait, does bastard work for girls?”

“Girls are bitch,” Shikamaru suggested helpfully, and for a moment I was too thrown by the
lack of earth-shattering revelations happening to respond. I’d just had a damn moment, the
fuck did everyone get off being so accepting of it. I know I said it wasn’t a big deal earlier
but I also lied, this was the biggest deal and someone should acknowledge that.
“You’re a bitch,” I shot back. “Bitches aren’t constrained by gender. Neither are bastards.” I
eyed him warily, but he didn’t say anything else, and if he had any further thoughts he kept
them to himself.

“You shouldn’t call a girl either,” Ino cut in. “They’re rude. Chouji, why are you confused.”

I blinked, following her gaze to where Chouji was raising his hands disarmingly. “I’m not,”
he protested. “I just don’t get why Sasuke’s parents would say she was a boy if she wasn’t.”

“Um.” I shook my head, putting my big deal moment aside and trying to keep up with the
conversation. “They didn’t know?” I tried, and Chouji’s expression turned to complete
bafflement.

“Girl mind,” Ino supplied. “Boy body, girl mind. Sometimes people don’t match. Or their
mind changes or isn’t either to begin with. Bodies aren’t important, loads of people are
different in their head to how they look from the outside.” She said it casually, as though it
were a given fact that everyone knew. Though, considering her family jutsu, maybe it was;
she’d presumably know better than most.

“Bodies are important though,” Chouji argued, though he darted an unsure look at me as if
checking it was ok. “If Sasuke’s a girl then she should have a girl body. Right? Otherwise
she’ll feel...” He trailed off, clearly struggling for the words to explain what he meant.

“She doesn’t need one,” Ino insisted. “Minds matter. Girl mind makes her a girl.”

“But. Minds are part of bodies?” He squinted at Ino, then caught himself and turned to me
instead. “Sorry,” he said. “I don’t mean you can’t be a girl. If you say you are I believe you.”
He looked genuinely sincere about it as well, and I found myself relaxing in response.

“I know,” I assured him. In a way, I was glad he was struggling with it. It made me feel more
settled about the fact that I was struggling with it, and it was always easier to focus on
someone else than on me. “And you’re right, a girl body would help, but this is the one I’ve
got.” It wasn’t the best, but it was mine. It, the life that came with it, the people around it - no
one else’s. Mine. I took a breath, fixing that fact in my mind until it stuck and making Naruto
grumble as he lifted his chin and moved it to a better position. “Boy body,” I summarised,
“but inside it’s just me.”

“And just you is a girl,” Chouji said, nodding. “Ok. Do you want us to call you Sasuke-chan
too?”

I shook my head, still somewhat bemused by how easily everyone was taking it. “Sasuke’s
fine.”

“Hime,” Naruto complained as he was dislodged again. “Stop. You were comfy.”

“You know I know you’re not actually being rude when you call me bastard? Also you know
I’m actually bending down to let you do that, I’m not that short.”

“Sorry Sasuke-chan,” Sakura said. “You kind of are.”
I huffed at her in betrayal and straightened to my full height. Naruto, the fucker, straightened
with me and put his chin firmly back on top of my head. It wasn’t the easiest angle for him
anymore but it was still definitely doable and I craned my neck back to scowl up at him.

“Comfy,” he blatantly lied, and I let go of his jacket to elbow him in the ribs.



It wasn’t that easy. It’s never that easy. There was a big difference between saying something
because the moment called for it and saying something because you’d thought it through and
meant it. Not that I didn’t mean it - I did; I was a girl, and at the end of what was possibly the
longest week I’d ever lived through, I could finally be seen as a girl as well, and that was.
That was great. It was a relief, it was amazing, it was terrifying in a way I wasn’t going to
look at just then, and I oscillated between wanting it to be something huge and important and
wanting it to be done with and inconsequential enough times that I gave up and deliberately
shoved it aside and refused to look at it. Other things were going on in the world. Bigger
things.

Did Sakura realise, I wondered, what she was doing in helping me avoid medical care? I
knew I didn’t trust the hospital. I knew I didn’t trust the village, or buy into any of the will of
fire crap we’d been fed at the academy, but I’d always thought I was alone in that. Except,
was I? Shikamaru’s comments from the tower, how being a ninja meant that life wasn’t fair
then we died. The way Kakashi ranked the team as more important than the rules, the way
Sakura was implicitly agreeing that the hospital weren’t trustworthy enough by helping me
keep my sharingan hidden. There was a disconnect forming between the image in my head of
Konoha’s citizens being mindlessly, unquestioningly obedient to Konoha’s orders and the
reality of the people I knew, and it was something I should probably get to grips with at some
point, but. Not tonight.

I spent the evening at Naruto’s. His apartment was much closer to the centre of the village,
easier to guard and harder for an enemy to sneak up on, and Kakashi left us with three dogs
and strict instructions to run and not engage if Orochimaru made another appearance.

“What kind of idiots does he take us for,” I muttered, frowning unhappily at Pakkun and
curling myself further into the corner of Naruto’s sofa. “I didn’t intentionally engage him last
time.”

“Not everything’s about you, pup,” Pakkun said. He didn’t elaborate, but he did tilt his head
over to the kitchenette where Naruto was waiting the required three minutes for the cup
ramen to make, and I paused.

“Naruto,” I said, giving up any attempt at subtlety. We were being quiet but he had
ridiculously sharp hearing. He’d probably already been listening. “Kakashi thinks you need
to be told not to attack a sannin.”

“If the sannin doesn’t try to take your eyes again then I won’t,” he promised. “If attacking is
the most sensible option at the time then I will.”
I stared. Pakkun shrugged, and hopped down off the cushion to join Bull and Urushi on the
floor. There wasn’t the most space - Urushi was under the low living room table, Bull had
wedged himself across the front of the sofa so that Naruto had to climb over the side to take
his seat - but given that I usually lived in one room and the adjoining bathroom, the
apartment felt cosily spacious to me.

“Don’t attack sannins,” I said. He handed me a ramen and didn’t answer, so I tried again.
“Naruto. He wasn’t phased by Gaara. You can’t fight him. He’s a fucking kage, you’ll die.”

“I’ll be sensible,” he repeated, with a certainty that did absolutely nothing to reassure me.
“ANBU headquarters are really close. They’d be here in less than a minute, and with clones I
can stay out of range.”

“Or I could grab you and forcibly kawarimi both of us to the ANBU headquarters and they
can deal with him.” I made to run an agitated hand through my hair then realised I was
holding dinner and aborted. “How are you allowed to have serious conversations with me
about putting myself in danger then just turn around and casually, casually - this.” Did he
think he was less breakable because he had the kyuubi? Did he not appreciate how much of a
different level Orochimaru was playing at?

“I’m not -”

“You are. What the fuck, Naruto. I’m a big girl, I don’t need babying.” I pushed aside both
the odd rush that came with calling myself a girl outloud and the insistent thought that said I
did, didn’t I, that was the whole point of the Itachi plan in the first place. That was different. I
needed Itachi because the people after my eyes were ridiculously overpowered. It wasn’t
childish to need help fighting them, it was common sense.

“I’m not babying you,” he said stubbornly. “I’m just saying that if he tries to take your eyes,
and if it makes sense to fight him to buy time until ANBU get here, then I’ll fight him.”

“Ok. Fine. If you fight him, I fight him with you.”

“No, that’s -”

“Babying,” I accused, jabbing at him with my chin because my hand was occupied with
chopsticks. “It’s lopsided. When I try to protect you and Sakura, I’m taking risks and
ignoring the fact that people care when I get hurt. Now you’re trying to protect me, and not
listening to me saying I care when you get hurt. How is it different?”

“It’s different,” he replied, frustrated, “because you’re -” He cut himself off, biting his lip and
looking away.

“Because I’m what?” I pressed. “Because it’s my eyes he’s after? It won’t stop him killing
you if you’re in the way. Because what, Naruto?”

He didn’t answer. I tried to run through my head and guess what he was dodging around.
Because he didn’t trust my survival instinct? Because I panicked? Because I was a girl? No,
not that last one. This wasn’t a new thing; we might not have explicitly talked about it before,
but he and Sakura had been edging towards overprotective for a while. The way he was
refusing to back down over Orochimaru was almost scarily similar to the way he’d been
eager to fight Kabuto, and it sat as wrong in my stomach as that had.

I’d known Kabuto was dangerous. He hadn’t. He’d thought he was facing a genin, and he’d
won, but if Kabuto hadn’t had a cover to maintain then would the fight have ended the same
way? I knew Orochimaru was dangerous. Naruto didn’t. Not the same way I did; he knew I
was afraid, and he’d fought Manda and the two mud clones, but I’d taken Orochimaru
himself away before anyone else could get involved.

“Because what?” I asked again, drawing my feet further up the sofa towards me until I had to
lift the ramen to make space for my knees against my chest.

He hesitated, glancing down to the dogs before answering. I raised my chin and waited. Bull
and Urushi were two of the quieter ones in the pack, and Pakkun was staying well out of it,
but if Naruto wanted to bring them in then Kakashi’s orders were to run and not to engage. I
was pretty sure they’d come down on my side.

“You’re not a combat type,” he said finally, looking back to me with his jaw set. “You get
hurt more easily than I do, and you don’t have a healing factor.”

Combat wouldn’t work against Orochimaru. That wasn’t the point. “Sakura doesn’t either.
You don’t worry about her. Are you saying it’s less important if she gets hurt?”

“What - no.”

“Then what the hell -” I sucked in a sharp breath as I realised. “You think I need protecting,”
I said, hunching in on myself. “Not a combat type, you think I can’t fight.”

“I know you can fight,” he said, but he refused to meet my eyes and I shook my head in
disbelief.

“Yeah. Sure. Just, not as well as you or Sakura can, I get it.” I didn’t want to look at him, so I
looked instead at my ramen cup, balanced on my knees because I only had one hand and it
was busy. I hadn’t eaten much, but it was shit anyway, so I dropped the chopsticks in the cup
and put it on the floor next to Bull. No wonder Naruto started growing so fast after a month
of real food in Wave and another month of real food living with me; if this was all he used to
eat before it was a miracle he’d ever got as tall as he had.

Me, I’d been eating real food for years, and apparently it was time I faced up to the fact that I
was just a shrimp. Scrap. Tiny weak person made for holding onto Naruto’s jacket for
comfort and tucking myself under his chin. I’d managed to let go of being a boy, what was
another thing to add to the list.

I grit my teeth, and as grateful as I’d been to borrow his clothes earlier because I’d been
wearing mine non-stop for six days and I’d rather burn them than wear them again, just then I
hated the fact that I was curled up on his sofa in his oversized pyjamas with my hair still
damp from his shower and my dead arm bandaged in a sling. I don’t need protecting said the
idiot with the broken ribs and the cut under her eye that was going to scar because she was
too afraid to let the medics heal her.

“Hime -”

“I get it,” I repeated bitterly. “You rescued me from Haku in Wave, Kakashi rescued me from
Zabuza. Haku rescued me from drowning before we even got there. Gaara rescued me from
Orochimaru. I couldn’t do anything to Kabuto. I saved Shikamaru from Gaara, but Gaara
doesn’t count because he’s a good person.” Beat Karin, but that didn’t count either, her team
only passed because they were lucky and Gaara left them a scroll. Got the Sound team out in
the written exam, except that wasn’t combat, was it? Neither was getting Orochimaru away
from the others, but I fucking had Shino until the paralysis bug kicked in. Fake Shino. Mud
clone Shino. And I regularly beat Shikamaru, didn’t I, I regularly beat all of Team Ten and
they weren’t exactly a heavy hitting team once you took out their combo attacks but they
weren’t nothing. Neither was Iruka, neither were Sakura or Naruto and fine, spars weren’t
quite the same as real life, but I wasn’t helpless.

“No, fuck that. I don’t get it. The people we fight are insane. I make the best of a load of shit,
you don’t get to call me not enough because I can’t win.”

“I’m not calling you not enough,” he protested heatedly. “I’m just - how am I wrong for not
wanting you to get hurt?”

“We’re ninja.”

“You can’t use one of your arms.”

“That’s not relevant and you know it.” He pulled a disbelieving face at me and I growled and
amended, “That’s relevant to right now but it’s not relevant to you not thinking I’m strong
enough to fight my own battles.”

“That’s not what I’m saying,” he insisted, and when I just scowled he huffed and sat back,
crossing and uncrossing his arms and ending up in a curled up position with his hands hooked
round his ankles to keep them still. “That’s not what I mean to say. I know you’re strong. I
know you can fight.”

He paused, struggling for words, and I filled in the gaps for him. “You just don’t trust me not
to be stupid. You and Sakura. You think I take risks and get into fights too big for me and
don’t care if I die.”

“Do you?”

“Fuck off,” I spat, and pushed myself off the sofa. I forgot Bull was there and nearly
stumbled as I redirected my feet not to stand on him, kicking over the ramen in the process.

“Damnit, Hime -”

“It’s bastard. It’s always been bastard. I’m not a princess, I’m shit and I’m a bastard and I’m
not trying to put myself in danger, I’m - go away Naruto.” My voice was shaking, and when
he tried to follow me to the window I turned on him and shoved him back with an angry arm
of chakra. “Do I look like I’m suicidal? Do I look like I haven’t been trying really fucking
hard to stay alive, is the fact that I fucking care about your stupid life so, so fucking
unbelievable that the only explanation is that every time I’m minorly inconvenienced I go,
fuck it, guess I’ll die then, if I’m such a fucking - fucking window - such a fucking liability
then why the fuck are you bothering, why the fuck won’t this fucking window open.” I
slammed my fist against it, hard enough that if it was normal glass it should have shattered,
and only succeeded in making my hand sting. “Fucking. Why. The fuck. Leave me alone.” I
left it there, palm against the cool glass and tilted my head forward until I couldn’t see the
reflection of my stupid face with the stupid cut beneath my eye and the stupid everything of
stupidness and fuck.

Just. Fuck. Just fuck. I didn’t even know why I was so mad. If I was mad. This felt
dangerously close to crying to be mad, but I was definitely angry at something, so. The
world, for sending so many overpowered enemies after me? If I stormed off into the night
like I wanted I’d probably get scooped up by Orochimaru and given a whole new seal on my
neck to match the one I’d already got on my arm, how was that fair.

I’d literally just decided that Naruto knew me well enough that there wasn’t any point hiding
who I was from him. Naruto and Sakura. And Chouji and Shikamaru and - everyone. Ok?
Konoha was shit, and I hated it, and I’d accidentally started caring about far too many people
in it, and that mattered. They mattered. Their opinion matttered. And - and if I didn’t have
Itachi to protect me yet then the fact that other people cared enough to do it for him, that was
great, right? I should be delighted that Naruto wanted to keep me safe. I should be. I.

Fuck.

“I’m trying really hard,” I told the window miserably. “It’s not my fault that the people we
fight are insane.”

“I know,” Naruto said from behind me, sounding as miserable and worn out as I felt. “I’m
sorry.”

I huffed out a beat of what could barely be called laughter. “What for? You didn’t want me to
get hurt and I blew up at you. I should be sorry.” I paused, then added, “I think I got ramen in
your carpet.”

He ignored that. “For… I’m sorry for not trusting you. You’re right. I just assumed that you
didn’t care, because… because it was easier.”

“Easier?” I echoed, still not lifting my head.

“If the problem was that you didn’t care about yourself, then I thought I could fix it by
making you see that I cared,” he said. “And if you were only in danger because you put
yourself there, then I could make you not be in danger. But if you’re trying to survive and
you still keep getting hurt, then it means the danger’s so much bigger than that, and. And I
don’t know how to protect you from it.”
I stayed where I was for a long moment, all my bitterness against how unfair the universe
was balled up in my chest and sticking there, then forcibly swallowed it down. When I
pushed off from the glass I noticed that Urushi was sat on the floor at my heels, facing back
towards Naruto with his ears tilted to me, keeping just close enough to put himself between
us if he needed to.

It made me want to cry. The bitterness evaporated in an exhausted, defeated slump, and
without anger to keep me afloat all that was left was the feeling of being out of my depth and
tears stinging at the corners of my eyes. The dogs had stayed out of the whole argument.
Urushi was one of the quietest of the pack, and even when he’d been left to supervise our d-
ranks he’d usually delivered the scrolls and stayed out the way, but here he was. Making sure
I had space if I needed space. From Naruto of all people.

I took a breath, and finally looked up at him. He was hanging back, shoulders braced, hands
pressed flat against his sides. Like he thought I was going to argue again, except this time he
wasn’t going to argue back.

“I don’t either,” I said. “I don’t know how to be safe. And I’m scared.” I could’ve hesitated
then, but I didn’t, because if I stopped I didn’t know if I’d start again. This wasn’t gender.
Gender was bullshit, this was something so much more than that. “There are only two Uchiha
left and my brother is the strongest ninja I’ve ever met. Anyone who wants a sharingan is
looking at me. Has been looking at me since I was seven years old. It doesn’t matter if they
want to steal it or if they want to control me or if they just want me to use it for the village,
they’re all looking at me, and.” I swallowed. “And I’m scared, Naruto. I’ve been scared
forever, and I don’t know what to do.”

He took a step forward, slowly, both he and Urushi waiting on my reaction, then another
when I didn’t stop him. I was already lifting my hand by the time he got to me, fingers
tangling in his pyjama top as I angled myself to fit in against him as he reached his arms
around to hug. “I don’t know what to do,” I repeated into his collar. “He nearly took it, he
could come back and I can’t stop him, I don’t -” My breathing hitched and I squeezed my
eyes shut in frustration and turned my head to press impossibly closer. “I don’t want to die. I
don’t want him to come back. I’m scared. Naruto, I’m scared.”

“I know,” he said, one hand buried in my hair and the other gripping so tight around my back
that if I had feeling in my dead arm, it’d be complaining at how fiercely it was being crushed
between us. “I know, bastard.” He sounded like he was going to say more but his voice was
barely steadier than mine was and he just shook his head and held on while I finally, finally
allowed myself to cry.

I’d been almost offensively blasé about Orochimaru since emerging from Gaara’s sand
cocoon and finding that he’d gone. Pretending he’d lost interest because I didn’t have a
sharingan despite the fact that he was perfectly ready to try and wake it up himself, acting
like the forest was the only window he had to give me the curse mark and surviving that one
encounter meant I’d survived him. Lying was a talent, and I was good at it, but if I was
honest? The tears were long overdue.

Eventually we broke apart. We reclaimed our seats on the sofa, sat next to each other this
time and facing forward, with Bull pressed against our legs and Urushi curled neatly on the
  cushion next to me. Pakkun had no such qualms about personal space and positioned himself
  squarely across both our laps.

  “Your sensei’s running patrols,” he said. “Not sanctioned, and you’re not meant to know, but
  he’s got the rest of the pack on standby. If anything happens I can call him, Bull will stay
  with you, and Urushi will buy time. Shiba and Akino aren’t far; Shiba’s watching the
  building from the outside, Akino’s with Guruko watching Sakura.” He tilted his head,
  blinked, then continued. “Orochimaru took the Hyuuga girl. The others he impersonated are
  in the hospital. They’ll survive, but they’re hurt.”

  Hinata. If I had the energy I’d feel sick. “Why are you telling us?”

  “Because I’m a dog and it affects you. You should know that the village is on high alert and
  the clans are pushing for war. The Sound genin are being held in custody, and the Hokage has
  issued a demand for Orochimaru to return the Hyuuga girl and leave Konoha.”

  “War,” Naruto repeated grimly. I shifted so I was leaning more heavily against him and tried
  to juggle the numbers in my head. Orochimaru had been relying on Suna’s support combined
  with a surprise attack and an enraged Gaara; I didn’t know for certain how strong Sound was,
  but. Surely not strong enough to risk war?

  “He’s not going to back down though, is he?” I asked.

  “Even if he doesn’t, you aren’t being left to face him alone,” Pakkun said, with such calm
  certainty that I couldn’t help but be reassured. “You’re puppies. Both of you. If he attacks,
  run; the pack will deal with it.” I nodded, and, after a long moment of Pakkun staring him
  down, Naruto ducked his head and nodded as well.

  “Good,” Pakkun said, and settled himself more comfortably across our laps. “You can stay up
  a bit longer, then it’s bed. You need sleep.”

  I frowned, though didn’t lift my head when I glared at him. “We don’t need a bed time -”

  “Puppies.”

  “Yes, Pakkun.”



Chapter End Notes



    Sasuke: Canon Sasuke and I lived through the same shit but I fell apart while he got
    stronger
    Canon Sasuke: hello yes i am mentally stable

    It's been pointed out to me that Japanese is a gender-neutral language, but in the spirit of
    honesty: I have no idea how to translate that, and I already had this scene written before
I knew. So apologies for the lack of accuracy, but please assume pronouns work as they
would in English!

Edit: Thank you so much to everyone who's been discussing how Japanese handles
gender down in the comments! With all kudos to you lovely lot, updated translation
notes are as follows: In Japanese, Sasuke would have slipped up by using a feminine
first person pronoun rather than by refering to herself as she, so though the scene
wouldn't exactly translate it would still achieve the same effect.

As far as her general speech goes, she is probably starting to bring in more feminine
patterns as she gets more comfortable with her gender. Although this is sometimes
possible to show in English - like when she tells Naruto she's a big girl who doesn't need
babying, or earlier in the fic when she told Haku she was "a shuriken kind of girl" - I'm
going to be relying mostly on other cues instead, like using her mother's hair pins or in
her choice of clothes. If you like linking in the original Japanese then please assume she
adjusts her speech patterns in the same way as she adjusts her appearance to present as a
girl, but equally if you'd rather stick to a plain English reading then you're more than
welcome to.
                       Chapter 30: Chunin exam arc, part two: V
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Interlude: Man in a dog mask, dog wearing bandages, toad sage drinking too much sake

   “Are you going to stand there all night? At least buy an old man a drink for his troubles.”

   The man in the dog mask stepped forward, but ignored the second half of Jiraiya’s question.
   “Have you reconsidered?”

   “Hm? Oh, yeah. Loads of times. The balcony scene just doesn’t feel right, you know? I like
   the moonlight, I love the idea of it, but it’s just missing that. That proper sexy punch, needs
   some more life to it.”

   “Jiraiya-sama.”

   “Yeah, yeah. I thought you were meant to have lightened up.” He waved the other man off,
   slouching over his sake and turning the small cup in his hands. “You’re not trying to be a
   jounin sensei and ANBU at the same time, are you? Thought Sensei would’ve put a stop to
   that.”

   “I was a poor candidate for jounin sensei from the start. They’ll be better with another
   teacher.”

   That got a raised eyebrow and, when the mask remained blank and featureless, a shake of the
   head. “Didn’t take you for a quitter,” Jiraiya said, part questioning and part… not
   disappointed, just blunt. “Thought Minato raised you better than that.”

   “He’s dead. He left his son in your care.”

   “Oi, hold it. I had my reasons. Still have them.” He frowned. Some of them were even good
   reasons, or at least ones that seemed justifiable at the time. Sure it would’ve been nice to
   retire and play pretend at raising a kid, but that wasn’t how things worked. There were
   compromises to be made, lesser evils to be sought after - the world was tarnished, it wasn’t a
   failing to buckle down and admit that you were too. “What makes it my job pick up your
   slack? In case you haven’t noticed, there’s a lot going on at the moment. Even if there wasn’t,
   the girl and the Uchiha are nothing to do with me.”

   A pause. The dog - a greyhound, bandages, blue vest, Konoha headband looped at his collar -
   stayed close to his master. Silent, watchful, steady; ANBU Hound was the same, and his tone
   was measured when he continued. “You were always going to take Naruto. He won’t leave
   them. They’re a team. They stay together.”

   “Creepy. You got any punctuation to go with those statements?” Jiraiya shuddered for
   emphasis and took another mouthful of sake. It was chilled, and probably meant to be too
expensive to serve hot, but screw it. He didn’t get where he was today by being precious with
his alcohol, and it only took a bit of chakra to warm it up. “I was backup for Naruto if he
needed it, that’s all. From what I heard, he’s doing fine. Into the finals of the exam and
everything.”

“He’s pulling on the kyuubi more often - I don’t know that he’s even aware of how much. His
seal is still holding, but he’s not as concerned about it as he should be, and I’m worried he
doesn’t understand the implications of what he’s doing.”

“So? Teach him.”

Here, Hound showed an emotion, making a frustrated sound and shifting his weight forward
in a quickly stifled show of agitation. “I can’t,” he said, though his voice betrayed none of the
conflict his body language did. “Giving a subordinate a technique is different. I can train
them, and I can guard them, but I can’t teach them. Any of them. I tried. I failed. They need
better than me.”

“And you think a washed up-pervy sage is the way forwards? Shit kid, your self esteem is
whack. Guess what; you’re not special. I had kids. I tried to teach them, I failed, they’re dead.
Yours are still alive. Don’t throw them away on someone who doesn’t want them.”

Another pause. Jiraiya poured himself a refill from the clay flask. He’d offer to share it, but
Kakashi had never been the drinking sort even when he wasn’t hiding behind his mask, so
there didn’t seem to be a point. The dog still hadn’t moved.

When Kakashi finally spoke it was more as himself than as Hound, but all that seemed to do
was add a slump to his shoulders and a lost tone to his voice.

“They don’t trust me,” he said. “I didn’t want them either, not at the start. By the time I did,
I’d already made mistakes.”

“I’m not your therapist,” Jiraiya cut in, with something akin to alarm.

“You’re Minato’s sensei,” Kakashi replied. “And I made Minato’s son wary of me enough
that he pulled on the kyuubi to warn me off his teammate.” Jiraiya blinked, his alarm shifting
focus; it didn’t sound like Kakashi was referring to a full jinchuuriki attack, but even if
Naruto were just borrowing a few extra teeth and growls that wasn’t something he should be
doing in the first place. That he did it against Kakashi said a lot for how much his seal was
leaking. Either that, or how bad his relationship with Kakashi was, which wasn’t objectively
much better. “They nearly died in the exam, and all I know about it is what the dogs passed
on. I’m not a teacher. They need help I don’t understand how to give, and if Orochimaru
comes back for Sasuke, I don’t even know that I can stop him.”

Kakashi pulled himself back, and Jiraiya hurried to focus on his drink and replace whatever
was on his face with his trademark disregard. “Sounds like a you problem,” he said. “I’ll
check Naruto’s seal. And the Uchiha’s. Maybe I’ll hang around, maybe I won’t. I’m a busy
man, how do you expect me to produce great art with a bunch of distractions tagging along?

No answer. Both Kakashi and the bandaged dog he had with him were gone.
“Shit, be like that. No wonder you can’t teach them. This fucking village, I swear.”

                                              ___

We didn’t break Sakura out at dawn the next day, because we were now well and truly into
summer and dawn occurred at ridiculous o'clock before any of the shops were open to get
breakfast. Seeing as Naruto’s suggestion of more cup ramen was both predictable and
ignorable and there hadn’t been time to get any fresh food the day before, waiting for the
shops was what we had.

“When you’re hokage and I have an ice cream shop,” I said, chivvying a bleary-eyed Naruto
towards the eggs, “I’m going to make takeaway breakfast a thing.”

“Why? Breakfast is home food, you need it when you wake up.”

“Because,” I insisted. For a ninja, Naruto was very much not a morning person, and trying to
sell him on the concept of coffee in a paper cup and a sticky pastry swirl that you had to
somehow eat without a plate would be tricky enough at the best of times. Konoha might have
an odd variety of modern technology dotted around the place but it held fast to traditional
food, and traditional food demanded a breakfast primarily consisting of rice and bulked out
with savoury toppings and protein. Good for ninjas, rubbish for people with sweet teeth, and I
steered him stubbornly towards the fruit stall once we’d loaded up on other essentials and got
a punnet of grapes and a melon big enough to share.

“Oh, morning Suisei-san!” Naruto said, perking up when we got the counter. “Are you taking
a break from missions again?”

“Uzumaki-kun,” the guy returned, and I squinted, trying to place where I knew him from.
Purple haori, short messy hair… The haori looked similar to the ones the Rain genin had
been wearing, but I didn’t think that was it. “I heard interesting things about the chunin
exams, I thought I’d try to watch. Your fights were very impressive.” He nodded at both of us
and tactfully didn’t mention that I’d forfeited, though his eyes did pause briefly on the cut
under mine.

Oh. Clothing shop-san. One of the very few on the list of shopkeepers - shop assistants? -
who liked Naruto and were therefore allowed to continue, that’s where I recognised him
from. I also recognised the faint frown as his gaze skipped from my eye to my arm and even
my ribs, which was annoying as I thought I’d been careful to hide the fact that those were
injured. Not that they were. Or, my arm was, but my ribs had already subsided to a dull ache
that was easy enough to ignore.

I could have scowled. His concern was unasked for and unwanted; I had enough people
fussing without adding random bystanders to the list, even if he was being subtle and the only
reason I noticed was that I was good enough now at reading people’s expressions with the
sharingan that I could pick up their tells without it. On the other hand, I was still riding the
odd high from unloading everything on Naruto last night, and I didn’t want a guy at a fruit
stall to ruin my good mood. I was no less scared today than I had been before - if anything,
finally admitting to myself and to Naruto that Orochimaru could come back at any time and
that I had no reason to believe my supposed lack of sharingan would keep him away should
have made me more scared, but.

It was hard to explain. The fact that Naruto knew just made it. Better. Naruto knew, and the
dogs, and if the dogs knew then Kakashi knew and maybe they’d pass it on to Tsuki to tell
Sakura or maybe Naruto would tell her or maybe I could even tell her, but the important thing
was that Naruto knew. And he was there, and I was going to have melon for breakfast, and
summons technically weren’t meant to be roaming the streets so we’d had to leave Bull
behind to watch the flat but Pakkun and Urushi were small enough to get away with, and I
was in a good mood.

“Thank you,” I said neutrally instead of flaring up like I might have done, and tuned out the
rest of the conversation in favour of juggling everything into a bag and looping it over my
good arm. Apparently Suisei was chronically bad at numbers though, because he gave me too
much change again.

“He does that for me sometimes,” Naruto confided as we left. “I think he’s just nice. He
covers shifts at the weapon shop sometimes as well, and he showed me how to sharpen the
practice kunai instead of buying the expensive ones.”

“People aren’t just randomly nice, though. We live in a ninja village.”

“So? Being a ninja doesn’t stop people being nice.”

I swallowed my immediate reply of being Konoha does, because even if the village as a
whole was shit I was meant to be in favour of people who could look past that and be decent
human beings. Trying to fish around for another way to say it without leaping into a rambling
diatribe against clan-murderers and child soldiers though, I hesitated. If your starting point
was the fundamental moral compass of us or them, and us was the village and anything done
in its service was therefore justified and correct - which was a simplified but not inaccurate
version of the morals Konoha taught - then… Ninja could be nice.

Which sounded ridiculously stupid for the weird conflict that was happening in my brain, but.
By the standards I’d inherited from my old world, Konoha was so far wrong that no one
could be trusted. Even Iruka, as genuine as he seemed, had patiently taught a classful of little
kids to kill people and led us through the steps of how to use basic torture and intimidation in
a field interrogation. It made everything he did suspect. How could he ever have my best
interests at heart if he was telling me to go out and stab people and put myself in the path of
getting stabbed in return?

But I wasn’t in my old world. Without that lens to view everything through, Iruka wasn’t a
bad guy turning me into something I shouldn’t have to be. He was… Giving me the tools I
needed to make sure I’d survive? It still didn’t feel right. People who trained child soldiers
weren’t nice, any more than people who made an effort to watch children be pitted against
each other and potentially die in the process for the sake of politics in the chunin exams. At
the same time though, I couldn’t find anything actively harmful in a random shop guy giving
too much change or taking the time to teach Naruto how to sharpen kunai, not unless I
concocted an elaborate plot about playing the long con and lulling people into a false sense of
security, and even for my paranoia that seemed a bit much.
“... Maybe,” I said. Naruto flashed me a happy grin and I rolled my eyes at him and turned to
Urushi and Pakkun instead. “Do you eat? I didn’t get meat, but there’s extra rice and eggs if
you want.”

Urushi’s ears went up, but Pakkun huffed what sounded like a laugh. “We’re good, Pup,” he
said. “Things work differently for summons.”

Do they, I thought as Urushi drooped. I slowed a fraction so he fell in step with me, then
signed a discrete delay mission, require stealth against my hip. He didn’t do anything so
obvious as wag his tail, but the ear twitch he gave showed his understanding, as did the way
he stuck close for the rest of the trip to the hospital, and I made a mental note to double check
what foods would be safe for him to eat.

“We bring breakfast,” I announced as we dropped in through the window I assumed Sakura
had left open for us. “We have to go home and cook it, but close enough.”

“Morning, Sasuke-chan, Naruto,” Sakura replied, smiling. “I thought you said you’d be here
at dawn, I’ve been waiting for ages.”

“Hime didn’t think ramen was good enough for you,” Naruto explained. “We had to wait for
the market.”

“It’s bastard, damnit.”

“When you’re not being fussy,” he agreed easily. “We brought ramen for Chouji, we could
have brought ramen for everyone.”

I stuck my tongue out. We brought ramen for Chouji because Chouji had asked for salt in the
tower, and I didn’t know if he still needed it or not but whatever other nutrients ramen lacked,
salt it could certainly do. We’d also brought a packet of Akimichi-brand chips and the grapes,
and I left them stacked in a neat pile on his bedside table.

“He was awake earlier,” Sakura said quietly behind me when I lingered, unsure if he’d prefer
to be left to sleep or be sad to have missed us. “They’ve got him eating every few hours to
put the weight back on, even during the night. He’s fine, just tired I think.”

“Of course he’s tired,” I said back, equally quietly. “He took a damn soldier pill so he could
watch the matches with us instead of going straight for treatment. What did he expect.
Honestly.” Did ramen, chips and grapes have enough calories? Oil and sugar, but not much
else. “Ino’s coming back later, right? She’ll bring him more food, she knows what he likes.”

“Sasuke-chan, he’s fine. The nurses know what they’re doing.”

I paused, but even if I did try to steal him and hide him somewhere safe, I wouldn’t actually
be helping. “Ok,” I said, shaking my head and stepping back. “Ok. He’s tired, he needs sleep,
we need to go. Shift. Pakkun and Urushi are out the window, c’mon.”

“I need to check out at the front desk,” Sakura said, moving to the door. “Naruto, can you
send the dogs a clone and ask them to meet us there?”
“Check out,” I repeated, scrunching up my nose as I followed her. We were ninja. We were
meant to escape through windows, it was part of the job description. Check out, honestly.



We didn’t make it to the front desk. This, see, was exactly why ninjas used windows.

“Uchiha,” someone called, way too loudly, striding down the corridor towards us. I spun,
stiffening on reflex, and barely had a moment to recognise Anko with Kurenai on her heels
before Sakura and Naruto had moved to block her path.

“You got a seal,” she said, pointing aggressively and completely ignoring them. “Why the
fuck has no one looked at it. Did you even get healed you little idiot, what kind of - girl,
move.”

“How did you know I had a seal?” I asked, holding myself warily as she all but bared her
teeth at Sakura. She didn’t look great. Her normally wild ponytail had progressed to the sort
of mess that came from repeatedly taking it out and retying it and from the expression on her
face she was running on not much sleep and a lot of stress.

“Don’t ask questions. Don’t hide things that could get you killed, did Hatake teach you that?
He’s shit. You’re shit. Show me your neck.”

“She doesn’t have to show you anything,” Naruto snapped, moving more decisively in
between us. “What do you mean could get you killed?”

“I mean what I said, twerp, or did none of you shits think -”

“Anko,” Kurenai said warningly, moving in to defuse the situation. Anko made a frustrated
sound and cut across her.

“Orochimaru sucks ass. If he sealed you, you need it contained, and I don’t give a flying fuck
that Hatake has authority or that you’re trying to be cagey and keep it secret. It will drive you
mad. It will fuck you up. I don’t like letting that bastard’s plans go to plan. Show me your
damn neck.”

The blunt revelations as to how dangerous seals could be clearly threw Sakura and Naruto,
and they hesitated.

“It’s not that kind of seal,” I said, trying to keep my voice as even as I could, as much
reassuring them as defending myself against Anko. “It wasn’t meant for me, and it’s not
driving me mad. It just makes my arm numb.”

Anko squinted disbelievingly, but Kurenai spoke before she could. “If that’s the case, and if
your sensei’s dealing with it, then that’s good.” The way she emphasised your sensei was
aimed at Anko, a clear reminder that other jounin’s genin were off limits, no matter how
necessary you thought the interference was. At least, off limits outside clan matters or unless
you happened to be the Hokage, but neither of those currently applied. “We’re sorry for
bothering you, and congratulations on your achievements in the exam,” Kurenai continued,
then bowed, somewhat distractedly, and turned to go, one arm hooked firmly through Anko’s
to drag her along.

Anko didn’t go without protest. “That’s bullshit and you know it -”

“Wait,” Sakura said. “You’re Team Eight’s sensei, aren’t you?”

They paused. “I’m sorry,” Kurenai said, not looking back. “They’re not taking visitors at the
moment. I’ll pass on that you were asking after them.”

Sakura hid a worried expression, and I remembered with a start that we hadn’t yet told her
about last night and what Pakkun had said.

“Because of Hinata,” I blurted, then winced. Next to me Naruto froze with wide eyes, and I
tensed as Kurenai turned slowly back to us. I swear I’m a sneaky ninja who can keep secrets.
Most of the time. With all eyes on me though and Sakura’s expression of rapidly dawning
horror as she tried to work out what I meant, I had very little hope of deflecting. So. I raised
my chin, and didn’t. “It’s classified because of Hinata, right?”

Kurenai held my stare, then shook her head. “How do you - no, I don’t want to know. Don’t
tell me.” She blinked, and frowned at us. “I’m serious. If it’s a lucky guess, I don’t care. Kiba
and Shino are awake, it’ll be good for them to see friends. Don’t make me regret letting you
in.”

I nodded, taken aback by her quick capitulation, but from the exhausted set to her shoulders
she was serious about not caring. I wondered if she agreed with the village’s decision to
basically isolate Team Eight to keep Hinata’s disappearance secret; it made sense as far as not
losing face in front of the other villages - an heiress was a hell of a thing to misplace, and for
one of your own missing nin to infiltrate your security to do it was an embarrassment at best -
but I hadn’t actually considered how hard it would be on Kiba and Shino to not be allowed to
talk to anyone.

We trailed behind as Kurenai led the way, Anko stalking beside her and shooting us a variety
of distrusting glares. Between us Naruto and I filled Sakura in on what Pakkun told us and
she looked grimly shaken at the prospect of war.

“The Hyuuga and Aburame are two of the highest ranking clans in the village,” she said. “If
they both want blood, I don’t know if anyone could stop them.”

I bit my lip on the instinctive we outrank them that I almost said. The Uchiha didn’t outrank
anyone anymore, and though I was nominally a clan head I had none of the influence my dad
had had. The Hokage could technically overrule them, and the Akimichi were the other noble
clan, particularly with the Nara and the Yamanaka block-voting with them, but realistically,
the odds weren’t in our favour.

Though. Realistically, the odds weren’t in Orochimaru’s favour either. Sound was too small
for war, that was surely the whole point of teaming up with Suna and invading through the
exams. Without the element of surprise - and, if Rasa pulled through for me, without Suna -
the best he could hope for would be to make victory hurt, and he must’ve known that when
he took Hinata. The whole fiasco with Kumo when we were little was hardly kept secret;
targeting the byakugan was practically inviting the Hyuuga to froth at the mouth and
overreact.

I wouldn’t be surprised if the Inuzuka joined them, looking at Kiba. Shino was sitting
somewhat stiffly on the edge of his bed with his feet neatly together on the floor, but Kiba
was still in bad shape, leaning back against the headboard and occasionally gripping the
sheets for support.

“My head doesn’t work,” he said flatly, answering the unasked question. He lifted a hand to
the wad of gauze over his ear, held in place by bandages that circled his head almost like a
headband. “Can’t hear out that side. Can’t balance. Can’t walk. Can’t do anything.”

“Yet,” Shino said stubbornly, hunching his shoulders. “Can’t walk yet.”

“Will maybe get enough balance for walking over the next month or so,” Kiba shot back.
“Maybe if I’m lucky be able to do meditative katas.”

“Which is by definition not nothing.”

“Sure. Great. Let me just save Hinata by wobbling after her, stunning plan Shino.”

“Have they heard anything?” Sakura asked, heading off what sounded like the start of a
recurring argument. “Did Orochimaru say why he wanted her?”

“Take a guess,” Kiba said, gesturing at me - or, more specifically, at the cut under my eye that
was glaring evidence that Orochimaru had tried to steal it.

Naruto made a noise of protest. “He didn’t try to kidnap the bastard though. He just wanted
her eyes.”

“He wouldn’t have needed to kidnap Uchiha,” Shino said, when it looked like Kiba was just
going to snap again. “Why? Because Uchiha doesn’t have a self-destruct technique to protect
his kekkei genkai.”

I leaned forward, internally debating how much I was supposed to know. The darker secrets
of the caged bird seal were, well, dark secrets, but it wouldn't be out of the realm of
possibility for me to know of the more practical aspects like Shino was alluding to. “I thought
only branch Hyuuga were sealed. Hinata’s main house, isn’t she?”

Kiba snorted. “She still knows how it works. Or she said she did.” He made a sound of
disgust and an aborted attempt to throw his hands up that resulted in him closing his eyes and
- presumably - waiting for the world to stop spinning while Akamaru pressed close and
whined. “Who knows,” he said bitterly, still with his eyes closed. “I nearly died and Shino
got whammied, she could’ve said anything to get him to stop.”

I blinked, trying to parse that. “Wait,” I said, glancing at Shino for confirmation. Out the
corner of my eye I noticed that Sakura had gone still, clearly understanding the same thing I
had. “Hinata threatened to self-destruct herself and her eyes… so that Orochimaru would let
you two go?”

“Sasuke-chan -”

“And it worked?” Could I use that? No, it was counter productive. I wasn’t self-destructive.
But if it was a bluff?

“We’re here, aren’t we?” Kiba said, glaring. “What, surprised she was brave enough?”

“No,” I said, distracted. It’d have to be a damn believable bluff, I didn’t have a history of
crazy family seals to protect me there, and Orochimaru would know that sharingans were
stupidly easy to transplant. The immolation jutsu, maybe? I’d set myself on fire a bit with it
before, and it was designed for burning dead bodies, so. But it took a while to heat up. And
was too obscure to use as a bluff, and a surprise way to melt my eyes was the exact opposite
of what I needed.

“It’s surprising that Orochimaru allowed it,” Sakura said with a hard look at me. “There’d be
nothing to stop him agreeing to Hinata’s terms then killing you anyway once she was
immobilised. It’s ridiculously lucky that it worked and it probably wouldn’t work again.”

“She won’t try it,” Naruto told her, with such faith in me that I had to refrain from looking
down and feeling suddenly guilty about my thoughts. Sakura still thought my survival
instinct was awol, of course she was worried about me getting inspired by someone else’s
self-sacrificing tendencies. Hot on the heels of the guilt though came annoyance; just because
a technique could be used like Hinata had used it didn’t mean it had to be. Threatening
Orochimaru to back off from me or lose access to my eyes was just as valid, and even if it
was risky, if I ran out of other options it was worth a shot.

I wasn’t so distracted by the thought though that I didn’t notice the way Shino tensed at what
Sakura said, nor the way Kiba noted his reaction and cast around for something to change the
subject. “It doesn’t matter how it worked, it just worked. Hinata’s alive. We’ll get her back. It
doesn’t need to work again, because it won’t have to work again.”

From the way Shino leaned forward further and gripped the edge of the bed until his knuckles
turned white, it was the wrong thing to say. “Get her eyes back,” he corrected, a dark edge of
anger that I’d never heard before in his usually level voice. “Because the village protects its
resources but a ninja’s duty is to serve, not to be served.”

I stared. With his dark glasses and high collar, I couldn’t see enough of his face to read his
expression, but the amount of bitterness he said it with completely threw me.

“Shino,” Kiba said, and even Akamaru hopped down to approach him with a beseeching
whine.

“But her family,” I protested, mind reeling. The Hyuuga were infamously protective, even if
their branch members would rather they weren’t. Hinata wasn’t me, she wasn’t facing the
village by herself as the last holder of eyes the village wanted - Shino wasn’t me, he hadn’t
lived through the village murdering his entire family, what the hell?
“Her clan won’t protect her. Her father hates her.” He seemed to be building steam, ignoring
Kiba’s attempts to get his attention. “The village treats itself like a colony whose workers can
be easily replaced -”

“That’s enough, Shino-kun,” Kurenai interrupted, striding back into the room with Anko
following closely behind. “Team Seven, thank you for visiting. Remember that Hinata-chan’s
circumstances are still classified, please don’t talk to anyone about what you learnt.” She
started chivvying us towards the door and, still somewhat blindsided by the abrupt downturn,
we waved an awkward goodbye and started to go.

“Wait - Kurenai-sensei, hang on - shit.”

I turned back; Kiba looked like he’d tried to get out of bed, but his eyes were squeezed shut
in pain and he was leaning so far forwards he was almost bent double in an effort not to
overbalance. Kurenai grimaced, but didn’t back down.

“I’m sorry, Kiba-kun -”

“No, I mean, wait.” He pointed at - near - me. “She? Also. Sasuke-chan?”

Ah. My turn to tense, though I swallowed and tried not to. I could play it off, but I’d only
been keeping it a secret before because I was trying to work it out for myself, not because it
was dangerous for people to know. I glanced back at the other two, then shook my head and
angled myself towards the door again. “I’m a girl, dick,” I said over my shoulder, as
offhandedly as I could. “Did you only just notice? God Inuzuka, keep up.”

And then I absolutely didn’t run away before he could react. I sauntered. Calmly. Head full of
thoughts about Shino’s odd anger, the fact that Anko was there - though, she and Kurenai
were friends, it could just be that - actually was that likely if everything was classified? - and
what Sakura had said about Orochimaru going back on his word as soon as Hinata was
incapacitated and her self destruct jutsu was no longer a threat.

All very worthy thoughts for a head to be full of. No space for comments from the peanut
gallery. Gender was bullshit. End of. Moving on.

I slowed at the end of the corridor, looking at the other two with a worried frown. They
weren’t just worthy thoughts, they were downright alarming because either Shino had been
hiding a bitter grudge against Konoha for most of the years I knew him - doubtful, but he
kept to himself and I’d never bothered to get to know him very well - or… Or Orochimaru
had given him a seal to help his anger along.

“Where do you want to go for breakfast?” Sakura said, too brightly, and signed a discrete
classified with her hands as she did so.

“Home,” Naruto said. “The bastard wanted to cook.”

“I’m cooking, am I,” I muttered, but there was no heat in it. A seal. On Shino? I might have
been reading it wrong. I must have been reading it wrong. Why the hell would he seal Shino?
Just because the Aburame were one of the big clans? To cause chaos? Because he thought
  Shino wouldn’t survive? There was no way he wanted his bugs. As fitting as a host-symbiote
  relationship might be for him, the kikachu fell way outside the perimeter of things
  Orochimaru could use to make himself stronger.

  I shook my head. “I’m cooking,” I repeated, reminding myself that Naruto’s culinary skills
  were… enthusiastic, but basic. He made a good sous chef. Not that I made a particularly
  accomplished head chef, but I at least knew the principles of stirring the fry to make stir fry,
  so. Naruto’s flat was closer to ANBU headquarters and more defensible, but we had at least
  two dogs and I needed to get clothes anyway - I was currently in Naruto’s spares. And for all
  that Naruto had practically moved in with me, Sakura had still never been to the Uchiha
  district; if I wanted her not to jump to conclusions like what she thought I’d do with Hinata’s
  self-destruction idea, then, potentially, I needed to be a bit more open with her so she’d know
  what I’d actually do instead.

  Still. I hesitated. For the big things, it still felt like I was only open with Naruto because he
  happened to be there when I inevitably reached the breaking point, and the only way I knew
  to work through things was to rage at him and let him help me put myself back together again
  after. I couldn’t do that with Sakura. I’d already burnt throught the anger, and without it, I
  didn’t know how to say the things I meant. But she was still Sakura, and leaving her out of
  the loop didn’t feel right either.

  And by now we’d reached the front desk and checked out and picked up Pakkun and Urushi
  again - and Guruko, and I blinked at him in surprise until I remembered that he and Akino
  had been watching Sakura last night - and it was just a house. The question wasn’t anything
  life threatening, it was where are we having breakfast, and I was turning it into an anxiety-
  inducing mess like an idiot.

  “Come on,” I said, shaking myself out of it and telling myself to grow up. “My house is this
  way.”



Chapter End Notes



    Konoha: We're going to keep these two kids in isolation despite their traumatic
    experience so no one knows what happened to them or their missing teammate
    Kurenai: we're what
                      Chapter 31: Chunin exam arc, part two: VI
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   I didn’t watch Sakura’s reaction to my house. Some things had changed in the month Naruto
   had been living with me, some things hadn’t; we still avoided the front entrance and hopped
   over the fence to go in the back, I still didn’t have house slippers or anywhere to leave
   sandals that wasn’t in a pile by the door. What had been a cosy but sparsely decorated space
   when it was just me was now verging on cramped: two stools by the counter, bulkier clothes
   piled in the gap between the wall and the sideboard because there wasn’t space for two
   peoples’ to fit folded inside. I hadn’t made good on my threat to install bunkbed futons, but
   there were two sets of pillows stacked on top of the neatly rolled bedding, and Plushie-tan
   balanced precariously on top of that. His usual space on the sideboard was taken up with the
   photos of our mothers, and a potted cactus Naruto had brought round one day and forgotten
   to take home.

   “House,” I said, waving vaguely at the room as I beelined towards the kitchen-half of the
   kitchen. “Bathroom’s through that door if you need it, I’ll make tea.” I didn’t mention the
   other door; it was fairly obvious that it led through to the main rooms, and also fairly obvious
   that I didn’t use it.

   “It’s… a very nice house,” Sakura said, clearly struggling with inbuilt laws of politeness. I
   snorted, but still kept my gaze focussed squarely on the leaves I was measuring into the
   teapot. Any of my attention left over was cataloguing the way the dogs were trying to find
   out of the way corners to sprawl in; there weren’t many to choose from, but they weren’t big
   dogs, and Guruko was a fan of high places so he at least was happy to colonise the top of the
   fridge. Urushi ended up under the counter by my feet, Pakkun plonked himself squarely in
   the middle of the floor and waited for Sakura to step around him.

   “It’s stupid,” I corrected her. “The entire Uchiha district to choose from, and I live in a one
   room mess because I’m too pathetic to move out.”

   “You’re not too pathetic,” Naruto said, brushing past me to get the cups. “It’s your family’s
   house. Family are important. Of course you live here. Anyway, you wouldn’t have your
   garden if you moved.”

   I quirked a half-smile at him, only noticing that my shoulders had been tensed when they
   relaxed a fraction at his words. And when I noticed that, I shook myself out of my
   defensiveness, and looked up at Sakura. “I’ll show you the garden after,” I promised her. “I
   need to make you a better paralytic, I think I have the right plants.”

   She still looked awkward, unable to deny my blunt criticism of my living situation but
   equally unwilling to be harsh enough to agree with me. I stubbornly refused to regret what I
   said, or showing her the house, because there was no point; the fact that I lived right next
   door to where my parents were murdered was stupid, and if I was trying to be more honest
   with her - with me - then it would be even more stupid to try and pretend that it wasn’t. And
despite what Naruto said, I was pathetic. In many ways. I was just, also, a work in progress.
So. So there.

Unloading the biggest of my fears onto Naruto last night was a hell of a pick-me-up, but even
it had its limits, and I was fast approaching them. I was turning defensive, even in my
thoughts, and gearing myself up for an argument. I didn’t know why. I had no reason to
expect Sakura to be difficult, all I needed to do was tell her that her assumptions were wrong
and I didn’t like the way she treated me because of them, it should be easy. I’d already told
Naruto, and that turned out so well I didn’t have a way to phrase it that didn’t sound sarcastic.
It wasn’t like I cared about Sakura any less, so why was it so damn hard to say things?

“You need to stop being overprotective,” I blurted, too fast and too sudden and way too loud
despite the fact that I didn’t actually raise my voice. Also too aggressive. Was it? It sounded
too aggressive to me. I really didn’t want an argument. How the frick did you tell someone
you didn’t like what they did without it being an accusation, was this a life lesson I’d missed
somewhere? Somehow I felt that following Itachi’s method of character critique was not the
right answer here.

Sakura frowned, just a fraction, slight enough that I could tell she was trying not to. “I…
didn’t realise I was being,” she said cautiously.

“You are.” I could let myself doubt everything and pull back from the conversation and just
leave things as they were, that would be the easy route, but I could also not do any of that.
“You don’t treat me as a full member of the team. I’m like… Tsuki. I’m like Tsuki.”

“Sasuke-chan, what. Of course you’re a full member of the team.”

“No, I mean, I know, but.” I tugged on my fringe in frustration and tried to find a way to
word it so it made sense. “Tsuki’s a puppy, so you have to make allowances for her, right?
She’s the tracker, and she’s good at what she does, but you wouldn’t let her come up with a
plan or fight like she keeps asking to because she’s a puppy. And with Naruto you trust him
to be sensible, but with me, you keep specifying things and saying I run into battles I can’t
handle, and if I do have to make a decision for myself then I feel like you think I just. Decide.
Or don’t decide, just randomly jump in without thinking, or think but think wrong, or just
react, or.” I trailed off helplessly, struggling to explain. “Like Tsuki,” I finished, spreading my
hand and hoping that worked.

She didn’t reply straight away, and I busied myself with the tea and the rice and all the other
assorted things I was meant to be doing to make breakfast. Naruto moved around me
seamlessly despite how small the kitchen area was, but he kept deliberately quiet and out of
the conversation. Not pointedly - he was still very much there if either of us needed him, just.
Not interfering.

“I don’t think you’re a puppy,” Sakura finally said, wrapping her hands round the cup I
passed her and holding them there. She looked like she’d quite like to have cooking to
occupy them with as well, but as she was a guest, the cup was what she had. “I don’t think
you’re like Tsuki either.”
“But you do think I’m reckless.” Did dogs like tea? Pakkun had seemed entirely disinterested
in anything food related earlier, but I retrieved a bowl and poured out the last of the pot for
Urushi anyway. He had come to sit under the counter, directly in my line of sight but hidden
from the rest of the room, and his expression seemed a bit too hopeful to ignore. “You said I
was in Wave, and you said I didn’t care enough if I died in the forest.”

“You were reckless in Wave,” she pointed out neutrally. “With Haku, but also in the way you
fought. But,” and here she ducked her head in acknowledgement, “You aren’t now. Not with
taijutsu, at least.”

I suppressed a flash of sourness at that. We’d been fresh genin in Wave; of course my taijutsu
had got better. All our taijutsu had got better, and it wasn’t like she and Naruto had been
faultless in the way they’d fought either. But if I actually tried to think back, it wasn’t like she
and Naruto had charged in to fight the demon brothers either, or used a technique that left
them vulnerable over a large body of water when they knew they couldn’t swim. If I was
honest, Wave felt a lot further away and a lot less relevant to me than it probably was, but at
the same time I didn’t think it was fair for Sakura to still be basing her judgement of me on
things I’d done before I’d started treating the team as a team.

“Hinata’s strategy of threatening to destroy her eyes unless Orochimaru let her team go was a
valid one,” I said, putting Wave aside. “It gave her an advantage against someone she
couldn’t otherwise hope to beat. She probably saved Kiba and Shino’s lives.”

Here, Sakura was on more stable ground, and she leaned forwards to reply. “At the cost of
her own, or if not her life, then at the very least her freedom. It was a massive risk to take and
even when it paid off, it wasn’t a solution her team wanted.”

“They faced Orochimaru. Nothing about the situation was what they wanted. If she hadn’t
taken the risk they’d probably all be dead, because sometimes life is shit and sometimes the
solutions you want aren’t possible so you have to settle for what you can do instead.”

She grimaced. “I know. I’m not expecting everything to always have an easy answer, I’m
well aware people need to prioritise and sometimes their choices suck. Obviously I know
that.”

Rice on; I couldn’t do the eggs until the rice was cooked, but melon waited for no man.
Melon was also spherical and in danger of rolling off the worktop, but I waved Naruto off
when he tried to help. I had an arm of water chakra; if I could use it to snag shuriken from
midair, I could use it to keep my damn breakfast still while I cut it into pieces.

“So why are people reckless if their only choices suck and they have to choose one anyway?
Hinata wouldn’t have sacrificed herself if there was another way to save her team. I wouldn’t
have talked to Gaara if I didn’t think it would’ve worked, or got Orochimaru away from you
if I thought there was any chance we could’ve beat him.”

“Are you honestly trying to convince me you weren’t reckless?” she shot back. “I know you,
Sasuke-chan. I saw you panic when you realised Shikamaru was in the sand. You knew you
weren’t thinking, that’s why you were so defensive about it afterwards.”
I scowled at the melon. Maybe I had panicked. That didn’t automatically mean I was wrong.
“Not everyone thinks as fast as you do,” I said instead of admitting anything. She’d read it
from my lack of denial anyway, there was no point actually saying it. “I didn’t have time to
work out all the steps. There was a problem, I had a solution, and if I’d waited until I was
sure it was the best one I’d miss my chance and end up with no solution at all.”

“I get that,” she said. “And I’m glad it worked out and I’m glad everyone survived, but you
were lucky.”

“We’re ninja. If we never took risks we’d never do anything. Everything we do relies on at
least some luck.” Like slipping Urushi two more-or-less evenly hacked cubes of melon;
Pakkun couldn’t see - I didn’t know that he’d actually mind even if he did, to be honest - and
my quick glance up at the fridge showed Guruko to not be paying attention, but I was still
risking getting caught. Not a big risk, but. Still a risk.

He took them surprisingly delicately, and licked my thumb hopefully for more.

“And ninjas who only rely on luck end up dead when their luck runs out,” Sakura said,
frowning. “The more you allow yourself to panic and make rash decisions, the more chances
there are of that happening.”

“I’m not - allow myself to panic? Right, sorry, let me just give myself a stern talking to and
not do that then.”

She huffed, and gave me an unimpressed look. “I’m not saying you do it on purpose. But if I
know that you panic, then I should make sure you’re not put in a position where you’re
forced to make a decision while you’re compromised. And, if I know that you consider
sacrifice plays to be acceptable solutions, then I should also make sure you’re not in a
position where you can make sacrifice plays, because if I don’t then I’m not doing my job as
team leader in keeping you alive.”

I’d run out of melon to chop, and moved on to portioning it out to the bowls Naruto had set
out for me. There were six. Should I put one down for Pakkun anyway, even though he’d said
he didn’t want it? Guruko had hopped down from the fridge and, by pure coincidence, found
himself sitting by my ankles and with his head tilted up and his tail wagging very gently
against the floor.

“Sacrifice plays are acceptable solutions,” I said stubbornly, glaring at the sixth bowl. If I fed
Pakkun, it’d be pretty obvious that I was feeding the other two. If I didn’t feed Pakkun and he
already knew I was feeding the other two, which he probably did anyway, then he might feel
left out. But he’d said he didn’t want human food, so I shouldn’t feed him.

Sakura on the hand just glared straight at me, and fine. We’d tried being reasonable and not
having an argument about it, but I’d run out of cooking, and she refused to budge in her
views, so fine. Arguing I could do. I was good at arguing, but Naruto interrupted before I
could.

“Not if you’re trying to stay alive,” he said, quietly, leaning back against the counter. There
was nothing accusatory in what he said, but I still held myself too tightly so I didn’t hunch
defensively from it. Also, Pakkun was on the counter next to him, because Pakkun had no
regard for where it was and wasn’t appropriate for a pug to sit, and from that angle he
would’ve seen exactly how much melon Urushi and Guruko had eaten. Which was. Great.

“I am trying.”

“I know,” he said, still quietly. “So does Sakura -” and that, I was vindicated to note, came
with a heavy stare in her direction until, I assumed, she broke eye contact and acquiesced “-
and we know you wouldn’t do it unless you thought there was no other choice. But that
doesn’t mean we have to like it, and it doesn’t mean we can’t try to make sure that it’s not
necessary.”

I still didn’t hunch, or make myself smaller, but I didn’t scowl at him either and my will to
argue deflated. “I’m not asking her to like it,” I protested. “But if the way she makes sure I
don’t take risks is to make other people take risks instead, then that’s not fair.”

“I’m not -” she stopped, and when she started again her voice was steadier. “I don’t want
anyone to take risks. Or make sacrifices. I’m trying to keep everyone alive.”

When I looked over at her, she was holding herself just as carefully and miserably as I was,
except she didn’t have Urushi by her feet to lean against her. I hesitated, but I’d brought the
conversation up, so I felt like I needed to see it through. “If I hadn’t saved Shikamaru,
he’d’ve died,” I said, trying to aim for Naruto’s quiet statement of truth and almost certainly
falling short. “If I hadn’t taken Orochimaru away from you and Naruto, you could’ve died. If
Hinata hadn’t threatened to destroy her eyes, Kiba and Shino would probably have died.”

“I know,” she said, too sharply, then shook her head and started again. “I know. And it
shouldn’t be on you to save everyone and Hinata shouldn’t have had to give herself up and
we shouldn’t be on the edge of going to war and a lot of things are happening that shouldn’t
and I know.” She paused, taking a breath that was just this side of ragged, and I hovered
awkwardly, torn between wanting to make things ok and still needing her to see that they
weren’t. “But I can’t do anything about that. I’m not team leader for everyone, I’m team
leader for you and Naruto, and you’re the one who’s in the most danger so you’re the one I’m
trying most to keep alive.”

“By refusing to let me take risks and not trusting me to make my own decisions.”

“I’m trying to keep you alive,” she repeated. “It’s my job.”

“Actually,” Pakkun cut in, “It’s mine.” We both blinked at him, thrown by the unexpected
statement, and he tilted his head. “At the moment, anyway. It’s your sensei’s job, and he left
you in my care, and that makes it my job.”

“But,” Sakura started, and she and I shared an unsure glance. “But I’m team leader?”

“You’re a puppy,” Pakkun corrected. “You’re small, you get over excited about things, and
you try to run too fast for your paws. Pup,” he said, turning to me. “Your life is dangerous.
It’s not your fault that you have to take risks and it’s not your fault that the risks you take
have disastrous consequences if they go wrong, but that doesn’t change the fact that you take
risks. If life was fair you could make your mistakes and they’d go wrong and you’d learn
from them, but you don’t have that luxury and you need to be more careful because of it.”
Then, barely giving me time to absorb that, he turned to Sakura. “Pup,” he said again, not
even changing his inflection, “It’s easy to assume that someone is doing worse than you
because they aren’t as good as you or they aren’t trying as hard, but it’s also easy to miss the
things that are holding them back if you only look at them from the outside. A pack that
trusts two thirds of its strength is two thirds as strong, and if you want to keep yours alive you
need to be stronger than that.”

He looked between us, somehow with far more weight than a small dog in a henohenomoheji
jacket should be able to bring to bear, and we shuffled in place and dipped our heads. It didn’t
feel like a telling off, not quite, but it felt like something and Sakura and I were united in the
awkward feeling of having done something wrong and being faced with someone who was
being… not disappointed, but. Understanding about it.

“And, Pup,” Pakkun continued, and I braced myself as he turned to face me again. “You need
to stop giving them melon,” he said, scowling down at the other two dogs. Urushi lay down
with his head on his paws and looked up soulfully, but Guruko sneezed and yipped an
offended denial. Pakkun sneezed back and refused to be moved. “There’s a reason we don’t
eat human food,” he told him. “Stop taking advantage of the puppies not knowing better,
you’ll set a bad example.”

A reason? I perked up, curious despite myself, but bit my tongue on asking. Summons were
notoriously close-lipped about their secrets with anyone outside their clan - hell, even within
clans they could be wary of people who hadn’t yet signed their contract. We got away with a
lot from the dogs because we were Kakashi’s kids (and, I think, because the dogs were pretty
lax about most things) but it would still be too rude for me to ask.

Naruto on the other hand didn’t know enough about clans and summons for it to stop him.
“What’s the reason?”

Not that it did either of us much good; Pakkun just raised an eyebrow in a way that made his
whole ear twitch up and said dryly, “We’re summons.”



Breakfast was… quiet. Not a bad quiet. Not even really a thoughtful quiet, though there was
a lot, potentially, to think about. Just quiet. Sometimes life was. We had it outside by the
pond, partly because there was more space, partly because I’d promised to show Sakura the
garden and wanted her to meet the fish.

Meet the fish. What I actually wanted was for her to know they were there and how to look
after them in case I couldn’t. It wasn’t the fish’s fault they were trapped in a pond and
dependent on other people to keep them alive. It wasn’t their fault the person they were stuck
depending on had been planning to run away and abandon them, and even if I stayed for the
meanwhile, there were too many ways things could go wrong. Little things. Missions running
over - I’d been lucky that I knew to expect it for Wave and had set up their food in advance,
but you couldn’t always predict when you’d be away for too long, and little things like that
could be just as damaging to them. Not everything that needed worrying about was life or
death.

If I mentioned it now though I knew that’s what it would sound like, and while it was
arguably less reckless of me to consider the consequences of my death to the people - and
fish - I’d leave behind, it also wasn’t something I wanted to bring up. Or think about. If I was
dead I was dead, who cared what happened when I wasn’t there to see?

I paused, chopsticks hovering in place and rice grains slowly dropping back into my bowl.

Left. Not died. I needed Sakura to look after the fish after I left. Had been planning to run
away - that was the wrong tense. Was still planning to run away. Itachi was still the endgame.
Konoha was the enemy, my brother was safety, and anything else was a distraction.
Distractions were dangerous. Whatever progress I was making on my garden, on dealing with
the issues I knew I had, that didn’t matter. You didn’t sit someone down who was drowning
and ask them to talk about their fear of water, you got them out of the damn ocean and made
sure they could breathe.

I bit my lip, staving off the disloyal thought that said Kakashi fixed that, though. I wasn’t
talking about an actual fear of water. Bubblehead no jutsu didn’t fix the rest of me.

But neither did stubbornly refusing to face anything. It wasn’t disloyal to want to be someone
better, even if I was relying on Konoha people to help me. I didn’t want to be the same mess
of a person I had been before. I wasn’t, anyway. I was a girl now. And - and Naruto and
Sakura weren’t Konoha. They were just in Konoha, but so was I, and maybe the progress I
was making didn’t leave me any less at risk than I was before, but that didn’t mean it didn’t
matter.

I frowned, the thought sticking in my head, and I turned to the sideboard after we’d finished
clearing up. “Do you have a bag?” I asked Naruto. “I only have my backpack. If I’m staying
with you, I want more than a backpack of clothes.” I tugged at the borrowed shirt I was
wearing and wrinkled my nose for effect. “Not that yours aren’t nice or anything.”

He rolled his eyes and produced, naturally, an orange holdall-shaped clone. “Should I just
grab them all? You go through a lot.”

“Yes, because I change out of my sweaty training clothes and wash them like a reasonable
human being. I go through a perfectly normal amount, it’s not my fault people think shinobi
fabric doesn’t get dirty so fast.”

“You wear three outfits a day. I don’t think my washing machine is big enough to cope.”

I stuck my tongue out at that. His washing machine would be fine. If it wasn’t, I’d get him an
early birthday present, because there were some things in life I wasn’t willing to do without.
But I also used the cover of grabbing clothes from the sideboard to nab a crumpled bundle
from the back corner that I’d shoved in there over a month ago and forgotten about, and tried
very hard to be casual as I picked up a clean top and waved myself off to the bathroom to
change.
I wasn’t doing anything suspicious. Or wrong. I was just. Changing. Into clothes that I
owned, because I bought them, and the colour suited me and the loose material would be
comfy for summer, and it was fine. It was good.

It was good enough, in fact, that I stood in front of the bathroom mirror after I’d stripped off
the clothes I was wearing, and forced myself to look up and not hate my reflection. Not that -
it wasn’t a bad reflection, if I saw it on anyone else it’d be fine, but that was the thing. It was
fine, but it had never felt like mine. I’d never made it feel like mine, and now that I was being
a girl and being myself and being better that was something that had to change.

It wasn’t even that boyish. Still not curvy though, still too pale and still not civilian or curly
haired with freckles.

Still flat chested.

“Yeah, well,” I said, scowling at it. “You’re Uchiha, what do you expect. You’re not going to
look soft and round and tanned, you’re going to look like -” I bit the sentence off, closing my
eyes and pressing my palms against them and reminding myself that I was meant to be good,
damnit. Not getting mad at myself. Progress. I was making progress.

It didn’t feel like it. Why didn’t it feel like it. Why was it so damn difficult to feel like you
belonged in your own skin. I was fucking - preteens weren’t meant to, to be buxom or
whatever ridiculous standard I was setting for myself. Even the word sounded stupid. There
were loads of shapes that girls could be, it didn’t make them any less girl if they weren’t a
perfect hourglass, and allowing myself to get worked up about it was pointless and painful
and going nowhere. I was a girl. Naruto and Sakura agreed with me. It was fine.

“You’re going to look like mum,” I repeated. When I opened my eyes again, I didn’t try to
compare my reflection to the way I’d looked before. I fixed the image of my mum from her
genin team photo in my mind instead, and tried to see her in the shape of my eyes, the high
cheekbones, even the longer bits of hair hanging down either side of my face.

I paused, thrown by the similarities. If I didn’t look at my reflection as me, but instead looked
at it as someone else who looked like a younger Mikoto...

I’d looked like her before, I remembered. Not on purpose. I’d tried to grow my hair out to
look like Itachi, but it hadn’t worked. I’d just ended up looking like my mum, and at the time,
I hadn’t wanted to think about her. She was a reminder that the world was shit and Itachi had
killed everyone and I was alone, and I’d taken a kunai to it in a fit of anger and learnt that
there was nothing intentional about canon Sasuke's signature hairstyle; it was just how hair
went when you gathered it behind your head and sliced. Except, my hair wasn’t short enough
to spike up at the back just now. And my mum wasn’t a painful reminder anymore.

I shook myself, putting the thoughts aside. Itachi didn’t kill the clan, the Hokage did. I was
getting off topic. I’d come in here for a reason, and that was that Sakura and Naruto both
knew I was a girl, and also that for the first time I was trying to look at the things that were
wrong with me and make them better instead of pretending they didn’t exist, and the upshot
of that was that I was going to wear the damn hakama I’d accidentally bought or die trying
and it was going to be good or so help me I’d set it on fire.
I grappled one-handed with the ties for longer than I cared to admit before glowering at them
and giving up in disgust.

“Look, fucker,” I told it through gritted teeth. “I am having a moment here. Do you even
know how hard I’m trying with this. I don’t like how I look enough that I don’t even let
Plushie-tan see me without a top on, and now I’m trying to accept myself but you need a
fecking master’s degree in trigonometry before you’ll deign to stay in one place and don’t you
dare come undone - oh you pissing whore.”

Fire would be too good for it. Also I only had one pair and I wanted to wear it.

I hesitated, then thought, fuck it. I was a girl, wasn’t I? Besides, I was clothed, just not done
up, what was the problem.

“Sakura? Could I borrow a hand?”

“Sure,” she replied, a beat too fast, and I heard her steps approaching the door. “Yes, of
course. What do you need?”

I opened it just enough for her to step through, then gestured at the waistband I was currently
holding up with chakra. “I can’t, um. They have to cross round and go together at the front, it
doesn’t work with one hand.”

If she was surprised to see me in not only a far brighter colour than I’d ever worn before -
stealing Naruto’s jacket notwithstanding - but also in a very different outfit, she didn’t let it
show, just nodded and took the ties from me to knot in place.

“It’s pretty,” she said, with her head still bent down and focussed on them. “It suits you.”

I blinked. “Thank you,” I said. “It, um, it’s meant to be worn with all these layers and big
sleeves. I don’t have that. I just have clothes. As in, normal clothes.” Even when she finished
and stepped back, Sakura was hovering on the edge of avoiding my gaze, and she held herself
in the awkwardly tense-not-tense way of someone who felt out of place and didn’t know how
to fix it.

I bit my lip, then blurted, “Do you want a hand?”

She looked up at me in confusion. “With what?”

“The keeping people alive. Thing. And the decisions and being responsible and.” I waved a
vague gesture at the air. “Things. I know you’re better at planning, and I know -” I almost
stumbled over the words, but didn’t “- I know I panic and I know I’m better at doing than at
thinking, but.” I lifted a shoulder in a jerky half-shrug. “I’m people. Keeping people alive
sounds like the sort of thing I should be invested in.”

She hiccoughed out a beat of laughter. “The keeping people alive thing,” she repeated with a
smile, then her face turned serious again. “Naruto said you talked to him.”

“I - yeah. Kind of. I said words.”
  “I’m glad. And I’m - I’m sorry.” I made an instinctive noise of protest, but she lifted her chin
  determinedly. “I’m sorry,” she insisted. “I don’t think of you like Tsuki but I didn’t… I
  wasn’t appreciating the things you actually can do and that a lot of things were out of your
  control.”

  “They’re out of your control too,” I said. “You’re team leader and you have chainsaws on
  your arms, but we’re twelve. We’re not even teenagers yet. We should be doing d-ranks and
  being idiots. Preferably in ways that don’t kill us if they go wrong.”

  “I’m thirteen,” she said dryly, raising an eyebrow. “Does that mean I’m exempt from d-
  ranks? Because if so, I’m playing that card next time Kakashi gives us a cleanup mission.”

  I blinked. “You’re not thirteen. When were you thirteen? I was meant to get you balloons.
  Why didn’t you say?”

  “Don’t worry about it, Sasuke-chan. It was before we left the academy.”

  That was nowhere near as comforting as it was probably meant to be, because, “You’ve been
  thirteen the whole time?”

  She grinned. “That’s how it works. Did you want to show me the plants?”

  “But how is it how it works, I can’t be younger than - is Naruto still twelve? He has to still be
  twelve. He is still twelve, I have the photo and my mum was more pregnant than his. Naruto,
  we’re looking at plants, come join. Did you know Sakura was older than us?”



Chapter End Notes



    Sasuke at the start of the fic: Fuck the fish. Live in water? Disgusting. Die if they're left
    to fend for themselves? Disgusting. Had to be rescued from abandoned gardens in a
    bucket and now rely on an idiot who hates them for everything, who does that.

    Sasuke at the turning point of the fic: You're still small and helpless and that's kind of
    shit, but you also didn't ask to be stuck in a garden pond where you need someone to
    feed you every day. So. Maybe.

    Sasuke at the current point of the fic: Well obviously someone needs to look after the
    fish. They're fish. How the fuck would they look after themselves, are they meant to
    clean the filter by blowing bubbles at it? Honestly.



    Also! Just a quick note to say thank you so much for all the comments, they absolutely
    make my day and I wish I was still able to answer everyone individually. But I definitely
    do love to read them and the fact that you keep reading is the reason I keep writing, so
    <3 and keep on being fabulous x
                     Chapter 32: Chunin exam arc, part two: VII
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   We didn’t run into Jiraiya until the day after, and even then I couldn’t tell if he meant to meet
   us or not. Charitably, I excused his lateness as a matter of priority - if Shino had got a seal as
   I thought he had, then even with Anko to keep an eye on it they’d need Jiraiya to see to his
   before dealing with mine. As frustrating as my arm was it wasn’t scrambling my head or
   causing me active pain, and Kakashi had deemed it stable enough, so. Shino’s was probably
   more urgent.

   Uncharitably I thought it was perfectly on brand for Jiraiya to dither at the bathhouse instead
   of facing his responsibilities as Konoha’s seal master and decided to dislike him on principle.
   I mean. Responsibilities as seal master, responsibilities as godfather… And either he was a
   shit spymaster who’d spent the last decade not noticing ROOT running rings around him or
   he knew full well what Danzo was up to and had decided to turn a blind eye. I was glad he’d
   split on Naruto. Who knew what the man would do with a baby? Take his eye off it in an
   onsen and drown it, probably.

   So, revising previous statement. Charitably, I decided to restrict myself to just disliking him
   on principle, because I was magnanimous and forgiving like that. Plus, the extra day of
   downtime was something of a relief after the madness of the exam - we'd turned up at our
   usual training ground at the usual time but Kakashi had not, and I deliberately pushed aside
   the unease that came with his absence.

   Pakkun said he was running patrols. Therefore he was running patrols. The fact that he was
   one of the village's deadliest assets and that Konoha was preparing for war was entirely
   coincidential; his ANBU days were bad for him, he wasn't going back. He'd probably just
   made himself nocturnal - the number of people casually out and about during the day was a
   not insignificant defense, and so long as we didn't venture too far from the village or follow a
   hooded stranger down a dark side alley we should, in theory, be safe. It was the night we
   needed to be wary of, and it made sense for that to be when Kakashi was more on guard, so
   the fact that he’d disappeared and left us with Pakkun was all part of his master plan and it
   was fine.

   Wondering if he was being sent on preemptive strikes to Sound was irrational. Wondering if
   he didn't trust the village's security and had decided to step up his own was irrational.
   Wondering if the village was so concerned with appearing strong and unruffled that they
   hadn't stepped up security after losing one clan heir and nearly losing another was also
   irrational, and stupid to boot, and trying to second guess what the Hokage may or may not be
   doing about the whole war situation was nearly impossible with the lack of information we
   had.

   “But surely it makes more sense to send a rescue mission?” Naruto asked, leaning his elbows
   on the railings of the training ground bridge. “If we declare war then Sound will declare war
   back, then everyone’s just fighting each other. It doesn’t help Hinata.”
“It could be a distraction?” Sakura offered. “We don’t know how well defended she is, maybe
we need to split Sound’s forces before the rescue teams can sneak in.”

I made a noise of disagreement. “It’s not about Hinata. That would work if this was a
standard mission against an enemy camp, but war’s different.”

“Of course it’s about Hinata, what else would it be?”

“Pride?” I shrugged, and kicked my feet out from where they dangled over the edge to watch
the way the baggy material of the hakama billowed around my legs. “Konoha threatens
Sound with war to make them give Hinata back, but if Orochimaru calls their bluff then they
look weak if they don’t follow through.”

“We haven’t threatened though,” Sakura said. “Not publicly. Everything’s classified - we
don’t even know if there’s been an official statement.”

“Ok, fine. Konoha let an enemy kage take a clan heir. They look weak if they just ignore it
and don’t do anything about it.”

“Except we are doing something about it,” Naruto insisted. “We’re trying to get Hinata
back.” He turned to me with a frown, deliberating over the next thing he wanted to say. From
the slight shake to his head though he decided against it, and went for something else. “If it’s
about showing we’re strong, then the way to be strong is to protect people, and the way to
show the other villages they can’t kidnap people is to not give up until Hinata’s safe again.”

If she was even still alive to be rescued, but I didn’t say that. I knew that Orochimaru
wouldn’t be cowed - he’d never have taken her to begin with if he could be. Unless he’d
never planned to and had just been amused at her attempt to threaten him, but even then he
didn’t seem the sort to back down. I didn’t really understand what he was the sort to do given
that neither the byakugan nor the kikachu bugs matched up with what I knew of his
immortality plans, but the only way I could see for Konoha to avoid war was for Orochimaru
to plan something worse.

I grimaced at the thought. There had to be other ways. War was a shit answer, I refused to let
myself fall into the trap of thinking it was necessary. We were ninja, we thrived on sneaky
and unconventional solutions - the fact that shinobi defaulted so often to hitting each other on
battlefields was a travesty of wasted intelligence. If I was thinking like the village, and I were
trying to avoid losing face without sending teams of people to die for no reason, I’d…

My stomach turned.

I’d declare her a missing nin and a traitor, and quietly send ROOT to assassinate her and
reclaim her eyes. Missing nin were a fact of life. No one batted an eye at them, and as the
failed heir of an unyielding clan, she was exactly the sort of person people would accept as
going rogue. It was only weakness on Konoha’s part if they allowed another village to one-up
them. If you defected by yourself then you were just a troubled prodigy child with a grudge,
it’s not like you were anything special.

It’s not like assassination was a much better answer than war, either. I guess less people died.
“Yeah,” I said, swallowing that line of logic and breaking the unhappy silence that had settled
over us. Sakura hadn’t contradicted Naruto, but she hadn’t agreed with him either, and I
could see from her face that she didn’t think it was that simple even if she wanted it to be.

I scowled, looking back over the river. Why wasn’t it that simple. Don’t go to war, idiots,
how hard was that. “Yeah,” I repeated, stronger. “You’re right. And even if that’s not what
happens, that doesn’t stop it being right.” I pushed off from the railings to land on the surface
of the water, suddenly restless. “I need more shuriken. Do you need more shuriken? We
should buy shuriken.”

“I could do with restocking,” Sakura admitted, going with the subject change. “I need to be in
town anyway, my dad wanted to do something to celebrate passing the preliminaries.” She
flicked a grin at us. “I’d ask if you wanted to come, but I like you too much to inflict his
particular brand of girl’s day out on you like that.”

“The bastard can do girl’s day out,” Naruto protested.

Sakura raised an eyebrow. “Crying,” she warned. “Emotions. Lots of them. Also probably
glitter.”

“Sorry,” I said, suppressing a shudder. “I suddenly remembered a dentist appointment. Maybe
another day.”



I spent the night at Naruto’s again, this time with Urushi and Akino to keep guard while
Pakkun went to check in with Kakashi. Bull as well - I don’t know if he’d spent the whole
day at the flat or if he’d been elsewhere, but he lifted his head from his paws and gave a
heavy thump of his tail in welcome when we got back. Like the previous night he stayed in
the living room, the only room really with enough space for him to stretch out in. Akino took
what looked like a strictly timed patrol, sitting on alert by the window and prowling to check
the door and other rooms at regular intervals, and Urushi took the foot of the bed and settled
into a watchful doze.

He’d snuffled hopefully at dinner. I hadn’t fed him any, because I wasn’t quite willing to
blatantly go against Pakkun’s orders, but if I’d been that tiny bit kack-handed when boxing
up the leftovers and some had spilled over and ended up in reach… I mean. I had a bad arm,
you couldn’t expect me to be perfect all the time.

Pakkun swapped with Akino some time during the night, and though he still didn’t have any
update for us on Kakashi, he did lead us back to our training ground at the usual time the next
morning for practice and spars. The practices he set us to doing were familiar from when he'd
been left in charge of us in Wave, right down to the break for a game of fetch - the only
change he made was to adapt the exercises for me to take my arm into account.

Try and adapt. The three of us shared a glance; as much as we appreciated him, designing
training exercises wasn’t his strong suit. In fact, I was pretty sure these ones weren’t just
similar to the ones Kakashi had set out for us in Wave, they were exactly the ones Kakashi
had set out for us in Wave, and the problems they’d been meant to help us with just weren’t
problems anymore. In theory reviewing the basics was always helpful, but in reality…

Well, at least it wasn’t a long term solution, which hopefully meant that Kakashi would be
coming back soon.

Late morning we were set to a light jog around the village, following Pakkun to set the pace.
The slow pace. The dawdling, snails-are-disappearing-over-the-horizon pace. In the race of
the tortoise and the hare, we were the paint on the starting line. My rib had only been a little
cracked, and even that had mostly healed, but I didn’t think Pakkun had even known about it
so he couldn’t have been forcing everyone to crawl on my behalf.

Urushi was trotting.

The only upside of the whole experience was that the route took us past the onsen, and, more
importantly, past the white-haired lech just outside the onsen, bent double to peer through his
spyhole and giggling like a perverted hyena.

Jiraiya, you fuckwit. I only have one arm. You were meant to deal with it two days ago, you
piece of mouldy cheese.

“Shannaro?” I muttered to Sakura, slowing out of my jog and shooting Jiraiya a dirty glare.
She wouldn't know it was for his lateness in seal fixing, but I would, and in all honesty the
giggle and the spying was reason enough for him to be flattened.

“Shannaro,” she agreed with a flat look of disgust. “One moment, Pakkun.” He obligingly
halted for her, hanging back expectantly enough that I shot him a curious look. I shook it off
though and turned back to Sakura; she’d said shannaro but she’d decided against a full on
charge and Naruto and I fell in step behind her as she stalked up to the onsen.

“Oho,” Jiraiya greeted - god, did people actually say that outside books? - “What’s this? A
fan? A beautiful young flower, taken in by the visage of greatness -”

“Are you aware that those are the kunoichi baths?” she said, cutting across him with a
combative glave.

“Am I aware?” he repeated, puffing himself up. “Why do you think I'm here? The question
is, are you aware of who’s outside the kunoichi baths,” he started pushing his sleeves up and
flexing his fingers overdramatically for a jutsu, and despite his almost comical act all three of
us stepped back in alarm, “and what invaluable information I might be gathering there, I,
Jiraiya of the Sannin -” he finished his last hand seal with a flourish and slammed his palm
down on the ground “- the Great Toad Sage!”

The toad that appeared was easily as large as a building, dwarfing over the fence to the onsen.
It flicked its eyes down to us as soon as it appeared, cheeks already bulging, and spat what I
assume was a bullet of toad oil directly at Sakura. She dodged - we all dodged, scrambling to
a safer distance, and it was only that the sannin were so well known as heroes and the fact
that the oil bullet wasn’t followed up with another attack that stopped us from responding.
We dropped into a defensive formation anyway, Urushi and Akino flanking us either side.
Pakkun just rolled his eyes and lay down on the path.

“What,” I said, staring wide eyed, “the fuck.”

Jiraiya grinned in a way that was probably meant to be roguish and put his hands on his hips.
“And that’s just one of my awesome techniques! I’d show you more, but I have important
research to do - far too important for three measly gennin to interrupt!” He held the pose for
another second, then nodded in satisfaction and dismissed his toad. If it was at all insulted by
being summoned to flex on a trio of genin and their dogs, it didn’t show it, and once the
smoke dispersed Jiraiya went straight back to his perving with a demented muttering.

Collectively, we blinked.

“Did he have a genjutsu running?” Sakura asked. “I can’t believe no one from the onsen
heard that.”

“Um.” I shook my head and tried to refocus. “If he did, it wasn’t aimed at us.” I relied almost
exclusively on visual cues and inconsistencies to detect genjutsu and henges, which was great
on the one hand as very few ninja were good enough that I didn’t spot them, but didn’t help
much if I couldn’t see the genjutsu I was meant to be detecting. “Probably, though. Unless he
really was that caught up in impressing us, but like you said, someone would have heard.”

“He’s perving on a bathhouse,” Sakura pointed out neutrally. “That’s not a great first
impression.” She’d backed down from her earlier outrage to something much more cautious,
and I frowned at her for it. She obviously recognised his name, and somehow I suspected the
stories she’d heard emphasised the heroics of the sannin - the loyal sannin, at least - rather
than the sleaziness, but come on. Seriously?

“Not to us,” I allowed, “But he’s obviously trying to catch our interest and if you were an
idiot trying to look good in front of a teenage boy then you might think it was funny. If you
had, say, the brain of a lobotomised squid.”

“Yeah, well, you’re a girl,” Naruto said, and I looked at him in surprise. “And even if you
weren’t a girl you wouldn’t find it funny.” I didn’t have time to correct him that it was his
interest that Jiraiya was trying to catch, because he’d already settled into an indignant scowl
and was marching up to confront him.

It was kind of pathetic, really, how visibly Jiraiya perked up as soon as he approached. The
whole thing was kind of pathetic. Who was dramatic enough to announce their entrance like
they were introducing a character in a pantomime? What meagre hopes I had for Icha Icha
being well written were plummeting fast. If he cared that much about Naruto liking him, he
should’ve been there when Naruto was tiny and actually needed him. Or, you know,
introduced himself honestly instead of barking out a laugh, summoning yet another
ridiculously oversized toad - if we weren’t allowed Bull out in the village then he really
wasn’t allowed Gama-whichever and I called bullshit on the double standards - and hopping
away with a challenge thrown over his shoulder for us to catch him if we wanted him to teach
us.
I pouted in Sakura’s direction. She shrugged somewhat helplessly. “If he actually wants to
teach us,” she said, and though she didn’t explicitly gesture at Pakkun or reference the
somewhat lacklustre morning we’d had I knew she was thinking it. Pakkun was great. Almost
better than Kakashi at corralling puppies and laying down the law, but what he wasn’t was a
ninja and there was only so far his taijutsu skills could take us.

What he also wasn’t was in any way bothered by how the situation was turning out and I
fought the urge to scowl suspiciously at him and blame him for setting the whole thing up.

“That’s exactly what he wants you to think,” I told Sakura instead. “Don’t give in to his
manipulation like this. You’re better than that.”

“Maybe, but I have an exam to pass,” she said dryly, and started jogging towards where
Naruto was waiting impatiently for us.

I switched my pout to Pakkun. He blinked back at me with guileless innocence and followed
after the other two, and I grit my teeth and admitted an unwilling defeat.

“C’mon, Urushi. Apparently we’re playing fetch.”



It took. Too long. Far, far too long to finally pin Jiraiya down. Whatever else you had to say
about him, he was tricky, and we weren’t exactly tracking specialists. If we had more of the
pack maybe, but Pakkun was refusing to help in a way that suggested this was a test and
Akino preferred to keep a strict distance and circle whichever perimeter he’d decided on, a
task that kept him too occupied to stray into helping us hunt.

Urushi though was being his usual quiet self and following pretty closely at my heels. He’d
track enough to point us the right way, but he didn’t like venturing too far from us, and given
that Jiraiya’s scent trail was sporadic and froggy from riding his toad it didn’t give him a
huge amount to go on.

“Tsuki?” Naruto asked, practically growling with frustration as we hit another deadend.
Sakura pulled a face.

“Tsuki,” she agreed, already running through the hand seals. Given that the previous deadend
had been a restaurant where Jiraiya had apparently told them we’d be paying the bill, she was
pissed. Naruto was pissed. We were all pissed. I’d paid it, because the poor waitress looked
mortified and it wasn’t her fault, but my interest rates were higher than a yakuza loan and if
Jiraiya couldn’t afford them I’d happily take his left kidney as collateral.

“Tsuki is here!” Tsuki announced, diving into a one-shoulder roll as soon as she appeared and
coming up crouched in front of Sakura’s ankles. “Where are the enemies? Who are the
enemies? Did they already run? Run, cowards, run!”

“Oh, they ran alright,” Sakura told her grimly. “We’re tracking an old man who summons
toads, Tsuki-chan. If Urushi shows you where we last had his trail can you help us find him?”
Her attention shifted to Urushi, and he took a couple of steps forwards and wagged his tail in
greeting.

She sneezed at him.

“You smell of person,” she accused, then wagged her own tail back and danced round him in
hello. “Where’s the trail? Tsuki can find the coward man.”

“Coward man,” I repeated, unable to stop myself grinning. It probably wasn’t fair to him and
his reasons for abandoning Naruto were probably more complicated than that, but honestly?
Everyone had a tragic backstory. We were ninjas. Jiraiya needed to grow the fuck up and
until he did, he was the coward man, and no one could convince me otherwise. “You have the
best names for people, Tsuki.”

“Of course I do,” she said. “I’m the best.”

Still though: even with Tsuki haring off in every direction and only pausing to snap playfully
at Akino’s tail, it was mid afternoon before we managed to corner Jiraiya. He’d ditched
whichever Gama variant he’d summoned and was lying on the ground at the edge of the
forest, his scroll propped up against a nearby fallen log and his entire demeanor suggesting a
lazy lack of concern for any of the world’s problems.

We landed in front of him, making no effort to be quiet, and scowled when he didn’t even
look at us.

“Coward man,” Tsuki announced, looking up at Sakura proudly. “Are you going to fight him?
Should I hide again?”

He spluttered his way to an indignant sitting position. “Coward man? Were none of you
listening to my introduction earlier? I am the great -”

“Pervy-coward-sage,” Naruto finished for him, crossing his arms. “We found you. Now train
us.”

“Pushy,” Jiraiya accused. “What makes you think I want to train you anyway?”

I barely refrained from rolling my eyes. “Oh please,” I mumbled to myself. Even without
knowing his connection to Naruto he was completely see through; the setup at the onsen, the
trail of breadcrumbs just easy enough for us to follow but hard enough to qualify as a
challenge - I might not think much of him, but the man was Konoha’s spymaster. If he
wanted to lose three genin and a puppy then he’d’ve lost us, I wasn’t kidding myself about
that - the way his body language was angled directly towards us even as he pretended to be
huffy and turn away. He wasn’t fooling anyone.

Apparently though he also wasn’t as focussed on Naruto as I’d thought, and he narrowed in
on my statement with an intensity that was entirely uncalled for.

“So!” he declared, gesturing so expansively at me that Urushi’s hackles raised in warning.
“You think you’re such a catch that anyone would want to train you, is that it? I can see it
now -” he moved his hands until his forefingers and thumbs were forming a rectangle and
closed one eye to look through it, as though framing me for a photo “- the clan heir, arrogant
and dismissive but beneath all his brooding is a lonely heart just waiting to be melted; the
plucky underdog -” he shifted his frame to Naruto “- who never gives up and never lets life
get him down, an inspiration to all who know him; and caught between them -” now to
Sakura, and he faltered a bit at her unimpressed everything but rallied well enough to finish
his spiel “- the beautiful princess, caring and sweet, her heart torn between the two teammates
vying for her affection -”

“No,” Sakura interrupted flatly.

“So afraid of losing them that she’d rather deny her love and chose neither -”

“Absolutely not.”

“Puppy’s not an underdog,” Tsuki added helpfully. “He’s a fox. Sakura-bitch is a dog, but
she’s top bitch, not under bitch. And Kitten’s not lonely, he’s got pack.”

“She’s got pack,” Sakura corrected with an apologetic glance at me, but I waved her off.
There hadn’t exactly been time to fill Tsuki in on the change.

“She’s got pack,” Tsuki repeated without missing a beat, then paused and wrinkled her nose.
“Wait. If Kitten’s going to be a queen when she grows up, does that make her a princess
now?”

I choked. So did Jiraiya, and I hurriedly un-choked because I didn’t want to have anything in
common with him, but seriously? How the frick did Tsuki know that female cats were called
queens. She didn’t even know that baby foxes were kits, this was an unfair distribution of
knowledge. And, from the way her tongue lolled out in a self-satisfied doggy laugh, she was
teasing on purpose and no matter how small and fluffy she was she was going to get it next
time we trained together.

“Other than that,” Naruto said, bringing the focus back to him and giving Jiraiya an annoyed
version of Iruka’s disappointed stare, “you got just about everything wrong.”

“Just about?” Jiraiya repeated weakly, taken aback.

“Sakura’s beautiful. Everything else, no.”

“And caring and sweet, I said she was caring and sweet - listen, you can’t imply a lady’s not
sweet, they hate that -”

“I’m not a lady,” Sakura said. “I’m top bitch. I also punch people in the face with chainsaws.”
She smiled, a too-sharp thin lipped smile that conveyed a lot of threat and very little care or
sweetness. “Sasuke-chan thinks you set up your entrance on purpose to make yourself look
good. Did you?”

He spluttered, half-turned to Naruto, then clearly thought better of it and changed tacks.
“Sasuke-chan, is it? A princess kitten, now that’s -”
“- A shit way to try and regain control of the conversation,” I finished for him. “Also liable to
make Naruto hate you. Reconsider.”

Alas, he did not. “Never fear, Sasuke-chan!” he declared, favouring the three of us with a
beaming grin. “A double kunoichi team, such a rarity must be nurtured - cherished!”

“You aren’t Sakura, you aren’t allowed to call me Sasuke-chan.”

“Naruto, my boy, there’s so much to teach you - and your darling teammates of course - but I
have so many things to tell you about dealing with himes -”

“You aren’t Naruto, you aren’t allowed to call me Hime.”

He paused at that, squinting between me and Naruto. I lifted my chin and glared back, and
Naruto nodded in stern agreement, staring Jiraiya down in a way that left no room for
argument.

“Huh,” he said. “I could make a book of this.”

“Try it and die, coward man,” Sakura said pleasantly, and Naruto let a fang show at the edge
of his grin.

Coward man. Tsuki, your sins were forgiven. Jiraiya, the great toad sage, the last remaining
loyal sannin even if he spent more time out of Konoha than in it, forever known as the
coward man because a ploy to catch his godson’s interest backfired on him. Was Tsuki as
clueless as she pretended to be about names, was she actually a little shit who was doing it on
purpose - don’t know, don’t care, Tsuki got gold stars and a free pass from me.

Coward man.



“You’re not serious,” I said, staring at them. Sakura shifted guiltily in her seat, but neither of
them denied it. “You are. You’re - with Jiraiya?”

“We need a teacher,” she said, pushing the noodles round her ramen instead of eating it.
“Whatever else he is, he’s competent.”

“We have a teacher.”

“We need a teacher that’s here,” she amended. “Pakkun agrees.”

“Pakkun doesn’t,” I huffed. “Pakkun’s just pretending to be ok with Jiraiya to stop Tsuki
trying to attack him for not being pack. Which, by the way, why are we stopping Tsuki trying
to attack him. It’s hilarious.”

“Tsuki can attack anyone,” Tsuki chimed in from her position on the floor. “Kitten, we should
scout his weaknesses so Sakura-bitch and Puppy can kill him.”
“No,” Sakura said, again, and Tsuki yawned and stretched back out in an obedient sprawl.
But the sort of obedient sprawl that said if Sakura changed her mind she’d be there, just let
her know, she had teeth and she was good at hiding in bushes when she was told, she could
totally take the coward man if we wanted her to.

I turned back to my bowl with a less obedient scowl. We hadn’t been able to go to Ichiraku
for dinner yesterday because Sakura was with her dad, or the day before that because she’d
been in hospital, so technically this was our celebration for surviving the second stage of the
exam. Too much really had happened since then for it to feel like it, and the topic of
conversation was revolving squarely around whether we should accept Jiraiya as interim
sensei or not.

Sakura was in favour. After the run around he’d given us earlier, Jiraiya had actually settled
and seemed to take his assumed role seriously, putting Naruto and Sakura to sparring with
each other so he could get a feel for their abilities while he checked over my seal. He had
some suggestions for how she could augment her punches that sounded cribbed off Tsunade,
and ideas for seal adjustments on her gloves that had made even me perk up at the
possibilities.

“You’ve the control for it,” he’d told her, almost offhandedly. “Course, there’s more than just
control to being a true seal master. You need panache. Flair! A creative mind, the ability to
think in concentric spirals and leave behind the petty constraints of reality. Anyone with
decent control can copy out storage scrolls but mastery? It’s an art, and unless you have the
spark then all my genius would be wasted on you.”

All his genius. Right. Because his genius involved trying to rework someone else’s strength
techniques and force Sakura into the same mold instead of looking at what Sakura actually
did for herself. From what Jiraiya described, Tsunade’s strength sounded heavily chakra
based; it relied on focussing the full force of a punch down to a precisely controlled chakra
barrier that pulsed out from the knuckles just before impact. The combination of the added
speed from the pulse and the change in texture from somewhat-malleable fist to
incompressible chakra was what gave the punch the inhuman force needed to shatter
mountains, and if that was how Tsunade did it then it was no wonder she needed perfect
control to pull it off.

Sakura didn’t fight like that. She put her chakra into her muscles rather than in a layer over
her skin; it was both more instinctive and more versatile than using a chakra barrier, even
though in theory it was more limited by how much force her muscles could withstand before
blowing apart. In theory. In reality Kakashi had been working on building up her entire body
strength to a level where that didn’t happen, and really, how often did you need to shatter a
mountain anyway.

Still though. Sakura was in favour. She was considering seals with a dogged determination
and she didn’t seem to mind that Jiraiya’s instructions for chakra-strength were somewhat
patchy. The fact that he was a sannin and willing to invest in her seemed to outweigh the fact
that he was a pervy coward man in her books.

“We don’t have to like him to benefit from what he can teach us,” she pressed when I made
no move to give in.
“That’s not the point,” I muttered, turning to my other side where Naruto had been quiet up
till then. “He’s flaky and unreliable and it doesn’t matter if he’s good at teaching. He’s not
our sensei.”

Naruto shrugged. “We won’t rely on him,” he said easily, and I made a brief noise of triumph.
“He’s just teaching us, that doesn’t make him team.”

The triumph died. “No he's not. Kakashi’s teaching us,” I insisted. “Because Kakashi’s our
sensei. We’re Kakashi’s kids.”

“Kakashi’s not here.”

“Ok, so he’s not teaching us right now, but that doesn’t change anything.” I ran an agitated
hand through my hair - still my only working one; Jiraiya had frowned down at my seal and
tried a couple of things that resulted in him explaining absolutely nothing and saying he’d
look at it again in the morning for me. “He’s busy. We’re not abandoning him for being busy,
that’s bullshit.”

“We’re not abandoning him,” Sakura said. “We’re just working to a time limit with the exams
and everything, and we don’t know how long he’ll be busy for.”

And everything. The war. Did she really think we needed Jiraiya for protection, was that the
problem? Kakashi wouldn’t leave us vulnerable. We had the dogs, he was keeping an eye on
us, it was fine.

“If it’s not abandoning then it’s insubordination,” I tried, switching to a different tack. “Who
just swaps their teacher out for a different one?”

“People whose teachers don’t teach them?” Naruto offered, and I glared at him.

“It’s not that uncommon,” Sakura said. “I mean, not usually for genin, but teams switch up a
lot when they start nearing chunin.”

I shifted my glare to her, but she didn’t back down, just met my stare with stubborn
practicality. If she wasn’t talking about leaving Kakashi, her practicality would make more
sense. Jounin did get pulled to missions sometimes, and finding temporary teachers - or
working with other teams’ senseis as we’d done with Asuma in the past - was a logical
solution and a way to build on Konoha’s legendary teamwork. Plus, she was right that the
exams put more pressure on her and Naruto to get stronger quicker, and we’d already agreed
that Pakkun wasn’t the best at bipedal taijutsu.

But she was talking about leaving Kakashi. Therefore her practicality didn’t count.

“Fine,” I said. “You and Naruto make chunin and go with Jiraiya. I’ll stay with Kakashi.”

“We’re not splitting up,” Naruto countered immediately, shifting in his seat to face us more
fully.

“Then we’ll all stay with Kakashi. Because that’s what teams do.”
He frowned, and I was aware that I sounded like a broken record, but I genuinely didn’t get
how they could propose something so blatantly wrong and not see it. On the edge of my
peripheral vision I could see Tsuki shifting agitatedly at Sakura’s feet and glancing at the
other dogs to check everything was still ok, but I didn’t wait for their reactions because
Naruto was speaking again.

“Kakashi’s not team,” he said. My mind blanked.

“What.”

“That’s a bit harsh,” Sakura said, and even without looking at her I could hear from her voice
that she didn’t fully disagree with him.

“What.”

Naruto lifted his chin, brows lowering. He still looked calm, no trace of anger or bitterness,
but he also looked certain, and I didn’t understand. “He’s not,” he said. “Not like you and
Sakura-chan are.”

“In what universe does that make sense,” I asked. “He’s our sensei. Without him there
wouldn’t be a team. Team seven is Team Kakashi by definition how the fuck -”

“That’s not what I mean,” he interrupted. “He’s our sensei and we’re on a team with him, but
just because he’s on the team doesn’t make him team. As in, pack team. You know what I
mean.” He shook his head, annoyed at the words not lining up the way he wanted them to.
“You don’t rely on someone just because they’re a teacher and you’re meant to,” he amended,
starting again. “You rely on someone because you trust them.”

“And you don’t trust Kakashi,” I finished for him. “But you’re willing to trust Jiraiya?”

“I’m willing to learn from Jiraiya because we need to be stronger and he can help us. I never
said he’d be team either.” He grinned, turning back to his ramen as though he’d solved
everything. “We’re bananas, aren’t we? We three stick together, that’s all that matters.”

I opened my mouth. Closed it. Opened it again then growled in frustration and closed it. “I
am not abandoning Kakashi,” I finally said, ignoring Tsuki’s quiet aside of what’s bananas?
to Urushi.

“No one’s asking you to,” Sakura promised. “We’re just doing some other training while he’s
busy, that’s all.”

Yeah, and apparently not considering him team enough to be a banana while we were at it. I
tried to think back to see if I could find a reason for Naruto's lack of trust, but the only thing I
could think of was that being betrayed by Mizuki before he’d graduated had fucked up his
world view. Kakashi wasn’t the best teacher but he was Kakashi. He’d do anything for us
because we were his kids, and if we just turned around and left him because his anything
wasn’t good enough? No. You didn’t do that. That’s not how it worked.
  I looked down at the dogs instead of answering, glancing over Tsuki’s confused concern and
  landing on Pakkun instead. It was almost a surprise to realise that he was still there and I felt
  suddenly guilty for thinking earlier that he’d set up the meeting at the onsen. He’d been quiet
  since, happy to step back as Sakura led the chase to track Jiraiya down and Jiraiya led the
  training session for the afternoon, and he’d not said a word during the whole discussion about
  leaving Kakashi behind. I almost wanted to ask him why he hadn’t spoken up except that it
  was probably awkward as hell for him to even consider intervening. What could he say?
  What would he say to Kakashi?

  He looked up at me, holding my gaze for a long second, then whuffed and turned away.



Chapter End Notes



    Tsuki: Not-pack? Kill it
    Sakura: No
    Sasuke: Wait, she might have a point
                    Chapter 33: Chunin exam arc, part two: VIII
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Despite my misgivings, we met up with Jiraiya again the following day. I was honestly
   surprised to see him and grudgingly gave him props for making the effort. Not that he did a
   huge amount with his effort; the training exercise he’d decided on allowed him to lean back
   on his elbows and relax while Sakura used chakra to pelt Naruto with water balloons. Naruto
   had a single senbon, a supposedly important scroll rolled out on the ground that wasn’t
   allowed to get wet, and an instruction not to touch the balloon with any part of his body or
   clothing. In theory he was training his control by using the senbon to deflect the balloons
   away without breaking them; in reality he was getting soaked.

   “Are you trying to wind him up?” I asked as the latest balloon burst in a shower of purple ink
   that clashed horribly with his hair.

   “Maybe I am,” Jiraiya answered, grinning broadly as he watched. “What’s the point of life if
   you can’t have a little fun with it?”

   I shot him a disbelieving look. “This isn’t a game. Maybe you don’t care about him, but -”

   “Oi oi, who said I didn’t care?” He affected a wounded expression, going so far as to lift a
   hand to his chest in mockery of an aching heart. “Guys don’t show their love with flowers
   and kisses, you know. There’s a subtlety to it. The contrast between a rough exterior and a
   heart of gold, that’s the sweet spot.”

   “That’s an excuse for an abusive relationship,” I said flatly. “You’ve known him for a day.
   You don’t care.” Alternatively: you’ve known him all his life and not bothered to show up,
   you still don’t care. “Why are you even here if you’re not going to train them properly?”

   He raised an eyebrow, switching his amused grin to me. “Easy, little hime,” he said, ignoring
   my annoyed look at the nickname. “There’s more to growing up than just getting stronger all
   the time. Maybe I am training them properly, maybe I’m not, not everything’s straightforward
   enough to tell.”

   I scowled. The fuck did people have against straightforward. Straightforward was good. Save
   the twisty ninja plots for enemies, stop trying to use them to confuse your allies. Stupid.

   “Aren’t you meant to be looking at my arm?” I asked, changing the subject. It was still in a
   sling, and I lifted it at the shoulder to watch how it flopped uselessly against my side. “I’m
   not getting any training just sitting here.”

   “You sure? Perhaps I’m passing on my wisdom and worldly experience, precious secrets that
   will teach you the true meaning of -”

   “Coward man,” I interrupted impatiently, not caring how rude it was. “Arm.”
“Good things come to those who wait, you know.”

“Like death. Kakashi said you’d fix it.”

He tapped his chin. “Did he now? He has a lot of faith in me, it seems.”

I blinked against the sudden unease that brought. Jiraiya could fix it. Couldn’t he? All he
needed to do was take the seal off, it wasn’t like he had any reason not to help. He was a self-
centred pervert with no sense of urgency or responsibility, but he wasn’t an outright enemy.

“You know what the seal is?” he asked, turning back to me. I shook my head.

“It was meant to be applied to a jinchuuriki, but I don’t know if it’s specifically to do with
blocking a bijuu,” I said. “It makes me unable to feel my arm. Or run chakra through it.
That’s all I know.”

“That’s about all there is to it, except that you were partially right about the bijuu
connection.” He pushed himself to a sitting position and gestured, and I tugged the sling off
and used my good hand to manoeuvre the arm over to him. Thankfully it was warm enough
that I was in a sleeveless top with no arm protectors rather than my usual ensemble, and
though it did very little to hide that I was hurt it made it easy for him to see what he was
doing.

The sleeveless top was new. In theory, the shirt narrowing into a halter-neck across my
shoulders and sitting looser over my chest should give me a slightly more feminine figure,
which was still a stupid thing to be hung up about, but apparently still something I was hung
up about, so. The shirt - and my mum’s flower pins, which I’d started wearing in my hair -
were at least subtle enough that I didn’t feel nervous in them, and as ridiculous as it was to
feel daunted by the hakama I was secretly relieved that it was too impractical to train in. I
could handle it. Obviously I could handle it, it was just clothes. I just, also, was making a lot
of changes, and some of them were a bit big, and maybe some days I didn’t want to.

But: arm. Seal. Jiraiya frowned as he held his hand over it, fingers splayed to match the five
dots of the circle-shaped pattern. “It’s not a block,” he said. “If it was a block, it would form a
solid line. These gaps, they mean that it’s a filter; it lets through the host’s chakra while the
bijuu’s chakra is caught in the seal and trapped there.”

“I don’t have any bijuu chakra though,” I said, probably redundantly. “I’m pretty sure I
would’ve noticed.”

“You don’t,” he confirmed. “You don’t have any chakra except for your own, I checked -” I
suppressed a twitch at that. Not that I had anyone else’s chakra to hide, but if he’d been
looking that closely then he’d’ve seen far more of my skill set and weaknesses than I wanted
to advertise. Also, what the fuck, don’t look at people’s chakra like that without asking. A
request to remove my seal is not blanket permission to nosy, go away. “- So there shouldn’t
be anything for the seal to anchor itself to and filter out.”

“Cool,” I said shortly. “Fascinating. Can you be curious about it another time and just get rid
of it for now, please.”
He hummed. It was a less than positive sign. “Not until I know why your chakra doesn’t
recognise itself.”

The unease came back, and I resolutely pushed it down and ignored it. “Ok. Um, how long
will that take?”

He sat back, looking at me in a way that was not pitying or I’d set it on fire, but verged far
too far into sympathetic to ever be comfortable. My skin crawled. “Some things can’t be
rushed,” he said, which meant that he didn’t know and there was no point to my even being
here. “Seals are dangerous at the best of -”

“I was born with fire chakra,” I blurted, “But shit happened and now it’s water. Would that do
it.”

“It might,” he hedged, tilting his head and eyeing me curiously. I refused to explain any
further. He probably didn’t need me to; people’s elemental natures didn’t exactly change
because life went well for them. “Then again, using fire and water as the base to unlock the
seal might leave you permanently disabled.”

He didn’t know. He didn’t know. “Unlike the temporarily disabled I am now, you mean.” I
took my arm back, rolling to my feet in agitation and not stopping to collect the sling from
the floor. Naruto and Sakura were still practicing with water balloons; Naruto was gaudishly
multicoloured and steaming slightly as he used his own fire to dry off. Kyuubi’s fire.
Whichever. “Except if you’re not going to risk doing anything then it may as well be
permanent now. Thanks. Brilliant deduction, can see why you’re Konoha’s brightest and
best.” He didn’t draw back at my insult and the sudden thought that he was humouring me, as
though I was just lashing out at bad news and needed to be given space to come to terms with
it - I couldn’t. Fucking - I scowled, fighting to get a grip on my temper. I wasn’t doing that
anymore. I was being better, damnit.

Maybe I did need space to come to terms with it.

“Ok,” I said as levelly as I could. “Ok. Fine. I’m going to -” I cast around, trying to find
something useful I could do, but the idea of actually training one-handed felt too much like
accepting that the seal was unfixable. I might have to, at some point, I knew that, and
ignoring it in the hopes it would magically go away was beyond stupid, except just then I
couldn’t do it.

Who would leave the village’s last sharingan with someone who couldn’t make hand seals?

“Ice cream,” I finished hollowly. “C’mon, Urushi. We’re going to get ice cream.”

Jiraiya didn’t stop me, but I heard the other two halt their exercise. “Bastard, wait -”

My eye twitched. “I’m fine. It’ll be fine. In town, surrounded by people, with dog. Dogs. You
can’t skive, you have an exam to pass.”

“Bastard,” Naruto said again, much closer, and I heard Jiraiya mumbling to himself that he’d
need to teach him to recognise when a girl was going to slap him. I shook my head, a weirdly
overwhelming mix of irritation and despair flaring up. I reached out with kawarimi, no
particular destination other than away, and switched. I arrived too close to a wall, with Urushi
stumbling his way out the kawarimi with me and tangling round my feet, and I had to fling an
awkward hand out to catch myself and not trip over him.

“Slap him,” I mumbled, distractedly checking my palm. Scraped, little bit of blood,
ignorable. “Slap him.” As though kunoichi weren’t taught to disembowel people at exactly
the same age as everyone else, why was I trying so damn hard to be a girl if it made people
think of me like Jiraiya did? What the hell was I meant to do to fix it?

“Why am I trying at all?” I asked no one in particular, feeling behind me for the wall and
sliding down against it until I was huddled on the floor. “I can’t do this. I couldn’t even make
the gremlins see that sexy no jutsu was wrong, how the fuck do I deal with Jiraiya? I can’t. I
shouldn’t. It’s not my problem, I don’t - I wish he wasn’t there.” I waited for the anger, but it
didn’t come. Maybe if I kept talking. “I shouldn’t have told them I was a girl. I shouldn’t
have told Naruto I was scared. I shouldn’t - I should’ve stayed as I was before, when no one
liked me and it was easy and I was going to -”

I bit the words off, blinking and trying desperately to register where I was and who was in
earshot. A side street and no one, luckily; I wasn’t good with secrets but my plan to leave was
a secret about Itachi and therefore too important to blurt out because I was feeling daunted.
Daunted, and still not angry, and I suddenly missed the clarity being furious gave me.

Urushi whined at my side, nosing up against my shoulder. I dropped my hand on his head and
held it there, a mimicry of what Kakashi sometimes did to me.

“I can’t afford to lose an arm,” I told him. “He has to fix it. Kakashi won’t let him not.”

He wagged his tail, licking first my palm and then my chin and, when I turned my head and
sputtered, my cheek and the edge of my ear.

“Ok. Ok, ok! Stop, you’re all - ack. Ice cream. We’re getting ice cream. Seals will be there
later, ice cream waits for no man.”



It didn’t occur to me until after I’d exited the side street and rejoined the crowd that I’d done
something risky. As loyal as Urushi was, he was one dog, and the whole point of being in
town was that I’d be surrounded by other ninja in case Orochimaru came back. Deserted back
alleys didn’t exactly fit the description.

It was just so much to try and keep my head wrapped around. I had to be aware of
Orochimaru; I had to be aware that war was looming, even if Konoha was trying to pretend it
wasn’t; I had to be aware that I was guarding Itachi’s secrets; I had to be aware that Danzo
was an unknown threat who may or may not attack. On top of that I was struggling to come
to grips with the fact that I was now allowed to be a girl in a way I never was before, but also
that it wasn’t the one size fixes all solution I’d expected it to be and there were still issues
that took time to work through. I was trying to be more of a person than a defensive wreck, I
was dealing with the terrifying possibility that my arm would never work again, Naruto was
being scouted by a teacher that wanted to steal him - and possibly Sakura - away for a multi-
year training trip, and as much as I was confident that Kakashi was still somewhere he wasn’t
where I wanted him to be and I missed him.

It was too much.

My feet carried me to the Suna compound without my permission, and I was scaling up a
nearby building to look over the wall before I realised where I was.

“Stop,” I muttered, shaking my head. War, dingus. Suna may or may not be on the other side
of it. What was I doing.

“Uchiha!” someone yelled, and I froze as I looked up, suddenly feeling like I was caught
where I wasn’t meant to be. “The fuck are you doing up there? Do you ever stop being
weird?”

“Karin?” I asked incredulously, blinking down at her. “Why are you in the Suna compound?”

She landed on the top of the wall with a casual ease that had to be deliberate, hands on her
hips and glaring at me. “I live here,” she snarked. “Your village kicked my teammates out
because they didn’t pass, I didn’t fancy staying by myself in the middle of nowhere, the
Kazekage offered me a place. It was a whole thing.” Even as surprised as I was to see her, I
was still able to read between the lines: Konoha didn’t want foreign genin in the village at the
moment, but as she was still in the exams they couldn’t easily get rid of her. Collecting loose
ends together and leaving her with a trusted ally somewhere that was already being guarded
was an obvious solution, and I wouldn’t be surprised if the Rain genin that had passed had
also been swept into the same compound.

The only question left was whether it’d been entirely Konoha’s decision or whether the
Kazekage had wanted her close for whatever reason. It depended, I guessed, on whether the
Kazekage was being an ally or not, and though I was hopeful that he was I still had no
concrete way to know.

“None of that explains why you’re hanging from a drainpipe,” she continued. “Spill.”

I frowned, returning her glare with one of my own. “I’m not hanging from a drainpipe. And
no. It’s secret.”

“You’re absolutely shit at seduction,” she accused. “Why the fuck did they decide to use you
to win people over, you suck.”

“I - what?”

She held up a hand, miming counting on her fingers. “First you nearly kill me and make my
teammates hate me for losing the scroll. Then you fight like a bitch who won’t actually face
me and insult me as you do it. Then you forfeit, what the hell. Then you walk away and don’t
want to talk to me, and then you completely forget I exist and abandon me in the stands to go
fuss over your teammate instead.” She ran out of fingers and waved to underline her final
point. “And now you come back, I assume to apologise and grovel and start schmoozing
again, and you don’t even smile when you see me. You’re giving mixed messages here,
Konoha. A girl could feel unwanted.”

“Apologise and grovel,” I repeated in disbelief. “Do you have so much chakra it fried your
brain, I’m not schmoozing. And I didn’t nearly kill you! I threatened to, and I didn’t know I
was threatening you I thought you were just some random person with a scroll!”

“See, that right there. You talk like I’m important and powerful so I’m meant to like you
because you flatter me, then you act like a dick and blow it. You suck.”

“I - no. The fuck. I’m not even here for you.” I deliberately looked down to where Urushi
was waiting and dropped to the floor next to him, brushing my hand over his ear to say sorry
for forgetting he couldn’t climb.

“You’re not?” Karin repeated, sounding suddenly a lot less sure of herself. She rallied
though, and crossed her arms with a glower. “Of course you’re not, you’re incompetent. Who
were you here for then?”

“Incomp - I’m getting ice cream! The hell are you being so aggressive for, I literally did
nothing to deserve this.” She opened her mouth to contradict that and I scowled,
backtracking. “Today. I did nothing today. The other stuff doesn’t count, I didn’t know you
were family then.”

“You keep saying that, but you don’t look anything like me,” she pointed out. She didn’t give
me chance to correct her though and just rolled her eyes - completely over the top, obviously
exaggerated, zero points for believability - and stepped off the wall to land in front of me,
already walking towards the marketplace. “Fine. You buy me ice cream, I’ll accept your
apology, I know words are hard for you.”

“Convenient, since apparently listening is beyond you,” I retorted, catching up. Her shoulders
might have relaxed a fraction when she noticed I was following, I might have been too
annoyed to pay attention to it, who knew. “What part of not even here for you went over your
head? I wanted Gaara.”

“The redhead lunatic with the murder-chakra? Why? He’s a lunatic and he has murder-
chakra.” She squinted at me suspiciously. “Are you trying to recruit him as well?”

There were too many things wrong with that sentence. “He’s not a lunatic,” I said. “And the
murder-chakra’s fine, stop being so sensitive.”

“Oh, sure, because that’s a thing I can just turn off -”

“And,” I continued, talking over her. “I’m not recruiting anyone, so you can stop getting
uppity about it because it is not, will not, and I promise you never has been happening.” She
snorted. I gave her a pinched look. It may have been harassed. I was feeling harassed. “Also,
go back to the compound. You’re not meant to be this side of the wall without a guide.”

She shrugged and made no move to leave. “Guess I’ll stick with you then,” she said, and I
made a wordless sound of frustration and glared at her.
She stuck. Bull and Akino joined us partway to the ice cream stall, Bull with a drool-laden
whuff and Akino with a sharp glare for taking off with only Urushi for company. I ducked my
head, unsure if I felt guilty for not thinking or annoyed at the fussing; the fact that Pakkun
had sent Bull said he was taking the whole thing seriously because Bull still wasn’t
technically allowed out in the village, but in daylight with other ninja hopping overhead or
walking around I honestly didn’t think there was that much danger. There had to be a
difference between being careful and subjecting yourself to voluntary house arrest, and going
to the fecking market was not exactly a high risk mission.

Attempting to buy Karin an ice cream though, that was a different matter.

“Chocolate,” she insisted.

“Chocolate is shit,” I countered with infallible logic. “It’s just brown and sweet. You need a
sharper flavour to cut through all the sugar and cream, otherwise it doesn’t taste of anything.”

“Chocolate,” she repeated, unmoving.

“Pick a fruit,” I said, also unmoving.

“Um,” the girl behind the counter said. “Chocolate is made of beans, if that counts? It’s good,
I promise. It’s got chocolate chips in it, it’s not just brown and sweet.”

Karin turned to me with smug triumph. “Listen to the lady,” she said. “Screw your fruit.
Chocolate.”

“Uncultured heathen. Fine. Have the shit ice cream, you’re only hurting yourself.” And, to
prove a point, I ignored the matcha one I was going to get and went instead for a similar
shade of green that turned out to be kiwi. Interesting choice for ice cream. Still infinitely
better than chocolate.

We retreated to one of the small parks that dotted the village, this one along the river with
several benches that we both ignored in favour of the grass. Bull provided the backrest,
because Bull was lovely like that, Akino once again set himself to patrolling the perimeter,
and Urushi took position by my knee where he was the perfect height to steal a lick of the ice
cream that dribbled down the side of my cone.

Karin pulled a face. “That’s disgusting,” she complained. “Do you know how many diseases
animals can have in their mouths?”

“No one asked you,” I huffed. “He’s not going to share yours, yours is pants. Let him have
his ice cream.”

“No. First thing I’d do if I joined your shitty village would be to make people not be idiots
about getting sick. I’m not healing people who were stupid, they can find someone else to
deal with them.”
I stuck my tongue out at her, then deliberately took a mouthful of kiwi and savoured it. She
didn’t need to know that he’d only licked the cone and I wasn’t interested in eating that bit,
that wasn’t the point.

She also didn’t need to roll her eyes and hit me in my bad arm, but I suppressed the surprised
wince as it tugged on my shoulder and swallowed my ice cream instead. “Mm. Bacteria
flavour. Delightful.”

She hit me again, deliberately, eyes narrowed as she watched for a reaction. “You’re such a
child. If this is an act to make me lower my guard I swear I’ll get up and leave, then you’ll
have to find someone else to join up and fix your problems for you.”

“I don’t have problems.” I frowned, parsing the rest of her sentence. “And I don’t act. Also
what the fuck, don’t join Konoha. Are you insane? That’s literally the worst idea.”

Not that announcing that fact out loud in a public park was ideal, but it was fine. Akino
would be on higher alert if someone was in hearing distance, and Karin needed to know.

She turned to stare at me disbelieving and I frowned harder. “Literally the worst,” I repeated.
“Why would you even suggest it.”

“Because you’ve been trying to recruit me since the preliminaries?” she said, voice rising in a
question. “Maybe since the forest? Though. Badly.”

“I told you, I didn’t -”

“Know I was family, you said. And I’m not.” She raised her eyebrows and gave me a very
obvious once over that left me stiffening with indignation. “I’ve met random civilians with
chakra that’s more like mine than yours is.”

I paused. She’d met Naruto, hadn’t she? At the match. I swear I introduced them. “You’re not
my cousin,” I said, slowly, tilting my head at her in confusion. “You’re Uzumaki. I’m
Uchiha. You’re Naruto’s cousin. The blond one with the smiles and the whiskers.” If she was
basing it on recognising people’s chakra, was the kyuubi throwing her off? I didn’t have a
way to ask without blowing that secret, though I didn’t know if her sensing would have
already told her.

“Your teammate?” she clarified. “The other one that tried to kill me for my scroll, and hates
me for breaking your arm?”

“He didn’t try to kill you, he was just there while I did. Which I still didn’t, anyway. Saying I
did doesn’t change that I was just threatening. And no, he doesn’t hate anyone, don’t be
ridiculous.”

She hummed dubiously, and I floundered. How did you go about convincing someone of the
inherent and unfailing goodness of their cousin when it was so obvious that no convincing
should be necessary? It was just. Fact. One plus one is two, Naruto is good, I didn’t know
why these things were true I just knew that they were.
“I did break your arm then,” she said, dropping the subject of family. “You didn’t deny it. Is
that what you’re after? You want me to heal it?”

I hunched protectively over it. “It’s fine,” I said defensively. Then I realised what I was doing
and straightened, annoyed at my reaction. “And would you stop trying to find an ulterior
motive? You invited yourself along. I wanted to eat my ice cream and mope about the world
being unfair.”

“With Gaara. The super powerful guy from Suna who people are saying you used some dark
Konoha mind trick to gain control of.” She snorted. “Sure, no ulterior motives there.”

“With Gaara who saved my life and is a friend, dickhead.” I took a rebellious bite of ice
cream, and regretted it as the cold made my teeth ache. “They’re really saying I’m controlling
him?”

“Do your own spying, I don’t work for Konoha yet.”

“Oh for fuck’s sake,” I hissed, surprising her as I twisted and jabbed her in the chest with a
chakra arm. It didn’t have quite the same effect as using my actual hand, but that was
occupied. “Don’t work for Konoha,” I instructed. “Konoha’s shit. Maybe Grass is also shit, I
don’t know, Konoha’s still shitter.”

She leaned back, uncertainty flickering over her face before it settled back into a belligerent
scowl. “The hell does that mean?”

“It means it’s shit, genius -”

“You’re Konoha,” she said stubbornly. “This cousin you’re so hot on is Konoha. Do you
actually want me or -”

“I,” I interrupted, as clearly as I could, “am not Konoha. For the millionth time. I’m Uchiha. I
was born in Konoha. I live here. That doesn’t make me Konoha.”

In the back of my thoughts, I felt something settle that had been uneasy for a while now. In
my mind, Konoha had always been the villain, toweringly imposing and dark, and when that
black and white world view had been challenged - it had thrown me. People who I thought
were unquestioningly loyal weren’t. Or they were, but that didn’t mean they had to agree
with everything Konoha did, or that they couldn’t see there were problems. People could be
ninja and still be nice. People could be part of something bad, and still be good.

It had felt like a betrayal, like turning my back on Itachi and throwing my lot in with the
system that killed my clan, and if I was Konoha and I was defining myself by the village then
of course it mattered when the village’s morals didn’t line up to mine. Child soldiers, casual
sexism, a class system of inequality - seeing them in an enemy is very different to seeing
them in something you identify with, but that was the thing. I didn’t have to identify with it.
The village not being all bad didn’t make the parts that were any less unforgivable. Admitting
that I’d been wrong about some things didn’t mean I was switching sides or ignoring what
they’d done.
It didn’t make me Konoha. I just lived here.

Karin was looking at me oddly, but something of my certainty must’ve come through because
she actually seemed to get it this time. Or part of it, at least. “I’m not Grass,” she said,
haltingly, as though she felt like she was going to be punished for it. “My blood heals people.
That’s all they want.”

I leaned back a fraction, relaxing. “I have a dojutsu,” I said, and didn’t need to elaborate. She
understood.

We lapsed back into silence. She finished her ice cream in absent bites because apparently her
teeth were made of steel and brain freeze was a foreign country, but it took me a while longer
before I’d got out everything I wanted from mine and passed the cone over to the dogs.
Akino wasn’t interested, and Bull sniffed it then gave a disapproving whuff, so Urushi got the
lot.

“Suna, then?” Karin said after a while. “Not Konoha and not Grass, that doesn’t exactly leave
a lot of options.”

I blinked. “I’m so pale I’m translucent,” I protested. “Are you trying to give me skin cancer?”

She waved me off. “Don’t be a baby, I can heal your sunburn. Your murder-friend’s in Suna
anyway, it makes sense.”

I checked Akino. Still no sign he’d picked up anyone in hearing range. Though, actually, how
sure was I that I wanted the dogs to overhear this conversation, my plans to abscond to Itachi
were too secret even for Kakashi to know.

Wait. How sure was I that I wanted Karin to overhear this conversation?

“I’m not looking for a new village,” I hedged. Then, to steer the topic back to safer waters, I
wrinkled my nose. “Also, ew. I thought you said your healing relied on blood?”

“You just have to bite me, it’s not bad.” She looked at me searchingly, then her face lit up.
“Unless you’re squeamish about it?”

“Do not,” I warned. “No. I’m not - squeamish? God, Karin. We’re ninja. Stop that - no,
fucking - off!”

“It’s just a bite,” she practically crooned, advancing with her forearm bared. This close I
could see the patchwork of scars, and no, there was no way in hell they were ‘just’ bites, not
if they went deep enough to leave marks like that. “Come on Uchiha, it’s only fair. I broke
your arm, I fix your arm, it’s the right thing to do.”

“My arm is perfectly fine as it - do not - ow, let go -”

“Just a little bit of blood, a little bit for the little baby.”

“Fucking psychopath, Urushi help -”
It was with a clearer head that I left Karin at the Suna compound. A clearer head, a faint scar
under my eye in place of the cut from Orochimaru, and no more dull ache in the parts of my
arm that weren’t numb. As off-putting as the entire concept of ingesting someone else’s life
force was, I couldn’t deny that it was effective.

Not out loud, of course. She was already far too pleased with herself, she didn’t need
encouragement.

But, clearer head. The arm situation still wasn’t great, though it was improved by not being
broken anymore under the seal. Jiraiya, though, with his perversion and his problematic view
of women: not my problem. I didn’t have to fix everything I saw wrong in the world, and it
was hardly any wonder that I’d felt overwhelmed that morning when I thought I had to try.

“Like Pakkun said,” I explained to Urushi as we started to make our way back to where I
assumed the others were still training. “Puppies. Trying to run too fast for our paws, or
however he put it. I’m going to survive, it’s going to be good, everyone else can go fuck
themselves.” I paused. “Ok, maybe not that last bit. That seems a bit harsh.” He titled his
head and made an enquiring noise, and I ran my fingers soothingly over his head. “I don’t
actually want them to fuck themselves,” I promised him. “I just also don’t want to die of
stress, so I’ve decided to set a limit on the number of people I care about. A VIP list. You’re
on it. So’s Kakashi.”

Urushi, Kakashi, the dogs. Team Seven. Team Ten, but not Asuma. Gaara. Karin, because she
was being stubborn about not talking to Naruto and I needed to keep an eye on her until they
worked things out. And, of course, Itachi.

Jiraiya was not.

I paused though, thinking of Gaara, and looked back over my shoulder at the compound. He
hadn’t been there, again, and I wondered if there was any truth in what Karin had said about
people suspecting me of controlling him. From the outside, the way he’d thrown the match
would have looked odd, but come on. Someone had to have noticed that there was a person
hiding under all the bloodlust. My memories of the original timeline were shakier than they
should be, but I was pretty sure that his siblings at least stood with him after Naruto talked to
him. The whole village made him the damn kage in the end, what the hell. The lack of faith
they were showing now was uncalled for.

Someone moved in the vague area of empty space I’d been resting my eyes on while I
thought, and I blinked back into awareness - and froze. From the upstairs window of the main
diplomatic building, Rasa was looking back at me, one eyebrow raised and arms crossed in a
considering pose.

I unfocussed my eyes again and let my gaze sweep past him as though I hadn’t noticed, then
turned and continued walking, not letting any of my tension show. I had no reason to be
tense. He didn’t know I was the mysterious ANBU Weasel who’d brought him back into line;
as far as he was concerned my only importance was my friendship with Gaara. Maybe my
  connection to Karin as well, if there was more to her ending up in the Suna compound than
  just logistics, but that was all.

  Still. I was glad I had the dogs, and if I managed to slip around the other side of Bull so his
  giant size hid me from view, then that was nobody’s business but mine.



Chapter End Notes



    Karin: So, when I jump ship from my village and join yours -
    Sasuke: I will fight you on this.
    Karin: Ok fine, so when we both jump ship from our villages,



    And that, my lovelies, marks the end of the chunin exam arc. Honestly I was wondering
    if I should finish the arc after the preliminaries, but the story is first and foremost a
    character story so this felt like a better place to call it. (Though potentially the chunin
    exams were two arcs, with a break between the forest and the preliminaries, but nyeh.)

    I'm going to take a minor pause to organise my thoughts for the next one, but when I do:
    war. See you then!
                                       Chapter 34: War arc: I
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Four days. Four days of no Kakashi, four days of no progress on the seal. Jiraiya had taken
   the decision to drill us all on our water walking skills, and using the faultless logic that hot
   water was harder to control than cold, he declared the onsen the perfect place to train.

   Naturally.

   How we didn’t get ourselves thrown out, I had no idea - the fact that we were in one of the
   pools with our clothes and shoes on, the fact that Jiraiya kept moseying off to ‘keep watch’,
   the fact that we were hardly quiet and respectful of the onsen atmosphere, any of them. The
   only thing I could think of was that Jiraiya was actually telling the truth and it was a standard
   thing for genin teams to use the hot water for training, but that seemed a convenient excuse at
   best.

   I grit my teeth and reminded myself that he wasn’t my problem. Sakura also seemed to be
   biting her tongue, too practical to jeopardise the training she needed, but too annoyed to treat
   it as more than a purely professional relationship. Not that Jiraiya was helping in that aspect;
   he seemed to oscillate between wanting us all to like him and treat him like an actual sensei,
   and deliberately playing the fool to push us all away. The only one he seemed remotely
   comfortable around was Naruto, and even then he spent most of his time trying to egg him on
   into losing his temper.

   But like I said. Whatever commitment issues he had, they were his issues. He could work
   through them on his own time.

   And in fairness, when he managed to pay attention and be competent, he was a good teacher.
   He couldn’t fix my seal - yet - but he could pass on just enough hints for Sakura to doggedly
   work through her own basic seals, and though the inventive aspects of it weren’t her forte, he
   seemed genuinely impressed at the rate she absorbed technical information and understood it.
   At least, the rate she absorbed information when she had it to absorb, and they didn’t seem to
   agree on how frequently that happened.

   “If I show you how I’d solve it, you’ll just turn into a not-as-good version of me,” he argued.
   “A seal’s as unique as the person who creates it, you need to find your own solution.”

   “If you show me how you’d solve it I can pull your method apart and remake it,” Sakura
   countered. “Sealing arrays are unique, but they’re made up of standard components just like
   jutsu are. What I need is a sample array so that I can find the components in it and use them
   to build my own.”

   “Or a dictionary,” I added, unable to help myself. I’d tried listening in on the lessons, but it
   had only confirmed what I already knew: the sharingan could help me decipher seals, but I
   had negative skill when it came to writing them. It was as though seals had thirty seven
different ways of representing the same concept, and though I could tell by looking at a seal
what that concept was, if I tried to go the other way I had no idea which of the thirty seven
variants I should be using or how it would link into the rest of the array. Or how I should be
shaping my chakra into it; in the same way that I’d reduced my bubble to one handseal and
my kawarimi to none, the few seals Jiraiya had demonstrated for us left a lot of details
implied by the way he wrote the seal rather than the actual content of it.

Which was great if your aim in life was to make your seals unusable by anyone else.
Absolutely pants from a dictionary building perspective. Not pants enough to stop me
stealing everything I could and giving it to Sakura in cheat-sheet format, but still pants.

“Or a dictionary,” she repeated, nodding, and Jiraiya slumped.

“It’s an art,” he said morosely. “You can’t reduce creative genius to a list of components.
Where’s the beauty in that?”

“I can make it pretty when it works,” Sakura said, with what I assumed was no intent to
follow through and Jiraiya gave a put-upon sigh and leaned over her latest attempt in
preparation to drop a cryptic clue about where she was going wrong.

It was by far his favourite teaching style. That, and survive-or-die style training, and his
insistence on throwing things at Naruto was at least improving Naruto’s reflexes and his
ability to throw them back. The order of the day today was a vile smelling oil bullet that had
made Naruto nearly gag the first time it hit him; he was allowed to use anything he liked to
block it, so long as he didn’t leave the surface of the onsen, and so long as he didn’t allow
any of the oil to fall in the water and contaminate it.

Again, how the frick was this allowed. Even if we were in one of the smaller baths with no
one else there, the onsen was still a public space; filling it with toad yuck really didn’t feel
legal. Maybe it was meant to be added motivation for Naruto not to screw up, though given
that his nose was now confirmed as more sensitive than mine and even I was struggling to
block out the smell, I didn’t think he needed it. It didn’t help that his wind jutsu tended to
scatter the oil in every direction and he was relying on rapid-fire bucket clones to try and
catch the drops before they splashed anything. Or that Jiraiya had forced him to wear a
blindfold while he did it.

On the plus side, he’d got really fast at ducking.

As for me, I was getting to grips with using my chakra arm as a replacement for my dead
one. I’d already known that it was the same basic technique that I used to reach things for
kawarimi, just with added water chakra to give it the solidity it needed to interact with the
physical world, but Jiraiya took it one step further and had me infuse the arm with actual
water as opposed to just my chakra. It needed me to be pretty close to a decent sized water
source - such as, would you look at that, what a coincidence, a heated bathing pool - and
controlling it took a whole new way of thinking, but it also gave me a massive boost in how
strong the arm was and what I could do with it.

In theory, I could shape the water into anything I wanted. It was an arm at the moment,
complete with vaguely blobby fingers, but that was just what I was used to - it could be a
dragon, whip, hail of shuriken, even just using it as a signal or a distraction now that the
water made it visible. In theory. Given the massive headache it was giving me to turn the
blobby fingers into finger-shaped fingers, I wasn’t entirely convinced it would be worth it.
Not for a battle, at least, not until I’d got a lot better at visualising the shape of it as well as
where I wanted it to go.

Four days though of training, dogs, one more failed attempt to find Gaara - this time with
Sakura and Naruto in tow and they were both disappointingly relieved when he wasn’t there -
and then, on the fifth morning, Konoha was at war.

The six Sound genin Orochimaru had sent to the chunin exams were dead. Their bodies were
found at dawn, displayed around the village and impossible to miss; one each on the Hokage
tower, the academy, the village gates. One in the civilian market, one by the hospital, one
towards the centre of the largest residential district. All dead, all with their eyes slashed, still-
drying blood dribbling down their chins - the gossip that was difficult to control at the best of
times was running rampant, and it claimed that the corpses were missing their tongues.

I didn’t know who got close enough to check that. The civilians that had discovered the
display in the market and the residential district had panicked, and a second wave of rumours
spread faster in response. The deaths are deliberate, these ones reassured them. Konoha were
the ones who killed the Sound genin. They were a warning, a statement of our strength - our
way of showing how serious we were and that we wouldn’t back down. The deaths were
good.

Too good. I didn’t say it, and neither did anyone else, but those more positive rumours felt
too much like damage control for me to believe them. Someone had killed six genin and left
them around the village as a visible and gruesome declaration of war - someone had taken the
care to ensure they’d be found by the civilians before they could be tidied away and hidden -
but as much as Konoha tried to claim credit for it, and as much as the Hokage waxed lyrical
about the Will of Fire in the speech he made later that day, it felt more in keeping with
Orochimaru’s style.

You thought you were keeping them hostage, the bodies said. You thought you had leverage
over me, you thought you had the upper hand. I could have got them back any time I wanted.

You thought your village was secure, the message went. I broke into your holding cells, I
went to your academy and your market and the street you build your houses on. The war will
be on your land, and the collateral damage will fall on you.

The Hokage’s speech was jarring. I wasn’t expecting Konoha to have the same approach to it
that I did - they were a military dictatorship, of course their views would be different - but to
me it was still a given that war was declared by the victims. You went to war because
someone had wronged you, because they were denying you your rights or because you were
backed so far into a corner you didn’t have any other way out. Or you went to war to defend
someone, or liberate someone, or because your people were desperate and you needed to feed
someone, any number of reasons that could make war seem like the best option of what you
had left.
I knew that wasn’t all of it. I wasn’t naive. I knew that war was as much about profits and
polling statistics as anything else, but still: no one ever thinks of themselves as the aggressor.
In your own mind, you’re a hero, and the most contested and unpopular wars were the ones
that blurred that line and made it harder for people to justify themselves as right.

In that mindset, Orochimaru’s brutal murdering of his own genin - and the very obvious
threat in the way he’d chosen to leave their bodies on display - was the perfect rallying point.
What better way to keep the population behind you than to be the only thing standing
between them and a remorseless killer? Orochimaru had handed Konoha all the justification
they needed on a shiny silver platter, all Konoha had to do was play on the fear people felt in
response and use it to keep them controlled.

Except, ninja. The Hokage didn’t need the population’s support, and even if he did he
wouldn’t get it by being a victim. Plus, remorseless killers were everywhere. It was hardly
novel.

“We will not be merciful,” he promised, and the crowd stood straighter in response. “Our
leaders will not hesitate and our ninja will not fail. We are the strongest of the hidden villages
and if Orochimaru has fallen so far to have forgotten what it means that we fight with the
Will of Fire in our hearts -” his voice had risen as he spoke, ringing out over the square in
front of the Hokage tower; he was stood on the balcony and it felt like the entire of Konoha
had piled in to listen and the noise they made made the uniformed ninja standing stern-faced
and silent round the edges seem all the more terrifying in comparison, but here the Hokage
held up his hands and the whole village dropped to a reverential to hush to listen. “Then,” he
continued, quieter and with deadly intent, “We will remind him.”

I buried my fingers in the rough hair at the back of Urushi’s neck while the crowd roared and
tried desperately not to be sick.



If I was expecting a swathe of changes now that we were officially at war, I was
disappointed. Information was scarce. Konoha didn’t have a newspaper, and I didn’t trust the
official announcements any more than I trusted the rumour mill. The war against Sound
seemed as much a propaganda war as anything else; the Hokage - or at least, someone on his
council - was going to great efforts to spin everything so that Konoha was glorious, righteous,
powerful, everything I didn’t believe for a second that it was.

Orochimaru hit the supply trains. Konoha publicised that he’d stooped so low as to hire
bandits to do his dirty work, and put jounin on the next ones, either to guard civilian caravans
or to ferry crucial resources themselves in storage scrolls. The civilians were told that the
Hokage took their protection seriously; the ninja, I’m sure, read between the lines and
realised that if Orochimaru had only hired bandits, Konoha would have sent chunin to deal
with them.

Fresh seafood vanished from the market. Some river species such as carp were available, as
were an assortment of surimi products made from ground and frozen fish meat, but the fresh
saltwater fish that Ito-san used to stock were replaced with cuts of pork, heavy with fat and
marinated in red dyes for victory.
“Thought I’d show my support,” he said. He seemed so convinced of it that I half wondered
if it was a coincidence that we imported fish but farmed our own pigs locally.

Weapons. There was an unspoken agreement that active duty ninja had first call on new kunai
and shuriken during war, and it was only common sense that if you weren’t on a mission you
wouldn’t waste your good shuriken in training, but I squinted suspiciously at the reduced
stock available in the shop and thought, privately, that if I were Orochimaru and I were
basically laying siege to a village like Konoha, their iron trade would be almost as high
priority as their food to take out.

But I didn’t know. I didn’t know. I’d never lived through a war before. It felt like we were
being informed of just enough losses to fuel our outrage and plenty of victories to keep us
bloodthirsty, but none of that lined up with what I thought I could see around me.
Orochimaru was no match for our ninja, of course, but civilian traders in the capital were
advised to stay there and not risk the journey home. I only knew that because Sakura’s
mother was one of them. Orochimaru wasn’t a threat to Konoha, don’t be ridiculous, but
ANBU were drafted to patrol the walls and I saw the academy running evacuation drills to
the mountain.

Training was abandoned. Or at least reworked to fit into other duties; I progressed beyond
fingers and into crude shovel-shapes with my water arm, and without Jiraiya to push him
towards projectiles and defensive work, Naruto went back to training with his clones. He was
still getting used to his variety of non-human forms; currently he was working on dragonflies
and attempting to negotiate four very un-birdlike wings and eyes that, while being some of
the sharpest and fastest in the animal kingdom, delivered a compound vision that was
apparently hellish to decipher. Sakura stuck with her seals, fighting her way through a series
of basic utility scrolls that I was pretty sure she’d got from Ino to find out how they worked.
Not that Ino had much experience with seals herself, but her clan were easily wealthy enough
to have some that she could borrow and I copied more than one of them out with sharingan-
assisted accuracy so that Sakura could rage at them at her leisure.

What little leisure we had, at least. The normal missions were still coming in - how, if it was
too dangerous to travel outside the village - and with so many of our ninja occupied on
whatever mysterious but heroic war duties they were running, it fell to the genin and the
genin corps to fulfil them. The corps took the out-of-village missions, we took what
amounted to a never ending supply of d-ranks, and though Jiraiya showed up occasionally to
check on us as we cleared escape tunnels or stock-checked the hospital, we did most of it
with the dogs or other genin teams for company.

I recognised some from the exam. Some were old enough that I suspected they’d failed out
and changed careers, or weren’t genin at all and were meant to be retired to desk jobs. It
seemed rude to ask, and as curious as I was I had to remember that Konoha’s problems
weren’t my problems, even if it was jarring to realise exactly how much the genin corps
usually did for the village that they had to draft in so many extra people to replace them. I
knew that roughly two thirds of our academy class had ended up in the corps, but I hadn’t
exactly been social back then and I didn’t know or talk to any of them.
Ino did. Chouji was still on enforced bed rest - Kankuro’s poison was apparently a hellish
combination of slow acting and difficult to eradicate, and though Chouji wasn’t in danger of
dying from it anymore he also wasn’t putting any weight back on and his recovery was
suffering as a result - but Ino and Shikamaru had been drafted into d-ranks the same as we
had, and we sometimes overlapped.

“Covering missions is only part of it,” she explained. “Sound’s targeting their patrol routes
and the outposts, they’ve had to double team sizes for defence and send reinforcements.”

I frowned, trying to work through the numbers. “The outposts cover the whole of Fire and the
borders,” I said unsurely. “If Sound’s going after them and all the trading routes, that’d be…”
I gave up counting. “A lot. Huge. How does he have that many people?”

“Missing nin? Mercenaries? He’s already hiring bandits, mercenaries is a logical next step.”

“They said he was hiring bandits,” I corrected, and though Sakura and Naruto didn’t blink at
me doubting the Hokage’s word Ino seemed taken aback.

“It’s not just bandits,” Shikamaru said. “Or mercenaries. It’s the same heavy hitters, and it
doesn’t matter that he’s not got a lot of them because he just sends them out multiple times a
day.”

Sound four? Or five, if Kimmimaro was still fighting. Maybe? With their curse seal they
should qualify as heavy hitters, but I thought they’d been defeated by the Rookie 12 in the
original timeline. Granted, the original timeline - or my memory of it - wasn’t a particularly
reliable source of information, but I definitely felt like something was missing.

“Across the whole of Fire Country though?” Sakura asked dubiously. “Small groups of high
level shinobi make strike teams, not armies.”

“Which is exactly why they’re going to lose,” Ino concluded. “Orochimaru’s too ambitious
and stretching himself too thin; he’s going to exhaust his jounin by overusing them, and once
they’re dead he’s lost. All we have to do is keep fighting until they make a mistake, it barely
even counts as war.”

Shikamaru shrugged, not quite managing to hit his usual level of lazy. “Sure,” he drawled.
“That’s the reason our dads have been pulling back to back shifts. Because there’s barely a
war and nothing to worry about.”

“I didn’t say there was nothing to worry about,” Ino replied tartly. “But seriously? Our dads
are pulling back to back shifts. Sound’s going to get destroyed.”

I wasn’t convinced, but Ino wasn’t alone in her confidence. We ran into Team Gai a couple of
times for morning workouts - Ino had apparently made good on her promise to get Tenten to
train with her, and without Chouji as a buffer Shikamaru had been forced to drag us along for
moral support to keep him from having to deal with Lee. I took one look at the way Lee’s
eyes started welling up when he realised I wasn’t keeping my bad arm still for the fun of it,
and made the executive decision to test my blobby water hand against Shikamaru’s shadow
on the other side of the field.
From Sakura’s pinched expression I don’t think she appreciated my decision, but Naruto at
least just rolled his eyes and offered to spar with Lee until he’d calmed down. Neji didn’t
show up often - understandable, given that it was his cousin at the centre of the war, even if
Konoha was still being cagey about the details - but when he did he looked more exhausted
than not, and was supremely uninterested in training with or talking to anyone outside his
team. I didn’t have a baseline to know whether this was normal for him or not, but based on
Tenten’s unhappy expression when he flatly ignored Sakura or put down Lee’s latest youthful
claim with a deadpan monotone that even to me sounded lacklustre, I was going for not.

“Even their elite know better than to tangle with our will of fire!” Lee declared one time
when Neji wasn’t there to stop him. “Engaging our genin corps and our civilians, then
running as soon as our ninja arrive - they should be ashamed of such unyouthful tactics!”

“You are aware that we’re ninja and we stab people in the back when they’re asleep,” I said.
Not very loudly, because Lee’s attention was a dangerous thing to catch, but Shikamaru heard
me.

“Who put salt in your coffee?” he asked, equally quietly. “I swear you didn’t used to be this
sarcastic.”

“I’m not sarcastic. I’m right. Also, hold up. Coffee?” I hadn’t had coffee since my old life. I
hadn’t seen coffee since my old life, I’d assumed Konoha didn’t have it. Definitely not in
cafes - tea shops were a thing, cafes weren’t - and I hadn’t noticed either beans or instant
coffee in the shops, but maybe I was looking in the wrong place?

I’d have to shelve it for later though, because Lee had moved on to bemoaning the fact that
genin weren’t included in the heroics, and describing how he’d run a thousand laps around
Konoha with a boulder on his back so he’d be fast enough to catch a Sound ninja if he ever
did get deployed to fight them.

“It won’t be a question of running faster,” Sakura said “If it was, we’d already have caught
them, by tracking if nothing else.”

“Except that we don’t have enough trackers to cover the whole of Fire,” Tenten pointed out.
“That’s exactly the problem - no one knows where the Sound guys are going to be, and they
only attack when they know they’re going to win and get out before backup arrives.”

“They don’t win,” Lee began hotly, but Naruto had begun speaking at the same time and he
subsided.

“That doesn’t make sense,” he said. “You can appear and disappear like that to get away with
things, but only if you know exactly where you’re going and the people you’re escaping from
don’t. As soon as there’s someone who knows the backstreets as well as you do, you get
caught.”

“As soon as Iruka’s the one chasing you, you mean,” Sakura added teasingly, and Naruto
flashed her a grin and didn’t deny it.
Ino scoffed, shooting him an annoyed look. “Sound aren’t evading academy instructors, it’s
not the same. But Sakura’s right; we don’t beat them by running, we beat them by working
out how they’re getting around and where their base is. They have to have one in Fire
somewhere - there’s no way they’re going back to Sound between each attack.”

“No way that we know of,” Tenten argued. “They could be using a seal, or have someone
with a bloodlimit we don’t know about. We can’t rule it out.”

Ino’s face said that they very much could, but she didn’t outright say it, and I looked between
her and a suspiciously quiet Shikamaru trying to work out what they knew. Of all of us - with
the possible exception of Neji, except he’d avoided any war discussion like the plague - they
were the most likely to know given their family connections, but they were also likely to
understand how important it was not to share secrets, particularly if what they knew
contradicted what we were officially being told.

Not that we were officially told much. Most of the information we had - any of us had - was
coming through conversations exactly like this: people passing on what their senseis had said,
what their family members had seen, what gossip they’d won from the gate guards or what
gaps they’d been able to fill in and work out for themselves. After the initial stage of unease
most people were feeling buoyed by the fact that Sound hadn’t dared attack Konoha itself,
and were treating the whole thing as a series of particularly annoying transport disruptions
with a sprinkling of patriotic feel-good-factor for flavour.

I wasn’t. Neither was Kakashi, and I hung back when we started splitting up to go back to d-
ranks and tugged on Shikamaru’s sleeve to get his attention.

“They’re watching Sound,” I said, quietly but not bothering to soften my bluntness. “That’s
what your dad’s doing, that’s why there aren’t enough ninja in Fire to deal with the attacks.
That’s how Ino knows their ninjas aren’t going back between attacks.”

“My dad’s trying to end the war with as few casualties as possible,” he corrected mildly,
raising an eyebrow and neither confirming nor denying what I’d said. I shot him a frustrated
glare then caught myself and swallowed it, dropping a hand down to Urushi to remind myself
that I didn’t care about Konoha’s mind games. Maybe the Sound operation was being kept
quiet so Konoha could disavow all knowledge if it failed, maybe it was being kept quiet
because it was still in the ambush stages and Orochimaru wasn’t meant to know. It didn’t
matter.

What mattered was, “Is Kakashi there?”

He didn’t answer for a long moment, just glanced at Urushi then looked forward with his
hands in his pockets and his posture almost aggressively slumped.

“Shikamaru,” I pressed. Naruto and Sakura were waiting. I hadn’t checked, but I had no
doubt Ino was too. “I honestly don’t care if it’s classified. Did they send Kakashi to Sound?”

“I don’t know,” he finally said, and when I shook my head in agitation he repeated it. “It’s not
just classified. It’s beyond classified. If you haven’t been told then there’s a reason for it -”
“Right,” I cut across, stepping away and towards my team. “No, you’re right. Sorry. I
shouldn’t have asked.”

“Sasuke -”

“I’ve got d-ranks to do. See you later.”



Kiba and Shino weren’t released from hospital until several days after war was declared, long
enough to realistically deny that the two events were linked. Not that anyone did outright
deny it, or offer any alternate explanation other than ‘not ready to leave the hospital yet’, but
Hinata’s kidnapping and her role as the instigator for the war was something that was still
being kept under wraps.

We knew, of course. From the way Team Ten didn’t seem particularly surprised that it was
just Kiba and Shino left, I suspected they’d either been told or worked it out. The exact
details were still unclear; I was certain that it had been Orochimaru to kill the Sound genin
and officially push Konoha to war, but I didn’t know if Konoha had been moving against
Otogakure before then and he’d retaliated, or if he’d just decided to take advantage of the
unrest and push up the timescale of his invasion. As far as his drawn out attempted siege
could be called an invasion, anyway. And in all honesty, it wasn’t unreasonable that it
genuinely had taken that long for Team Eight to be ready to leave, or for Kiba to be ready at
least, and even though he was allowed out he still had to go back for regular progress checks.

He was in a wheelchair when he and Shino joined the group for a ‘yay you got out of
hospital’ dinner, and self conscious of it if his posture was anything to go by. Akamaru was
sticking close but he’d also gained another dog, a larger grey one that looked almost like a
husky and was apparently one of the three brothers that usually stayed with his sister. He told
us later that it had been a different brother each time we’d seen him, but given that they all
answered to Haimaru and all looked identical, I hadn’t been able to tell.

The bandages around his head were gone. So was a fair chunk of hair, leaving him with
shaved sides under his usual messy brown that clearly showed the spider-web of lightning
burn scars from where Orochimaru attacked him. They fanned out from just over his ear up to
his temple and down to the edge of his jaw, and in the other direction curved almost to the
base of his skull, and though he wore his familiar fluffy parka he kept the hood deliberately
down so as not to hide them.

“It’s so people know which ear I’m deaf in,” he quipped, tilting his chin up. “This side got
fried, that side I’m just ignoring you. I wanted people to be sure.”

“Considerate of you,” I said, and he shot me an instinctive glare before he caught himself and
replaced it with a grimace. I blinked; I hadn’t meant it meanly. It was more that when I was
feeling vulnerable I’d much rather people were teasing or brusque than showed me any
sympathy. Particularly people I didn’t know very well, and I’d kind of assumed that we
weren’t close enough friends for emotions.
Kiba had been loud and brash at the academy, and frequently hung out with Naruto. I’d
avoided him on principle, and spent more time with Orochimaru’s fake-him than the real him
since we’d graduated. Honestly, I’d assumed we weren’t friends at all, close or otherwise.
Maybe he was just feeling defensive. Ichiraku was a street stall with a counter too high for
him to reach from his wheelchair and stools too narrow for him to easily balance on;
Yakiniku had a choice of low tables to kneel at or close booths where the only place for a
wheelchair to fit was at the end of the table with the wheels sticking out into the aisle. Of the
two Yakiniku was the obvious choice - it was big enough that people could easily have
detoured around him, and none of the staff so much as batted an eye at either the wheelchair
or the total of four dogs we were bringing with us (we had Guruko and Urushi today, plus I
think Shiba though she never came close enough to be sure). Even so, it was clearly a
frustration Kiba wasn’t used to, and he’d stubbornly leaned on Haimaru for balance and made
his own way to the booth while leaving his wheelchair by the door.

“I can walk,” he’d snapped at Shino when Shino stuck too close, then given an irritated shake
of his head and muttered an apology.

“I’m making sure no one steps on Akamaru,” Shino said. “He’s small and easy to miss.”

“You’re a shit liar, Shino.”

Defensive or not, I thought it was probably safer to leave him to it and focussed instead on
demolishing the grilled squid, mushrooms, and assorted onion or beansprout garnishes from
among the endless meat. The red victory pork, I noticed, was a prominent centrepiece; maybe
Ito-san had been being honest about selling it from his fish stall to show support. Clearly
there was some seafood making it through Orochimaru’s attacks on the supply caravans else
the restaurant wouldn’t have squid, so. Maybe?

Thankfully the conversation moved on to what had happened in the exam that they’d missed,
and Kiba seemed to relax once it was clear that no one was making a big deal of either his
partial deafness or his difficulty balancing. Ino took point on most of the retelling, and as
tactful as she was about not highlighting the parts where Orochimaru impersonated Team
Eight, it was impossible to gloss over entirely and put something of a downer on dinner.

“He could copy our techniques?” Shino asked, frowning.

Naruto shook his head unhappily. “None of us are trackers. Or those of who could track
weren’t tracking, it was easy for him to pretend.”

“Unless you have paralysis bugs,” I added. “In which case, he copied those. Though they felt
more like lightning jutsu than anything else.”

Shino gave a single shake of his head. “My current colony are chakra-drainers. Perhaps in the
future when I can sustain multiple, but at the moment I’d only be causing them harm if I
tried.”

“Speaking of multiple,” Ino said, turning to Sakura. “How do you still have dogs. I know
your reserves, they haven’t got that much bigger since the academy. How aren’t you risking
chakra exhaustion keeping this many summons around?”
For a second Sakura looked awkward, though I doubt anyone outside me or Naruto would
have noticed. She hid it behind a teasing grin and shrugged in a way that blatantly said she
had secrets and wasn’t going to share. She and Tsuki had been getting better at how long
Tsuki could stay with us for, but it was still only a few hours at a time before they both
started feeling the strain and I was surprised that Ino hadn’t worked out the dogs were
Kakashi’s. I frowned at her consideringly and decided that she’d worked out at least some of
it, but was fishing for more details that Sakura didn’t want to give her.

Did that mean she knew something about where Kakashi was? I’d asked Shikamaru because I
knew him better and thought he was most likely to tell me. Should I have asked Ino instead?

Although, that was another thought. Keeping Tsuki around put a strain on both Sakura and
Tsuki, and though every other dog alternated days to give them a rest, Urushi had been with
us since the preliminaries. I glanced down at him, subtly trying to check how he was doing,
but he cocked his head back at me and didn’t seem to be any different from usual.

“Wait, they’re summons?” Kiba said. “Since when do you have summons? Since when do
you summon dogs?”

I blinked at him. “You didn’t honestly think they were pets?” I asked, mystified. “I’m sure
dog dogs are lovely, but way to insult someone. Obviously they’re summons.”

“The hell are you saying about nindogs, ass -”

“Nothing,” I backtracked. “I’m sure nindogs are fine -”

“Fine? You’re sure they’re - you know, I think I liked you more when you were a guy and
thought you were better than us and too good to talk to anyone.”

I opened my mouth to backtrack further, then hesitated. Why? I wouldn’t let anyone else get
away with saying that. He was being a dick, the least I’d normally do would scowl and
pointedly ignore him, so why - oh.

I fought the urge to glance at either his scars or his wheelchair over by the door. It was stupid
to want to treat him any differently because of them, but it was also basic empathy to see
someone hurt and want to at least be mindful of it. People had probably been tiptoeing round
him since he got out of hospital.

He probably hated it.

As previously stated, he was also being a dick.

“I,” I started cautiously, then gaining confidence when he tilted his head towards me almost
in anticipation, “Have never been better than anyone in my life, moron.”

I then refused to wince. It might have been gaining confidence, but as far as counter
arguments went, it wasn’t the best I’d ever given.

“I like that,” Shikamaru said, sitting up from his lazy slouch. “Can I have that in writing?”
  I stuck my tongue out at him. “No. Confessions under duress aren’t trustworthy, it doesn’t
  count.”

  “Oi, don’t back out now, Uchiha,” Kiba said. “Just because you couldn’t make it through the
  preliminaries and you know I totally would’ve.”

  “As if, dog-breath,” Ino jeered, and with the relief that came from leaving a heavy subject
  behind and with all the grace and artistry of an elephant high dive team, the table descended
  into immaturity and chaos.

  Which I did not take part in. Because I was better than that. Obviously.



Chapter End Notes



    Sasuke: Classified information, yes, but. Minor treason?
    Shikamaru: ... physically can't help as I don't know, but also, minor treason
    Sasuke: rude

    The coffee almost certainly was not bugging anyone else, but I mentioned in a previous
    chapter that there wasn't any coffee in Konoha and later discovered that in canon, there
    is. Voila. (the retconned explanation is that Sasuke in her old life would not have been
    used to coffee coming in cans, which is how it's sold in Konoha, so she was looking in
    completely the wrong place and then just assumed it didn't exist. Also, if you like
    Shikamaru and coffee then this ficlet in the Surplus may interest you.)
                                       Chapter 35: War arc: II
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Border wall, farms, hospital. Those were what we spent most of our d-ranks on, with
   occasional breaks to recover and resharpen stray weapons from the training grounds. I didn’t
   like to say outright that the reason we were being sent after blunted and rusty kunai was
   because the genin corps were getting through an unholy amount and we couldn’t keep up
   supplies, but I can’t have been the only one to think it. The other main assignments were
   more obvious; the walls had to be checked for weaknesses, farms had to be both harvested
   and protected, the hospital suffered from most of Konoha’s healers being field medics and
   needed people to fill in the gaps. It was a remnant from when Tsunade was active, and though
   I could see the logic of it it meant that with so many ninja stationed out of the village the
   hospital was precariously understaffed. Even leaving aside the actual medical care that we
   didn’t have the training to help with, there was too much to do to keep everything running,
   and it felt like far too few of us to do it.

   It was probably unfair of me to dislike the hospital on principle, but. It was white. And
   sterile. And needed constant cleaning, and stock checking, and most of the storage was in
   low-ceilinged underground rooms that were a bit darker and noticeably cooler than the rest of
   the world, and I didn’t like it.

   Though it did make it easy to sneak off and visit Chouji on lunch breaks, even if we had to
   leave the dogs outside to do it.

   The fifth morning in a row that we got assigned to hospital duty, I broke.

   “Please,” I begged Iruka, abandoning any semblance of pride I had. “Any other mission.
   Look at Urushi. He has to sit outside and wait, he hates sitting outside and waiting. You
   wouldn’t do that to him, would you?”

   Iruka shook his head, pulling a sympathetic face but not giving in. He looked drawn, verging
   on the edge of exhausted, and he’d moved d-rank assignments to his classroom in the
   academy as a way to cope with the dual workload - he usually ran the mission desk when the
   academy was closed, not at the same time as it. It was early enough then that none of the
   students were there yet, but it made for an awkward experience if we had to interrupt him for
   additional missions during the day. We generally tried not to and just collected two or three
   scrolls at once, and today’s joyous offerings were a delightful selection of cleaning, waste
   disposal, and stocking even more field-kits with emergency first aid.

   “I’m sorry, Sasuke. Everyone’s doing their bit at the moment, and this is what the village
   needs from you.”

   I swallowed my thoughts on what the village could do with its needs. I wasn’t trying to shirk.
   I was just trying not to forget what sunlight looked like, that was all. Border wall and farms,
remember, there were meant to be three main areas of missions. No one else had got stuck at
the hospital for an entire week.

Naruto glanced over at me, and however quiet I was keeping about my internal rebellion, he
clearly saw exactly what I was thinking.

“Ne,” he began, pasting on a cheesy grin that had Iruka reflexively rolling his eyes and
bracing himself. “Ne, what if we did an extra one? These will take no time if I put the
unstoppable Naruto army on them, believe it!”

Iruka folded his arms and raised an eyebrow. Naruto’s cheesy grin got cheesier and grinnier,
and despite his attempts to look imposing and strict, Iruka’s amusement was leaking through.
“You can’t use your clones for everything, Naruto,” he said, aiming for serious and barely
making it.

“Yeah, but they’re awesome.”

He snorted at that, abandoning his teacher-pose entirely. “Maybe they are,” he allowed.
Naruto’s grin settled briefly into something more genuinely happy before he leaned forwards,
rocking on the balls of his feet like he was an excitable kid again.

“So what have you got for us? What amazing, heroic way are we going to save -”

“It has to still be at the hospital,” Iruka cautioned. “You can’t be too far away from your
clones if they’re actively involved in a mission, you know that. However…” He shuffled
through his scrolls, pulling one out from near the bottom of the pile and handing it out to me.
“Here. One of the trees is growing too close to the windows out the back, it needs cutting
back and training to grow the other direction. Should be right up your street, Sasuke.”

I blinked, then hesitantly took the scroll. “Thank you,” I said, eyeing him curiously. He was
most people’s favorite teacher, and I was a lot less wary of him now that I’d stopped seeing
everyone Konoha as automatically bad, but I’d never been close to him. If he knew I liked
plants it was probably because Naruto told him. I wasn’t sure how I felt about that.

Not that I minded Naruto talking to people about me. Trees were hardly an exploitable
weakness; it was more that I forgot that Naruto saw Iruka as a parent figure - older brother
figure? - and as used I was to Sakura having family outside the team, it was jarring to
remember that Naruto wasn’t only ours.

I shook myself, ashamed at the thought. It was good that Naruto had family, and I could
hardly justify being possessive given that I literally lived with him. We shared a damn bed
and I borrowed his jacket more than I wore my own, what else could I possibly want from
him?

“Thank you,” I said again, stronger this time, and followed it with a nod that wasn’t quite the
respectful bow that theoretically a sensei deserved, but was a lot more than I usually gave.

“You’re welcome,” Iruka said, almost but not entirely managing to hide his surprise. “Now
shoo, I have a stack of papers to grade and exactly four minutes to do it in. And Naruto, if I
get any reports of you using clones on missions I’m denying all knowledge and putting you
in detention for a week.”

“Wha - I graduated!”

“A week.”



It was still playing on my mind while I was up the tree. Naruto wasn’t there - clones weren't
forbidden as such, but given that few genin could make reliable solid ones they had a stigma
attached to them that was best avoided, and if he was keeping his clone usage on the down
low it made sense for him to take the less visible jobs where he wouldn't be seen in two
places at once. Sakura was though, standing below me to catch the branches I was cutting off.
We'd decided against using her chainsaws; as efficient as they would be, they were also
wickedly sharp and currently coated in take three of my updated paralysis poison, which was
both a pain to distill and not much use against trees. Besides. The handsaw we'd borrowed
from the d-rank tool shed was just as good. Slow, maybe, and maybe that was part of the
reason I’d chosen it, but maybe I was just also being careful and taking my time to do things
properly. I mean. Trees were delicate; if you cut the branch wrong the weight of it would tear
off the bark as it pulled away from the trunk, and if you did it badly enough you could end up
killing the tree. It would be stupid to try and rush it.

Also it was warm, with just enough breeze to keep it from being muggy. Urushi was keeping
watch while sprawled out on the ground with his fur covered in loose soil and dust from
where he’d been rolling. Bisuke was somewhere, tracking Naruto as best he could when he
wasn’t allowed inside, and Pakkun was presumably with Kakashi again. Either that or resting
between summons; he was remarkably close-lipped about anything to do with Kakashi, and I
honestly wasn’t sure how often he reported back.

“There’s not even that much threat in the village at the moment,” I argued, stripping the
leaves and smaller twigs off the branch so that what was left could be cut for firewood.
“They’ve tightened security so much, the only way for Orochimaru to get through to Konoha
now is if he was here to begin with.”

“Which he was,” Sakura said. “That was exactly the problem.”

“Yes, in the exam, but there’s no way he’s stayed in Konoha the entire time. Sound wouldn’t
be running the war without him.” In the exam and long enough after to kill the Sound genin
and declare the war officially started, but the point still stood. Orochimaru was the sort to
personally infiltrate the Forest of Death and play mind games with people; that didn’t match
with someone happy to delegate his years-in-the-making revenge plan to a jumped up minion
with a bright idea. Or what I assumed was a revenge plan. I couldn’t see any other reason for
him to be so focussed on Konoha, and I didn’t think the byakugan counted given how easily
he could’ve taken it without revealing himself.

Sakura seemed skeptical. “Is it worth the risk?” she asked. “Why do you want to move back
into the Uchiha district anyway? I thought you didn’t mind staying with Naruto.”
“I don’t.” I frowned, moving over to the next branch and splitting my concentration between
the saw and the water-hand I was using to brace myself against the tree with. Pushing and
pulling with it was easy, but maintaining a constant pressure and using it to lean my weight
on required a level of stability that I was still working on achieving. I couldn’t do with pure
chakra alone, and I had a shimmering mass of water I’d borrowed from the river that I was
using to strengthen it. “It’s not that I want to not stay with him, it’s that I don’t want to
monopolise him all the time. He’s allowed to spend time with other people who aren’t me.”

“You’re not monopolising him. Has he said he wants you to go?”

“Well, no, but -”

“Why would you think he does?”

“No, I don’t. I just.” I chewed my lip, thinking how to phrase it that wouldn’t sound self-
centered or insecure. “He was all happy after talking to Iruka. He hasn’t been bouncy like
that in ages.”

“Bouncy?” Sakura repeated, grinning, and I wrinkled my nose at her.

“Bouncy,” I confirmed, sticking to my word choice. If anything, Naruto was the quietest and
most serious of the three of us now; it was hard to remember how exaggeratedly obnoxious
he’d been in the academy.

“You know he was partly doing it for effect to get the extra mission, right?” She hummed
thoughtfully, then added, “And because I think that’s the politest you’ve ever been to Iruka-
sensei, that would be enough to put him in a good mood by itself.”

“I can be polite,” I protested. “Also he wouldn’t manipulate Iruka. He likes Iruka.”

“He wasn’t manipulating him. They were just messing, Sasuke-chan, Iruka knew exactly
what he was doing.”

Well. Maybe. But maybe it was still good for Naruto to have a chance to be goofy every now
and then. “I could stay with you?” I suggested, switching back to the original topic. “If your
parents wouldn’t mind.”

She snorted. “My dad would love you, no worries. You can stay if you want, but honestly,
don’t be so worried about Naruto. He’d tell you if something was bothering him.”

“Just your dad?”

“Ah - sorry. My mum would too, but she’s stuck out of town until the travel restrictions are
lifted. I warn you though, my dad’s loud. He likes sparkles. I think I broke his heart when I
said I preferred punching people to pretty things.”

“Of course you prefer punching people,” I muttered. I also paused my sawing to squint at her
and try to gauge by sight alone if her dad was pressuring her to be girly and if I should hate
him for it. She seemed joking rather than bitter, and she probably wouldn’t appreciate me
disliking her family, so. Maybe. “Punching people is what you do, you’re good at it.”
“I try,” she said, and raised an unimpressed eyebrow that said she’d noticed my reaction and
it was entirely unnecessary. “Promise you’ll talk to Naruto before deciding he wants you to
move out?”

“I’m not - moving out? No. Of course I'm not. I just want him to be happy, is all.” I also
wanted to stay up the tree, but unfortunately I was on the last branch that needed cutting
back, and Sakura was already braced below to catch it when it fell. I adjusted myself to put as
little weight as possible on the water-arm - as useful as it was, it was also exhausting to keep
it corporeal like this, and I was feeling the drain - and lined the saw up to cut. “We should do
something silly,” I decided. “All three of us. Everything’s all heavy, I don’t like it. It’s my
birthday soon, we should be ridiculous and leave the world to be stupid by itself for a day.”

She smiled at that, tilting her face up to me and nodding in agreement. “You’ll have to teach
me what pass the parcel is.”

“Um.” Neither wrapping paper nor newspaper were things in Konoha. You could buy blank
notebooks, but they were fairly expensive, and as much as I’d find it hilarious to tear apart an
Icha Icha for its pages I doubted that would go down well. Also, what if they had pictures.
Ew. No. “Um, you use… blankets. Or pillowcases. Pillowcases would be better. And sweets,
lots of sweets.”



I didn’t notice the tunnel until I’d dropped down from the tree, running my hand over the
bark and tracing the faint horizontal lines in it. It was a beech, with thin, smooth bark, and the
raised markings were a natural sign of a healthy tree. The few vertical and curved lines near
the base were not. I frowned as my fingers caught on them; they didn’t match up to any
disease I knew of, and the lines looked like they were part of the bark rather than cuts made
with a kunai or shuriken.

“Maybe it’s not a beech?” I asked Urushi, activating my sharingan to look at them closer.
Sakura was dropping off the twigs and leaves to be broken down for compost while I
collected the remaining branches and sawed them up for logs, but I didn’t think she’d mind
the pause. If the tree was sick, it was always better to catch it early.

The tree wasn’t sick. The markings were as old as it was, and they tugged on my memories,
familiar from the dictionary I’d been building for Sakura. Seals. Not ones I could read in any
detail, but I picked up the general concepts clearly enough.

Secret, they said. Hidden. Open, close. Identify.

And, underneath that, Alarm.

I snatched my hand away, taking a hurried step back with my eyes wide and my heart racing.
Urushi rolled immediately to his feet, crowding round my ankles with his ears straining and
his hackles raised, and the hand I dropped to his shoulders to calm him was as much for my
reassurance as his.

“It’s ok,” I said, keeping my voice low. “I was just startled. There’s no danger, I’m sorry.”
I hoped there was no danger. I hadn’t - I’d run my fingers over them, there was no way they’d
activated. The alarm was almost certainly for people trying to force open the entrance, it
wouldn’t be set off by someone reading it. How could it know. There was no way it could
know. Reading didn’t work like that, it didn’t know.

Secret entrance, on the roots of a tree with the seals so cleverly hidden that even with a
sharingan I’d almost mistaken them for something else -

It could be ANBU. It could easily be ANBU. It was probably ANBU. If I was ANBU, I’d
want a private tree-passage into the hospital so people didn’t see me bleed everywhere, it
made sense for it to be ANBU.

“It’s ok,” I told Urushi again, but I backed up a step further and decided to take a break from
sawing duty. He didn’t seem particularly convinced, but he followed me away from the tree
and stopped growling at it. He didn’t move away though and when my legs hit a bench and I
instinctively sat on it, he parked himself between my ankles, sitting at a rigid alert with his
attention fixed on the tree.

Even if it wasn’t ANBU, it wasn’t doing anything. I’d been up in the branches all morning. It
was just a door, that’s all, and it might not even be that given how smooth and undisturbed
the ground around the base of the tree seemed to be. I could look closer at the dirt to be sure,
but I could also close my eyes, deactivate my sharingan - though not the dark-eyes genjutsu,
which was an entirely irrational safety blanket but a comforting one all the same - and just.
Not.

I already knew Danzo existed. The tree didn’t give me any new information. Nothing
changed, there was no reason to freak out, and if Sakura came back and asked what was
wrong there was nothing I could say to answer her so logically I couldn’t give her a reason to
suspect anything was wrong. Which it wasn't. Because I wasn't freaking out. I was fine.

“It’s ok,” I promised Urushi for the third time, and deliberately measured my breathing to
stop my heart from racing.

“I’m glad to hear it,” Orochimaru said.

I froze. My eyes snapped open, and all the air in my lungs turned cold and stuck in my throat.

The moment cost me, and by the time I’d got my wits together enough to think of kawarimi
my window to do so had disappeared. Orochimaru was sat next to me on the bench; he
reached round behind me to tap once on my right shoulder - I didn’t know why - before
bringing his hand back to rest, heavy and chilling, over the back of my neck. It was enough
that if I switched I’d take him with me, but not enough to hurt or hold me in place. Between
my feet, Urushi was silent and unmoving, staring blankly forward in a way that neither
looked nor felt natural. If I was careful, I could keep enough skin contact with him that when
I twisted away from Orochimaru and -

Orochimaru’s grip tightened in warning. I abandoned my escape and went still.
“I’m curious though,” he continued, as though he hadn’t just wordlessly threatened me.
“What’s ok? Because forgive me for saying, but I wouldn’t call your situation the best you’ve
ever been in.”

No, I thought, only slightly hysterically. You’re not forgiven. Go away. Outloud, all I said
was, “What did you do to Urushi?”

“Dogs are a pitiable summon to have,” he said, which answered very little except that he’d
definitely done something. “I’m sure I could get you wolves if you’re attached, but you’d be
magnificent with snakes.” I suppressed a twitch at the casual presumption that he’d be getting
me anything at all. The offhandedness, as though it were a given and didn’t need to be
discussed, the almost indulgent way he’d let me have wolves, the idea that I could be
magnificent with anything - no. “Based on your reactions, it’s the tree that’s ok, which clearly
implies that it has reason not to be. And that’s the curious part, Sasuke-kun.” I didn’t look at
him, but I could feel him turning to face himself more towards me. He moved his hand as he
did it, a thoughtless readjustment to a more comfortable angle that brought his fingers
curving forwards to rest on my pulse point.

There was nothing thoughtless about it. I had a sudden, disastrous urge to swallow, even
though my mouth was so dry it was fifty fifty whether I’d cough or choke on the attempt.

“How did you know what was under the tree? You aren’t ANBU. It was an interesting
possibility, but the lack of tattoo is an unfortunate giveaway.”

The lack of - shoulder. Swirl tattoo on an ANBU’s shoulder. Itachi’s uniform came with
sleeves, I hadn’t even thought of it. It was a seal? It had to be a seal, how else would
Orochimaru know I didn’t have it just by tapping me.

How did Orochimaru know I’d ever pretended I did. Unless it was literally just the fact that
I’d noticed the tree that made him think it, in which case overreacting would just let him
know that he’d hit on a bigger secret and was exactly the worst thing I could do for myself.

“I never said I was,” I said cautiously.

He lifted his hand for a second to tug on a loose strand of hair, then returned it to my neck.
“Your mother used to wear those pins, Weasel-kun.”

Or the situation was bad enough that panic was an entirely reasonable reaction, and he knew
all my secrets anyway so what was the point in - no. No, calm, think. He couldn’t - but
Weasel-kun, ANBU Weasel, ANBU Weasel visiting the Kazekage in a weasel mask, had he
seen me? Had Rasa told him? There was no way Rasa recognised anything from my mum -
but I’d worn the pins then because I never thought I’d be a girl in public, and now I was and
now I was wearing them and I hadn’t even considered and a completely irrational part of me
wanted to believe that Orochimaru was just guessing but if he wasn’t, if Rasa was betraying
us all along if Rasa was already dead and that had been Orochimaru I’d tried to cow into
toeing the line -

“This much stress can’t be good for you,” Orochimaru said. “You’ll be happier in Sound,
Sasuke-kun. Oh, it’s Sasuke-chan now, isn’t it?” He hummed thoughtfully, and I shifted
instinctively away from him. It made his hand close on my throat, fingers now impossibly far
forwards - not crushing, not hurting, almost gentle but inescapably there with his knuckles
brushing against the underside of my chin. “Not what I expected,” he continued, still
terrifyingly calm. “But I’ve no objections to it. Have you considered surgery? Kabuto’s been
looking forward to remaking you, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind.”

I didn’t answer that. I couldn’t, both because of the insistent pressure on my windpipe and
because letting myself even acknowledge the question was a distraction I couldn’t afford.
Even if it was gentle Orochimaru’s grip was merciless; the only direction I could move to try
and get out of it was back, and he didn’t let up until I was firmly on the bench again with his
arm over my shoulders and resting heavily against my chest.

Urushi was completely frozen throughout the whole thing. I didn’t know where Bisuke was.
Or Sakura. If she came back while Orochimaru was here - should I try kawarimi anyway, just
to get both of us away from her? Would he let me survive if I did? If I just went for it and
screamed, would anyone in the hospital hear me? If I sat here and didn’t say anything, would
he get bored and go away, or would he get bored and start trying to take my eyes again?

“I’m not going to Sound,” I blurted. It was typically defiant enough to buy time while my
mind raced, focussed by the need to keep Orochimaru away from Sakura. He wouldn’t kill
me for a kawarimi, he’d put too much effort into me - oh god - to waste it now. He might
knock me unconscious, but as fast as his reactions were I was pretty sure I could switch us
somewhere faster, though I’d only be able to do it once. Where, though; somewhere with
other people would be my best shot at getting out of this in one piece but the only ninja I
knew in Konoha at the moment were at the academy or in the hospital itself. Gate guards, or
if I could get him to the patrols on the border wall, but could I reach that far? I needed to see
where I was going to end up somewhere deliberate. Was there an angle I could see into the
hospital, should I just land outside the front doors and hope?

“Don’t be difficult, Sasuke-chan. Where else would you go? We both know you have no love
for Konoha, and I'm hardly going to let you be a missing nin.”

I closed my eyes, fighting back a strained whine. What the fuck was I meant to - how did -
how many things was I meant to be panicking about. I was one person. Half a person, I was
still in the process of becoming a whole damn person, what the hell did people have against
letting me do it in peace. The barely controlled wave of fear I’d been riding threatened to
swallow me whole, and I - couldn’t.

I pressed my eyes shut tightly enough to hurt, and clamped down on my reactions. Calm was
an illusion. Rational thinking - who had time for that. People whose lives weren’t mine, that’s
who. I didn’t want to know what Orochimaru had overheard. Was he guessing, did he have
working knowledge of my plans, I didn’t care. Was I just that obvious that he’d picked it up
from the few times I actually knew he was there? Great. Fantastic. Was he keeping tabs on
me when I’d thought I was safe and wasn’t watching my words? Even better, we love a
creepy stalker to add some variety to life. There was only so much I could be afraid of in one
sitting, and I couldn’t do anything about it, so fuck it. Fuck it. Ridiculously misplaced anger,
my friend, I’ve missed you and your reckless confidence, let’s fucking go.
“Why,” I asked flatly. “I’m not strong. I only have one arm. I don’t have a sharingan. Why
did you decide to fixate on me.”

“I’m not convinced that’s true,” he said, and lifted his other hand to touch the scar he’d left
under my eye. The dark-eyes genjutsu I still had running wavered but held, and I jerked my
head away, ignoring the way it made his hold on me tighten again. He wasn’t actively
stopping me breathing, it wasn’t important enough to matter. Warnings didn’t mean shit until
you followed through. “Jiraiya couldn’t remove it?” he asked, dropping the topic of my eyes
and reaching for my elbow instead. He turned it until his seal was visible, overriding my
effort to get it back. “Of course he couldn’t. He’s an idiot at the best of times, souls are
completely beyond him.”

I wasn’t going to rise. He wanted me to ask. I wasn’t going to ask.

He didn’t wait for me to.

“Yours is loose, by the way. I wondered when you said you didn’t feel killing intent, but
Kabuto was kind enough to confirm it for me.”

“Why the fuck are you telling me.”

“Language, Sasuke-chan,” he chided, then went on as though I hadn’t interrupted. “You do
feel it, of course. Everyone does, you just need a more direct approach than some. You’ve
got… a faulty connection, shall we say. Someone killed you and didn’t quite reattach you
right.” He lined his fingers up to match the seal, seemingly entirely focussed on it while he
absently laid out secrets I’d buried so deep I’d forgotten I was meant to be keeping them. Not
the killing intent, but the fact that I’d died - “Your brother, I suspect. His wouldn’t be the only
sharingan that cheats death, and it was new when he used it on you, wasn’t it? Or parts of it
were.” No. No, it wasn’t him, that’s not how his mangekyou works, go away. Go away. “You
aren't bad for a first attempt, but you're not finished yet either; you’ve barely grown, not as
much chakra as you should have, no kekkei genkai - well. None you admit to, but I
appreciate the deception.” He lit his fingers with a faint blue glow and I tried again to pull my
arm out of his reach with no success.

“Why are you telling me.”

He finally looked up at me, yellow eyes intent and a disturbingly fascinated cast to his
expression. “Because I could make you so much more, Sasuke-chan,” he said. “What I could
learn from fixing you, what you could be if your body and soul lined up and gave you the
strength you were meant to have. And your eyes, your crowning glory, the abilities they’ll
grant you -” He slammed his hand into my elbow, driving his chakra down until it felt like he
was scraping my bones with it. And I could feel it, shockingly jarring as my brain struggled
to understand how there was a limb there anymore to feel anything or why it was hurting; it
ripped through me in jagged shards and my whole hand spasmed from the agony of it. I
flinched, curling instinctively over it with a barely-stifled scream, and tasted blood from
where I’d bitten through my lip. Orochimaru tugged the arm insistently back; everywhere he
touched felt like knives, except hothotburning with fire in their wake, and I couldn’t focus
enough to stop him laying it out and running his fingers over my wrist as he watched it twitch
and cramp its way to wakefulness.
“I’ll make you perfect,” he promised, and all I could do was hold onto Urushi’s frozen form
and wait desperately for it to end.



Orochimaru didn’t take me to Sound.

“We have time,” he said, like I was the one impatiently asking when I could go. Maybe he
thought I was - he knew I wasn’t loyal to Konoha, he’d just healed my arm and offered me
power beyond my wildest dreams, why wouldn’t I want to go with him. No curse seal. No
mention of hollowing me out and wearing me as a second skin, what the hell was I waiting
for.

I’ll make you perfect, he promised. He said he’d fix me.

At least now I knew why I was so damn short. Would he give me the height my counterpart
had? I mean, it was my life goal to be tall, wasn’t it? Give me his height, give me his chakra
reserves and his ability to play with a-rank jutsu as a twelve year old when I could barely
manage to keep my sharingan active for more than an hour at a time. He’d already fixed part
of me, and that was just by driving a single fucking seal into my arm and shredding every
nerve in it raw in the process, I could hardly claim to doubt him.

My chakra felt unbalanced again. I’d got too used to sending it through a water arm instead
of a real one, and now I was overcompensating and flooding the hand with more chakra than
it wanted to take. It flickered over my fingers. Tiny little sparks, like static shocks. They hurt,
but less now than they had at first. I was ignoring them.

My other hand was resting on Urushi’s head, idly stroking over the tuft of longer fur between
his ears. It felt stiff, almost spiky, and the skin beneath it was warm. He wasn’t moving any
more than he’d done before, but his skin would be cold if he was dead.

Orochimaru was wrong. If my soul was misaligned, then Itachi hadn't done it. Maybe it could
look that way from the outside, maybe I didn't have a better explanation, but Itachi hadn't
done it. If Orochimaru expected the sharingan to have some mythical control over death
itself, well, it didn't. He was wrong.

Not about everything. If I was strong, I could protect myself. Other Sasuke was strong, and
he'd protected himself - he'd killed Orochimaru, even. He’d killed lots of people. I’d killed a
pig in the academy and traded the pancake made from it for a sugared apricot from Chouji.

“I was meant to be done measuring myself against him,” I told Urushi, still trying to smooth
down his fur. “You weren’t there, but it was this whole thing when I decided to be a girl. Boy
me was meant to go away.” My voice came out strangely flat. I felt strangely flat, I couldn’t
be bothered to add any tone to it. What stage was nothingness on the grief cycle? Good, bad,
was I losing progress if I stayed here and decided I didn’t care?

I grit my teeth. “Coward,” I accused myself. Denial, bargaining, acceptance; I couldn’t
remember all the stages but I knew those were out of my reach so I went for the only one left
I could manage. “Boy me was an idiot. In what universe is a fucking height boost worth
  handing myself over to, to creepy ninja Voldemort. I hate him. Them. I hate them both. Who
  electrocutes someone’s fucking hand without asking them, what kind of egotistical prick
  looks at a person and thinks they have the right to fix them. What if they don’t want to be
  fixed. What if they don’t fucking want -” I had to break off to swallow, the words scraping
  painfully against my throat. It had gone thin and tight the way it did when you were on the
  verge of the painful kind of crying and I decided I hated it as well because crying was for
  other people and I wasn’t doing that.

  “My name is Uchiha Sasuke,” I bit out. “I like fish and dogs. My dislikes are literally
  everything else. My hobbies are screwing up and my dream is to never grow another inch in
  my fucking life and if anyone doesn’t like it, they can piss off and leave me alone.”

  Who cared about giving yourself time to heal, anyway. Being a full person wouldn’t save me.
  There wasn’t any point.



Chapter End Notes



    Canon Orochimaru: Has a character backstory driven by a fear of death and an obsessive
    fixation on immortality
    Canon Orochimaru: Worked with Danzo on his own eyeball hoarding tendencies, almost
    certainly knows that Izanagi can undo death
    Canon Orochimaru: Literal genius who could easily learn more jutsu than he’d ever be
    able to use, also known to invent, reengineer, or improve on existing jutsu to better suit
    his purposes rather than settling for what's already been made

    Also canon Orochimaru: hi yes so the reason i want a sharingan is uhhhhhhhhhh to copy
    things from people
    Also also canon Orochimaru: and because itachi beat me that one time, fuck that guy
                                       Chapter 36: War arc: III
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   “Sasuke-chan!” Sakura greeted. “I was thinking about what you said, for doing something
   silly all three of us, and I - Sasuke-chan?”

   I was still sat on the bench, Urushi frozen between my knees and my hand mechanically
   stroking his head. My bad hand - now my newly-fixed, Orochimaru approved hand - was
   resting awkwardly in my lap, too unfamiliar to feel comfortable wherever I put it. The
   branches I’d been meant to be turning into firewood were where I’d left them, haphazardly
   stacked and not yet cut to size.

   “Where’s Bisuke?” I asked.

   “Tracking Naruto, I think,” Sakura said cautiously. “I haven’t seen him.”

   “He should’ve gone with you.”

   She paused, then shook her head. “Maybe, but I still haven’t seen him. What happened?
   What’s wrong with Urushi?”

   I shrugged. “Don’t know.” He was still alive. Still warm. “Can Tsuki call Pakkun at any time,
   or does he have to be waiting for her signal?”

   “She can call him. It just might take him longer to answer, is all.” She took the extra couple
   of steps towards the bench, but opted for a more defensible crouch rather than sitting next to
   me on it. Another time, I might’ve appreciated the effort, but now it just seemed pointless.

   “Sasuke-chan,” she said, leaning forwards to try and look up into my face. I ignored her,
   keeping my head down and my gaze fixed on Urushi. “What’s going on?”

   Of course it was pointless. She was a genin. On her way to being a chunin, but she shouldn’t
   have to worry about enemies in her own village, and she shouldn’t have to be responsible for
   someone who did.

   “I need Kakashi,” I said, ignoring her question. “Can you call him?”

   “Not until you answer me.”

   That caused a flicker of annoyance, and I glanced over to her with the beginnings of a scowl.
   She should be better at picking up when things were out of her control and leave me to it,
   being good at hitting things didn’t make her good at everything. “Orochimaru fixed my
   hand,” I told her flatly, and balled it into a fist to demonstrate. A thread of chakra, and the
   hand lit up with blue-white sparks, dancing formlessly over my knuckles. “Jiraiya was right,
   fire and water wasn’t the key. Maybe souls aren’t that beyond him after all.”
“Orochimaru,” Sakura repeated. She paled, and when she looked down at Urushi again it was
with wide eyes. “Is Naruto still in the storage room?”

“As far as I know,” I said. “Call Kakashi.”

“I - yes, let me just -” She was already reaching for her summoning scroll, and she trailed off
as she bit her thumb for blood and smeared it along the back. “Tsuki,” she said, cutting off
Tsuki’s enthusiastic hello. “I need you to pass a message to Pakkun, then get Bisuke and
Naruto and bring them back here. Naruto’s inside the hospital somewhere, probably in one of
the underground areas.”

“Inside?” Tsuki queried. “But we’re not allowed inside the sick house.” She sniffed at Urushi,
then took a step back, tail tucked in low as she looked up at Sakura uncertainly.

“Special circumstances,” Sakura said. “Tell Pakkun we need Kakashi.”

“But -”

“Now, Tsuki.”

With a final hesitant glance at Urushi, Tsuki unsummoned herself. Sakura counted out a full
minute to give her time to reach Pakkun before summoning her again.

“I told him,” Tsuki said when she reappeared. “He’s talking to the big dog-man. I’ll find
Puppy next?”

“Thank you,” Sakura said, nodding at her and smiling to soften the tension. It was a
somewhat strained smile, and I waited for the curl of guilt that came from being the one to
cause problems again, the one making everyone worry and bringing too many enemies down
on them that they didn’t know how to cope with.

It didn’t come. I was just… not in the mood.

We waited in terse silence. The trees were in a quiet spot round the back of the hospital, and
the sounds of the village felt distant and removed. It made sense; ROOT would hardly put
their secret tunnel somewhere busy. It also made it easy to hear Naruto and Tsuki’s approach,
despite how little noise they made.

“Puppy,” Tsuki announced, coming up behind him. “Bisuke’s not here. I’ll get Pakkun.” She
unsummoned herself again, not even waiting for Sakura’s response, and I wondered vaguely
if it was Urushi that had made her so agitated or if she was just picking up the general aura of
unease.

Naruto moved towards us immediately, taking in the scene and looking to Sakura in question.
She shrugged, a jerky movement that was halfway between helpless and frustrated.
“Orochimaru healed her arm,” she said. “I don’t know what else.”

He turned to me instead, reaching for my shoulder, and I twisted back on instinct to stay out
of his reach. His hand hovered for a second, stopped in place by my reaction, and I kept
stroking Urushi and ignored it.
“Bastard -”

“Look,” I said. I lifted my left hand. “Sparkles.”

“Why did Orochimaru heal you?”

I didn’t want to answer that.

“Bastard, look at me.”

I didn’t want to do that either. The tree didn’t make that much sense, when you thought about
it. Why have a secret entrance outside the hospital? Why not put it in one of the cellars? From
here you’d still have to go round to a door, anyone could see you. And since when would
ROOT nin be treated in the main hospital, anyway?

“Sasuke.”

I blinked, turning to him with a quizzical frown. Over his shoulder, I saw Sakura talking to
Pakkun, and realised I hadn’t noticed him arrive. He didn’t didn’t look particularly happy -
not that he ever looked overjoyed, he was rather deadpan for a pug - and Tsuki was keeping
so close she was practically stepping on Sakura’s feet, though she was at least being quiet and
unobtrusive about it.

“Why did Orochimaru heal you?” Naruto asked again.

“Who leaves a sharingan with someone who only has one arm?” I answered, distracted by
trying to read Pakkun’s expression. I was spared Naruto’s reply to that when Pakkun noticed
me staring, and trotted over with Sakura and Tsuki in tow.

“Bisuke and Shiba are in the summon realm,” he said without preamble. “Bisuke found me
just after Tsuki did. Shiba’s hurt, but not badly.”

I hadn’t even realised Shiba was trailing us. I spared a brief moment to be glad they were
both ok, then refocussed. “Kakashi?” I pressed.

“At least a day away, and not on a mission he can cancel.”

My fingers froze, digging into Urushi’s fur. “We’re his team,” I said, sharper than I intended.
He wasn’t meant to be on a mission at all. He wasn’t meant to be a day away, he was meant
to be running night patrols and staying to keep us safe.

“The village is at war,” Pakkun said simply. Perhaps I should have paid more attention to
how carefully measured his tone was, no hint of whether he agreed or disagreed with what he
was saying, but I didn’t. I just stared at him, wrong-footed enough to shake the strangely cold
apathy that had held me since Orochimaru left. “Urushi should have unsummoned by now,”
he continued, moving past his statement. “If something’s preventing him going home where
he can heal -”

“Kakashi has to come,” I interrupted. “Pakkun, I need him.”
"There’s Jiraiya,” Sakura said, cutting into the conversation. “Kakashi left us with him for a
reason, and if anyone would be able to face Orochimaru, it would be him.” I switched my
disbelief to her, and she lifted her chin but didn’t waver in the face of it. “A foreign kage
infiltrated the village,” she pointed out. “This is bigger than our team, Sasuke-chan.”

“So let someone bigger than our team deal with it,” I shot back. “The village can handle the
infiltration. Kakashi can handle us.”

“He -” She paused, eyes flicking to Naruto. I didn’t follow her gaze, but she must’ve found
the agreement she needed, because she turned back to me with renewed determination. “I’m
not sure he can, Sasuke-chan.”

I knew it. I knew it. I didn’t know why, or how, but all her talk of taking Jiraiya as a
temporary teacher - it hadn’t fooled anyone. I wasn’t sure what showed on my face but I
didn’t bother to hide it, only turning back to Urushi so I wouldn’t have to look at her for her
betrayal.

“Sasuke-chan,” she said, voice carefully steady. “The stakes are too high. The dogs weren’t
able to do anything against Orochimaru - he could’ve taken you, and no one would’ve even
known where you went. Refusing to go to Jiraiya because he isn’t Kakashi is -”

“Stupid?” I filled in for her.

“It makes life unnecessarily dangerous,” she said instead. I snorted.

“At least I’m consistent.”

“Bastard,” Naruto cut in, and I felt a sudden flare of irritation at the thought that the two of
them were trying to tag-team me.

“You think I’m being unreasonable,” I said flatly. “You think I’ve decided I hate Jiraiya
because he’s a new person and I never like new people, you think this is just about
Orochimaru and the only thing that matters is that Jiraiya can help.” I grit my teeth, fighting
the urge to just spill everything and make them see - Orochimaru, sure, but what about the
Hokage, what about Danzo, what about any of them - “You think I don’t care that you’ve
decided Kakashi isn’t good enough and you’re shutting him out.”

“It’s hard to miss that you do, actually,” Sakura said, her own frustration starting to show. She
shook her head, taking a breath to regain her calm. “Can we just put Kakashi aside -”

“No. If I let go of him once you’ll make me do it again.”

“If Orochimaru kills you because you were too pigheaded to see that Kakashi can’t protect
you, you’ll never do anything again,” she snapped. “Even if he was a good teacher he
wouldn’t be worth your life. Sasuke, I get that you attach to people, but we don’t have time
for this.”

I bit my lip on my first response. First, second - I had a whole range of them, ready to spill
out and accuse her of any number of failings I could hurt her with, and the only reason I
didn’t say them was because of the tired voice in the back of my head that reminded me I
wasn’t doing that anymore. The pause was long enough and awkward enough for her to get a
grip on her own temper, and it was at a much quieter volume that she moved on.

“We need to check in and report. Tsuki, Jiraiya should be -”

“I do have time for this,” I interrupted. My voice sounded strange to my ears, but I was
balancing too many other things to care. “If I didn’t, Orochimaru’d’ve already killed me.”

“It doesn’t have to be death to be bad,” Naruto pointed out. I shrugged, leaning forwards to
position Urushi as much as I could over my good arm, then remembered and redistributed his
weight across both. It was nothing like carrying a statue, as I’d half expected it to be; though
his skin and fur had less give than they should have they were a far cry from unyielding.
More like someone who’d tensed their muscles and put too much gel in their hair than
anything else, and his eyes were as sharply focussed as they’d ever been. Just. Not on
anything.

“Tell Kakashi I need him,” I told Pakkun, ignoring the others. I could’ve asked Naruto which
of the missions inside he’d already done and take whatever was left, but I could also not do
that. He stood with me when I stood up, and I could’ve seen if he’d come with me and leave
Sakura behind, but that felt unnecessarily cruel to both of them, so that was another thing I
could also not do.

I did hesitate though, thinking of Pakkun, and I didn’t want to be the sort of person who
lashed out and hurt other people when they were hurting, but - “Kakashi made you family,” I
said, not looking back over my shoulder. “That’s what the dog contract means. He gave you
everything he had.” I resettled Urushi, trying and failing to find a more comfortable way to
hold him. “It’s not his fault you wanted more.”

If she said anything to that, I didn’t hear it; I just blinked my sharingan on, focussed on the
edge of the treeline toward the Uchiha district, and left.



I didn’t mean to sleep. I hid Urushi in Itachi’s room - I wasn’t sure why, except that it was a
place I knew no one went - and spent the afternoon on the rooftops of the Suna compound
under several layers of henge and genjutsu.

It made sense at the time. I knew the security and knew that I’d got past it before, and I also
knew from the forest that I could hide from Karin’s chakra sense if I tried. I doubted anyone
would be able to notice me if she couldn’t. I had a vague notion of trying to lure Gaara out
like I’d inadvertently done the last time I’d broken in, if nothing else to ask if he was
avoiding me on purpose or if Suna were somehow keeping him from me. I didn’t; even if it
wasn’t too risky to summon him like that I needed to be afraid for him to pick up on it.

I wasn’t afraid. I wasn’t really anything. Tired, maybe.

I crouched in the same high corner he’d found me in before, staring down at a compound of
people who were almost certainly enemies, and felt weirdly distanced from everything to do
with them. My attempt to head off their betrayal, the way I’d cared about the invasion and
thought it was my job to do something about it just because I knew it was going to happen - it
seemed so small. Orochimaru had given me the perfect excuse to tell someone. I could claim
that he’d let it slip in an attempt to goad me into reacting, I could lie about what exactly he’d
said, there were any number of ways I could hide my own involvement. If I did that though…
Would it achieve anything? He had to know what information he was giving me. Maybe he
was trying to trace who I’d tell it to, track down how I’d known to impersonate an ANBU in
the first place - or maybe it was a test to see exactly how weak my loyalty to Konoha was.
Either way, the chances of me being able to do something with my knowledge were slim. It
hadn’t made a difference when I’d tried before.

I frowned, resettling myself to a new position to stop my ankles going numb, and idly sent
chakra to my clenched fist to watch the sparks when it got there. If I concentrated, I could see
how to smooth them out and form hand seals the usual way, but they came back as soon as I
got distracted again.

No, it had made a difference. Orochimaru took Hinata before he’d confronted us in the forest,
not after. The changes stemmed from my meeting Rasa - if nothing else I’d made him doubt
that his ambush was as secret as he needed it to be, and he’d abandoned the invasion because
of it. Driving him to war instead wasn’t what I’d meant to do but it was something.

“I think I’d rather it wasn’t,” I muttered. It took a while to cycle my chakra through to fire,
but when I did, the results were the same; as soon as it reached my left hand it wanted to
flicker out of my control and collect like static in my palm. Hot static. Not painfully, and it
didn’t leave any marks on my skin, but. Hot. “Actions having consequences sounds like a
problem for someone else. I don’t think I like that it happens to me.”

Urushi was where I’d left him, tucked between Itachi’s dresser and the wall. I tugged him out
carefully so as not to dispel the genjutsu and sat next to him, pulling my knees up so that the
moonlight through the window didn’t reach my feet. If anyone was looking for me, I didn’t
see them, but I’d stayed out later than I meant to before coming home. It was entirely
possible I’d missed them.

“I should get the futon out,” I said, tipping my head back against the wall. “Or eat something.
I don’t think I have any food though, I took it all to Naruto’s.” I tried to remember if I’d left
anything, got as far as probably tea, and gave up. “I’ll eat something in the morning,” I
compromised. “And check the timer seals for the fish. They’ll be fine for another night.”

The floor wasn’t that comfortable, but I didn’t particularly want to move. Or sleep. I was
tired, but not that sort of tired, and all I wanted to do was close my eyes to rest them from the
dryness that came with overusing sharingan-illusions, not think about anything, and wait for
the world to sort itself out without me.

I didn’t mean to sleep.

I woke up to a hand on my head, startling into wakefulness and fighting the instinctive urge
to tense up and hold my breath. It took me barely a second to be aware of my situation;
somehow I’d ended up curled on my side, nestled in against Urushi in a way that would make
it difficult to reach my weapons without giving my attacker time to respond. It was still night,
though I couldn’t tell what time exactly, and the slight chill suggested that someone had
opened a window for just long enough to drop through it and into the room. They were
leaning over me, too close for me to risk opening my eyes, but I could tell they were either
kneeling or crouching and it put them in a weaker position to -

“Kakashi,” I breathed, pushing myself up on my arms and scrambling to a sitting position. I
flicked my sharingan on, dark-eyes falling over it automatically, and though I checked for
obvious henge tells on instinct I already knew it was him. “You’re here. You came.”

He let his hand drop, rocking back on his heels. His headband was pushed up, and his usually
lazy expression had been replaced by a familiar watchful blankness. He didn’t show any
signs of exertion, but I could see the wear and sweat on his clothes, and there were faint
marks on his flak jacket and shoes that said he’d been running through the rain. There hadn’t
been any around Konoha for at least two days - wherever he’d run from, it wasn’t close.

“Where are the others?” he asked, and I paused my attempts to work out how far he’d come
in favour of answering him.

“I don’t know.” And, though he didn’t do anything so overt as frown at me, I headed off the
next question: “We had an argument, that’s all. Nothing’s wrong with them.”

“You shouldn’t be alone. What happened?”

They thought you’d abandoned us but they were wrong. The thought was accompanied by a
combination of relief and the particular satisfaction that comes with being proven right, but
he wasn’t asking about that. “Sakura and I were doing a d-rank outside the hospital,” I said,
falling into the familiar rhythm of a mission report. “We were behind the eastern buildings,
not visible from the street. Urushi was with us but otherwise we were alone; Bisuke was
tracking Naruto. I don't know where Shiba was. Sakura left on an errand, and Orochimaru
approached me. He -” I faltered, looking over at Urushi at not sure how to explain. “He did
something to the dogs. I'm not sure what, I couldn’t see or hear any sign of a jutsu when he
got Urushi. Pakkun said Shiba and Bisuke unsummoned themselves to escape it, but Urushi
couldn’t. His condition seems stable, but…” I paused, waiting for Kakashi to say something.
He didn’t. I took a breath, and continued.

“Orochimaru implied that he’d been watching me. He didn’t say how he was able to get in
and out of the village, but he hinted that the Kazekage was an ally. And - Kabuto.” Would
that be enough to identify him? Were there multiple Kabutos in the village? I couldn’t
remember his first name. “The genin, Orochimaru said he was one of his. He was satisfied
that Jiraiya hadn’t been able to remove the seal on my arm, and removed it himself without
giving me an option to refuse.” My mouth was dry, and it was an effort not to swallow. I was
being - technically - entirely truthful in my recounting, and if I could have dumped
everything on Kakashi verbatim I would’ve done, but there were still too many details I
couldn’t let him know. Even mentioning the Kazekage felt like a risk, but Suna’s betrayal was
too important for me not to take it. “When he left, it was on the understanding that he could
come back at any time, and I think… I’m almost certain that he knows I activated my eyes
and is waiting for a more convenient opportunity to take them. Me. He isn’t trying to just
steal the sharingan anymore, he wants me as well.”
He was silent after I’d finished. There were obvious questions - why approach at all if he
hadn’t planned to kidnap me just then, why change from only wanting my eyes to wanting
me, why heal my arm - but what he finally asked was, “What did you argue about?”

I blinked. “With Naruto and Sakura? Um, they thought I should go to Jiraiya.”

“Why didn’t you?”

“Because I -” I stopped. It sounded childish, and I backtracked to justify it. “They knew
Orochimaru had been there, I assumed they’d make the village aware of the security breach.
And if Orochimaru was going to do something to me today he’d’ve already done it, I wasn’t
in danger by myself. And because…” My voice went small. “He isn't you.”

If he had a reaction to that he didn’t show it, expression rigidly controlled. I looked away,
knowing exactly what he must be thinking, but without explaining everything else I couldn’t
make him see how much it mattered that I didn’t replace him with someone else.

Except apparently I didn’t know what he was thinking, because his next question was, “Did
Orochimaru give you reason to doubt Jiraiya?”

I shook my head, confused.

“Did he tell you specifically to call me?”

“No?”

“Could he have known that that’s what you would do even without being instructed?”

“I don’t take instructions from people who threaten me,” I half-said half-snapped, unsettled
both by his questions and the weirdly professional way he was phrasing them. But, if I was
honest… “Maybe,” I admitted. It depended when he was listening, but if he had overheard us
disagreeing about whether we should take Jiraiya as a sensei or not, and if that had been part
of why he’d approached me when he did - my blood ran cold. “He wanted you to come.”
Kakashi was one of the village’s best ninja, and if I put aside my own crisis and stepped back
to think of the damn war we were all in, then of course it was obvious that he’d been
reassigned. Running night patrols - don’t be so stupid. Why had I ever - god.

I pressed my eyes shut against the bitter idiocy of it all. “Sharingan no Kakashi never
abandons a teammate,” I said hoarsely. “Even if they’re a dumb genin who can’t see they’re
in a trap that’s nothing to do with them. I made you throw your mission.”

Another pause, another heavy silence, and I wasn’t sure if I hated it more or hated me. I’d
been so concerned with myself that the only risk I’d seen was Orochimaru making the village
doubt my loyalty. I’d been so caught up in the fact that I didn’t care about the village that I’d
forgotten that other people did. It might not be my job to single handedly stop the war with
the benefit of shaky and unreliable foreknowledge, but at the very least it could be my job not
to interfere and get other people killed.
Kakashi shifted his weight. “Don’t worry about the mission. My choices aren’t your
responsibility, and I’m not that easy to manipulate.”

“But -”

“And,” he continued over me, his voice turning sharper. “Don’t make the mistake of
assuming people only do things for one reason. It may have been a trap. Whether it was or
wasn’t, it was certainly to do with you, and in response to that, your priority should have
been to go to Jiraiya.”

I shrank back. I got it. I felt miserable, and behind that, the beginnings of resentful. Nothing I
did was objectively wrong. Jiraiya, maybe, but he still wasn’t our teacher. Kakashi never said
he was out of reach and shouldn’t be contacted, how could it be my fault for wanting my
sensei when someone had casually choked me, talked about remaking me like I wasn’t even a
person, threatened me with nowhere to hide even if I left the village and went on the run - if I
was still a puppy like Pakkun said, why was no one allowing me to act like one?

I was still looking down so I didn’t see Kakashi reach for me, but I felt his hand on my head
again and shook it off. “Urushi’s hurt,” I told the floor. “You need to help him.”

“I -” He stopped, changed his mind about what he was going to say, then started again. “Have
you changed your clothes?”

“No.”

“Can I check you for tracking devices?”

“I did earlier. I couldn’t find any.” I made a frustrated sound, then amended, “I can’t see the
back of my neck, there could be a seal there.” There wasn’t on my shoulder, where he’d
tapped it looking for the ANBU seal, but he could easily have put one on my neck under the
guise of holding me in place, and I turned around and lifted my hair so Kakashi could see. He
ran his fingers over it lightly, a faint tingling against my skin that I assumed was his chakra,
and then up through my hair to check my scalp.

“Clean,” he said, but though he lowered his hand he seemed reluctant to move away. “Why
don’t you want to go to Jiraiya?”

“I told you. He’s not you.” He was quiet, and though I didn’t mean to, I kept talking. “The
others want him to be our new sensei.”

“I know.”

“You know?” I turned to him, blinking in surprise. “If you know, then why -”

“Jiraiya will make a good sensei,” he said, meeting my eyes only briefly before shifting his
gaze to Urushi. At some point he’d slipped his headband down, but now he lifted it again and
moved to kneel in front of him, tilting his head and frowning as he studied him with the
sharingan. “Don’t be so quick to dismiss him, he’s a lot more than he lets people see.”

“But he’s -” not you.
I stopped.

I’d thought at the time that it was suspiciously convenient how Pakkun’s too-slow jog had
taken us past the baths. And how he’d not interfered as we tried to track Jiraiya down, almost
as though he knew it was a test, and how quiet he’d kept whenever Kakashi came up in
conversation.

“You’re trying to get rid of us.” It didn’t line up. It couldn’t line up, how could Kakashi care
enough to come now, but at the same time dump us on someone else and not even - “You’re
trying to push us into getting rid of you,” I corrected, leaning back as though trying
subconsciously to distance myself from the conversation.

“There’s a difference between being able to kill people and being able to teach them,”
Kakashi said. He was still focussed on Urushi, almost too focussed on Urushi, but the
tenseness he held himself with was entirely secondary to the bullshit he was spouting and I
ignored it. “You’ll be better with Jiraiya. All three of you will, but you in particular, Sasuke.
You need someone you can rely on.”

“I thought I could rely on you,” I spat, then shook my head and regained my grip on my
temper. “I can rely on you. I don’t need anyone else.”

“You’ll be better with Jiraiya,” he repeated. He flashed through a few hand seals, then tried
again and sat back on his heels when nothing happened. “Pakkun said Urushi had been
asking for human food.”

“Don’t change the subject -”

“Did you give him blood?”

“I - what?”

He turned to me, the forced-calm tone of his voice at odds with the way he was blatantly
avoiding the other half of the conversation. “Something’s anchoring him here. It’s not me.
Food would do part of it, but not enough to hold him this tightly.”

I went to deny it, then glanced down at my hand, remembering. “I scraped my palm on a
wall,” I said hesitantly. “But it was a tiny bit, he just licked it.”

It was enough, apparently, for Kakashi to suppress a frown and shift himself more fully to
face me. “A tiny bit might be enough. Copy these, and think of Urushi.”

And then go back to the part where you kicked us to the curb and hadn’t been bothered to tell
us, I thought mulishly, but for Urushi I bit my tongue. The hand seals were straightforward,
and thankfully the chakra for it was plain yin and yang, no water or fire - it wasn’t easy to
channel it through my left hand but it didn’t produce as many sparks as elemental chakra
would.

I pressed the last seal flat on the floor, mimicking Kakashi, and though I held my breath and
braced myself I didn’t actually feel anything. No sudden drain on my reserves, no existing
drain cutting off - nothing. Just the faintest flare of smoke against my side as Urushi
disappeared.

“That’s it?” I asked, staring at the empty space and feeling oddly cheated.

“The jutsu won’t follow him to the summon realm,” Kakashi confirmed, already shifting his
weight back to stand up. “He’ll need a break before being called again - though if
Orochimaru knows techniques that work against summons, it might be wiser to ask Jiraiya
for a toad. Snakes are stronger than dogs.”

“They’re stronger than toads as well,” I said dumbly, still staring as though Urushi would
come back, before my brain caught up to the fact that he was walking away. “Wait. Kakashi -
wait.”

He didn’t, just glanced back at me over his shoulder and then looked forward again, reaching
for the window to open it. I scrambled after him, grabbing his sleeve with my chakra arm
when my physical ones were too short. “Wait,” I repeated, digging my heels in. “Don’t go.
Kakashi, please.”

He stopped. From this angle, I couldn’t see his face, but his head was tilted forwards. “Jiraiya
will be better for you,” he said, stubbornly, woodenly. “He’s a better teacher, he can help you
understand -”

“I don’t care about that stuff. I care about you.” I caught up the extra two steps and replaced
chakra fingers with real ones, latching them onto the fabric of his shirt and refusing to let him
go. “I thought those who abandoned their teammates were less than trash.” I thought
Kakashi’s commitment to his team was trustworthy. I thought Kakashi was trustworthy, I
thought I knew him - but if it wasn’t, if he wasn’t, if I didn’t, then what?

He’d never been there. Wasn’t that the problem? He supervised d-ranks from across the
village. He took himself off and ran the mission alone in Wave, he pushed us to Asuma every
chance he got. He left us with the dogs and went to fight in a war rather than stay when we
needed him. Where did I get the idea - was it because of the story?

No. No, it wasn’t, it couldn’t have been. He ran the mission alone in Wave for us, to protect
us; he taught us more than canon-Sasuke’s Kakashi ever taught him, he made me a jutsu. And
Tsuki, and he was here now, wasn’t he? He came back, so why was he going -

But if it was the story, the insidious voice said, then the Kakashi who always went back for
his team would be a lie, and the Kakashi that was leaving now would be the truth. So many
people were different in so many ways; hadn’t I been thinking earlier that my Naruto was so
much quieter and more serious than the obnoxious loudmouth he’d used to be? And if Naruto
was different and Kakashi was different, if I couldn’t rely on even Kakashi to keep me safe,
then -

This is nothing to do with Itachi, I thought with a flash of anger, and dug my fingers in
further to Kakashi’s arm. “Those who abandon their teammates are less than trash,” I said
again, stronger and with an edge of gritted teeth. “You taught me that, you don’t get to turn
around and ignore it when it doesn’t suit you anymore.”
“I’m not ignoring it,” he said quietly. Defeatedly, and how dare he. How dare he. “I’m just
accepting something I should’ve already known.”

“Fuck your acceptance,” I snarled. “You don’t get to - this isn’t something you have to
accept. This is something you’re choosing. All the options open to you and you’re choosing
the one that hurts me and you don’t get to do that.”

“I’m choosing the one that helps you.” He made a frustrated sound of his own, his blankness
finally cracking. “I should never have been given a team in the first place, I’m just fixing a
mistake.”

“A mis - you piece of - move.” I pushed at his side, jabbing in with my elbow to try and force
him to step back. When that didn’t work I moved round in front of him instead, bodily
putting myself between him and his way out, and glared up at him. “You’re a shit teacher,” I
accused him. “You don’t make sense and you leave all the hard work to other people and you
pull stupid crap like this and you’re shit.”

“Believe me,” he said tightly, “I’m aware.”

“But you’re also my teacher and I don’t care if you’re happy to be less than trash and, and
fucking wallow in how unfair everything is and how your life sucks, that’s not how it works
and if I’m not allowed to do that then you aren’t and you can’t -” I broke off, my breaths
getting too ragged to fit between my words, and tried unsuccessfully to shove him back into
the room. “I won’t let you,” I finished. “You can’t abandon me because I won’t abandon you.
I won’t let you.”

He stared back at me, both eyes wide and headband still pushed up from earlier, and I set my
jaw and scowled back.

“Why?”

I scowled harder. “Because you’re an idiot. You thought I’d want to get rid of you because
you screwed up. Who does that. Ass people. You’re an ass.” I stepped forward, this time
pressing my shoulder against his stomach and using the wall behind me as leverage to try to
get him to move. It still didn’t work, but he did lift his hands and hold my upper arms. Not
hard enough to stop me pushing, but almost uncertainly, like he didn’t know what I was
doing and couldn’t work out how to make me stop.

Dick. It was pissing obvious what I was doing, I was trying to get him away from the window
so he wouldn’t run away.

“I have to get back to my mission.”

“You said it was under control.”

“I assumed I wouldn’t be long.”

I growled wordlessly and gave up on pushing, going instead for a headbutt and aiming
purposefully for his solar plexus to make it hurt. “Fine,” I bit out. “I’m coming with you
then.”

“Sasuke -”

“Orochimaru can get in the village any time. It’s not safe. I don’t want him to remake me,
you don’t want to stay here with me, we both go on your mission. It’s fine.” I emphasised that
with a second headbutt and this time he caught me, his palm surprisingly warm against my
forehead and his other hand curving up round the back of my head to keep me from drawing
back for another attempt.

“Sasuke, stop.”

“No.”

“What about Naruto and Sakura?”

“What about them?” His fingers moved up into my hairline, threading through my fringe and
pushing it out of my face. I made an annoyed sound when they caught on a knot and turned
my head to a better angle. “They can come too, if they want,” I relented. “Or they can stay
with the coward man. They like the coward man.”

“The coward man?”

His fingers ran out of hair and he brought them back to the front, carding through again and
being careful this time to avoid tangles. “Coward man,” I agreed, temper warily subsiding
now that he wasn’t trying to leave. “It’s Jiraiya. Tsuki named him.” I frowned at that, a
thought occurring to me. “Why did you give Sakura Tsuki if you didn’t want to stay?”

He took a while to answer. It was long enough that I’d let the tension all but drain out of me,
the stress of the day combining with the soothing motion of his hand over my head and
reminding me that I was tired and had barely slept.

“It didn’t seem fair to the dogs,” he said. His voice was quiet. Distracted, maybe. “No one
else has their contract.”

I wrinkled my nose, trying to work through that, then gave it up as something for morning-
me to handle and focussed instead on subtly leaning all my weight on Kakashi until he’d
overbalance backwards and not be able to go.

He stiffened suddenly, his hand freezing in my hair. I blinked as I looked up, frowning
questioningly at him as he stepped back and bit his thumb.

“Pakkun,” he said, as soon as he’d finished the summoning and the pug had appeared. “What
-”

“Call Urushi,” Pakkun interrupted.

“He needs to heal. The damage from the jutsu -”

“He needs to get out of the summon world. Call him. Now.”
  Kakashi cursed, reaching for his scroll again. I hovered, wanting to ask what was wrong but
  able to see that both of them were too focussed for questions. Kakashi flew through the seals,
  slamming his hand into the back of the scroll - and nothing. Pakkun growled, head swinging
  round to fix on me.

  “How much did you feed him?” he demanded.

  “Some? I don’t know, just bits -”

  “Blood,” Kakashi said. “She cut her hand, he got it from that.”

  “Puppies,” Pakkun huffed with a violent shake of his head. He seemed to sway for a second,
  shifting his weight from foot to foot with his head cocked and listening to something we
  couldn’t hear. “Pup,” he said, turning to me, but Kakashi moved to block him.

  “There isn’t time for a contract,” he said.

  Pakkun growled, side stepping him. “Then do it without.”

  “Do what without a contract?” I asked, looking between them. “What happened to Urushi?”

  Pakkun was the one to answer. “You tied him to the human realm,” he said bluntly. “The
  summon realm is killing him. Call him back, or he dies.”

  I blanched. My hands twitched, already moving to the first seal I’d seen Kakashi and Sakura
  use countless times before. Kakakshi caught them, holding them still.

  “Wait,” he instructed tightly, the expression on his face doing very little to hide how much he
  didn't like the situation. I could practically see him making and discarding alternative plans,
  but it was barely a few seconds later that he cursed under his breath and accepted it. “No
  contract means no protection,” he said, holding my gaze to make me understand. “Be careful,
  stay close. Do it with me.”

  “Do it fast,” Pakkun added. I nodded to both of them and reached for a shuriken - my teeth
  were too blunt to draw blood by themselves. Kakashi led me through the seals like he’d done
  before; I subconsciously noted the differences between these to summon Urushi and the
  earlier ones I’d done to unsummon him, and slammed my bloody hand on the floor.



Chapter End Notes



    Day 1 of Kakashi pestering Pakkun for puppy updates: Sasuke’s a girl? Time to
    overanalyse everything I’ve ever said to her and conclude she hates me.
    Day 4: Naruto doesn’t think I’m a banana. Why would I be a banana. What is the
    significance of banana, and does it mean he hates me.
    Day 7: Jiraiya’s been deliberately pissing Naruto off in training for days now and he
    hasn’t sicced the kyuubi on him once. Naruto definitely hates me.
Day lost count: Do I think Sakura’s too blunt for seals because I’m a bad teacher who
hinders her progress or do I think she’s too blunt for seals because she charges things
head on and favours strength over subtlety: a dissertation
Day several after that: Sakura thinks I can't handle the team. Sakura is correct. Sakura
hates me.
The same day as that, but now at two in the morning: Sasuke… doesn’t hate me? She
makes no sense
                                       Chapter 37: War arc: IV
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   It felt like flying. Like drowning, if you could drown in a sky and laugh through it. I was light
   headed, giddy; I was diving through a river made of glowing threads, and unspooling myself
   to weave among them as I went. Every part of me that connected to it felt ridiculously,
   painfully alive, fizzing against my skin, skittering over me in bursts of colour or blasting
   through me and leaving ice crystals in its wake. I stretched forwards through the endless
   everything and when I reached my limit I’d covered such a small part that I started taking
   myself apart to go further.

   White chakra stopped me. It curved over me in an immovable barrier, and I flattened myself
   to the edges and tried to search for cracks to get past it. There were none. Lightning crackled
   from it, corralling me into place; I fought it, unravelling as fast as it built me back up, but I
   couldn’t get free. Slowly, achingly, it herded me back and surrounded me until there was no
   space left to escape, and when it had done that it went further, twisting itself so tightly around
   me that it forced me together into a single piece.

   Urushi, it said. Urushi.

   Well. Ok, if that’s what it wanted. I thought of his fur, warm under my fingers; I thought of
   the weight of him curled up on the end of the bed. The way it felt when he leant back against
   my shins, the roughness of his tongue as he licked my face - beyond the lightning barrier,
   some of the threads started to swell. If we were in a river, then it forked down the new path
   they laid out, flaring almost painfully bright to show me the way. With the current tugging me
   towards him and the threads leading me where I needed to go, I went.

   No, the lightning insisted, pulling me closer again.

   “Urushi,” I insisted back, straining against it as I tried to follow the threads. Escaping it was
   as impossible as it was before, except this time the lightning wasn’t just holding me. It
   dragged me back - or sideways, or down, directions didn’t mean much when you had nothing
   to compare them to - out of the chakra that surrounded us, away from the life and the light
   and all the myriad possibilities collapsing around us and no matter how desperately I reached
   for them the threads snapped one by one -

   When it stopped, I was in an empty place. Dark, but a strange kind of grey-dark, as though
   everything was visible even though there was no light. Too quiet. No heartbeat, no breathing;
   no chakra. No lightning. The bubbling energy of the threads drained out of me, and without it
   to distract me I was left with the horrible realisation that I was alone.

   “Kakashi?”

   No answer.
“Urushi?”

No answer.

Should I walk? There was nothing to indicate a direction. If I walked, something told me I’d
walk for a long time. I flicked my sharingan on to check -

“Kakashi.” He was in front of me, hands on my shoulders, mouthing my name and I was so
damn relieved that it didn’t register at first that I couldn’t feel or hear him. “Where are we?
Where were we?”

He frowned. He didn’t let go of me, but took a hand off my shoulder and switched to mission
sign language, exaggerating each movement so the meaning was still clear with one hand.

Summons now. Between before.

I blinked, then looked around at the blank nothingness again. “I thought the summon realm
would have more stuff in it.”

He waved to get my attention, then signed a word I didn’t recognise. He repeated it, adding
partner summon at the end.

“Urushi? He was up in the - um, the between.”

Here, Kakashi signed, and I shook my head.

“No. He’s not here. He can’t be here, he’s alive and this is -” I stumbled over the words.
What? This is what?

Here, Kakashi repeated, moving in front of me again when I didn’t immediately respond. He
tried to pick my hand up but he passed through it as though he didn’t exist - as though I didn’t
exist - and when his grip tightened on my shoulder in worry I couldn’t feel that either. His
eyes flicked to the side, and he said something to someone I couldn’t see; if his mask wasn’t
in the way I could have tried to read it but as it was I got nothing.

“We shouldn’t be here. Kakashi, we have to go.”

He looked back at me, and shook his head. Down, he signed, making a motion to press on my
shoulder.

“Kakashi, we have to -”

Down.

I bit my lip, but knelt down, keeping my gaze fixed on him. He held his hand out and I
copied him, reaching out blindly through the air. I almost startled when my fingers brushed
against something, then did startle as Urushi appeared in front of me, lying on his side and
thumping his tail in a weak but steady rhythm against the ground.
“Urushi,” I breathed, gripping onto him on instinct. He whined, lifting his head towards me -
I heard it. I heard it, and his tail, the blood in my ears, all the faint background static of
existence. And words; Kakashi’s words. He was standing rigidly in front of us and speaking
to someone I couldn’t see.

“ - got them both,” he was saying, one hand on my shoulder and the other on Urushi’s side.
He lifted the hand off Urushi just long enough to sign at me - with me, stay with me - but
didn’t stop talking as he did. “I need you to pull us. Sasuke got caught in the barrier, I thought
she hadn’t made it through -”

I stilled, not sure I was meant to hear that, but the world dissolved in a flash of electric white
before I could say anything. It was the same lightning that had pulled me out of the - the
between? The barrier? - but so obviously Kakashi that it seemed impossible I hadn’t
recognised it before. This time though he stuck closer, almost smothering us; I caught the
barest glimpse of the glowing threads, saw one of them pulse white and stretch up, dragging
us forward and out - and reality returned in a heavy rush of physical form.

I staggered. Itachi’s bedroom was both much darker than the chakra river and much brighter
than the grey place, and far, far louder than both. Pakkun’s nails against the floor, the slight
breeze outside the window, Urushi pushing himself to his feet and crowding close with a
happy whuff, all of it. Just. Sound.

“Look at me,” Kakashi demanded, grabbing my chin and turning my head towards him in
case I couldn’t hear. I blinked and looked. The white chakra was gone, but his sharingan was
still open, darting over my face in jerky movements.

“I’m good,” I promised him. “All here. Still me.” I even flared my chakra to demonstrate,
barely enough to power a jutsu but enough for him to feel it. He held my gaze for a moment
longer then nodded, letting me go and moving back to give me space.

Not that I had space for long. Urushi wriggled himself under my arm, standing up with his
paws on my chest until I slid down the wall to the floor to hug him properly. He didn’t seem
hurt - if anything, he seemed to be more lively rather than less, ears up and eyes bright as he
climbed over me. I grinned at him, putting aside the last of my dazed reaction to the
summoning, and turned to Kakashi and Pakkun. “Is that it? Did it work?”

“It worked,” Kakashi agreed. In contrast to me and Urushi, he looked exhausted, slumping
back and pulling his headband down over his eye. The questions I’d been going to ask - is
that how summoning always was, what was the grey place and why did I feel like I knew it,
what did he mean caught in the barrier and hadn’t made it through - died in my mouth as I
hesitated, torn between wanting to know and wanting to give him chance to recover.

Pakkun, on the other hand, did not hesitate. He marched up to us and delivered an angry kick
with both back legs to Urushi’s thigh. I doubted it hurt much - he was less than half Urushi’s
size - but his scowl more than made up for it. “Don’t take advantage of the puppies not
knowing better,” he said, glaring up at Urushi. “They’re hard enough to raise right as it is.”

“It’s not his fault,” I protested automatically. “I was the one who fed him.”
Pakkun transferred his scowl to me. “It was entirely his fault. Don’t make excuses for people.
The food wasn’t even the problem, it’s just an energy boost.” His lip curled in disgust and he
stamped his feet like he wanted to kick someone again. “Except when it’s in the mouth of a
weak-willed idiot of a dog, then it’s an addictive, self-destructive high.”

Urushi barked, lifting his head from where he was sprawled across my lap and flattening his
ears back against his skull.

“That was exactly what you did, and when that wasn’t enough you went for the damn blood
for more -”

Urushi cut him off with another bark, louder this time and trailing off into a plaintive whine.
He pushed himself to his feet, backing up until he was pressed against my chest with his tail
tucked in and twitching agitatedly in place. When he didn’t get the response he wanted he
whined again and turned to Kakashi, looking between him and Pakkun with the stubborn
insistence of someone who didn’t think they'd done anything wrong.

I desperately wanted to ask what he was saying. I didn’t, but it must’ve shown on my face;
Pakkun caught my eye, then shook his head, his expression gentling. A bit. He still looked
frustrated. “Leave it, Pup,” he advised. “Sometimes other people do stupid things too. You’ve
enough trouble without borrowing more.”

I wrinkled my nose. If he was trying to say I shouldn’t blame myself then I appreciated the
sentiment, but on the other hand I was worried for Urushi and felt intrinsically involved with
whatever this trouble was. And curious. Now that no one seemed at risk of dying, I was
really, really curious.

Kakashi opened his eye, looked at me, then down at Urushi and away again.

“Puppies stay with the pack,” he translated. “He wasn’t chasing a high, he was making sure
you weren’t alone.”

...Oh.

I blinked. My breath felt funny. It didn’t catch, but it felt heavy, and my hands tightened in
Urushi’s fur when I turned to him for confirmation. He tilted his head hopefully, tail lifting in
the beginnings of a wag.

“Oh,” I repeated, this time outloud. Inanely, my thoughts supplied: that was nice of him.

I shook myself, turning back to the others and trying to focus. “So he’s not addicted? He’s
fine, summoning him worked, we’re all good?”

I’d asked Kakashi, but it was Pakkun who answered. “He might not be addicted.” Urushi’s
tail picked up into a full wag, and he dipped his head towards Pakkun. It was clear he didn’t
think there was a problem, but Pakkun shot him a sour look and remained dubious. “Might.
Either way, he’s stuck in the human realm. Probably best that you are too, Pup. At least for
now. You got too close, it would be dangerous to go back.”
I thought of the grey place and shuddered. “I wasn’t planning on it,” I muttered. Then, at a
more audible volume, “Too close to what? The river, the barrier thing - what was it?”

Kakashi made an unhappy noise, opening his eyes again and rejoining the conversation.
“Chakra,” he said. “Raw chakra between the summon realm and ours. It looks like a
thunderstorm to me.” He shook his head a fraction. “It shouldn’t have been clear enough to
look like anything. Contracts form pathways through it, most people don’t even know it’s
there. Those that do tend to get lost in it and never make it back.”

I blinked. I could see how it would be easy to get distracted and forget yourself among the
threads, but lost? “It showed us the way though,” I protested. “When I thought of Urushi it
tried to take us to him, and when you told Pakkun to pull us back there was a thread to show
us that as well. If we were going to get lost it’d be in the summon realm, wouldn’t it?”

His gaze sharpened. “A few people have navigated through the barrier by themselves,” he
allowed carefully. “Very few. The first summons and the first summoners, before the paths
were built. A lot more have died trying. You almost -” he cut himself off. When he started
again, it was quieter. “Promise me you won’t go back. Not with me, not by yourself, not even
with a contract. If Urushi’s ever able to move between realms again I’ll teach you how to call
him, but only if you stay in this world and let him come to you.”

“I promise,” I said, taken aback. “I really wasn’t planning on it. I just wanted to know.”

“Even if it means you can’t sign with another summon? You can call someone from this
world, but you have to travel to their’s the first time you meet them. This isn’t a promise I’m
asking lightly, Sasuke.”

I hesitated. As popular as summons were in people’s minds, only a fraction of shinobi ever
worked with them. I wouldn’t be at a disadvantage if I didn’t. I’d never planned to be a
summoner - if Orochimaru was trying to give me snakes, or wolves, or whatever else he
deemed suitable then I didn’t want to be a summoner - but.

The cats. Even if they didn’t sign the contract, every Uchiha proved themselves to the cats by
collecting their paw prints. It… was a big thing to give up.

Urushi lay down over my legs, nosing at my hand. I moved it to rest on top of his head,
tentatively at first, then more firmly as I decided.

“It doesn’t matter,” I said. “Even if it means I can’t go back, I’m glad I went.” I looked up,
holding Kakashi’s gaze. The cats were a big thing to give up, but they weren’t here right now.
They hadn’t almost died because they’d taken a stupid risk to be able to stay with me no
matter what, they didn’t get a say. “I’d rather have Urushi than another summon anyway.”

He nodded slowly, accepting my answer, though his face was unreadable enough that I didn’t
know what he thought of it. Pakkun snorted, breaking the tension and climbing stubbornly
over Urushi to claim an unoccupied spot halfway up my chest.

“Puppies stay with the pack,” he concluded, sounding satisfied, and accidentally on purpose
stood on Urushi’s ear as he went past. “I’m still mad at you,” he told the other dog. “You’re
getting downgraded to puppy too.”

Urushi whuffed a denial.

“Then act like one. And don’t scare people like that. It’s rude.” Then to me, “Arms, Pup. You
need to hold me or I’ll fall. If you hold me right you can stroke my tummy with your other
hand, it’ll make everyone feel better.”

                                              ___

Interlude: Confused former (?) sensei of Team Seven and grumpy, too-easily attached current
(?) sensei of Team Seven

“... I thought you were on a mission.”

“I was.”

Jiraiya considered, for half a second, the merits of maintaining some semblance of a poker
face. He then reasoned that Kakashi wouldn’t understand emotions if he narrated them with
subtitles, and gave into the urge to dig his thumbs into his temples and grimace. Neither
action helped.

“Where is Sasuke?”

“Safe. I’m with her; this is a clone.”

“Yes, thank you, I noticed.” Did no one respect the sannin title any more. He needed a sake.

“She wants me to take her with me.”

He did not need a sake. He needed a distillery. “To your mission,” he clarified. “In a
warzone.” And, when Kakashi only stared back at him, he added with a somewhat
incredulous mix of exasperation and despair, “She’s a genin.”

“I won’t let her fight. She’ll be safer outside the village. Orochimaru -”

“I am well aware of what Orochimaru did. God knows where your other two kids got their
brains from because it clearly wasn’t from you, but at least they have sense.” He shook his
head, turning away from Kakashi. Kakashi didn’t say anything so trite as then you know I’m
right, or even anything so overt as the war is a cover and for all we know the sharingan is
Orochimaru’s real goal - thankfully, because Jiraiya honestly wasn’t sure how he’d’ve
reacted if he did.

It was blatantly obvious that the war was a cover. If Orochimaru wanted a byakugan, he’d
take one with far less fuss than he’d caused over the Hyuuga heiress. Jiraiya’s personal theory
was that Orochimaru was still bitter over the way he’d been outed as an obsessive sociopath
and barred from the village, but that might be because Jiraiya himself was still bitter about it.

They were ninja. Obsessive sociopathy was practically encouraged. Why the hell did
Orochimaru have to take it so damn far.
But; as tempting as it was to label the whole thing as a crusade for vengeance, Jiraiya knew
Orochimaru well enough to look for something more self-serving than that. So did Sarutobi-
sensei, and if the sharingan was what Orochimaru was after, then it only made it more
important to keep him away from it. Hell, maybe the sharingan was a feint and the byakugan
was what he’d wanted all along. Jiraiya didn’t believe that and he highly doubted Kakashi did
either - but he spent enough time debating details with the Hokage. He didn’t need to go over
it when he was meant to be sleeping as well.

Thankfully, Kakashi didn’t bring it up. “Orochimaru named two traitors,” he said. “A genin -
Kabuto Yakushi, Naruto fought him in the exam - and the Kazekage.” Jiraiya retracted his
thanks. He’d rather discuss his ex-team mate’s reasons for hating the village that banished
him than deal with this.

He closed his eyes, gave himself one short second to curse everyone’s existence, then settled
into business. “Kabuto’s in custody. The Yamanaka kid reported him to her dad after the
preliminaries and his story didn’t hold up to investigation.” He paused, considered that
Orochimaru had been in the village, and amended. “Kabuto was in custody as of this
morning.” He hadn’t heard otherwise but though they’d suspected he was a traitor they hadn’t
known he was Sound’s, and he made a mental note to double check. “As for the Kazekage…
We had suspicions. For Orochimaru to confirm them means either that our suspicions are
wrong and he’s trying to separate us from our allies, or that our suspicions are right but that it
doesn’t affect his plans either way for us to know.” Or that he was trying to gain Sasuke’s
trust; proving yourself an honest source of information was one of the oldest recruitment
tactics in the book, and Sasuke’s friendship with Suna’s jinchuuriki was a potentially
dangerous connection he could be pulling on.

He hesitated, but in the end he had to ask. “How loyal is she?” Kakashi stiffened, and Jiraiya
hid his frustration and pressed, “Could Orochimaru -”

“She said I wouldn’t be able to abandon her because she would refuse to abandon me,”
Kakashi interrupted, his words clipped and flatly even. “Her loyalty is not in question.”

The conversation was rapidly slipping away, but Jiraiya held on. He wasn’t accusing Sasuke,
but he’d been a spymaster for long enough that he had to at least consider it - and much as he
didn’t blame her for it, her background made her vulnerable. “She didn’t report the intrusion.
She vanished - whether she was in the village or not, the fact that we lost track of her is cause
for concern by itself. Orochimaru is persuasive when he wants to be. I don’t doubt that
Sasuke cares about you, but that’s -”

“Her loyalty is not in question,” Kakashi repeated with cold finality, and with a single hand
seal, the clone dispersed.

                                               ___

I didn’t mean to sleep again. I did though, and next time I woke it was to Kakashi presenting
me with a flask of tea and a paper-wrapped steamed bun. I drank the tea, but hesitated over
the bun. They were usually filled with pork.

“Eat,” he said. “It’s bean paste. You need the energy.”
“I’m eating,” I mumbled, unwrapping it. “I was just wondering where you got it. It’s dawn,
nowhere’s open.” He didn’t answer that, just handed me another as soon as my hand was free.

“You need the energy,” he insisted when I went to shake my head. “We’ve got a long way to
run.”

“I’m coming with you?” I blurted, scrambling forward off the bed to stand next to him. I had
a second of disorientation to think bed, why bed, why was I in a bed before I realised that
unless you knew I slept in the kitchen, the bed was the obvious place for Kakashi to have put
me if I fell asleep on him. Far more important than trying to work out if he’d read anything
into it being Itachi’s bed was the fact that he’d actually agreed to my heat of the moment
suggestion last night, and I barely restrained myself from risking indigestion with how fast I
ate the other bun.

“We’re tracking,” he explained as I washed my face in the sink. I hadn’t put the hot water on
last night and a full shower felt like too much of a delay, so I stuck my head under the tap and
decided to live with the tangles I caused in the process. “Sound’s strike teams are able to
move undetected around Fire Country, and the only evidence we have is from the places they
attack. If we can follow the trail from one of the outposts they hit we should be able to find
either them or the method they’re using to travel around.”

“Should?”

He raised an eyebrow at me. “Konoha beats Sound in both quality and quantity of ninja.
Their stealth is the only thing keeping them alive; any trail we find is as likely to lead to a
trap as anything else.”

I hastily suppressed my reaction to that. Given that it went along the lines of finally, someone
who remembers that ninjas are meant to be sneaky, that was probably a good thing.

In total, it took me only a few minutes to go from waking up to having everything ready for
an out of village mission of unknown length. It was a different sort of readiness to what I’d
had before when we went to Wave; I had no mission pack with carefully hidden fruit leather
or extra pairs of socks, no crisis of faith debating with Plushie-tan whether the extra blanket
for the sleeping roll would be a sign of weakness or not, no time to sort things into neat little
piles and choose the best from each of them. What I had were the essentials, fitted into
assorted pockets and weapon pouches and kept stocked in advance for emergency missions
exactly like these. Other than the weight of shuriken at my hip the heaviest thing I carried
was my water, and even that I was expecting to refill multiple times from rivers and streams
on the way.

Even so, Kakashi didn’t seem anxious to rush our departure, and checked through my
equipment while I grabbed the fish food and reset their feeder at the pond. He followed me
out while I was halfway through elbowing Urushi aside so I could get at the timer seal, and
handed me back the pouch with a curious expression.

“I didn’t know you had fish.”
“Yeah,” I said distractedly. “Some of them were my parents’, but I rescued the others from
around the compound. They got left behind when everyone died.” I snapped the lid shut over
the container for the koi pellets and stood up, tapping the seal once as I did so to activate it.
Fish fed, me fed, I hadn’t seen Kakashi eat but I assumed he’d had something before I woke
up, and now with a sensei-approved weapon pouch, we were ready. It was hazy, the sort of
morning that was only cool because it was so early and that threatened a muggy stickiness
later in the day, and the only reason I was wearing my jacket was because it was lighter than
bringing a sleeping roll for the nights.

I shifted in place as I waited for Kakashi’s direction. Not fidgeting, and not really impatient,
but a part of me still didn’t believe that I was being allowed to run away and hide with
someone I trusted. The longer we spent not hightailing it out the village the more I worried
I’d misunderstood.

It wasn’t running away. I knew that. It was just a mission, it might not last for more than a
few days, and Kakashi wasn’t Itachi - I knew that. It didn’t stop me holding my breath as
Kakashi stared blankly at the stacked rock decorations I’d copied off Tazuna’s garden, and it
didn’t stop Urushi staying alert next to me as he picked up on my nerves.

I briefly wondered where Pakkun was.

“I’m not taking you to war,” Kakashi finally said, and all thoughts of Pakkun vanished from
my head. “You’re a genin. I haven’t forgotten that.”

“You were younger than me when you went to war,” I protested. Rationally, it was good that
he was conflicted about it. Child soldiers bad, but of all times - “You said. Sensei, you said I
could stay with you.”

He shook himself, putting aside whatever he was thinking about. “That’s not what I meant.
The mission is tracking and intel; no fighting, no battles - you do exactly as I say and if you
see an enemy, you retreat. Understood?”

It was an effort for my shoulders not to slump in relief. “Understood. Exactly what you tell
me to, I promise.”

“I mean it, Sasuke. Even if I engage them, even if you think I need help, your only priority is
to escape.” He caught my gaze and held it, his eye serious and his tone heavy with finality.
“I’m bringing you with me to keep you safe. Don’t make a mockery of it.”

Unspoken, but clearly heard all the same: don’t let me have made a mistake. Another time,
I’d draw the connections between Kakashi’s fear of getting his teammates killed and his
attempts to leave Team Seven with someone else, but just then I was held still by the weight
of what he was saying.

“I promise,” I said again, projecting as much sincerity as I could into the words. It was the
second promise I’d made him in as many days. If he was anyone else I’d be chafing at the
restrictions. He was Kakashi though, and both promises were meant to protect me; if giving
my word that I wouldn’t be reckless was what it took to stay with him, I’d give it.
“Good. We’ll go out one of the side exits. Pay attention to where I step, and don’t cross the
seal until I’ve cleared you.” Side exits - ANBU exits? Urushi and I moved to follow him,
both of us falling in behind him as he turned in an easy lope towards the village wall. “And
Sasuke… Don’t use the things I’ve done in my life as a justification for you to do the same.”

I almost made a quip to try and break the tension at that - something about his fashion sense,
maybe the mess he called his hair, I hadn’t thought it through - but I ducked my head instead
and nodded. Maybe later, when freedom wasn’t fast approaching and Kakashi was able to
relax again, but for now I kept my eyes on the wall ahead and focussed on the feeling of
getting out.



We were several hours in before I thought of the other two. I almost stumbled, flashing into
an instinctive kawarimi to hide my misstep. Kakashi glanced at me but didn’t comment - it
wasn’t the first time I’d had to use kawarimi to catch up, and the pace he’d set was brutal
enough that it wouldn’t be the last.

It didn’t matter, I told myself. I’d done nothing wrong. If your sensei told you to pack for a
mission and go, then you packed and went. You didn’t sit around waiting to say goodbye to
people. That wasn’t how ninja worked. And if the last thing you’d said to them before going
was an accusation and an argument, well, sometimes life was like that. There was no point
moping about it.

I kept my face blank, but chewed the inside of my cheek where it wouldn’t show. Urushi was
running below us, shadowing us as closely as he could while ducking around the trees we
were jumping through. He’d sacrificed silence for speed, but even still his footsteps were
barely audible and he was too good to let any branches snag in his fur as he passed.

Sakura wouldn’t have been able to keep up. Naruto, maybe, but only because his stamina was
unrealistic and the kyuubi would heal any muscles he damaged by pushing too hard. Even if
they could, they were both combat ninja, Sakura specialising in taking down a single
opponent and Naruto in controlling the field - the mission we were on was practically the
opposite of their skill sets. It wouldn’t have made sense for them to come. And if I had
stopped to stay goodbye they’d’ve been difficult about being left out, so really, it was their
own fault that I hadn’t.

… That wasn’t fair.

We reached a change in terrain, an area of flat land where the ground was soft and the trees
were cut through with silty, slow-flowing rivers. Urushi took to the water with relief, running
over the surface of it far easier than he had been across the tangled roots of the forest floor.
Kakashi dropped down to run with him. He must’ve known the area; though the rivers curved
in wide, directionless arcs, the one he’d chosen let us keep going forward with barely any
detours, and the current was slow enough that it took barely any concentration to water-walk
on it.

I… left my teammates behind. I didn’t even think. I could call it a mission all I wanted but it
felt like an escape, and I hadn’t even hesitated to abandon them for it. Them, Chouji,
Shikamaru - I knew it wasn’t as final as that, I knew Kakashi was still Konoha and we
weren’t leaving for good, but if it was? If we had been?

There was nothing to kawarimi with on the river. I couldn’t let myself fall behind and make
up the distance with chakra, and as fast as I was, I’d been running for hours and I wasn’t built
for a marathon. I dogged Kakashi’s heels and matched my footsteps with his, lengthening my
stride to compensate and refusing to acknowledge the ache in my legs.

If we had been leaving for good, then I would have done the same thing. It had been the plan
from the start. I’d always been going to abandon them, and if they were hurt by it - then it
was their own fault. I’d never asked them to love me. I’d never said I loved them back. And
if it was hypocritical of me to fight Kakashi on his pulling away but to drop Naruto and
Sakura as soon as I got the chance, well, tough shit. I never said I was perfect, either.

If they loved me as much as they said they did, they’d understand. It was fine. If they didn’t
understand, then - it was still fine. And if it wasn’t, there was nothing I could do about it now.

“Here,” Kakashi said, dropping back next to me and slowing to a jog. I blinked up at him,
thrown by the change of pace, and took the bun he passed more as an automatic reaction than
a conscious choice.

“More red bean paste?” I asked.

“Easy carbohydrates.” He didn’t make any move to eat anything himself, but he did flash
through a purification jutsu and skim a thin stream of water off the river into a flask. “Drink,”
he ordered.

I barely refrained from pulling a face after the first mouthful. There must have been
something already in the flask; it was an odd combination of sweet and acidic, like a diluted
fruit vinegar with too much sugar in it. I recognised it as an energy drink - Iruka used to give
us oranges if we flagged in training, the concept was the same. I’d’ve preferred the oranges.
Or just water to be honest, but I knew better, and alternated careful sips with bites of the bun
to try and mask the taste.

“Sound are sabotaging,” Kakashi said. We were still jogging, but much slower than we had
been before and I couldn’t help the relief I felt at the break. “They hit civilian routes early on,
focussing on terrain damage. When the genin corps were assigned to fix bridges and roads,
Sound attacked them too. They’ve targeted outposts, supply stores, patrol bases - all
stationary targets. Rarely ninja on patrol, and couriers moving at speed remain almost entirely
untouched. Their teams are small, no more than two or three ninja on each one, and based on
the fighting styles and kekkei genkei there are two confirmed teams with an unconfirmed
potential third.”

I nodded, slotting the information in around what I’d seen back in Konoha. It matched up
with the shortages I’d noticed, the fact that crucial supplies - likely carried in storage scrolls
by the courier ninjas - were still able to get through, the almost fanatic way we’d been tasked
with keeping track of the hospital’s stock. What didn’t match up was the fact that Konoha
was putting so much effort into shoring up the wall and other defenses; if Orochimaru was
hitting small stationary targets and genin corps, it suggested he didn’t have the strength for a
full assault of the village. I knew he didn’t - it was why he’d needed Sand. Potentially still
had Sand. And even in his original invasion plan he hadn’t dared attack head on without the
exam to act as a cover, providing a distraction and keeping a lot of people occupied with
other things.

Much like the war was doing now.

On second thought, it was probably a good thing Konoha was building up the village’s
defenses.

“However the strike teams travel, it’s not over land,” Kakashi continued. “Taken individually
the distances aren’t unreasonable, but to run that far that often and hit as hard as they do
when they arrive, all while evading detection - it’s unrealistic. Our best guess is some kind of
summoning or transportation technique. Given how accurate and precisely timed they are,
they’re almost certainly sending scouts out first and waiting for their signal to move.” He
handed me another flask. I grimaced - I wasn't actually a wet-behind-the-ears new graduate, I
knew how to hydrate myself - but took it anyway. “That’s where we come in. We know the
scouts are present at the attacks, even if they never engage in combat; that gives us a starting
point to track them from. From the pattern of attacks so far they travel on foot, estimated high
chunin level speed - once we have their trail it’s just a case of running them down till we
catch them.”

“Couldn’t that be a misdirection?” I asked. “If the strike teams have a way of getting around
Fire Country, then the scouts could also -”

He shook his head, a single, abrupt motion. “Whoever the scouts are, Orochimaru has gone to
a lot of effort to hide them. It’s not impossible that he’s double bluffing, but it’s unlikely.
They’re our best shot at information.”

Information. That meant we were bringing them in alive, which would normally up a mission
to an automatic A rank - battles were a lot easier when you weren’t holding back from killing
your opponent. From the sounds of it though the scouts were stealth specialists rather than
combat, and if their speed was only chunin level we could hope that the rest of their skills
were lower than that.

Though, I thought wryly, I wasn’t meant to be worrying about the actual capture part of the
mission. I’d promised no fighting. The scout could pull out a random powerup to full jounin
if they wanted, Kakashi would still be able to take them.

“So,” I summarised. “We’re after a scout.”

“Scout, or evidence of how the strike teams travel. They hit an outpost in the north west a
few days ago - we have a good idea where they’ll head next, but we won’t know until they
attack. Did you cover tracking in the academy?”

“The basics. Non-chakra techniques only.”

If he was disappointed that I didn’t have more to offer, he didn’t show it, barely pausing
before asking his next question. He also started edging up the speed again, and Urushi shifted
his gait from an easy trot to a more ground-eating lope.

“Your senses?”

“Average, except for sight, particularly distance or small details.”

“Only with the sharingan or without as well?”

I hesitated there. “Both?” Obviously my sharingan gave me an upgrade, but I didn’t honestly
know if my normal eyes were any better than average. I’d never had other eyes to compare
them to.

No, wait. I had, but that was a long time ago and I couldn’t remember the difference.

“I’m pretty sure I have better vision than most people, but I’ve never tested it to confirm,” I
settled for saying. I could just be very observant, but it felt right, and either way it would be
useful for what we were doing and it seemed to satisfy Kakashi.

“Your arm,” he said next.

“Fully healed, no remaining damage.”

“Where did you go after talking to Orochimaru?”

“To the Suna -” I sucked in a sharp breath. He hadn’t even changed tone between questions.
I’d started and I couldn’t stop, but I also couldn’t help but feel betrayed that he’d tricked me
into answering like that. “... Compound. I went to the Suna compound.”

“Why?”

Hadn’t even changed tone, hell, he hadn’t even changed expression. He wasn’t quite as
closed and cold as he sometimes got when he was being mission-Kakashi, and I held onto
that and told myself I hadn’t done anything wrong.

“I was looking for Gaara,” I said honestly. “He’s a friend, and he helped me against
Orochimaru before. But I didn’t find him, so I just went home.” I tilted my head, trying to
read something from his face. In hindsight, sure, vanishing wasn’t great but - come on. Cut
me some slack, I was stressed.

Finally, he reacted, even if only with the faintest crease of frown and a headshake that he
turned into the motion of looking forward again. “Gaara,” he repeated, and my shoulders
dropped in relief at the return of his usual drawl. Not fully - mission-Kakashi was still
definitely present, and there was no slouch in his running posture - but he’d let go of at least
some of the tension he’d been carrying all morning. “The redhead. Suna’s jinchuuriki?”

“Jinchuuriki aren’t bad,” I said immediately, and scowled as I thought of Naruto. “People
need to stop treating them like they are.”

“Saa, Sasuke,” Kakashi complained. “Please don’t break another important rule until I’ve
finished processing the ones from yesterday, you’ll make me go grey.”
  “I - didn’t. What? No rules. You’re already grey, it’s fine. I didn’t break a rule.”

  He raised an eyebrow at me - I think, it was the one under his headband and I was guessing
  based on the movement of his forehead - and I clamped my mouth shut. “When an enemy
  kage approaches you you’re meant to report it to your superior and be available for
  questioning,” he said, verging on a sing-song pattern of a repeated saying. I doubted it was
  one of the shinobi tenets we’d learnt at the academy. Iruka probably thought it didn’t need to
  be said. “You’re not meant to seek out a suspected enemy and then hide under a genjutsu it
  took your sensei’s sharingan to see through. People don’t like it.”

  I ducked my head, trying to squash the instinctive defensiveness I felt. Kakashi was right. I
  just hadn’t been thinking. Because, as previously stated, I was stressed. Even so, Kakashi’s
  almost teasing tone buoyed my confidence, and I couldn’t let it slide entirely. “I reported it to
  Pakkun and he took it to you, it’s not my fault you were so far away. And Gaara’s still a
  friend.”

  “You do like making friends, don’t you.”

  I rolled my eyes at that, because it was blatantly untrue. Gaara was an outlier, he didn’t count.

  “And!” Kakashi turned and gave me an eye smile. “I’m silver, not grey. It’s a subtle but vital
  difference.” Then he increased his speed until I swear we were running faster than before,
  and I had to resort to glaring at the back of his head because I couldn’t spare the breath to
  retort.



Chapter End Notes



    Urushi: This puppy needs someone
    Urushi:
    Urushi: I am someone
    Urushi: This puppy now has someone

    Also! I absolutely love reading through all your comments, and I know I don't say it
    enough but the way you guys engage with the fic and your different reactions to the
    characters is the best part of writing and genuinely, thank you so much to all of you.
    Even if sometimes your analysis is scary levels of insightful and I'm pretty sure that at
    least some of you have secret mind powers that you're using on me. You're terrifying. I
    love you. Keep on being awesome <3
                                            Chapter 38: War arc: V
Chapter Notes



      Quick reminder that this whole fic is covered under a 'general purpose ninja stabby
      times' warning. If this totally random and non-spoilery reminder has left you unsettled
      and/or worried, there are end notes.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   We ran through the day without stopping. We did take breaks, dropping to slower jogs along
   some of the flatter stretches, but the first time I stood still for more than two minutes was
   well after the sun went down.

   I was shattered.

   Speed, I could do. Stamina, I had, and I was too careful with conditioning training to get
   stitches or muscle cramp - but I was still a genin. Covering half of Fire Country in a single go
   wasn’t part of my usual skill set and I was suffering.

   Well. That wasn’t quite true. Kakashi was frustratingly good at judging exactly how far he
   could push me before I collapsed, and there was no future in going too fast and damaging
   yourself on the way to a mission, but still. Still.

   “Don’t sleep yet, Pup,” Pakkun advised, tongue lolling out his mouth in a doggy-laugh as he
   sat on my feet to get my attention. “You’ll regret it if you do.”

   I’d’ve glared at him if I had the energy. I didn’t. “Why are you here?” I asked, eyes still
   closed and my entire bodyweight being supported by the tree behind me. Actually, scratch
   that; he was here because Kakashi had summoned him. What I wanted to know was, “How
   come you got out of running?”

   “I’m a pug,” he answered dryly. “If you want me around that badly, you can always carry
   me.”

   “Let me think - no.”

   “It’s not a bad idea,” Kakashi said. I hadn’t heard him come back from setting up the
   perimeter, but that wasn’t really a surprise. You didn’t survive in ANBU as long as he had by
   being clunky. “Not Pakkun, but Urushi. You should get used to carrying him.”

   I did open my eyes at that, staring at him incredulously. Urushi was both a lot bigger and a lot
   faster than Pakkun - I was pretty sure he was better at long distances than I was. He was still
   up and moving, for one thing. He wasn’t even panting.
“Not for this trip,” Kakashi allowed. “We haven’t got the time. If he’s staying with you in the
human realm though it’s something you’ll need for the future, particularly if you’re moving
through difficult terrain.”

Oh. It was a dirty trick, to sweeten bad news with something that made me happy. Didn’t stop
it being effective. And it wasn’t even bad news; Urushi could water walk, but he couldn’t
climb. It only made sense that I’d have to carry him sometimes, and it was worth it to have
him stay with me. I tried to give Kakashi a scowled side-eye to tell him I knew exactly what
he was doing, but given the rush of warmth I felt at the reminder that Urushi and I got to keep
each other, it may not have had quite the effect I wanted it to.

Kakashi’s raised eyebrow and the twitch of his mask gave away that it didn’t.

“For now though,” he said, changing the subject and withdrawing a square shaped packet
from one of his numerous pockets. “This is protein powder. It contains everything you need
to survive, but it will leave you feeling hungry and is deliberately the worst tasting thing
you’ve ever eaten. Soldier pills are potentially a close second. When there’s no other choice,
you can live on it for up to a week at a time. When there are other choices, your stomach begs
you to take them.”

I blinked. “Why?”

“Because you’re designed to eat food, and because people were swapping the nicer ones in
for too many meals to be healthy. So.” He held it out to me, but his fingers tightened on it
before I could take it. “I'm going hunting. You can eat what I catch, or you can eat the
powder. Either one is fine.”

I paused. It sounded like it could have been a test, and maybe when I first met him that’s
what I would have assumed, but I didn’t think it was.

“... The powder,” I said.

He nodded. He didn’t look surprised, and I wondered if it was a coincidence that he’d
brought bean-paste buns rather than pork ones, or if he’d already known. “Could you eat
meat if you had to?”

My stomach turned. “Fish?”

“Meat. Fish has less fat, less effect as a blood replenisher, and is less readily available on
missions.”

No, that didn’t help. “Um.” I took a breath, and tried to imagine if I was genuinely starving.
Unsurprisingly, that didn’t help either, and I ducked my head to hide my reaction. “Maybe?”

“That’s a no then,” Kakashi interpreted. I winced, but he just put the protein packet in my
hand. “I prefer to mix it with just enough water to swallow and get it over with, but I’ve
heard people say it’s bearable if you dilute it.” He hesitated, then in a carefully light tone,
“There are things I avoid. Sometimes it happens, and if you can’t control it, you have to
know how to work around it. Keeping several days’ supply of protein slurry in your weapon
pouch would be one way to do it.”

I looked up at him curiously, my unease at the thought of eating meat forgotten. Given the
context, I assumed he was talking about food, but I couldn’t think of anything I’d noticed him
not eating before. Chocolate, perhaps? Not every summoner picked up traits from their
summons but enough did that it wouldn’t be unusual for him to be allergic to it like the dogs
were. Except we weren’t talking about allergies, so that was unlikely to be what he meant.

He didn’t elaborate, and the way he artfully looked away and made it seem casual rather than
deliberate said he wasn’t going to. “I’ll be back soon. There’s wire traps between the trees,
don’t set them off while I’m gone.”



We were running again before dawn. Slower this time, enough for Pakkun to join us, but a
combination of starting early and covering the majority of the distance the day before meant
that it was still morning when Kakashi signaled for caution.

“If they’ve stuck to the route they were following before, the scout should be close ahead of
us,” he said. “Keep your guard up in case they’ve doubled back. From here we go with
stealth; if you notice the scout, or any signs of their trail, tell me. If you notice the strike
team, fall back.”

I nodded. We were far enough north now that the dense forests had started to thin out, larger
trees giving way to patchy scrub and areas of open grass. Still more than enough vegetation
to provide cover, but it made for an indirect, winding path that avoided both the rivers and the
occasional marshier stretches between them, and cut a wide detour around the lakes.

I was relieved we didn’t get too close. Wetlands were pretty, and colonised by so many egrets
that they formed massive clouds of white when they took off in a flock, but the tall grass was
whippy and did an excellent job of hiding how uneven the ground beneath it was. In theory
we’d been taught in the academy how to run fast on almost every kind of terrain; in reality,
some things were harder for the teachers to mimic for us than others, and the combination of
spongy and part-flooded near the edge of the water was unfamiliar to me.

Also. Wet. Not enough to chakra walk on, plenty enough to be disgusting. Worst possible
combination. Yuck.

A few miles in, in one of the thicker patches of trees where the roots held the soil in place and
there were actual plants instead of endless grasses, we reached the outpost.

We hadn’t been the first ones there.

The building itself was half-dug into the ground. From every angle except one it looked like a
thicket of ferns and bracken, interspersed with exactly the right amount of thorns and nettles
to look unpleasant to walk through but not suspiciously offputting. Without the sharingan, I
could pick out the details that marked the front entrance as genjutsu; several of the plants had
repeating leaf patterns, obviously cloned from neighbours further back in the group, and the
fake brambles were heavily laden with berries despite every other branch hanging that low
having been stripped of its fruit by passing animals. With the sharingan the whole illusion
would be obvious, but it was good practice to not rely on it and I didn’t turn it on.

There were other signs giving the outpost away, and I focussed on them to distract myself
from the small clearing in front of it. The ground was a lighter colour, for one; not that the
soil was different but the water was draining through it too fast, running along the edges of
the hideout’s waterproofed foundations rather than soaking straight down as it did elsewhere.
One of the trees was growing wrong; its roots had probably been damaged when the outpost
was first established. There were four dead bodies lying on the ground, one of them half in
and half out the genjutsu so that their feet and most of their left leg seemed to vanish into
nothing. There was an odd lack of twigs or small branches compared to other parts of the
forest, as though they’d been gathered for kindling. Little details, subtle enough that few
people would’ve known there was anything there if they hadn’t known to look for it.

I sat motionless on the branch and stared at them, begging my sharingan not to activate. One
of the dead genin, chunin, people had been crushed. The blow caved in their lower ribs and
destroyed their hips and pelvis, but the way they were lying and the lack of crater marks on
the ground around them said they’d been caught mid-air when it happened. They’d probably
survived.

No, they’d definitely survived. Look at their throat. You were always meant to check downed
enemies after a fight, it wasn’t unusual to see a body with their throat neatly slit as well as
other, more violent wounds. If the throat wound was dry you could use that as evidence that
they’d already been dead when it happened, but you couldn’t always turn the logic round the
other way. Corpses could still bleed, if you wanted them to. They just needed to be fresh
enough that nothing had coagulated, and angled so that gravity could do its job, that’s all.
Useful for disguising the time of death if you wanted to sow confusion after an assassination,
but I couldn’t remember just then how much time you had before the blood had set too much
to be convincing. Mizuki gave the lecture. But I couldn’t remember what he said.

Except, this wasn’t a disguised assassination, and the point wasn’t that corpses could bleed.
The point was that the blood had spread too far from the geninchuninperson’s head, so it had
either been forced out by pressure from their heart, or more likely they’d jerked back in pain
when it happened to try and get away. Or both. There was a lot of blood. It was probably
both.

There was a dead person on the floor and I could read their last movements in the spatter of
red around them to determine how they died.

“Yesterday evening,” Kakashi said, rising from his kneeling position next to another body.
“Pakkun, check inside. Urushi, scent trail. We passed a river not long ago, they could’ve used
it to hide their tracks but I didn’t see anything between there and here. Sasuke -”

He stopped. It took me an embarrassingly long second to register it, and I had to drag my
eyes away from the dead corpse dead person from - I was distracted by analysing the
battlefield, and I turned to him a beat too late to be natural.
“They probably left through the trees,” I said to cover my slip. “It rained recently, the soil’s
damp. If they’re trying to hide their trail, they’d know better than to walk over it and leave
footprints.”

“There are chakra techniques to avoid footprints,” Kakashi said slowly. “Sasuke… Is this
your first time dealing with a casualty on a mission?”

Yes. No. No, it wasn’t. Don’t be stupid. No, wait, it was. Did it make a difference if the
casualty was on a mission or not.

“I’m fine,” I said instead of answering. “The academy had training.” On a mission or not I’d
seen corpses before, and thinking of it made me remember the other half of death. I shook my
head, annoyed at myself for forgetting. “Fire. They need - I have an immolation jutsu. Or
burial, but I don’t know how to do that. No, I can dig. But I don’t know how to earth. I only
know fire.”

I bit my lip before anything else could spill out and looked away, willing someone to change
the subject. Away was a mistake; there was a girl on the other side of the clearing, and she’d
been caught in a wire-trap and hit by at least a dozen kunai at once. Whoever killed her had
retrieved the kunai, but the wire was left tangled around her, and from the way it was partly
disintegrating it wasn’t wire at all but probably some sort of organic substance from a kekkei
genkei that was sticky enough to tear her skin where it attached to her and I wanted to stop
now, please.

“Sasuke,” Kakashi said again, much closer than he had been before. I was up a tree. There
wasn’t anything for him to stand on that was directly in front of me so he knelt on the branch
beside me, hands on my shoulders to turn me until I was facing him. “We’re not going to
bury them.”

“Oh, ok, I can -”

“Or burn them. That’s not our responsibility, you don’t need to worry about it.”

I blinked. “But they’re dead.”

He nodded at that, just once, watching for my reaction. I moved to look past him, eyes drawn
towards the clearing, and he tightened his grip on my shoulders to stop me. He looked
uneasy. Above his mask his face was smooth, his one visible eye and eyebrow not betraying
any expression, but the mask itself didn’t hide as much as he thought it did. He didn’t know
how to deal with a genin who couldn’t deal with death and I needed to pull myself together
and stop making a fuss.

“I don’t mind burning them,” I promised him. “I’ve done it before. I’m fine, I swear.”

“It’s not that. We’re trackers; our priority is finding the scout. We need to move on while the
trail is fresh. If we stay, we’re not only putting the mission at risk, we could be putting
ourselves at risk - dead or wounded comrades are common bait for a trap.” He shifted
uncomfortably, a minute movement that I wasn’t meant to catch. “We have retrieval teams,”
he offered. “The bodies won’t be here for long. I know it feels wrong to leave them -” do
you? I thought before I could stop myself, then stifled the thought “- but the best thing to do
in war is to win it before anyone else can die.”

I took a breath. He was right. Not right, nothing was right about war - but he made sense.

Konoha’s view of death was abrupt and uncompromising. You had a soul, when you died, it
went to the pure lands. You were remembered in the victory your death bought and in the
actions of your family - and, to a lesser extent, your team and friends and village - and the
most important thing about your body was to ensure an enemy couldn’t use it against your
allies. At least some of it stemmed from the glorification of ninja life and the necessity of
convincing entire generations to die for the village, but ultimately, it was practical. There was
no purpose getting hung up about it. These people were dead. Their bodies were just bodies,
it would make no difference to them if I cremated them or not.

I took another breath to convince myself, and refocussed on Kakashi with stubborn
determination.

“Trackers,” I repeated. “I can track. What am I tracking.”

His shoulders visibly dropped in relief. “The strike team hit them from this direction,” he
said, pointing behind the hideout. “You can tell from -” he glanced at me, and smoothly
changed his sentence. “- the battle. If they’re both coming from the same place, they’ll almost
certainly have one high and one low, and you were right about the ground being damp. Start
there, see if you can trace where they came from or left to.”

He started moving halfway through his explanation, skirting the edge of the clearing and
dropping down to where he’d indicated the strike team as attacking from. I followed close on
his heels, stopping at a branch just above his head. “Stay off the ground until you find the
tracks - if they were using chakra to hide their footprints, the signs are easy to contaminate.
Do you want to learn a jutsu?”

“Uh. Now?”

He raised an eyebrow at me. “Saa, do you not want a jutsu? I thought they were all the rage
with kids these days.”

My scowl was an instinctive response to his teasing tone. His head-tilted innocence seemed
an instinctive response to my scowl.

“Here,” he said. “Fire release: Firefly no jutsu. Don’t use your sharingan, you’ll know it
better if you learn the long way.”

The hand seals were simple, and once I’d shifted my chakra to the right element the jutsu was
surprisingly straightforward to pick up. Controlling it on the other hand took far more
concentration; it created a small, heatless fireball that hovered anywhere within about a metre
of me, acting as a more-or-less steady source of light. The more steady being when I frowned
it into submission, the less being when looked away from it and let my attention wander.
Kakashi promised it’d become second nature with practice but as it stood, it took a frustrating
amount of brain power for such a simple technique.
It also took an embarrassingly long time for me to realise that was probably the point. The
distraction of controlling the firefly, of working out why the hell Kakashi thought I needed a
torch when the sharingan let me see almost as clearly in the dark as in the light - I bit my lip,
glancing over my shoulder and tempted to ask him, but didn’t. I could work it out. He had a
sharingan too, he was well aware of what I could see. I didn’t have a strong nose or a chakra
sense to help me; if I was tracking, it was sight-based, and if I had to stare at the dirt until
every indent and its shadows were imprinted in my memory -

Wait. The shadows.

I brought the firefly lower, then swept it out in a slow arc. I’d been looking at the dirt itself,
and the dips and shallow markings didn’t look like anything of note - but with the light
source held low, the shadows were so much clearer and easier to see. No footprints, but that
just there was an unnaturally straight edge with a regular curve to it. I pushed the firefly back
until it hovered over the next one, and again - a curve, marking the edge of a very slightly
compacted disk of earth.

“Chakra snowshoe,” I muttered. A physical snowshoe would be ridiculously ungainly, but
balancing your weight on a thin layer of chakra so it distributed evenly and left less of a
mark… I grinned. At the risk of sounding like a cliche movie villain, “I have you now,
fucker.”

Even so, it was a slow process following their movements. I was relying on fractionally
deeper parts of the indent to show the pressure from their heel and toe on the disk, and
combining that with tiny scuff marks to guess the direction they were walking. In my mind I
built the picture of them; not too tall, or they’d go around rather than under some of the
branches they ducked beneath, not too heavy or they’d leave a deeper trail in the soil. Chakra
based combat technique; whatever it was, it seemed to involve standing in one place on the
edge of the clearing for a while before venturing out at a casual saunter, probably to check for
survivors and cut the throats of any still alive.

I decided I didn’t like them.

But; I tracked them back through the forest to an area far enough away that we were out of
visible range, and it was only when I stifled a swear at the disobedient firefly for the fourth
time that I realised I’d been completely distracted from thinking about the bodies.

I paused. Urushi was circling me, nose alternating between the ground and whichever parts of
the trees he could reach as he tried to pick up a third scent to mark the scout. He paused with
me, lifting his head and straining his ears for a sign of what had made me stop.

“Nothing,” I told him, shaking it off. “Sorry. I’m all good.”

It… wasn’t even a lie.

I blinked, thrown by how easily I’d moved past the shock of finding the dead outpost ninjas.
Was that it, had it just been shock? I’d said the academy had training, sure, but I’d never
bought into it. Some of the desensitisation techniques were so blatantly obvious, I’d never
expected them to work on me. I’d never wanted them to work on me. There were enough
things I knew I disagreed with that I thought they hadn’t.

Except, here I was. Four people had died bloody, painful deaths, and I’d had a minor
hiccough, told myself to get over it, and moved on.

I didn’t really know how to react to that.

“Child soldiers are bad,” I told Urushi, reaffirming it more for myself than for him. “Tiny
people shouldn’t learn sexy no jutsu. Or be left to raise themselves. Dying isn’t heroic, it’s
shit, and the Hokage is a clan-killing murderer and we hate him.”

I wasn’t an idiot. I said it quietly, more under my breath than anything else - I wasn’t even
sure Urushi could hear enough to understand more than my tone. Saying it outloud helped
though. It made it more definitive than if I’d only thought it; I was still me, I hadn’t
accidentally been rewritten by Konoha’s brainwashing when I wasn’t paying attention. The
fact that still me was a lot more capable of compartmentalising death than I thought wasn’t
great, but. Not the end of the world. Probably for the best, in the grand scheme of things.

I shook my head to clear it. “Sorry,” I said again. “Ignore me. It’s not important.”

Urushi cocked his head at me curiously, but when I didn’t seem distressed or say anything
else he whuffed and accepted it.

Kakashi joined us a few minutes later.

“Here,” I said, holding the firefly jutsu near the ground to show him where I’d tracked the
strike team’s trail to. Two sets of footprints - one small, disappearing after two paces and
replaced with the snowshoe disks; the second larger, though not ridiculously so, which led to
the sort of gouge left by someone leaping up to the trees with chakra-enhanced force. There
was nothing to show how either of them arrived; no impact of them dropping down from
above, no disturbed earth of a jutsu bringing them up from below. They weren’t there, then
they were, then they closed in on the outpost and killed people.

Kakashi nodded, easily picking up the same information. “The second attacker moved
through the trees. They didn’t bother to hide their trail - most likely they assumed staying off
the ground would be enough.”

I snorted. “Not a leaf nin, then.”

“No,” he agreed, amused, then his face dropped back to more serious lines. “We’re missing
someone. The battle had two ninja; a long distance fighter favouring projectiles and a heavy
hitter with a blunt-force weapon, probably a club of some description. The long distance
fighter matches the attacker who stayed up in the trees, but the second set of tracks don’t
match the heavy hitter. They’re too light.”

I frowned, thinking it through. If it were a three-man strike team, we’d expect to see the third
set of prints leading back to the same arrival point. Or, it didn’t have to be three on the strike
team - tree guy and the heavy hitter could be the attackers, the one I’d been following could
be the scout. It would explain why they waited in the trees.

“Not quite,” Kakashi disagreed, motioning towards a rockier patch of ground that Urushi was
standing over. “There’s three distinct scents here. Two of them go to the clearing, the last -
the scout - hangs back. If your attacker went to the clearing but didn’t join the battle itself,
we’re probably looking at a genjutsu user or a healer.”

“Or a summoner,” I said slowly. I was being stupid. An organic, wire-like substance,
someone who stayed up in the trees and favoured projectiles; that was Kidomaru. The spider
guy on the Sound Four team. It had to be, surely. Which meant that the logical heavy hitter
was - what was the big guy called? Jiboro? Jirou? He fought Chouji.

But if it was him, he didn’t match the footsteps I’d been following. The Sound Four didn’t
have a healer - I didn’t think, I couldn’t remember what the siamese-twin guys did but I was
pretty sure it wasn’t healing - but they did have Tayuya. She used her flute for sound-based
genjutsu, which matched someone staying on the sidelines of the battle, but she also used it
for summoning.

Summoning what. Summoning something.

“The heavy hitter,” I said. “It’s a summon. That’s why we can’t find any evidence of them
leaving the clearing - they were dispelled.”

“Being strong doesn’t stop people being stealthy,” Kakashi pointed out. I shook my head.

“Maybe, but stealthy people aren’t usually careless. One of the ninja they hit survived to the
end of the battle, but it was this person -” I tapped the footprints to indicate Tayuya “- who
went out after to cut their throat. Can we give them names? I feel this would be easier if we
gave them names.”

“If you like?”

“Ok. Tree-guy, Summon-guy, Summoner-guy. And Scout.”

“We don’t know for sure that it’s a summon and a summoner. I’m not saying it’s not, and
your theory makes sense, but the more you fix in your mind that something’s true the harder
it is to see evidence that disagrees with you.”

I suppressed a scowl. The more I thought about it the more I knew I was right and we were
looking at a Kidomaru-Tayuya pairing, but Kakashi made a fair point. Besides, my Sound
Four theory didn’t cover who the scout was, I couldn’t rely on it too heavily.

“Tree-guy, Big-guy, Little-guy,” I amended. “And guy is gender neutral. Big-guys can be
kunoichi too, we’re not making assumptions.”

“Tree-guy, Big-guy, Little-guy,” Kakashi repeated obediently. “And a scout who, as far as I
can tell, never got within fifty metres of the outpost itself.”
I glanced back towards the outpost. Fifty metres wasn’t a great distance, but we were among
the trees - even with the sharingan I couldn’t see anything from here, for the simple reason
that there were trunks and branches in the way.

“It’s more than we’ve had to go on so far,” Kakashi concluded, standing up. “We also have a
scent trail for the direction the scout left in. Pakkun and I will take the trees, you and Urushi
follow below - you have a chakra sense, don’t you?”

I grimaced. “Ish. It doesn’t sense chakra, just physical shapes.” I hadn’t even practiced with it
for a while; once I’d discovered that I could make a chakra arm by adding water to it I’d
focussed on training that instead.

“Use it. Trackers are always at risk of ambush - we’re literally following an enemy wherever
they want to lead us, don’t ever let yourself be caught unaware.”

I nodded, carefully filtering all traces of elements out of my chakra as I stood to follow him.
The firefly jutsu winked out and I threw a henge over myself for good measure, then fell in
behind Kakashi as he took to the branches above us and left.



We didn’t find the scout. The trail held for a good few hours; at various points they tried to
throw us off by going over or through water, or switching to stony ground when it was
available, but as good as they were at not leaving visual evidence they weren’t used to dogs
and it showed. They should’ve made more use of the water - there was plenty of it around,
but the scout only ever took brief detours over the rivers or lakes. It was a slow and
frustrating process to scour the opposite bank for where they came back to dry land, but it
wasn’t where we lost them.

It was the grass, in the end. I knew it I hadn’t liked it for a reason. Even with both Urushi and
Pakkun tracking, the smell of the marsh overpowered everything else. Any traces of the scout
left on the grass itself got broken down by a combination of the sun - now directly overhead,
it was just gone noon - and the brisk wind causing any sweat and scent trails to evaporate,
and whoever the scout was they were familiar enough with long grass not to leave any
flattened or broken in their wake.

I slowed to a walk, trusting my henge to keep me hidden and trying hard not to feel dejected.
Kakashi and Urushi were trying to pick up the trail again, checking places the scout might
have circled round or laid false evidence to mislead us, but Pakkun hung back with me.

“Oi,” he huffed, inserting himself between my feet and forcing me to look down to avoid
stepping on him. “Stop that. Tracker missions aren’t as straightforward as some. You made
good progress, stop trying to kill the plants with your eyes.”

“Sharingans don’t work like that,” I mumbled, but dutifully flattened out my resting scowl.
“Kakashi’d’ve made better progress if I wasn’t slowing him down.”

“You’re faster than me, Pup. Are you saying I held us up as well? There’s no point racing if
you don’t know where you’re going.” He cocked his head in thought, then stood on his back
legs and planted his front paws against my shin. “Though, since you mention it. You’re faster
than me. Carry me.”

“We’re walking.”

He planted his paws harder. I gave in and carried him. So much for always being alert for an
ambush, I now had both arms full of pug and I wouldn’t hesitate to drop him if I needed to
defend.

“I didn’t mean slowing him down now,” I said, picking up the conversation again. “I meant
yesterday. The outpost was attacked last night. If he hadn’t had to stop for me, he’d’ve been
back by then.” I hesitated at a sudden thought. “If he hadn’t had to go to Konoha in the first
place, the outpost might not have been attacked at all.”

Pakkun twisted in my hold to give me an unimpressed look, then bit my thumb.

“Ow.”

“I thought I told you not to borrow trouble. That includes making it up where it doesn’t
exist.”

“But if -”

“If he’d not gone to Konoha and decided to guard that particular outpost, Sound would’ve
attacked a different one. If he’d been here last night, he could’ve got a head start tracking the
scout, but he also wouldn’t have thought of the Big-guy being a summon. If you keep
following his lead and assuming everything’s your fault when it’s not, I’m going to get Bull
to sit on both of you until you stop. Clear?”

“Clear,” I repeated instinctively, somewhat wide-eyed. “I’m not assuming everything’s my
fault. I just -”

“That doesn’t sound very clear to me.”

I glared at him. “I’m just trying to think things through,” I continued, daring him to cut me
off again. “Like an actual mature human being. With consequences and shit. Because I’m
sick of turning around and discovering I fucked everything up without realising it, so, you
know, I thought I’d at least get the realisation part down so I could start spotting fuck-ups
before I do them and go for something else instead, if that’s ok with you.”

He licked his nose at me. I didn’t understand dog body language enough to know what that
meant.

“Huh,” he finally said, and wriggled to a comfier position. “You didn’t fuck up. If anything,
the strike team was bolder than they would’ve been if Kakashi was close by, they left us more
clues to follow. Like I said, we’ve made good progress. Tracking suits you.”

My annoyance vanished, deflated by his praise. “Uh. Thank you?”
He licked his nose again. I needed a dictionary. Maybe I could teach Urushi to write with a
brush in his mouth and he could translate.

“You’re welcome. Now carry me faster, if I wanted to go this slow I could’ve stayed on the
ground and done it myself.”

I scowled again, told myself that I liked Pakkun and wasn’t going to dump him in a stinky
puddle, and stepped up to a jog.



We found the trail again through a combination of Kakashi’s knowledge of targets in the area
and judicious use of his shadow clones to check multiple routes at once until we hit on the
right one to follow. Normal sleep patterns went out the window; we took short rests, just
enough to keep us going, then pushed forward. It left very little time for dreaming, which was
a plus, and I was actually surprised by how well I adapted to frequent catnapping instead of
full nights of sleep.

Though, we were quickly running out of trees. The ground was not running out of wet. This,
I did not adapt to. It was inhumane.

The third day turned up another outpost. This one was a patrol waypoint; it was manned by
one Konoha ninja and two from Sand, and just like the previous one, all three were left dead.
The waypoint held no information or supplies, nothing that could’ve been the strike team’s
target; they were there to kill people, plain and simple. The remainder of the patrol - another
trio of one Konoha and two Sand - were left barely a few minutes away, close enough that
they’d probably been responding to the rest of their team’s distress call when they were
attacked.

“Why Sand?” I asked, kneeling beside one of the bodies and telling myself very firmly that
being rational about death didn’t equate to being heartless. Feeling horrified at the waste of
human life wouldn’t achieve anything, and even if one of the bodies was shorter than I was,
the important thing was that they weren’t me.

Or anyone on the very short list of people I allowed myself to worry about.

Sakura and Naruto were fine, Jiraiya wasn’t actually negligent enough to let them die.

“They’re our allies,” Kakashi said. I shot him a skeptical look at that. “They claim to be our
allies,” he amended. “It’s not unusual for them to lend manpower during a war. Would you
rather six Konoha nin died instead?”

“I’d rather no one died,” I said dryly, then thought about it. “Oh. They’re here because the
village knew the patrol was a lost cause?” I shook my head. I couldn’t even bring myself to
be surprised. “But if they knew the patrol would get attacked, why not turn it into a trap? You
could put a team of jounin here pretending to be genin corps. Or just a load of clones even.”

“Not many people can use clones like Naruto can,” Kakashi said. “There are too many targets
to feasibly replace them all.”
  “Yes, but -” I stopped myself, remembering what Pakkun had said about the strike teams just
  attacking someone else if the one they went for first had been guarded. I already knew that
  most of Konoha’s forces were concerned with invading Sound before Sound could invade us;
  as important as it was to stop the strike teams disrupting the wider infrastructure network,
  they didn’t have the manpower left in the country to defend it all. Like Kakashi said, the best
  thing to do in a war was to win it before anyone else could die.

  I bit my lip. There were other tracker teams. Why make Kakashi the one to hunt the scout?
  Because he was ANBU? ANBU did the dirty work. You didn’t use ANBU for a simple track-
  and-retrieve, you used an Inuzuka and a chakra sensor for that. ANBU were for things you
  didn’t want people to know. Like the fact that when we caught the scout, they’d almost
  certainly be tortured for information, but that was a fact of life that very few people in a
  hidden village would have baulked at.

  But using your own ninja for bait. Or if Suna turned out to be an ally after all, then using an
  ally’s ninja for bait, or even arranging it so they’d die as a preemptive strike in case they
  turned out to be an enemy - no one would admit to that.

  I dropped the conversation.

  “We’re getting closer, at least,” I said instead. It wasn’t a very subtle change of subject. Still
  true; we’d gone from finding the first outpost the morning after it had been attacked to
  finding this one with only four or five hours of delay. It didn’t feel like much progress, but
  we’d more than halved the scout’s lead.

  “We are,” Kakashi agreed. “Too close for them to risk resting. Another couple of days of this
  and they’ll start flagging and making mistakes, that’s when we move in.” His eyes flicked to
  me, an assessing look to check on my status. Persistence hunting was a valid strategy, but it
  rapidly fell apart if the hunters couldn’t keep up.

  Like I said though. I could handle the catnaps. I had speed. I had stamina. Apparently, I also
  had the ruthlessness to deal with the people who died along the way.

  “I’m good,” I told him. “It’s Pakkun you should be worried about, he’s the slow one.”

  Pakkun huffed and glared balefully up at me. “I’ve been outrunning ninja since before you
  were born, Pup.”

  “The old one, then,” I amended, and flashed him a sunny grin. Urushi opened his mouth to let
  his tongue loll out in laughter, and that alone made it worth it, even if Pakkun did make me
  carry him the next four miles as punishment for sass.



Chapter End Notes



    Kakashi: please don't be sad about dead people
    Kakashi: they're dead
Kakashi: i'll give you a new jutsu if you stop being sad?
Kakashi: look, it's fire. you love fire!
Kakashi: i have no idea what i'm doing
Kakashi: ... i think it worked?

Ninja stabby times in this chapter: Descriptions of death and dead bodies. Sasuke's
coping method involves noticing all the details and fixating on them to avoid the bigger
picture; skim read from the first mention of the bodies to when Kakashi starts speaking
if this bothers you.
                                        Chapter 39: War arc: VI
Chapter Notes



      'Sup. Did you miss me? (seriously tho i am so sorry, friday updates will resume from
      here on and thank you so much for all your patience and lovely comments while i've
      been gone)

      More ninja stabby times in this chapter, specifics down in the end notes again.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   Over the next two days, we closed in on the scout. Their attempts to ditch us got more
   elaborate, but sloppier; they took sweeping detours through the paddy fields, doubled back
   into wilder marshes, at one point even veered off to go through a small village and try to hide
   their trail among the beaten-earth roads and cart tracks there.

   It would have worked better for them if they hadn’t chosen a civilian henge to hide behind.
   The villagers might not be the most observant of people, but they weren’t stupid - a stray
   ninja passing through the village was one thing, but a lone ‘merchant’ with no caravan and no
   hired escort was practically an invitation to gossip. It wasn’t difficult to pick up which
   direction they went, and they’d spent so long walking at a civilian pace to uphold their cover
   story that they lost almost half their lead on us in the process.

   Somewhere between an overcast sundown and a pouring wet midnight on the second night,
   Pakkun reappeared from one of his frequent absences and announced, “They’re sending
   backup for the retrieval. One ANBU, codename Crane, about an hour out. He’ll rendezvous
   with you the normal way.”

   Kakashi slowed to an abrupt halt. I matched him, frowning in concentration as I used my
   chakra to avoid skidding on the slick grass. He didn’t say anything, but his posture was tense
   - though, that might just have been in response to the rain dripping down the back of his
   neck, I know that was making me tense - and his grimace was annoyed.

   “For a scout?” I asked. “But we’re so close. We can’t afford to wait an hour. The rain’s their
   best chance of escaping us, we have to move now.”

   “A scout with unknown combat skills and the ability to summon at least two jounin-level
   allies,” Kakashi corrected. “Given how crucial their information is to the war, sending backup
   isn’t unreasonable.” He sounded frustrated though. I wasn’t surprised; the scout’s combat
   skills might be unknown, but we’d been the ones tracking them for the past five days, and
   however long before that that Kakashi had spent working out they existed and narrowing
   down their location in the first place. Even if they did call the strike team to help them, I
   knew he was strong enough to take all three. Obviously he was strong enough to take all
three. I wasn’t familiar enough with ANBU to know if sending backup like this was standard
procedure or not, but it certainly felt like a dig against him.

“It might not be unreasonable but it’s still not necessary,” I muttered mulishly. “We’re fine.
We don’t need anyone else.”

“Saa,” he said, abandoning his frown to eye-smile at me. I could tell from both his tone and
expression that if I was standing any closer he’d’ve ruffled my hair, and I flattened it
defensively just in case. “Don’t be like that, Sasuke. You like new people.”

“Lies.”

“Hmm, if you say so. How do you feel about pretending to be ANBU?”

I froze, then hastily un-froze myself to hide the reaction. “Uh. What?”

“Only, this is meant to be an ANBU mission. Here, see if this fits.” He pulled something
small and white from seemingly nowhere, and tossed it to me in a lazy underhand throw.
When I caught it I recognised the smooth porcelain and intricate seal work as belonging to an
ANBU mask, but when I turned it over I wasn’t immediately sure what animal the markings
were meant to represent. It had two triangular ears, like Itachi’s did, but where his had a
single stripe down the centre this one had two red markings on each cheek, and a thick
outline around the eye-holes that pulled them back and up in a slanted, angular shape.

A cat, maybe? Why would Kakashi have a random cat mask on him?

“Really?” Pakkun asked, levelling him an unimpressed stare. “Jiraiya knows she’s here.”

“Crane doesn’t,” Kakashi pointed out. “May as well keep up appearances. Ah, but if you’re
wearing the mask, I guess that means I’ll be left as a plain old jounin…” He tapped his chin,
then shrugged. “Oh well.”

The mask. The singular - I nearly dropped it. “It’s your mask? You want me to pretend to be
ANBU Hound?”

He eye-smiled again. And got my hair this time, despite the fact that I could’ve sworn I was
still out of reach.

“You’re a bit short to be Hound just yet. ANBU Puppy, maybe. Though you are thirteen now,
I guess that makes you old enough.”

Twelve, I almost corrected, then blinked, and counted the days.

My birthday had been the day before yesterday. I’d completely missed it. Huh.

Pakkun huffed, shaking his head and breaking me out of my thoughts. “Masks get recycled,”
he told me. “If Crane asks, you’re Hound, not Puppy. If anyone who knows that Hound
hasn’t actually retired asks, blame your sensei.”
I looked between them. Pakkun resigned, Kakashi suspiciously innocent. I was definitely
missing something, and there was more meaning to the mask than just making sure Crane
didn’t know who I was.

I squinted.

“This is a fuck you to Jiraiya,” I decided. Pakkun wouldn’t have mentioned him if he wasn’t
involved, and as far as I knew Jiraiya didn’t usually work with ANBU, which meant: “He
didn’t want you to take me out of Konoha and you’re pissed at him. Your mask, your student,
that’s why you want me to wear it.”

Kakashi’s innocent expression turned uncomfortable. “Ah -”

“Cool,” I interrupted, and put the mask on, flaring my chakra to activate the seals and attach
it to my face. I applied the henge in the same movement, one layer to change my clothes for
Itachi’s dark shirt and pants combination, and another for the armour plates over the top.
When I lifted my hands up to tug my hair free though, I grimaced; the sleeves didn’t look
realistic in the rain. Good enough to fool most people, but wet cloth stuck and pulled in
different ways to dry, and I wasn’t confident enough to mimic it. It wasn’t an issue for the
armour - I added a slight sheen from the water dripping off it, but didn’t need to do anything
other than that - and the pants were close enough to my own that I could get away with it, but
the sleeves would have to go.

“Help me draw the tattoo?” I asked, pinning the second of the familiar two buns in place and
replacing the henged shirt with a sleeveless version instead. “I don’t know what it looks like.”

Kakashi paused, tilting his head and looking at me thoughtfully before answering. “It’s not
for Jiraiya,” he said. Pakkun coughed, and he amended, “It’s not only for Jiraiya. I brought
you with me to keep you safe from Orochimaru, and hiding your identity like this is a useful
defence.”

“From Crane? Do we not trust him?”

His cheek twitched, as though he’d gone to pull a face and suppressed it. “He’s one of the
Hokage’s most loyal. But if there’s any chance of the scout or strike team being able to get a
message back to Sound, I’d rather they not know you’re here.”

It seemed overly cautious to me; with Kakashi and a second ANBU ninja attacking, the
likelihood of anyone escaping was slim to none. I didn’t mention it though, just nodded, and
let Kakashi use a henge of his own to demonstrate what the tattoo looked like for me to copy.

At least, I assume it was a henge. If it wasn’t, then he’d somehow managed to take his arm
out his sleeve to show me his shoulder without taking his flak jacket off. I wouldn’t put it
past him, but also, why.

Either way, I faithfully copied the swirl, and so long as no one looked too closely or tried to
test it with chakra, it should hold up to inspection. That done, we were ready to go again,
doggedly following the scout’s trail before the rain could wash too much of it away - all
taken, we’d only paused for a few minutes since Pakkun had arrived and passed on the
message. Crane was still around an hour out, the scout was less than an hour ahead, and with
the ground beneath us getting steadily as wet as the sky above us, we ran.

Forty eight minutes later Kakashi made a handseal and, I assumed, flared his chakra in
response to a signal I hadn’t picked up. Seventeen seconds after that ANBU Crane flowed
seamlessly out of the darkness and fell into formation beside us. I glanced over enough to
register that he was a few inches shorter than Kakashi, that he was built for speed and
precision rather than power, and that the hair above his white and red mask was wild, black,
and curling slightly in the rain, but other than that, I ignored him.

I blinked, relying on my own mask to hide the action, and slid my eyes back over to him
without turning my head.

His hair was wild, black, curling slightly in the rain, and according to my sharingan, an
illusion.

That in itself wasn’t unusual, if you thought about it. ANBU went to so much effort to keep
their identity hidden, then left their hair exposed for anyone to recognise? No. The hair was
left out so people would remember it, and not focus on the ANBU’s body shape or anything
else that was harder to disguise. What was unusual though was the fact that, without the
sharingan to spot it, I wouldn’t have been able to tell it was a genjutsu at all.

Which. What. I didn’t get fooled by people’s genjutsu. Other people got fooled by people’s
genjutsu, I spotted the little mistakes people made and called them out for being shoddy. It
was my thing. And I get that that sounds arrogant, but. Hair. Hair. Every individual strand
moving like hair was meant to move, and reflecting the light properly given both how little
light there was to begin with and the fact that water made everything harder to get right?

I was in love. It was amazing. The level of detail - I suddenly had a new goal in life, and it
was to find ANBU Crane’s weakness and bribe him with it, maybe a bit of extortion,
whatever it took until he taught me everything he knew. Forget dramatic, reality-defying
scenarios like Kurenai was known to favour, this was the subtlety genjutsu was made for. It
was flawless. It was beautiful. I needed it.

I also felt suddenly self-conscious about the henge I was wearing. It was good, I knew it was
good - other than the shirt it was an exact duplicate of an outfit I’d worn before. I’d had my
sharingan open at the time, I was hardly going to have missed parts of it. Every single hair
though, that was a whole other level. Who had the brain power to calculate where they were
meant to go? I mean, Crane did, obviously, but. How? You couldn’t do it just by copying
someone else with a similar hairstyle. You could try, but you’d have to know them well
enough to mimic their hair in wet, in dry, when it was windy, when they changed direction
while running and the bit sticking up at the back swayed to the left then bounced back -

I might have been staring. I just. Perfect. He was perfect.

And in light of finally seeing how genjutsu was meant to be used, I had a whole new
understanding of what I needed to work on. I’d added a sheen to my armour to account for it
being wet; with my head still stubbornly turned forwards to hide my fascination I studied his
armour and amended the sheen to include water droplets running down the metal, the
darkening of the straps and the way they stretched differently when they were soaked
through, the slight traces of dirt and mud that got kicked up and stuck differently to armour
versus cloth -

I was so caught up in it that it was something of a surprise when Kakashi raised a hand for
attention. His fingers flashed through a series of signals, almost but not quite the ones he’d
taught me before. ANBU sign; I caught a few commands, but I didn’t know them all, and I
fought the urge to tense up.

“Urushi,” he said, voice low and barely audible over the storm. “You’re with Hound. Stay
back, circle the perimeter. If they break free from us, give chase, but only engage if
necessary. Clear?”

I mentally sighed in relief. Those instructions were for my benefit, Urushi had worked with
Kakashi long enough to know ANBU sign. He played along with the pretence though,
ducking his head in a sharp nod to show his understanding.

His nod was clearly the signal. Kakashi and Crane split, vanishing into the night to curve
round in a pincer movement. Pakkun went with Kakashi, and Urushi and I veered off to keep
an eye for the scout trying to escape. We’d reached an area of wetland where the grass was
easily waist high on the dry parts, transitioning to half-submerged reeds as it reached the edge
of the marshy lake. The scout was underwater - probably hoping we’d run over the top
without noticing and leave them behind. The ground around the banks was spongy, semi-
solid and treacherous, with low-lying shrubs growing between the reeds that were little more
than hollow shells of leaves with nothing but water underneath. The rain was coming down in
thick sheets, blocking out the faint moonlight from earlier until even with the sharingan I was
struggling to see far enough ahead to keep track of the others.

I reached blindly in the water for a rock, found nothing but mud, and ripped out a single
woody reed instead.

“Urushi,” I said, handing it to him. I attached a thread of chakra to it, as though in preparation
for kawarimi; I wouldn’t risk switching while he was holding it for fear of ripping out his
teeth, but it would let me know where he was if he went out of my field of view. “Take the far
side. I can follow you through this if you spot the scout and run after them.”

Reed in his mouth and sticking close to the water’s edge so he could water-walk, he went.

As for me, I gave up on my sight, and focussed instead on my chakra. I’d given Urushi a
thread, but the rest of it I spread out as a thin sheet, hovering on the surface of the water and
stretching out as far around the lake as I could go. The vibrations of the raindrops hitting it
were a constant background noise that I didn’t bother to tune out, Urushi’s footsteps a faint
rhythm as he loped steadily to the other side; if the scout was going to try and get past me
over the water, I should be able to feel it as they went past.

For the first half minute, there was nothing. Urushi moved away from the water two thirds of
the way round the lake, leaving me relying purely on the kawarimi thread to keep track of
him. I couldn’t see, hear, or feel Kakashi or Crane.
Then - flute music, high and out of place, cutting unnaturally clearly through the rain. It was
followed very quickly after by one-two-three roars, the crash-thud of something large kicking
off from the ground, and a flare of light from what had to be a lightning jutsu in the distance.

Tayuya. And her summons, but they were too far away for me to identify what they were;
they sounded vaguely human - or humanoid - but I couldn’t tell anything further than that. If
the scout had called Tayuya, Kidomaru was almost certainly there as well. I bit my lip.
Staying back and waiting like this felt wrong on every level, particularly when I knew the
Sound Four in a way that neither Kakashi nor Crane did. Had I even told Kakashi about the
curse seal? I hadn’t - there wouldn’t have been any way for me to know, I couldn’t - but what
if I’d put him in danger by withholding knowledge, what if he was - oh god, the summons ate
chakra, didn’t they? Did they? They did, I think, and Kakashi’s weakness was his small
reserves, he didn’t have enough to spare -

“Get a fucking grip,” I snarled, readying three shuriken in each hand just for something to do.
“He’s Kakashi. He’s not going to die. And even if - even if he was, you can’t go after him.
You promised.” I took a breath. Kakashi was fine. Crane was a genjutsu master the likes of
which Konoha hadn’t seen since they lost the Uchiha, he wasn’t allowed to die until he’d
explained how his illusions worked. I had a job to do, and if I wasn’t allowing myself to get
distracted by how cold I was after an hour of practically swimming through the rain, then I
wasn’t allowed to get distracted by being over dramatic and doubting Kakashi either.

I flexed my fingers, resettled the shuriken into a better hold, and crouched in the grass to
focus on my chakra and wait.

Another half a minute. It crawled; the distant sounds of the battle were both agonisingly slow
and happening too quick to follow. Then - a splash, just on the very edge of the sheet of
chakra I had over the lake, followed by the hard impact of a foot, then the disruption on the
water as the scout exploded out from under it and started running. They vanished from my
senses as soon as they left the lake but Urushi bolted after them, taking the reed with him and
showing me the way. I sprinted, aiming diagonally to intercept them both and sparing just
enough concentration to my feet to ensure I didn’t step in a sink-hole and snap my leg.

The scout was fast and desperate. I was faster. They weren’t trying to hide, too worn out from
the days of pursuit and too far from Kakashi to think they needed to bother. I went low,
streaking through the grass and shifting my henge to camouflage myself against it; by the
time they spotted me I’d already circled round in front of them, Urushi coming up the other
direction and the two of us neatly cutting off their escape.

Her escape. She was tall, leanly muscled with her hair too tightly tied back to grab on to,
missing her right eye. Try attacking from that side then, but it was too obvious a weakness for
her not to have a way to mitigate it. Clothes - short white kimono, circle-patterned obi, black
leggings and standard sandals. Not long enough to restrict movement, not obviously
armoured enough to block more than a glancing blow, but the wide sleeves could be hiding
something. The free ends of the obi were moving oddly. Weighted? Hard to tell. In total I
gleaned very little about her skills or fighting style, and other than noting a lack of any large,
easily identifiable weapons or heavy taijutsu build I didn’t have much to help me face her.
Which I wasn’t meant to be doing in the first place but in my defence, Kakashi had told me
to engage if necessary. Or he’d told Urushi and ANBU Hound at least, it would probably
have looked weird to Crane if he’d done anything else. It was a loophole I was willing to
exploit.

For Kakashi, I tried to be cautious, and my opening move was to throw up a Naruto-esque
wall of illusion clones and duplicate Urushi into an entire pack of snarling dogs. It wasn’t my
usual style, but with the poor visibility she wouldn’t be able to tell the real from the fake and
given that my goal was to herd her back to the others -

“Byakugan,” she spat, right hand held in front of her face so the eyeball on the back of it
lined up with the empty socket in her head. She saw through the illusion and darted for the
gap between me and Urushi without even breaking stride.

I stumbled, staring after her for an endless, free-falling second.

In the back of my mind the new information slotted neatly into place; why Orochimaru had
changed his plans to target Hinata of all people, how the scouts were so good at evading
detection, why there were two strike teams and two scouts and two eyeballs and -

I let go of the kawarimi thread to Urushi and created a new one. It lashed after her, whip-like
and vicious, aiming for her right hand but missing and hooking onto her left instead. When I
switched, I did it with a savage, relentless twist that tore her hand off at the wrist and used it
to replace myself with. The hand landed with an inaudible thump where I’d been standing
and I appeared in a tangle of limbs half on top of her, the shredded stump of her arm
smearing against my chest and the blood mixing with the rain running down my front.

“Give it back,” I snarled, elbow jabbing at her throat and other hand reaching for the
byakugan. “It’s not yours, give it - shit.” I moved with the force of her blow; she had
something sharp along the edge of her forearm, I couldn’t see what but it tore at the fabric of
my jacket and sliced a thin, painful line into the skin of my shoulder below. The distance
gave her the space she needed to break free, and with both of us slick from the rain I didn’t
have a hope of holding on.

She choked out a hysterical laugh, cradling her arm to her chest as she hunched over her
missing hand. “You,” she started, then broke off to laugh again. I recovered my logic enough
to remember the shuriken I’d been holding earlier and flung them at her, but she raised her
good arm and batted them away with a clash of metal on metal. Her other arm was bleeding
heavily, dark rivulets fanning up over her skin where the wide sleeve of her kimono had
fallen down and forming glistening, branching patterns. “You,” she repeated, voice rising to
something high and shrill. “You took my hand.”

“It happens to the best of us,” I said, more to buy time than anything else. I didn’t know
where Urushi was. I didn’t want to risk more shuriken if she was going to deflect them, not
without knowing if he was in the cross-fire, and illusions weren’t going to do shit against her.
The rain put any fire jutsu out of the question - someone better than I was could still manage
them even in this, but I wasn’t better than I was so screw that - and I doubted I’d get her with
kawarimi again (I just ripped off a piece of someone). That left me with taijutsu, my chakra
arm, and the sudden realisation that blood went down her arm but the branching patterns had
been going up -

She whirled on me, right arm flung out and a barrage of silver feathers flying off it towards
me. I flattened myself against the ground; each one looked razor sharp and too deadly for me
to afford to let them hit. “You took my hand,” she shrieked, sending another barrage in a
wide, uncontrolled spray.

I had to move in. I couldn’t stay at a distance, not with that sort of attack and not with Urushi
somewhere unknown. I threaded my fingers with shuriken again and coiled my water-arm in
preparation, readying my chakra for another rapid kawarimi. Why was there nothing to
switch with. Why were there no convenient rocks or twigs or - grass, grass would do. I came
in low, legs bent and already pushing off the ground to leap up inside her guard when I
landed. She spun, swiping at me with the trailing ends of her obi - I was right, they were
weighted, and I dodged instinctively back to avoid them until I knew whether they were
made out of cloth or not.

They weren’t. None of her kimono was; it was made of feathers, jagged metal feathers rising
with her arms like wings, and as the obi lifted behind her the two ends of it divided and
divided again until they fanned out in a mimicry of a peacock tail. If, you know, every feather
of a peacock tail was made of deadly sharpened steel, but other than that it was pretty
accurate. The circle pattern even looked like eyes.

“Bullshit,” I said, backing away from her in shock. “I don’t care how overpowered the curse
seal transformation is, it doesn’t affect your clothes.”

“Die,” was her intelligent and well-reasoned response to that. I tore my eyes away from her
logic-defying kimono to realise that the patterns I’d noticed before had finished spreading
over her skin, turning her face a flat, feather-etched grey and her hair a spiky silver flaring
out like a crest behind her head. She crossed both arms in front of her and brought them
jerking down, firing out a mix of the smaller arm feathers as well as several tail feathers that
flew like fucking javelins - I kawarimid. No. Not happening. I had a moment to adjust to this
new and terrifying development, then I was kawariming again when she sent more - what the
hell, how did they regrow that fast - then ducked under her sweeping tail and grabbed for her
feet with my chakra arm, then had to abandon the movement to dodge feather-death again -

I was getting nowhere. She was driving me back, and I was hamstrung not only by the terrain
working against me and my worry for Urushi, but also by the need to capture her instead of
kill. How much blood had she already lost from her missing hand? If I attacked her like that
again would she even survive? I didn’t have methods of subduing people that didn’t involve
at the very least knocking them out. My best chance was to get close and switch us back to
the lake, but that put me in reach of both her obi-tail and her kimono-wings, neither of which
fit with me continuing through life unskewered and alive.

If I died, Kakashi was going to kill me.

“New plan,” I muttered. She had the byakugan, but from the way she used it I assumed she
needed to hold it in front of her face to make it work, and her hand was occupied with other
things. It wasn’t a certainty but I was confident enough with my guess that the next time she
flung her feathers at me I mimed getting hit, layering a genjutsu over my hip and thigh where
my fake-armour didn’t cover and adopting a limp with a hissed grimace of pain.

I didn’t have to face her head-on. She was exhausted, wounded, and desperate; if I could bait
her into abandoning her defensive position and making a run for it, she’d be far easier to take
down - sneak attacks from behind were much more my style than the relentless assault I’d
been trying to fight her with so far.

At least, they were much more my style when I wasn’t losing my temper over people’s
eyeballs being passed out like trail rations, but we weren’t mentioning that.

I pulled the illusion feather from my thigh, gritting my teeth and making a show of testing
how well it held my weight. Her eyes lit up, exactly as I’d hoped; she fired another barrage
straight for me which I got ready to just about dodge without giving away how uninjured I
actually was -

Someone scooped me up. I think. It happened too suddenly, I didn’t even notice them until I
was already in their arms and being deposited on the ground a safe distance away.

“What the -”

I caught a glimpse of a white mask, the narrow line of the beak on it marking it as Crane’s,
then he was gone again in the fastest shunshin I think I’d ever seen in my life.

“Holy shit,” I mumbled. Without my sharingan, I wouldn’t have been able to follow his
movements. With my sharingan, I could barely follow them - he was running between the
fecking rain drops, all the while maintaining his stupidly perfect henge. It was like what my
kawarimi could one day aspire to be; sure, I got from point A to point B quicker, but with his
shunshin he could slice at his enemy as he went dancing past, and he wasn’t restricted by
finding things to switch with. The man could change direction midair. What was he even
pushing off from. Kawarimi couldn’t change direction midair. Mid-switch. He was better
than me at genjutsu and now better than me at speedy bouncing around a battlefield, if I
wasn’t so determined to make him teach me I think I would’ve hated him on principle.

It was unfair. Also amazing. But unfair.

All of four seconds later, the scout was down. Crane even cauterised her wrist so she
wouldn’t bleed out, pressing a jutsu-heated kunai against the stump in one-two second bursts
until it was sealed. It was an efficient but not widely used method; unless treated
immediately, the burn would be impossible for even a skilled medic to heal, and any medic
who could treat the burn immediately may as well deal with the wound properly in the first
place. Whatever hope the scout had of reattaching her hand was now lost.

Not that she’d’ve been given the chance to reattach it anyway. I tried to dredge up some kind
of horror or guilt at what I’d done to her, but. She had Hinata’s eye. Best I could offer was a
vague sense of nausea if I thought too much about the details - I’d just torn someone's hand
off - but that was easily solved by not thinking too much about the details, so. She deserved
it, and I hoped it hurt, and if that wasn’t the response Naruto would have approved of, then so
what. He wasn’t here. Kiba and Shino would understand.
(It just. Came off. All ragged, not even a clean cut. Literally torn off.)

(Bleck.)

Urushi trotted up while Crane was occupied, still faithfully holding the kawarimi reed in his
mouth.

“Hey,” I said quietly, holding out my hand for him to drop it. “Thank you. You didn’t get
hit?”

He wagged his tail, keeping it low to avoid drawing attention to it, and nosed curiously at the
bleeding hole in my thigh.

“Oh, no, that’s - here. Gone now.” I frowned as I dismissed the illusion. He’d not been
bothered because he’d easily identified it as fake, so how would I make an injury smell like
an injury? I doubted I’d ever have to fool the dogs, but Kakashi wasn’t the only nin with a
sensitive nose. Restricting myself just to visual genjutsu was stupid. I should fix that.

Crane politely made his footsteps audible to announce his presence. I scrambled to my feet,
suppressing a shiver as the lack of adrenalin made me aware again that I was soaked through
and freezing cold.

“You’re a genjutsu user,” he stated. He held his head still, but I got the impression he was
checking for any non-illusion wounds all the same. I nodded - probably unnecessarily - and
fervently hoped my fake ANBU uniform wasn’t as obvious as it suddenly felt like. Thank
god for the mask to hide my face. I didn’t know what expression would be on it, but I was
absolutely certain it would give me away.

All Crane did though was nod in return, pick up the scout’s unconscious body and sling it
over his shoulders, and turn to go back to the lake. “You’re good at it,” he said as Urushi and
I fell in behind him at an easy jog. “My apologies for interfering, I misread the situation.”

I nearly tripped. Should I say thank you? No worries? Did ANBU people say no worries?
Probably not. Definitely not in a high-pitched star-stuck kind of voice. Not that I was star-
struck, but still. ANBU probably didn't completely ignore each other either, so I mumbled
something that almost resembled words and hoped they conveyed the right meaning.
Internally, I was still caught on the casual you’re good at it - was this a positive sign that he’d
be willing to teach me? Not be my teacher, that was still Kakashi, but - I mean, I only wanted
to know the secret of his success and recreate his entire skillset for myself. That wasn’t too
much to ask. Right? Right. What were a few illusions between random ANBU and the
tagalong genin who wasn’t meant to be on the same mission as them but was anyway because
reasons. Entirely reasonable, that’s what.

… I should probably stick to my original plan of bribery, but I was going to take his praise as
a good omen all the same.
The strike team were dead. Fragments of Kidomaru’s hard exoskeleton littered the water
around him, but he himself looked remarkably normal and un-cursed, at least as much as
someone with six arms and a chidori where their heart should be could. Or, evidence of a
chidori. It wasn’t still chidori-ing now. As for Tayuya, she had the sort of neat, brutally
efficient kunai wound that spoke of someone being too distracted by one ANBU to notice the
other sneaking up behind them. It wasn’t dramatic or flashy, and for all we were ninja it was
the sort of tactic that was often frowned on by the idiots who cared more about honour than
practicality, but it was undeniably effective all the same.

There was one other corpse, multiple times larger than a normal human and just wrong
enough to be off-putting without it being obvious why. Ogre, I realised - that was what
Tayuya summoned, she summoned ogres. This one in particular had long hair hanging in a
solid sheet over its face, a black jumpsuit, and an enormous club covered in head-sized metal
studs. It was half-submerged in the marsh, and though I couldn’t quite tell with the way it had
slumped, I got the horrible feeling that it was missing most of its lower jaw. And chin. And -
oh god, please don’t say there was just a gaping void under all that hair. That would be. No.

Moving on.

I hung back while the other two dealt with the bodies. I’d never been taught how to prepare
one for sealing, and in the middle of a rainy battlefield while I was pretending to be someone
competent didn’t exactly seem like the best time to learn. For the sake of completeness
Urushi and I looped round in a quick patrol route to check for surviving enemies, but neither
of us were surprised when we didn’t find any. When I came back Crane was holding out the
scout’s arm (sans the hand, why did he have to choose that one) and pushing up the kimono
sleeve to show Kakashi something on her wrist.

I drifted closer to look. What I’d initially taken as more cursed-seal markings on her forearm
were clearly not, as despite the rest of her transformation fading these ones had stuck around.
They formed one long line, winding three times around her arm and stopping just where the
stump ended, with an odd open figure of eight at the end.

“Snake summoner,” Kakashi confirmed grimly. “Small snakes would be easy for the strike
team to keep with them, and they’re one of the stronger species. If they didn’t want to be
seen, they wouldn’t be.”

I blinked, glancing automatically at Urushi as I followed that to its conclusion. “The scout
summoned the snake, and the snake brought the strike team with them? That’s how they’ve
been getting around?” And if it was, could we do that with the dogs?

From Urushi’s curious and somewhat doubtful expression, he didn’t think so. Neither did
Pakkun, who’d parked himself between Urushi’s front legs and was resolutely using him as
an umbrella. “Not unless the snakes know something the rest of us don’t,” he said. “We can
bring people to the summon realm if we need to, but not from one point in the human world
to another.”

“Ok, so, how likely is that?” He tilted his head curiously at me, and I elaborated, “That the
snakes figured it out.”
  “They’re snakes. If it’s not a new way to swallow their tails instead of chasing them, they
  don’t care.”

  Well. That didn’t sound dismissive at all, Pakkun. What snake bit you and turned you
  grumpy. I opened my mouth to argue the point, but Crane cut across before I could.

  “Orochimaru’s an inventor,” he said diplomatically. “He’s more interested in the summon
  realm than most. It wouldn’t be impossible for him to have developed something with the
  snakes that they couldn’t have done by themselves.”

  “It’s the most likely explanation,” Kakashi agreed. “Either way, we won’t know for sure until
  the scout can be questioned. We’ll pass our theories on to the relevant people, but our mission
  is retrieval, not interrogation.” His gaze lingered on the byakugan implanted in the scout’s
  other hand, expression tightening; its removal was another thing that would have to wait,
  none of us were skilled enough medic nins to handle eye transplants.

  Not that eye transplants should be a thing. If Hinata didn’t have it, no one should have it, and
  we were all skilled enough with a kunai to destroy it. But. Not my decision.

  Crane nodded smoothly, and I mimicked it on instinct, though I wasn’t sure I quite nailed his
  professionalism. Konoha had a base camp not too far from us, set in the marshes a short way
  back from the border with Rice. With Kidomaru’s and Tayuya’s corpses sealed away and the
  scout kept unconscious by a stasis seal, we took off, pushing hard and fast to reach safety
  before Sound could send someone to intercept us.

  Ten minutes into the run I gave up being cold and shifted my chakra to fire. It helped, but not
  enough, and a few minutes after that I subtly pressed my palms against the tenketsu points in
  my chest and activated the immolation jutsu. I would still much rather be out on a mission
  with Kakashi than back in Konoha without him, but bloody hell. I thought it was meant to be
  summer. Also my socks were wet through and I couldn’t readjust them because I was henged
  into a stupid uniform that didn’t even have socks, so my feet were not only getting frost bite,
  they were getting blisters on top of it just for fun.

  And Urushi was running with Kakashi because ANBU Hound wasn’t meant to be a dog
  summoner. Why was ANBU Hound not meant to be a dog summoner. It was in the fecking
  name. ANBU Hound. Ridiculous.

  The rain lightened from a monsoon downpour to a steady, soul-destroying drizzle that lasted
  until exactly seven minutes before the camp finally came into view. The clouds cleared, the
  moon came out, the stars sparkled merrily in the sky, and I took full advantage of the fact that
  I had a mask on to scowl up at them in outrage for their timing.

  Ridiculous.



Chapter End Notes
Kakashi: Should I... ask how she knows how to henge an ANBU uniform so accurately?
Kakashi:
Kakashi:
Kakashi: I'm sure it's not important

Ninja stabby times: Amputation. A secondary character gets their hand torn off by
Sasuke's kawarimi; it's not described in great detail, but proceed with caution from "I let
go of the kawarimi thread to Urushi and created a new one" onwards, and be aware that
the missing hand is mentioned a few times after that point as well.
                                       Chapter 40: War arc: VII
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Interlude: Team leader of a divided team

   She picked at dinner. Again. It was rice, grilled pork, more pickled vegetables to accompany
   it than a dinner for two strictly deserved. Tomorrow’s lunch was already made and set aside
   in the fridge; leftovers onigiri, half in neat triangle shapes, half painstakingly - lopsidedly -
   moulded into little white dog faces.

   Her dad hadn’t quite grasped the concept of Tsuki as a summon dog. He thought she was a
   delight, small and fluffy and adorable and absolutely shameless about showing off in front of
   him. Sakura didn’t quite know how to bring up that summons meant clan and that accepting
   Tsuki while rejecting Kakashi had lost her a teammate, so she didn’t. Perhaps if her mum
   were there, but her mum was stuck in the capital on the other side of a war blockade, and her
   dad was doing his best to be supportive of everything she did. It didn’t feel right to disappoint
   him.

   Not that he’d be disappointed. That wasn’t his style. You can’t change a fact by frowning at
   it, he’d tell her. Smile instead, and go where life takes you with an open mind. The world is
   as it is, little flower. It’s up to you to be happy with it or not.

   Sasuke would not have agreed.

   Sakura picked at dinner, smiling for her dad and brushing it off as nothing important, and
   went out after to train. It was a better use of daylight than anything else she had to do.



   “Pakkun wants you,” Tsuki said, ears swinging forwards and curly tail lifting up. “I can get
   him?”

   Sakura didn’t slow from her jog. “Sure.” She dismissed Tsuki in one motion, counted four
   steps, then bit her thumb and smeared it over the scroll to resummon her again, Pakkun
   appearing seamlessly alongside. “Jiraiya’s in another meeting. Try the Hokage tower, he
   should be finished soon.”

   “It can wait,” Pakkun assured her. “I don’t only come back to talk to him.”

   She held her tongue on what she wanted to say in response to that. Pakkun didn’t add
   anything further though, just settled into a steady trot beside her, deceptively dignified for
   how fast his short legs were going to keep up.

   They ran in silence for long enough that it started to feel awkward.
“How are the others?” Sakura finally asked. Tsuki perked up to listen; she hadn’t taken well
to Sasuke leaving. She hadn’t understood why Sakura and Naruto couldn’t just go and join
her, or why they had to stay with the coward-man when Kitten and the big dog-man were
somewhere else. Neither had Naruto - Sasuke was team, she belonged with them in a way
that Jiraiya and Kakashi did not, and though he said it was for Sasuke’s benefit that they
should find her and bring her back, Sakura knew that it was at least in part for his. He and
Sasuke had barely spent a night apart since - since the Wave mission. With everything he’d
faced, growing up alone and hated and even Sakura used to ignore him whenever she could,
she couldn’t exactly blame him for latching on to someone who so obviously cared. She
could think (though not be tactless enough to say) that it made him react emotionally rather
than rationally, but she couldn’t blame him.

Sakura didn’t have that excuse. She was a civilian in a ninja world, sure, it came with its own
problems, but she’d never lived through what Naruto had. Or Sasuke. And she’d been trying
to be more understanding of that - she knew she wasn’t the best at it, but sometimes she
thought it would’ve been easier to work with her teammates’ needs if her teammates would
tell her what their needs actually were. Provide meat alternatives, yes, try to keep them safe
even if the world seemed determined to stop her, sure, be patient with their secrets rather than
demanding they share what they weren’t comfortable with - but. I don’t know what to do,
she’d said. I want to help but I’m not and I’m sorry. What can I do?

And Sasuke had shrugged, and said, Come see the fish?

“Sorry, Pup,” Pakkun said, like he had done for the last three visits that Sakura had asked.
“Still classified.” He licked his nose, then added, “But good. She’s doing good.”

Sakura nodded. “I’m glad,” she said honestly, shaking herself out of her pointless musing.
Sasuke had told her what she needed; not in so many words, perhaps, but actions speak
louder and Sasuke was rarely quiet with those. She’d needed Kakashi. She had Kakashi.
Maybe Sakura still didn’t see why Kakashi was so important - he wasn’t a good sensei, he’d
left too much of the leading to Sakura and too much of the teaching to literally anyone else
for Sakura to have built that kind of trust in him - but it was Sasuke’s decision, not hers, and
like Pakkun said. She was doing well. And if Sakura was going to be a good team leader, a
good friend, then she’d respect that, even if neither Tsuki nor Naruto understood.

“I’m glad,” she repeated, stronger, putting her doubts aside. She wouldn’t get anywhere by
worrying. Sasuke was where she wanted to be, Jiraiya wasn’t ideal but he was teaching
Sakura what she needed to know, and she’d hardly be able to support Naruto by dithering.
The world is as it is, little flower. It wasn’t going to wait for her to have a crisis over it not
being fair.

She changed course so her path would take her up the Hokage monument, settled into a better
stride, and kept running.

                                                ___

The entire situation at the camp, I decided, was designed specifically to annoy me and I
would be well within my rights to set the place on fire.
Well. That may have been a slight exaggeration. Only a slight one though, and it didn’t
change the fact that my feelings were valid and would not be denied - even if they would be
difficult to act on, given how damp and soggy everything was. Because it was shit. All of it. I
mean, fine, the semi-flooded areas that made up northern Fire Country were great for paddy
fields, but consider please the fact that I wasn’t a farmer. I liked the dry forests to the south.
They were dry.

Semi-flooded areas were large bodies of still water. Large bodies of still water, particularly in
the height of summer, had mosquitos.

For entirely unrelated reasons I’d become practiced enough with the immolation jutsu to keep
my skin running at a permanent fever-temperature, with side benefits of flambeing any mini
bloodsuckers that attempted to grab hold. Yes, it was uncomfortable. Yes, it was tiring to
keep my chakra as fire for long stretches at a time. No, I wasn’t taking constructive criticism
on my coping methods, piss off.

Kakashi’s hand was like ice against my forehead, I couldn’t stop myself leaning into it if I
tried.

“You’re warm,” he said, frowning in worry. I waved him off.

“Mosquitos. Don’t worry, I’m fine.”

He didn’t seem convinced. “Don’t ignore fevers. Chakra only burns out most diseases, it
never protects you from all of them. The mosquitos round here can be deadly if you’re not
careful.”

I blinked. “It’s just a stay-warm jutsu,” I said, somewhat taken aback. “It keeps the insects
away.” Then, moving past that to the far more important question of, “Why did they build the
camp in the middle of a swarm of killer insects?” I knew, obviously, that insect-borne
diseases were a thing, but Konoha had the Aburame clan. The diseases were a thing, but a
thing that happened to other people who lived far away where amazing people like Shino
didn’t exist to protect them.

“They didn’t, actually. Samurai did. Do you have a headache?”

“Head - no? What do you mean samurai did, there haven’t been any samurai for -”

“Rash? Nausea, muscle aches?”

I batted him away, wrinkling my nose and sitting pointedly back on my heels so I was out of
reach. “Urushi would’ve smelt it if I was sick,” I told him, gesturing down at the base of the
wall where Urushi was napping in the sun. He, at least, didn’t seem bothered by the insects -
Pakkun said that summons didn’t have the same kind of blood as other animals, there was
nothing for the mosquitos to care about. He didn’t tell me until after I’d spent a full day
carefully carrying Urushi up to the highest parts of the camp so we’d both be out of reach of
the worst offenders, but it had been good practice for us to get used to scaling walls together,
so. I allowed it. “Go back to the samurai, they’re interesting. How are there samurai?”
“The same way there’s anyone else,” Kakashi said, accepting my change of topic dubiously.
“Less now than there used to be. This isn’t a recent camp, though - see the ditch? The wall’s
new, but the ditch marks where the old samurai base was from when Fire Country expanded
north.”

I squinted. I’d assumed the ditch was a natural consequence of using doton jutsu to pull up
the compressed earth and stone mix that the wall and most of the buildings were made of, but
if I looked for evidence of it being older, then. Maybe? It was hard to tell with how wet
everything was. I think I might’ve known, in a general sense, that Fire Country had a military
past that had led to them becoming one of the larger of the Elemental Countries, but samurai
history wasn’t my forte. Konoha certainly didn’t teach it, and the clan had been more
concerned with our own wars than other people’s.

“Ok, so. Why did the samurai build their camp in a swarm of killer insects?”

“Ah.” Kakashi tilted his head thoughtfully. “Maybe there weren’t any back then?”

“There weren’t any.”

He eye-smiled winningly. “Or maybe they didn’t mind. It’s a good place to control the
marshes from, that could’ve been more important.”

“No one doesn’t mind being chewed on. It’s inhumane. The camp’s huge, there must be an
Aburame here somewhere, why has no one fixed this. It’s gross.”

“Saa, you’re being grumpy again. Shall we help out the mess hall or the hospital tent this
time?”

I pulled a face. We’d delivered the scout in the early hours of yesterday morning, been
instructed to stay within the borders of the camp and await further orders, and not heard
anything since. Technically, both Kakashi and I were here on ANBU business and outside the
jurisdiction of either the genin corps or the Jounin commander - I’d run into Shikaku last
night (literally run into, I was mortified and half-convinced he’d done it on purpose because
what, I don’t run into people) which was the only reason I knew he was here, given how little
information anyone gave us. No, I wasn’t sore about that, because I did actually understand
how confidential worked, but also yes I was annoyed because I really wanted to know what
was happening with the scout that, you know, we spent a week hunting down in the rain. But
anyway. Outside of Kakashi’s role in ANBU, no one should be giving him orders. Outside of
my role as Kakashi’s student, no one should be giving me orders. In theory. In reality, we
were at war, the genin corps were stressed as fuck, and we were lending a hand where we
could.

“Mess hall,” I chose, as I had done the past three times Kakashi had decided we needed
something other than training to occupy ourselves. I dropped down next to Urushi and
Pakkun, Kakashi landing beside me with a soundless thump. “Do you reckon they’ll have
found a fruit that grows here yet? Pears have good roots. I bet pears would grow here. I love
that they have fish, but fish aren’t sweet. We should plant pears. Why are you looking at me
like that.”
“I was just thinking that someone should’ve told me earlier how food-motivated you were. It
would’ve made training a lot easier.”

I scowled at him, but Pakkun just huffed and let his tongue loll out. “I did tell you,” he
pointed out, and I shifted my scowl to him. And stuck my own tongue out, because I had one
too, and if he was going to be rude to me I could be rude back to him, so. So there.



The camp was large. I hadn’t been sure at first, but the longer we spent there the more
convinced I was that I was right: it wasn’t just a camp in the north near the border with Rice
and Sound, it was the camp. The big one. I already knew Shikaku was here, and if the scout
was as important as everyone said, I wouldn’t be surprised if Inoichi was the one leading her
interrogation. It made sense, in a Konoha sort of way. Orochimaru had gone to a lot of effort
firstly to get the byakugan and then secondly to keep secret the fact that he was using it;
getting it back and killing the scout before we got any useful information from her would be
high on his priority list. Our options were either to hide that we had her - or at least where we
had her - for as long as possible, or to put her somewhere so well defended he wouldn’t dare
trying to retrieve her.

Guess which one Konoha went for. You know, that sneaky ninja village, full of sneaky ninjas.
Guess.

Though, maybe I was missing some of the subtext. My grasp on ninja politics was filtered
somewhat erratically through my mum’s simplified teachings and what I’d learnt through the
clan histories and memoirs (which even I could admit were biased and old fashioned, but in
my defence the warring states weren’t that long ago and the basic principles of one-
upmanship hadn’t changed much in the interim) - but civilian politics? I. No. There was a
Daimyo. He was meant to be the one in charge, except his wife had more contact with
Konoha than he did and she mainly used us as a cat retrieval service. That was… about all I
knew.

Did it even count as Fire and Rice being at war if Konoha and Sound were? I was guessing
not because the war declaration had come from the Hokage and not the Daimyo and because
no one was officially sending any Konoha nin over the border into Rice, but on the other
hand, really? Sound had disrupted trade across the entire country. If Kakashi was right, then
Konoha had moved into the old Samurai stronghold, you know, no reason, certainly not a
warning to Rice’s Daimyo to fall in line and remember what happened last time Fire attacked
them, how could I possibly think it was anything to do with that?

I mean. If it wasn’t a deliberate warning to Rice, then way to accidentally insult an entire
country. Or maybe civilian politics just worked differently. No self respecting Uchiha clan
head would pass up the opportunity to throw shade like that, but like I said, I didn’t have
much experience with Daimyos. The fact that we weren’t officially sending ninja over the
border didn’t stop a steady stream of stealth missions going out in a suspiciously north-ward
direction each night, so. I could be reading too much into things. Not the genin corps - those
were occupied manning patrols and outposts and trying to fix the infrastructure the remaining
scout-and-strike-team kept destroying - but the corps weren’t the only ninja in the camp.
“Sasuke,” Kakashi said abruptly, appearing in front of me in a swirl of shunshin. “I’m
teaching you.”

I abandoned my attempts to replace the water chakra in my chakra arms with fire chakra so I
could use them while keeping the immolation jutsu running at the same time. We were yet
another day down, and any hope I had for being told what was happening with the scout we’d
caught was dwindling fast. “Yes? You are?” I frowned. “If Jiraiya’s trying -”

“Ah, not quite.” He shook his head, and sank down to a much more comfortable crouch
beside me. “I meant, now. Right now. I’m teaching you. What do you want to learn?”

I paused. Urushi lifted an ear, but didn’t otherwise seem bothered by anything, so I doubted
right now was a code I was meant to know. Pakkun was absent again, and therefore no help.
But if I were a Jounin commander and I had Kakashi sitting around not doing anything in my
camp... “You’re too busy for a mission because you have me?”

He bopped me on the head. “Saa, you don’t always need to worry about why people do
things. You’re too insightful as it is.”

I wrinkled my nose. There was no such thing as too insightful. I liked knowing what was
going on. “You’re not too busy, but the mission’s too dangerous for a genin, and you don’t
want to leave me behind.” By his long-suffering expression, I was either right, or close
enough that it counted. I dropped a hand down to Urushi’s fur, and ducked my head to hide
my smile behind my hair. Not wanting to leave me behind was an excellent reason to refuse a
mission. If anyone asked, Kakashi had been drilling me mercilessly from sunup to midnight,
the training was of vital importance and couldn’t possibly be skipped, and if they didn’t
believe it I’d call them out for doubting the integrity of not one but two clan heads and set
Shiba on them for the insolence.

Unless they were Shikaku. In which case I’d just. Not be there. Foolproof.

In the present though, “Teach me how to add scents? And sounds. I can do the visual part of
genjutsu, but Urushi can smell the difference every time.”

“Scents,” Kakashi repeated, frowning thoughtfully. “You’ll do better encouraging people that
something’s real and letting them fill in the details themselves, but I can show you some. Tell
me if I’m making them too weak for you - I don’t know how bad your nose is.”

I nearly let that slide, because he was Kakashi, then remembered that he’d been brought up
by Pakkun and Pakkun liked to mess with people on purpose. I shouldn’t be encouraging him
to follow suit. “It’s not bad. It’s human. It might even be good, you don’t know. Your nose
doesn’t count, it’s been dogified.” He raised an eyebrow, and I huffed, but held firm. “I’ll tell
you, but it’ll be because you’re underestimating me and making them too strong. My nose is
fine.”



My nose, it turned out, was a lot less fine than Kakashi’s was. Given that Kakashi’s was
literally superhuman that didn’t necessarily mean anything, but I chose not to mention it all
the same. We got my illusions to a stage where your average ninja would be fooled, Urushi
could still tell the difference every time, it was grand. Moving on.



By the third day, it was getting difficult to hide my restlessness. As nice a thought as it was
that Kakashi had turned down any missions because he didn’t want to lead me into danger, by
this stage, I was struggling to believe it. There had to be some reason Shikaku was keeping
him close. I mean, we'd already brought in one strike team, surely we could at least be sent
after the other? Mess hall duty was fine, but it was hardly the best use of someone on
Kakashi’s level. Unfortunately - or potentially fortunately, depending how you looked at it - I
didn’t run into Shikaku again to ask him, but I did see him a few times, mostly by virtue of
spending as much time as possible perched up high to escape the mosquitos. I amused myself
by comparing his body language to Shikamaru and seeing if I could read anything from how
aggressively slouched he was at any given time. No, was the answer, but I did manage to spot
Inoichi once, so. Jounin Commander and Head of T&I's presence in the camp confirmed. Go
me.

Watching them from a distance did jack all to tell me what they’d learnt from the scout. Or
what they’d decided to do with the information. The genin corps were still being sent out -
often with Suna nin - to mend bridges and man outposts (and, presumably for the Suna nin, to
die horrible deaths along the way in case they turned out to be enemies); the assorted chuunin
and jounin in the camp were still heading up towards the border in small groups and coming
back under the cover of darkness; Kakashi was beginning to get twitchy in a way that said he
wasn’t any better at sitting around when everything was so tense than I was, he just had more
experience of it; I’d worked so many shifts in the mess hall I could be on first name terms
with the corps members that staffed it if I wanted to be -

War, I was learning, was a lot of waiting, a lot of being kept in the dark, and only a very little
action or horrific suffering. Even the Hokage had left the front lines to go back to Konoha. If
the insect death trap even counted as a front line given how little had happened here. Pakkun
brought us enough news from Jiraiya to know that there’d been no attacks on the village
itself, and with the new measures in place to shore up the defences no one really thought
there would be.

I felt… cheated. Not cheated. That sounds like I was looking forward to war being awful,
which I wasn’t, but I’d at least expected it to be worse than this. So far it was more
inconvenient than anything else. Yes, people were dying, but. We were ninja. People died a
lot. How was I supposed to convince people that war was terrible and we should avoid it at
all costs if war didn’t follow through and be terrible to back me up?

Maybe I wasn’t. Maybe it wasn’t. Or maybe that was bullshit, and something didn’t have to
be universally, relentlessly gruesome to still qualify as a human rights violation, but then
what was it about war in particular that made it so much worse than anything else? Like I
said, we were ninja. We killed people all the time. It wasn’t great, but I thought war would
be… more. Tangibly different. Like you could draw a line under it and say no, this was a step
too far, the other stuff was bad but this was unreasonable and evil and had to stop. Except I
didn’t think I could.
I didn’t have an answer. I didn’t know how to explain it enough to ask Kakashi either, and
though Urushi whined sympathetically and tried to lick my face to cheer me up, I wasn’t sure
he understood. I wasn’t sure I understood. I’d never been in a war before.

“Equipment,” I told him as we approached the storage building. “Apparently the corps
centralise their supplies and maintenance, they don’t ask everyone to provide their own.” I
pulled a face. We’d been taught back in the academy how to sharpen a kunai and keep it from
rusting, I was sure the corps did at least that for themselves, but a ninja’s life was in their
tools. I’d rather be in control of things myself, thanks, even if that meant I lacked the range
the corps were given access to.

“We’re helping out. Makes a change from the mess hall, at least. Not that I mind the mess
hall. Giant cooking pots are fun, the curry’s just under-spiced. People need to stop being so
wussy, it doesn’t taste of anything if it isn’t at least a little hot. Shunting me off to stack
shuriken is - wait a minute, I know you.”

I blinked. The equipment building was a low, doton-made bunker, with a far greater emphasis
on practicality than ventilation. It wasn’t horrendously lit inside but there also wasn’t an
abundance of electricity this far into the middle of marsh-land, and the small windows and
sharp contrast from the sun outside made it harder to see than I would’ve liked. Still - I
recognised that hair. Wild, messy, at odds with the neat precision of the ninja underneath it;
I’d found Crane.

In the form of Shop-san Suisei.

I squinted.

“Morning, Uchiha-kun,” he greeted politely. “Are you here in search of something?”

I squinted harder, carefully keeping my face muscles still so it was only my eyes that
narrowed. If it was anyone other than Crane, I’d activate my sharingan to check if his hair
was the illusion I suspected it was, but given that it was Crane he’d almost certainly be able
to see through my dark-eyes genjutsu. Without the safety of Kakashi’s mask to hide behind, I
couldn’t risk it.

“Here to help,” I said distractedly, swinging my arm in what I hoped was a natural movement
to try and catch Urushi’s attention. “They said the corps needed some weapons
maintenance?”

It had to be Crane. The voice was off, but not by a lot, and I already knew the masks
disguised that. Besides, voices were easy enough to change if you knew how. A genjutsu
expert specialising in disguises would definitely know how. His height matched, his hands
were the same size, he even held himself a similar way - and seriously, what were the chances
of him not being Crane? How many people fitting his description could the camp be expected
to have? How many people fitting his description who weren’t surprised to see me, even.
Most of the camp assumed I was a random member of the genin corps, either Suisei just
didn’t realise how odd it was that I was here or he already knew I was because he’d
recognised me when I was being Hound.
“It’s no trouble,” he promised. “But if you’re happy to, then I could certainly use the
company.”

Urushi yawned and lay down next to me, giving his tail a lazy wag against my ankle as he did
so. He recognised Suisei as a friend at least, but even without his confirmation I was already
slotting information together. Suisei took random odd jobs covering shifts because he was out
of the village a lot, that was something Naruto’d mentioned before. That fit with ANBU.
Better, that fit with long-term undercover missions, the sort of missions that were perfect for
a genjutsu specialist no one had heard of before - I’d bet anything that his genjutsu skills
were kept out of his official records to stop an enemy making the connection. And his hair,
obviously his hair as Suisei was the illusion. It would let him wear his real hair on his
mission and keep Suisei - and Crane - completely separate from his undercover persona. Can
you imagine being caught in enemy territory with a constantly running henge? You’d be
dead. It made so much more sense to do it this way round.

Not that anyone would catch him. He was too good for that. I’d thought he was perfect before
but I hadn’t understood the extent of it; his illusions were flawless, he could literally dance
between the raindrops he was so fast, he was proven sneaky and cunning in exactly the way a
ninja should be, and he was on the very short list of people who were nice to Naruto and
therefore allowed to continue. Konoha didn’t deserve him. He needed rescuing. We worked
well with him before, Kakashi and I could add him to our team. He was made for us.

He was also reaching for a whetstone and asking over his shoulder if I was familiar at all with
swords, and I may potentially have interrupted him when I blurted, “Do you like ice cream
and will you teach me genjutsu?”

He paused. I paused. Urushi didn’t pause, just dropped his chin to the ground and disavowed
all connection to me.

Genuinely, I swear, I can be subtle when I need to be.

“I’m more partial to sweets, myself,” Suisei finally said. “Or seaweed, though that isn’t quite
the same.” He passed me the whetstone, along with a sheathed short sword that looked
identical to the standard ANBU tanto. “I’m guessing you prefer ice cream?”

“Sweets are good. I like sweets. Not chocolate, it’s boring. Except if you like chocolate then
it’s probably fine, even though it isn’t actually a sweet, but if you want it to be then it can be
and I won’t call it boring anymore - but do you like other sweets? Other sweets are better
unless you don't like them then that’s ok too and um, I should, I’ll just sharpen this. I’ll. Yes.”

Why. When I didn’t want people to like me, they ended up declaring themselves my friends.
When I actually did want to make a good first impression on someone, I produced this. Why.
Why. The world was unjust and cruel, and I was going to take my tanto and my whetstone
and sit against the wall as I checked it over, and then everyone would forget this ever
happened and things could be good again. I hadn’t missed that Suisei had dodged the
genjutsu question but I also wasn’t going to risk pressing it at the moment because who knew
what string of nonsense words I’d come out with if I tried.
Thankfully, Suisei seemed more gently amused than anything else, and was happy to leave
me to it while he busied himself with other tasks. He hadn’t given me anything to oil the
sword with so I assumed it was fine on that front, but the biggest danger to metal tools -
particularly in a hot, wet environment like the one we were in - was water damage. I used my
fingertips to check the scabbard for cracks or anywhere that needed re-waxing, and only
moved onto the blade when I was sure everything else was fine.

When I pulled it out though, I hesitated. Swords weren’t a clan weapon or taught in the
academy, and Kakashi had never shown an inclination to pass those particular skills on, but I
was at least vaguely familiar with what a tanto should look like. Or, what Itachi’s tanto
looked like, and as his was ANBU issue I assumed it was pretty standard. This one looked...
off? Maybe. No it definitely did, it just took me a second to work out why.

“You’re more used to the shinogi?” Suisei guessed when he saw my confusion. I blinked up
at him, and he elaborated, “The ridge down the length of the blade.”

“No, I know what it is.” I hadn’t known what it was called, but I knew what it was. He was
right; where Itachi’s had a clear divide between a thicker side and a thinner, cutting edge, the
blade of this tanto was one flat piece, more like a kitchen knife than what I thought of as a
sword. Still deadly, I was sure, and still strong enough to do what it was designed to - but not
as strong as it could be if it had been made with more support. “I was just trying to work out
why you’d leave it off.”

“For cost, Uchiha-kun. These ones are faster to make, and the smithing process is easier to
learn.”

My confusion turned to an annoyed frustration. “That’s stupid. People die if their weapons
break. Genin corps are people, that means they die. Cutting corners because they’re not full
ninja is shit.”

Suisei was quiet, enough that my brain caught up to my mouth and I remembered - he wasn’t
Kakashi, or even Sakura or Naruto. Your average Konoha citizen might not be quite as
blindly obedient as I’d used to assume they were, but badmouthing the system so carelessly
was still not the best idea I’d ever had. I glanced up at him, keeping my head angled down
and my shoulders deliberately relaxed as I waited for his response.

All he said was, “Your beliefs are admirable, Uchiha-kun.” I wrinkled my nose; they weren’t
admirable beliefs, they were basic facts. There was a difference. He flashed me a smile when
he noticed my offence, soft and almost sad but gone too fast for me to properly read it. “It’s a
good thing,” he promised me, which was completely missing the point. “I hope you’re able to
keep them. May I suggest though that you don’t call the genin corps ‘not full ninja’ where
they can hear you?”

“Sorry,” I said, fighting the sudden urge to glance around the room to check no one had been
in earshot. They hadn’t been - other than the three of us, the storage room was empty - so I
turned back to the sword in my hands. “Do you want me to just sharpen it, or…?”

“There’s always more when you’ve finished with that one, but if you notice anything that
needs doing then let me know. And I’m sorry too; I can’t teach you any genjutsu today, but
maybe another time.” He tilted his head apologetically, and offered, “When we’re back in
Konoha, perhaps, if your sensei approves.”

I chewed my lip, trying to decipher if there was any ulterior motive, but if there was I
couldn’t see one. I was being too cynical, I decided. Suisei was nice. A little bit melancholy
behind the politeness, but nice. Naruto liked him, Kakashi called him loyal, and my instincts
said to trust him.

“When we’re back in Konoha,” I agreed. “I’ll bring sweets. But not chocolate, I lied about
that being good. Unless you really like it, but fruit sweets are still better. They’ve got colours.
And flavour. Chocolate’s fine too. I can bring chocolate, unless it’s not your favourite, then I
won’t because we deserve better in life than that.”

Fucking hell, brain. Stop.

“I like both,” Suisei assured me, and I smiled back at him rather than risk opening my mouth
again.



Sound attacked at sunset. The egrets had flown over on their daily migration an hour or so
before, the sky was a burnt-orange fading to a starry black, and the clouds were pink-outlined
silhouettes against it. I was in the middle of the camp, perched on the tall centre-pole of one
of the octagonal accommodation tents, waiting for the mosquitos to calm down so it would be
safe to return to ground level for the night. My immolation jutsu was running hot, and I was
down to a loose crop top and a baggy pair of pants in an attempt not to overheat.

They were borrowed from the corps. The clothes, not Sound. Following your sensei to war
with only the clothes on your back sounds great in theory, but without the pressing urgency of
a tracking mission to keep you distracted the reality of permanently lived-in clothes was a lot
harder to ignore. I still wore my own clothes, but I also washed them as frequently as
possible, and instead of washing myself at the same time and wearing damp clothes until both
they and I dried together, I’d just… not done that.

The camp was huge. Kakashi was there. Shikamaru’s dad was there. I spent most of my time
training or helping out with menial chores. Maybe saying I felt safe wasn’t right but I hadn’t
seen the harm in borrowing some clean clothes for the evening while I waited for mine to dry.

And then the sun went down, and Sound attacked the camp.

They came so fast.

One ninja, travelling low. Left hand held in front of his face, byakugan exposed on the back
of it. The other scout. He wasn’t supposed to be here - he was supposed to be way off to the
east, summoning his strike team to mess with our supply trains from the coast and harass our
fishing villages. Scouts travelled on foot; it shouldn’t have been possible for him to have got
here so fast. Except - behind him, curving round to approach the camp from the other side; a
girl. Red hair. No byakugan (where would she have got it from? Hinata only had two eyes) or
if she had it she wasn’t using it in her hand like the other scouts had. She didn’t seem to need
it, evading the patrols just as deftly as her partner did. The only reason I saw her - him, either
of them - was because I had my sharingan open to monitor the insect levels.

I shifted to high alert, leaning forwards to drop down and raise the alarm. The movement
should have been too subtle for either of them to notice but the girl turned towards me all the
same, honing in on my position -

“Karin,” I breathed, wide-eyed. She grinned at me, cocky and confident, and held a finger to
her lips. I flicked my gaze down to her bare forearm as she did so; it was tattooed with the
same snake-summoning seal that the scouts used to summon their strike teams. And if the
strike teams could be summoned, then, logically, so could the scouts; the male scout had been
way off by the coast. Karin hadn’t been. She’d been using her chakra sense to get close
enough to the camp to call him, and now they were nearly at the gates and Konoha was only
starting to realise they were there, and I’d been so thrown by seeing Karin that I hadn’t
reacted in time and other people in the camp had already spotted them.

As soon as the alarm call went up, they abandoned stealth. Karin’s chain shot out to keep the
first responders at a distance while she ran through the seals of the summoning jutsu, and
when she slammed her hand into the boggy marsh, six ninja appeared, armed to the teeth and
already diving forwards to fight. The other scout did the same from his side of the camp; he
summoned Jirobo, Sakun and Ukon, and Kimimaro. Karin barely gave herself a moment’s
pause before moving again, six more ninja spilling out to join the fray - then again, again,
again until there were another twelve, eighteen, twenty four Sound and Suna nin. The genin
corps were pushing out to meet them but they were genin corps and the Suna genin already in
the camp were turning on them as well and they'd never been genin to begin with, Suna had
always been stacking the exam with chunin and then people were dying, I couldn’t tell you
what happened I don’t know what happened I heard people shouting and Jirobo grew four
times his size and was crushing people and a flash of silver to my left marked Kabuto with
his hands glowing blue as he cut people open with his scalpels and just ran past them while
they bled and the war had gone from inconvenient to chaotic I was sorry I’d ever doubted it -

“Sasuke,” Kakashi repeated, voice steady despite the tension in it. His fingers were on my
chin, pulling insistently until I looked at him. “Sharingan off. Now.”

“But -”

“Now, Sasuke.” He held my gaze until I complied, too shaken to argue. “It stays off, unless
you need it to survive. These aren’t memories you want to keep.”

“They’re fighting,” I said weakly. “We should -”

“Wear this,” he interrupted, all but putting Hound’s ANBU mask on my face for me. “Get
clear, and stay hidden. If it looks like someone’s found you, run - your speed is your greatest
asset.”

Over his shoulder, one of the ninja I’d worked with in the mess hall started convulsing,
collapsing in on herself as she died. Her killer stepped out from behind her, a nameless Sound
nin, I had no way of telling who. His right side was covered in armour, his left side in bits of
  people, and Crane appeared beside him in the next second and dropped him with a single
  kunai slice before shunshining on to kill someone else.

  “Run,” I repeated, my voice as flat as I could make it. Calm - no. Flat was the best I could do.
  “Run, yes, I can run. Can Urushi -”

  “Urushi will go with you,” Kakashi said, shoulders dropping a fraction in relief. Had he
  expected me to be stubborn about it? He’d made me promise not to fight. I didn’t want to
  fight. Bullheaded bravery was for the very strong and the very dead, I’d always chosen to
  survive. “He can lead you back here when it’s safe, or to another rendezvous point if it isn’t.”

  I nodded, already searching for the best thing to kawarimi with to get out of the camp. Not
  the furthest; without my sharingan, I was limited in distance, so I couldn’t afford to pick the
  wrong direction. Sand and Sound had started just outside the camp but the walls on two sides
  had been quickly overwhelmed. The corps and the few higher ranked ninja inside had taken
  the brunt of the attack at first, but reinforcements were pouring in - chuunin, jounin, all the
  ninja I’d thought had been sent north to the border with Rice; they were crashing into the
  camp in an ambush sweep that was swinging the battle wildly to Konoha’s favour. I had no
  idea where they’d been hiding or if this whole event had somehow been anticipated, but I
  wasn’t keen to get in their way.

  Kakashi’s hand on my head brought my attention back to him. He hesitated a fraction, then
  returned my nod, and vanished in a shunshin to join the fighting.

  I fixed a thread of chakra on a likely looking clump of reeds - it was firmly attached to the
  soil, but I’d rip it loose when I switched - and dropped down to collect Urushi to come with
  me.

  “It’s fine,” I assured him. “They’re already winning, they don’t need us. And - Karin knows
  what she’s doing. She’ll be fine.”

  He pressed back against my legs, ears up and twisting to catch the sound of anyone getting
  close to us. I crouched next to him, one arm hooking round his chest and the other over his
  back so he wouldn’t get too jostled on the way -

  And, with an explosive roar, Shukaku entered the fray.



Chapter End Notes



    Sasuke: War is... not as bad as I thought?
    War: hold my beer
                                       Chapter 41: War arc: VIII
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Oh, I thought. That’s why I couldn’t find Gaara anywhere.

   Any lingering doubts I’d had as to whether the Kazekage had heeded my warnings or not
   were summarily dealt with. Not that I’d had many doubts left; Karin should’ve been back in
   Konoha, safe in the Suna compound, for one. The Suna nin piling in to attack the camp
   alongside Sound were another big hint. But seeing the giant sand tanuki towering over the
   battle, Gaara a tiny speck of red hair and pale skin in the centre of its forehead - that was a
   pretty decisive nail in the coffin.

   For an agonising second, I hesitated. He didn’t look unconscious, so he hadn’t gone fully
   bijuu yet, but I didn’t know enough about how his seal worked to be confident he was safe. If
   he did release Shukaku fully, did Orochimaru have a plan to bring him back? Or would it
   come down to Konoha to stop him, and if they did, what would happen to him then? A
   jinchuuriki was a hell of an asset. Case in point: he’d been on the field for less than a minute,
   and both the southern and eastern quarters of the camp were already crumbling into the
   marsh.

   Urushi whined, a single, sharp sound that was almost like a whistle, calling me back to the
   present. I shook my head. Gaara had appeared suddenly and explosively - it wasn’t a slow
   build up as he lost control of Shukaku, it was deliberate. He was still up there directing the
   sand and fully in control. The water from the marshes might slow him down but he wasn’t in
   danger, and I wouldn’t be helping if I interfered.

   I mean. Maybe. Fifty fifty whether I could talk him down or not, but the last thing I wanted to
   do was convince him to stop attacking and leave him vulnerable to Konoha to scoop up. My
   only other option would be to run defence for him, but it wasn’t a role I was suited to, and
   it’d also put me on the other side of the battle from Kakashi, so. Not actually an option at all.

   “Don’t die,” I instructed him grimly, gathering both Urushi and my chakra again to kawarimi
   with the reeds I’d spotted earlier. “And don’t kill my sensei.”

   A trickle of sand next to me curled up, reforming into a Gaara-shaped clone as it did so.
   “Really bad hair and only one eye,” he said dutifully. “I haven’t seen anyone with one eye
   yet, but I’ll leave them alive if I do.”

   “What the fuck,” I hissed, flashing into the switch on instinct. I landed far too close to the
   camp for comfort, one foot on land and the other slipping shin-deep into soupy mud. “Also,
   one eye sometimes. And don’t sneak up on people, how the - shit the immolation jutsu.” I all
   but slapped my hand to my chest to cancel it, scrambling up to a dryer position as I did so. It
   wasn’t impossible he’d tracked me another way - the phrase ‘mother sensed your fear’ came
   unpleasantly to mind - but I was meant to be sneaking, and a constant output of fire chakra
   was hardly the best way to do that. “Where the hell’s your head at girl, get a fucking grip.”
Next to me, Urushi shifted restlessly in place. He wanted to run. Follow Kakashi’s orders, get
as far away as possible; his hackles were still raised and he was one step from latching onto
my sleeve and bodily dragging me to safety.

I shook my head. “We hide,” I told him, unwilling to go too far from Gaara. “It’s dark, there’s
enough chaos happening and the marshes are good for a camouflage genjutsu.” He didn’t
seem convinced, but I insisted. “It’s best if we stay close in case we’re needed. Or in case -
we don’t know what else is out there, it’s risky to be by ourselves. We can run if we’re
spotted, but I don’t think -”

He barked sharply in warning and I dodged unquestioningly. A giant sand-paw slammed
down where I’d been standing, fingers curling as it grabbed for me and spraying a small
tidal-wave of mud out from the force of the impact. “Running,” I squeaked. “Excellent,
fabulous, holy shit what happened to my situational awareness. Bloody fuck. Urushi move.”

We ran. Gaara’s sand lashed after us, claws scouring into the marshes as he tried to catch us -
me - in his grip. Gaara himself didn’t move though, and it was like his attention was split; I
couldn’t tell from this distance whether the swarming Konoha ninja around him were
blocking him from moving towards me or whether he was too reluctant to leave the
destruction he was causing to the camp, but either way, there was a limit to how far his sand
could reach and it wasn’t long before we were out of range.

“What the hell,” I panted, slowing to look behind. The adrenalin of running and dodging had
shaken off the last of the shock that’d been scattering my thoughts since the battle began, but
the bewilderment - and, honestly, the betrayal of Gaara attacking me wasn’t exactly an
improvement. Urushi nipped at my heels, and I shook my head. Emotions could happen later,
however confusing they were; my priority now was to pick up the pace and leave.

I turned to face forward, and nearly bent my spine in half ducking under Kabuto’s chakra-
wreathed palm strike.

“Wrong way, Uchiha-kun,” he said pleasantly. “The fighting’s over there.”

I kawarimid. There was no way I was sticking around to - fucking hell, he was fast. Faster
than I could track without my sharingan, so I flicked it on midway through leaping
backwards to avoid him again. I figured this counted as unless you need it to survive, and
also, the last time Kabuto got within touching distance of me he slipped his killing intent
under my skin and paralysed me with it. Funnily enough, it wasn’t an experience I was
willing to repeat.

“Wrong again,” he said, cutting off the new direction I tried to run in. If he was anyone else,
I’d trust my speed to get past him anyway, but I knew how he fought from his match against
Naruto - sudden unpredictable strikes, the same as I used, that I couldn’t risk myself getting
caught by. His chakra scalpals were out and he didn’t have any cover to maintain this time, he
wouldn’t be holding back. I had to keep my distance. It was stupid, and frustrating; I was
avoiding openings I should have taken and he noticed, tilting his head with a mocking smile
so the scant moonlight flashed off his glasses to hide his eyes.
“Are you fucking kidding me,” I muttered. Genjutsu. He used genjutsu to make his glasses -
no. No, there was no way I was scared of this, this posey motherfucker -

“Careful,” he warned, throwing a pair of kunai with pin-point accuracy to make me abandon
my position. I hated this. The marsh was too open, there was no cover, what was I meant to
do? Not helpful. Not pissing helpful, brain; he can throw things, so can I, let me grab this
shuriken and fling it at his fucking head -

He dropped into the marsh, chakra burning through the soil to hide him underground. I
immediately leapt up, instinct drilled into me from fighting Sakura demanding I get as far
from the ground as I could, but with nothing to land on it was a short lived plan. I came down
with a new one, bolting for Urushi and aiming for the closest lake so the water would protect
us. Halfway there, Urushi slammed into me, knocking me aside with a yelp as Kabuto
exploded up from the ground between us.

“Urushi!” I leapt back, frantically checking him for injuries. He wasn’t hurt, Kabuto missed -
but the distraction cost me, and Kabuto’s next swipe tore through the muscles in my leg.

I switched. Blindly, I didn’t know what with or which direction, I just had to get away. The
leg just about took my weight when I stood on it, but I couldn’t run, and from the way
Kabuto was stalking towards me he knew it. I staggered away, heart racing, praying that
Urushi would know better than to try and attack him. If he was anyone else. If he was anyone
else -

But he wasn’t, and complaining about it wouldn’t do anything. I grit my teeth; my chakra was
still fire, and while it would only take a few seconds to cycle it back to water, they were a few
seconds I didn’t think I had. Fine. Fine. I was Uchiha, wasn’t I, and speed wasn’t my only
skill. I threw a formation of shuriken, aiming both high and low so he couldn’t dodge; he
ducked under one and caught the other with fluid efficiency, immediately healing over the
wound it left in his hand without even flinching at the pain. That was fine too, and it bought
me the time I needed to fly through the hand seals for the grand fireball technique,
compressing the chakra until the fire came out smaller than I’d ever managed before, and
hotter, the core of it almost blindingly white. Kabuto cursed, flashing into a shunshin to flank
round to my side and avoid it but it was a simple matter of turning my head and keeping up
the steady stream of breath to make the jutsu follow him.

I took a limping step back to keep him in view, and my foot hit sand.

“I’ll see you later, Uchiha-kun,” Kabuto said politely, turning away and nodding as the
chakra over his hands subsided. “Please don’t bring your dog, animals are forbidden in the
lab.”

Between one heartbeat and the next, Gaara’s sand rose up to engulf me. It closed around my
bad leg first, pulling it out from under me then rushing forwards to catch me as I fell. I swore,
abandoning the fireball in favour of trying to kick the sand off so I could kawarimi away, but
it was a futile effort; the sand spread, catching my other leg and crawling up to hold
everything waist-down unyieldingly still. It bulged, reforming and darkening into a clawed,
bijuu-shaped hand lifting me up above the battlefield, the long trail of sand leading away
from it shortening and bringing me closer to him until it wasn’t a long trail at all, just a giant
tanuki arm, connected to a giant tanuki body, with Gaara as a tiny figure balanced on top of
its head.

“Gaara,” I panted, trying to understand what the hell he was doing. I was vaguely aware of a
flash of lightning jutsu somewhere below me, and a dark streak that I fancifully imagined
was Crane. Kakashi had said not to activate the sharingan again, but he’d also said I could
use it to survive, and as much as I trusted Gaara I didn’t feel like taking chances. “It’s Sasuke,
I know I’m wearing a different mask -”

“Mother sensed your fear,” he interrupted. It rumbled out, oddly stilted and far too loud,
almost as though he were projecting it over the entire battlefield instead of just talking to me.
“Your blood will prove that we exist.”

“My blood will what - Gaara, don’t!”

The sand closed over me. I was starkly reminded of the last time I’d been in this position,
exhausted and terrified and ready to give up. Like then, he had my lower half trapped, but left
a sphere of free space around my upper half. That was where the similarities ended though;
this time I fought him, lashing out with my fists while I forced my chakra back to water. In
this limited space, fire would hurt me more than it would hurt him; I needed my bubblehead
and I needed it now. Any fear I’d felt fighting Kabuto evaporated in the face of this new
threat. Whatever Shukaku was sensing, it was bullshit, and if Gaara thought - if either of
them thought I’d just roll over and die because he was a friend, then, then fuck that.

A torso-shaped area of sand peeled itself off from the inner wall of the sphere. Clone? Real?
Probably clone. I despised clones.

“Explain,” I hissed, barely refraining from slamming a kunai through his skull. He was
probably a clone. I probably wouldn’t actually hurt him.

“You need to go to sleep,” he said.

“You need to let me go,” I shot back. I gave him all of three seconds to answer, because I was
magnanimous like that, but when he only shook his head I lashed out, chakra arm sitting over
my knuckles in a mimicry of Sakura’s spikes. He blocked it with sand rather than dodging,
but that was fine; it was a feint, and the shuriken in my second hand connected, jamming into
the side of his chest at an angle that should’ve seen it sliding between his ribs.

It skittered, the sharp point failing to find purchase against his armour. Not a clone then. I
faltered, and he took the opportunity to increase the sand around me, pinning my wrists to my
side and holding me in place. I struggled, but not fast enough; I hadn’t actually thought it was
the real him I was attacking, and the possibility of killing him was a lot easier to face in the
hypothetical than when he was right in front of me.

He set his jaw mulishly. “It’s important. You need to go to sleep,” he repeated, moving
through the first hand seals of a jutsu.

I tensed. It didn’t look like a simple knock-out blow, and jutsu that affected the mind were
vicious. “Wait,” I tried, buying time. Was it a genjutsu or a mental technique? I didn’t have a
way to defend against mental techniques. What the fuck was I meant to do. “Gaara, please.
Just tell me what -”

“Sleep,” he insisted, and held the last seal to my forehead. I braced myself, sharingan
spinning to try and fight it off; if it was a physical impact then the Hound mask should go
some of the way to blocking it, I hoped, and if it was genjutsu-based I should manage, but the
hand seals didn’t match -

It was a lullaby jutsu.

I blinked.

Lullabies… weren’t for battle? They were. What? My mum used lullaby jutsu on me. When I
was tiny.

What. I… What?

It was definitely a lullaby jutsu. Sandy and abrasive as it was, Gaara’s chakra was gently
coaxing me to sleep. I didn’t recognise the melody of it - of course not, I thought, vaguely
hysterically; Suna would have different songs than Konoha, how would Gaara know
Konoha’s - how did Gaara know Suna’s - but it was still soothing, promising protection,
shade from the hottest sun, water in the deepest drought.

It was also so wildly different from what I was expecting, and apparently I’d been so well
trained as a baby to listen to chakra lullabies, that it was almost impossible to fight. I forcibly
blinked my eyes open but it was a losing battle, and my shoulders were slumping forwards
against his hold. The sand rose, climbing up first my waist and then my chest, then
swallowing the rest of my torso and coming up to my neck, until other than my head I was
completely covered in it.

I was distantly aware of Gaara phasing back into Shukaku’s fist and vanishing. My eyes
slipped closed.

And the sand flexed around my ribcage and crushed me.

Wakefulness returned in a startling, terrifying rush. Gaara’s chakra flared in panic as I
screamed, the lullaby turning ragged as he all but begged me to go back to sleep. I twisted,
trying desperately to get away - oh god, my lungs, I kept screaming but I was choking on
something and I could taste blood in my mouth what if he’d ruptured my lungs -

Then I was falling, rag-doll limp as he dropped me. I caught a flash of the camp, half of it
completely flattened; the battlefield with dead bodies littering the marsh like so much carrion
for the crows; the sky and the stars and everything blurring into unimportance compared to
the agony in my everything. It was a few seconds at most, and I spent them struggling to
breathe, struggling to process what had just happened, then the sand was catching me again. I
swallowed another scream; Gaara did his best to cushion my fall, but at least one of my ribs
was now stabbing into my organs and there was no way I was going to land without pain.
“- hurting,” Gaara was saying when I managed to focus on his voice again. He didn’t sound
like he was talking to me. “I thought being asleep would stop it, but she -”

Someone stole my mask, yanking it aside with too much force. With my face free, they
pressed something against my mouth. Skin. A forearm.

“Bite,” Karin instructed. Then, to Gaara, “Healing her’s my job. Keeping Konoha from
realising she’s not actually dead is your job.” When he still hesitated, she huffed a curse
word. “Go, Murder-boy. And you,” to me again, “stop being so prissy about blood. Bite,
dammit, you need it.”

“Bit busy not dying, thanks,” I gasped out, all my attention focussed inwards. I’d nearly
unravelled the lullaby. Gaara’s chakra was frustratingly tenacious, and difficult to get hold of
- no shit Sherlock, it was sand. I don’t think he meant to keep the jutsu going as long as it had
done, but I also don’t think he was very practiced at using it on another person, and it was
taking all my concentration to keep my own chakra awake, circulating, and bracing my chest
against an implosive collapse.

“For fuck’s sake.” The arm in front of my face moved away. When it came back, there was a
suspiciously fresh wound on it, and the blood was flowing freely over Karin’s wrist. Her
other hand went for my nose, pinching it shut until I had to open my mouth to breathe.

I slapped her away. Airways were off limits. I did accidentally swallow in the process though,
and the problem with healing via concentrated life-force was that it was an addictively fast
process once it got started. My collar bones realigned, my ribs cracked back into place, my
lungs reinflated with all signs of choking gone. The muscle-tear in my leg from Kabuto
vanished, and the various cuts over my skin prickled as they sealed themselves shut until,
other than an impressive layer of bloody sweat and sand that I wasn’t thinking about too
closely, there was no sign I’d ever been hurt to begin with - even my chakra reserves were
refilled.

“You good?” Karin asked impatiently. I levelled her the filthiest glare I could, and she
grinned at me. “You’re good. Nice mask, by the way. What is it, some kind of fox?”

“Hound,” I bit out. The two of us were in some kind of sand bunker, or that’s what it felt like,
and though I knew intellectually that we were still in the midst of the battlefield the muffled
sounds made it feel much further away. Or maybe it was just winding up, I hadn’t exactly
been paying attention to how many people were still alive when I’d been hoisted above it and
origamid. Thank fuck the ground underneath us was normal ground. If we’d been fully
encased in sand again, with all due respect to Gaara, I think I would’ve flipped. “What the
hell. Is going on. How did you even know I was here.”

“You weren’t in Konoha,” she explained, completely unphased by my anger. “There weren’t
exactly a lot of other options and Sound’s been watching this place pretty closely, you kind of
stuck out. Speaking of: not Konoha. That’s what’s going on.” My stare didn’t waver. What
the fuck did that mean. “Not Konoha, not Grass. I figured Sand, but you didn’t seem dead
keen and Gaara’s surprisingly unattached.”

“So you went for Sound?”
She shrugged, overly blase in a way that said she was enjoying being the one with the plans
for once. “Whatever works. We can always ditch if we don’t like them, but they seem pretty
cool.”

“Orochimaru literally tried to take one of my eyes. With a shuriken. He’s the fucking
definition of bad touch, there’s no universe in which he’s cool.”

Her eyes flicked up to the scar under my eye and she pulled a face, a lot less concerned than
I, personally, thought she should be.

“Ok, so not Sound either. We’ll find somewhere else. Here, hold this.” She passed me back
the mask, shoving it into my hands and tilting it towards me so the small snake coiled inside
fell out and landed in my lap. I took the mask but pushed the snake off, ignoring its
complaints.

“‘We’? Where the fuck did you get ‘we’ from?”

“Hold,” she instructed, scooping the snake up and giving it back to me. I deliberately put my
arms behind my back, in a way that was petulant and grumpy on the surface but also
disguised the way I was reaching for a weapon. I didn’t like where the conversation was
going. I wasn’t overly fond of the fact that Karin was so casual about handling a snake, or of
the summoner tattoo very clearly inked on her arm. “And obviously ‘we’,” she continued.
“You’re the one who keeps going on about family, you idiot. And you’re the one who
basically said Konoha was keeping you for your eyes and you hated them, I thought you’d be
happy to get away.”

I paused. My chakra, cautiously testing the sand for an exit, also paused.

“Get away?”

“We’re helping you escape. Gaara faked your death so no one comes after you, and if they
wonder where your body is they’ll think someone stole it for your eyes. It’ll be great. What’s
the problem?”

I blinked, thrown, and wasn’t sure how to answer that.

In… In theory, there wasn’t one. She thought I’d be happy to get away, and I was. I was
happy to get away, of course I was. It’s just, I was already away. We were miles out from
Konoha. I’d felt safer, happier, the past couple of weeks than I think I ever had done in the
village. I’d left Naruto, and Sakura, even Team Ten and dinners at Ichiraku and Tsuki and the
fish in my garden pond, and the loss of them had barely even registered. The plan had always
been to run.

The mask was a heavy weight in my hand.

I’d known the mission with Kakashi was temporary. I’d known it would end, in the same
distant way I’d known a lot of things. But the way the team had split in two, the choice I’d
made, the freedom of not having to watch my own back for once because the overwhelming
fear was gone? That had felt permanent. I’d left Konoha, like I’d always said I would, and I’d
found someone to protect me, like I’d always known I’d needed.

“He’s my sensei,” I said, a strange mix of confusion and realisation in my voice. “I told him I
wouldn’t abandon him. I don’t…”

Except, it wasn’t about protecting me. Or - it was, and when I was actively in danger that was
the most important part, but it wasn’t just about protecting me. If it was, then Jiraiya would
have done it, as a village asset if nothing else. Naruto and Sakura - they were overprotective.
Hell, even Orochimaru would keep me safe, if I was willing to pay his price.

I wasn’t. But. Point stood.

Urushi. He was one dog. Not the largest, not the fiercest, not even able to escape to the
summon realm anymore to heal up or hide. Pakkun. If there was ever a dog who wouldn’t do
much in a fight, it was Pakkun. And Kakashi. Deadly, unstoppable, complete aversion to
processing emotion. Prone to hiding behind his ANBU role, when he wasn’t passing it on to
me. Raised by dogs, didn’t know how to people. Bad habit of disobeying orders if they’d
make him leave a team member behind.

If they’d make him leave me behind.

It wasn’t just that he could protect me.

“I don’t want to leave him.” Him - them. I’d left Naruto and Sakura, but then again, I hadn’t.
Leaving them for Kakashi was a different kind of leaving than leaving the village entirely. It
didn’t make me their enemy. It didn’t make it final. Their loss had barely registered because -
because I hadn’t lost them. I hadn’t lost them, but more than that, I didn’t want to. I didn’t
want to.

I rolled it round, testing the feel of it in my thoughts. I didn’t know how it fit in to the bigger
plan, or how running to Itachi was meant to work, but, “I don’t want to leave Konoha if it
means leaving them.”

“You,” Karin growled frustratedly, “are the damn queen of mixed signals. I hate you. I
thought Konoha was evil, why the fuck couldn’t you have said all this before I launched a
surprise attack against them.”

I scowled, putting aside any ground-breaking developments in favour of giving her the stink
eye. “I didn’t ask you to do that. And Konoha is evil, that’s not what I meant.”

“‘I don’t want to leave Konoha’ is pretty damn specific, Uchiha.”

“If. Konoha bad, leaving Kakashi worse. The if is important.” I might have said more, but the
sand dome above us chose that moment to shake, shuddering with the muffled boom of what
I assumed was an explosive jutsu of some kind.

Karin shot me a harried look. “Fine, so, bring your sensei and that’s four of us vamoosing and
living it up as missing nin, why the fuck is everything so complicated with you.”
I stared. She held her ground, the snake in her hands coiling around her fingers as though
sensing her agitation, and when I couldn’t find any words to say she braced her shoulders to
stop them hunching and started speaking again. “Uzumaki are refugees. We’re used to
travelling, it’s fine. Your murder-friend’ll be down if you are, I don’t know if he’ll come if
you’re not. Not Grass, not Konoha, not Sand and now not Sound, that’s a hell of a list of
places you’ve told me I shouldn’t go. So.” She set her jaw, chin raised almost combatively.
“Am I family. Or. Or am I not.”

Another explosion, staticky and loud, and the dome shifted above us as it tried to move to
refill the cracks. The wet sand on the ground started inching up to thicken the barrier,
agonisingly slow as Gaara fought the water for control.

Karin held my gaze and waited for my answer.

“Family,” I told her honestly. “But it’s not that simple -”

A third explosion, accompanied by a high pitched shriek and the faint thuds of molten sand-
glass falling away as the jutsu forced its way through.

“Simple enough,” Karin said, diving for me with the snake outstretched. It coiled round my
arm, anchoring itself with a hiss as Karin flashed through the hand signs of what my
sharingan recognised as the jutsu to dispel a summon.

“Karin, don’t -”

She slammed her hand to the ground. I caught a last glimpse of the sand piling forwards to
block whoever was breaking through, Karin’s determined face as she prepared to run, the
snake’s body rippling as it hooked its chakra into mine and grabbed hold; then they vanished,
replaced by the swirling maelstrom of the chakra river. For a second I thought we were back
on the battlefield, Shukaku towering over us and fraying at the edges into seal-lines, but only
for a second. The snake pulled me forwards, slipping through the chakra river and dragging
me with it as we left Shukaku behind.

Left Kakashi behind -

I twisted instinctively, fighting to get away. It felt like being dragged to the summon realm to
rescue Urushi, except this time the chakra curving round me was hard, smooth and shiny like
scales where Kakashi had been immovable white lightning. It tried to resettle itself to grip
tighter around me, but a snake can’t hold water that doesn’t want to be held; I unravelled
myself into the river, slipped through its coils, and was gone.

“The next person who cuts me off mid-sentence is getting a shuriken in the ear,” I hissed,
pulling myself into a tiny, defensible chakra blob. “Maybe that will persuade them to listen.
Rude.”

Karin had literally just agreed that Sound was bad. Why the fuck was she posting me on the
snake-express to Sound. What part of any of that sounded like a good idea to her. And if she
wasn’t sending me to Sound - and, given how keen Kabuto had been to herd me back into
Gaara’s reach, I felt pretty confident in saying that that was the original plan - then where was
she sending me. And how hard would it have been to let me know? I was going to pass a law:
no one was allowed to do things without telling me what was going on. I was sick of being in
the dark.

I was also increasingly aware that I was drifting through the between, exactly where Kakashi
had made me promise not to go. In fairness, it hadn’t been my choice, but it wasn’t the most
ideal situation I’d ever found myself in. I couldn’t even tell which way we’d come from; the
threads didn’t flow in a single current so much as spiral and eddy in lazy, ever changing
tangles. Some of them, I assumed, would lead to the summon realms. Some would lead back
into the physical world, though without a contract, I didn’t know how to break through.
Some, based on my past experience, would lead to the formless grey void where sounds
didn’t exist.

I’d rather avoid that option, if I could. If Pakkun hadn’t pulled me out with the others, I
honestly wasn’t sure I’d’ve been able to leave.

I paused, chewing my lip as I assessed the threads. Or - I didn’t have a lip to chew, I was an
amorphous mass of water that was in danger of dissolving into nothing if I didn’t pay
attention to where I stopped and the river began, but my brain remembered what having lips
was like and what it felt like to chew on them. It was close enough, and thinking of myself as
a physical being with a body made it easier to stay separate from the chakra around me.

But; Pakkun. The dog contract. Bridges across the river. I hadn’t signed it so I couldn’t use it,
but I had given Urushi enough blood - however unintentionally - to form a similar
connection, and that was my best bet for getting out.

I hoped.

“Urushi,” I tried, throwing the name out to the river. “Um, he’s a dog. He wears a bandana
and a vest thing, his fur’s grey. With, he’s got white bits, and his tail’s fluffy. So’s the top of
his head. He likes melon?”

Nothing. Was I misremembering? No, it had definitely responded to my connection with
Urushi before. More to the point, I didn’t have any other ideas, so this one really needed to
work.

I swallowed, and kept talking. “He’s loyal. He’s not that heavy, but he wriggles when you try
and carry him. He can’t climb. When… When I panic, he knows how to stop me, and he
listens when I need to talk. He, um. He makes things better.” Still nothing. I tried to run my
fingers through my hair, but that was an action that didn’t quite translate to water-physics. “I
don’t know what you want me to say,” I admitted. “I just want to go back to him.”

And - there. A handful of threads, curling off to the side; they twisted together, growing
brighter and straightening out. One end was anchored to me, the other disappeared off further
than I could see. If I relaxed my guard I could feel the river’s current tugging at me, pulling
me along to follow it.

I blinked. “Well, ok then. Thank you.”
I reached after it and the river fell away, the lights winking out and the threads snapping
around me. It deposited me in a heap, one hand flung forward for balance as I adjusted to the
unfairly weird sensation of being squished into a body again, full of wet and cold and the
itchiness of dirt and blood drying against my skin.

Urushi’s startled growl stuttered into a whine. His first step forward was cautious, head low
and nostrils flaring as he sniffed, then his tail went up and he pressed closer, paws in my lap
as he climbed on me and tongue licking frantically at my chin.

“I know,” I promised him, burying my hands in the long fur over his neck and subtly
checking him over for injuries. “I know, I’m sorry, I’m back. All good. I’m sorry. I’m back.
Not leaving again.”

He abandoned my chin in favour of everywhere else he could find, ears going back as he
identified the blood on my clothes as mine.

“No - healed now. See? Karin fixed it. Don’t blame Gaara, I don’t think he knows how sleep
works. He tried.”

Even as I reassured him, I activated my sharingan and checked around us to see where we
were. Not too far from the camp was the answer - I could see it clearly, but in this darkness I
doubted they could see me. Not unless they also had a vision-enhancing dojutsu, at least.

Wait. Hyuuga were a thing, that wasn’t something I could rely on.

But no one reacted to my appearance, and other than an assortment of suspiciously corpse-
shaped objects that I really didn’t want to inspect too closely, I didn’t see anything in our
immediate vicinity either. No Gaara, no Kabuto, no Karin; just remnants of sand, which I
guessed Urushi had been doggedly following in an attempt to track down where I’d gone.

The battlefield was almost eerily quiet.

How… how long had I been in the river for?

“What happened?” I asked, one shade above a murmur. “They can’t have killed all the Sound
and Sand nin.” Could they? Stars were harder to tell time from than the sun was, but I didn’t
think it’d been that long. Maybe they could have done? Konoha had been winning before
Gaara arrived, but I hadn’t exactly been paying attention after that. Or if Gaara was the final
attack, then he could have been the distraction for the others to retreat. Orochimaru tended to
inspire a ‘to the death’ sort of loyalty in his followers, god only knew how, but Kabuto at
least seemed squirrelly enough to survive. “Did Karin get out? Gaara?”

He’d started to tilt his head at Karin’s name, but changed it to an unhappy growl for Gaara. I
grimaced at him sympathetically. “I know. But he’s good. We like Gaara, he’s allowed to
make mistakes. I don’t think he’ll do it again now he knows, if that helps.”

Urushi sneezed.
“You know, given the way Pakkun sneezes I’m fairly sure that’s an insult. Don’t insult Gaara.
Honestly.”

He lifted an ear, licked his nose, and, very deliberately, sneezed again.

“Urushi.”



Gaara had not got out. Karin had, as far as Urushi knew, and unfairly so had Kabuto, but
Gaara was being held under guard in the camp. I was torn - however misguided, he had been
trying to help me escape, the least I could do was return the favour and break him out as well
- but realistically, there was nothing I could do. The camp was in a state of high alert
following the battle, too professional to let exhaustion drag them down, and even if our
numbers were significantly lower than they had been that morning, there were still enough
people to make a jailbreak attempt almost suicidally risky.

Our numbers. Konoha’s numbers. Was I part of Konoha, or not. If I broke Gaara out, that
would be a pretty decisive way to choose sides. If I didn’t break Gaara out - then what? I
couldn’t just leave him. Convince people he was a friend and get him let out on good
behaviour? Trust that he was being held for political leverage and that nothing too bad would
happen to him? I didn’t have a plan. If they were going to kill him in the next hour they
would’ve done it already, that would have to be good enough.

For now, though, Gaara wasn’t my first priority. Kakashi was. Urushi and I stayed on the
fringes of the camp, circling it cautiously while we searched for him. He wasn’t immediately
obvious, but that was fine; he wouldn’t have expected me to be looking for him so soon -
except, the longer I looked without finding him, the less fine his absence became.

He wasn’t in the building that had been set aside as a hospital. Lots of people were, and
others were putting doton jutsu to use trying to reconstruct the walls and the half of the
ceiling that had been flattened, but Kakashi wasn’t among them. At least, not in a way that
was visible from a distance, and not that Urushi could tell either.

But did I have to choose sides? Free Gaara, or stay in the camp? Leave with Karin, or go
back to Urushi? I mean, that one had been something of a snap decision, but still. Run to
Itachi or stay with Kakashi? The fact that I was here now instead of wherever the snake had
been trying to take me - did that mean I’d already chosen?

Urushi walked in a tight circle around me until he found a dry patch of ground and sat on it. I
watched him without seeing him, trying to work out if I was betraying the clan by not
immediately leaping at the chance to escape. Hound’s mask was in my hands, tilted so it was
looking at me. I didn’t think I’d ever seen Kakashi wear it, but then, I hadn’t seen Itachi wear
his either. It was weird I’d ended up quasi-inheriting both.

“Konoha’s… complicated,” I said, putting my thoughts into words in the hope they’d make
more sense. “Karin’s wrong, it’s not that simple. She’s family, but Itachi’s also family. My
mum was family. I like Kakashi, and Suisei, but they’re both loyal to the Hokage. I like
Naruto and Sakura, but they chose Jiraiya. Konoha killed the clan because the clan was going
to rebel, but the clan was going to rebel because Konoha was killing the clan. Danzo’s never
going to be right.”

Urushi kept his head towards me, ears cocked as he listened. The light from the camp
reflected off his eyes, and if I turned my sharingan off, all I could see was a faint orange
outline of his left side, and a fainter outline of the moon reflecting off the rest of him.

If he was going to tell Kakashi my secrets, he already would’ve. Besides, it was Urushi. He
was allowed to know.

“But… Danzo and the Hokage aren’t all of Konoha. I don’t think? I don’t know. Konoha was
meant to be Uchiha and Senju but it ended up just Senju and Senju are the enemy. Except
Sakura doesn’t think she’s Senju. She’s pretty adamant she’s not any clan. There’s no reason
the Hokage has to stay in the Senju line. I mean, Minato was kind of student-teacher
connected to Tobirama, but I don’t think his policies were the same? So, if Naruto actually
did become Hokage, and Sakura was on his council, then. Konoha could be good. Maybe.”

I drew my knees up closer to my chest and buried my chin in them, hiding the mask against
my shins. If I could just undo the realisation that, for Kakashi, I was willing to stay in
Konoha - but I couldn’t. It’d always been the plan to run. I’d kept it at such a distance for so
long, this mythical future time when I could escape and leave them all behind, except now it
had arrived and I couldn’t procrastinate my decision anymore. Karin, and now the need to
either rescue Gaara or leave him, were forcing my hand.

I didn’t want to leave Kakashi. I didn’t want to leave Naruto and Sakura. I didn’t want to
abandon Itachi. I didn’t want Karin to come to Konoha. I didn’t want Gaara to stay captured.
Politically important or not, no jinchuuriki being held by another village was ever in a good
place. But I didn’t know how to have all of them without giving at least one of them up along
the way.

The world would be so much easier if I wasn’t attached to people.

“We need to find Kakashi,” I decided. “Waiting isn’t helping. And then, I don’t know. Ask
him about Gaara. Or do something useful. Repurpose the grand fireball as a sterilisation jutsu
for the med-nins, or something.” Heat sterilised things, right? Heat was useful. I stood up,
frowning down at the mask as I tried to remember if medics used boiling water for anything.
“Maybe we should go back to the mess tent. Food makes life better, everyone will want
food.”

Urushi’s ears twitched, and he turned suddenly to look over his shoulder. I squinted in the
same direction, sharingan scanning for any sign of what he’d heard. Not for the first time I
wished I had better hearing, but short of stealing a handy bijuu to enhance it for me -

There. Over the marshes, just on the edge of my vision. A flash of white lightning, easily
mistakable as a distant storm unless you recognised the flicker-pattern. It lasted too long to be
natural. It moved over the surface of the ground, not down towards it out of the sky. It wasn’t
lightning. Chidori.
  I pressed the mask back on my face for want of anywhere better to put it. I was still in baggy,
  casual clothes, but Karin had restored my chakra to full and I had enough shuriken left to be a
  problem - and if I didn’t then with enough water, my chakra arm was easily solid enough to
  mimic a weapon. We were surrounded by water. And if Kakashi wasn’t, wherever he was, I’d
  make it work without. I knelt beside Urushi, stretched my chakra as far towards where the
  chidori had been as I could reach, and wrapped my arms around his chest.

  “Let’s go,” I said grimly, and switched.



Chapter End Notes



    Gaara and Karin out here employing the pokemon strategy of team-building
    First you nearly kill them --
                                       Chapter 42: War arc: IX
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   The chidori went dark before we reached it. Urushi followed Kakashi’s scent trail for the rest
   of the way, striking a careful balance between speed and accuracy - we knew the general
   direction, and neither of us wanted to waste time tracing every step Kakashi had taken. It led
   us to a small hill crowned with a thicket of trees, dense enough that we couldn’t see through
   it and an obvious spot to stage an ambush from.

   Kakashi would have known that though. He would’ve skirted round it if he could, or at the
   very least have been on his guard when he went through. Urushi and I were certainly
   cautious, despite the urgency I felt; we crept round the outside under a henge until Urushi had
   narrowed down where in the trees Kakashi was, then went in silently with all our senses alert.
   I took to the branches and he stuck to the roots, curving round from opposite directions so
   between us we’d be better placed to catch someone who tried to run.

   There was a clearing in the centre. From the broken stumps and scorched earth, there hadn’t
   always been a clearing in the centre. Kakashi was crouched to one side, his posture slack in a
   way that didn’t quite look natural. Not in the way it sometimes did when he was being Hound
   either, just… wrong. The lack of obvious injuries should have been a relief, except they made
   me worry what had happened that I couldn’t see, and the overall effect was unsettling.

   I pulled my chakra further in, until even Karin wouldn’t have been able to sense me, and
   edged round the tree to see the other person in the clearing. He was tall, though not quite as
   tall as Kakashi, built for speed over strength, wearing ANBU clothes. I was behind him and
   couldn’t see his face, and the way the shadows fell hid most of his hair as well, but his mask
   was in his hand and I recognised the narrow line of the beak painted on it.

   “Suisei?” I mouthed soundlessly. There was no way he was an enemy. Surely? But why else
   would he be here? Why else would Kakashi be here, if he hadn’t been chasing someone?

   I bit my lip, trying to work out the best route round to Kakashi while staying out of Suisei’s
   reach. If he had turned traitor, he probably had Kakashi in a genjutsu, though what genjutsu
   could overwhelm Kakashi’s sharingan I didn’t know. My best bet would be to set up a
   kawarimi in advance, then run in, grab Kakashi, and switch out before anyone could react.
   Breaking an illusion on someone else wasn’t exactly my strong suit, but if the disruption
   didn’t give Kakashi a chance to do it himself, I’d work something out.

   I’d barely started to move though when Suisei blinked, dropping out of his tense pose and
   letting his arms fall to his side, a kunai appearing out of nowhere between his fingers. I froze.
   Kakashi pitched forward, catching himself on his hands, shoulders heaving as he gasped for
   breath.

   “I’m sorry, Kakashi-san,” Suisei said in a flat, low monotone that was markedly different
   from his usual politeness. It should have sounded dismissive, even mocking or sarcastic
given how obviously not sorry he sounded, but it didn’t. It sounded familiar. “I don’t have
time for you today. There are more important things I have to do.”

He threw the kunai. It rocketed towards Kakashi; I wasted a precious half-second waiting for
Kakashi to dodge it, block it, anything, genjutsu was bad but it wasn’t that bad Kakashi get
up -

I slammed my kawarimi into the kunai and switched, appearing between Kakashi and Suisei
with my sharingan spinning and my chakra arm defensively raised. I lashed out with it,
instinctively shielding my eyes from Suisei’s own sharingan as I did so, and backed up a
hurried step to reach for Kakashi and -

And -

My chakra stopped, hovering scant inches from Suisei’s face.

Shielding my eyes. From. From his sharingan.

His voice had sounded familiar.

“Aniki?”

I blinked. He was older than I remembered him, his features harsher and his angles sharper,
but - I knew that face. That was Itachi’s face. His face, his sharingan, his voice - his long hair
and his hands and his everything. His - Crane. Crane! Itachi was Crane, no wonder he’d been
so good at - and he was kind, like I knew he was, and he’d promised to teach me genjutsu,
and he worked well with me and Kakashi and, and, and for one glorious, euphoric moment I
had everything I wanted in the palm of my hand and the world was good. Beyond good. It
was great.

My shoulders relaxed. All the stress I’d ever felt drained out. I hurriedly pushed my own
mask to the side so I could beam up at my brother, and I even forgave him for the way his
expression was so closed off and cold. He didn’t know I loved him. He didn’t know that
everything had gone right, but that was ok. He didn’t know yet. Now that he was here all the
secrets I’d been keeping were finally finished - no more lying to protect him, no more hiding
to protect me; no more pretending and no more fear and no more paranoia around the people I
loved. I was safe. I was safe.

“Aniki,” I said again, taking a step towards him.

I walked into Kakashi’s arm.

“Kakashi, what -”

“Run,” he demanded, short and clipped. I blinked at him in incomprehension. He was barely
standing, sweat in his hairline and even his normal eye bloodshot and red. “You gave me your
word, Sasuke,” he said when I didn’t move. “This isn’t the time for heroics. I can -”

“I doubt it, Kakashi-san,” Itachi cut in. “Whatever your plan is, I won’t let you do that.”
“No one has to do anything,” I complained, shaking Kakashi off. I could see Urushi, keeping
low to the ground as he slunk behind Itachi and waited for an opening. He wouldn’t find one
- Itachi would already have noticed him and calculated how to deal with any attack - but I
signaled for him to stand down all the same. “He’s my brother. I know you think he’s an
enemy, but he’s -”

“Sasuke,” Itachi interrupted mildly, and, when I paused and looked at him: “Tsukuyomi.”

Everything stopped.

The sky bled red. Shadows deepened, the moon brightened; in the harsh contrast, everything
was flat and unrealistic. The trees around us stayed, but they looked like a two dimensional
facade with nothing behind them, painted black and lit with a crimson glow. Kakashi
vanished. Urushi vanished. The Itachi that stood before me seemed taller, somehow, or
maybe I was shorter. Seven years old again, trapped in a nightmare after my brother killed the
clan.

I shook the feeling off, slowing my racing heartbeat through sheer force of will. I wasn’t that
successful but I was successful enough that I could grit my teeth and ignore it, standing up to
face my brother and refusing to let him see that I was afraid.

Because he was my brother. What the fuck did I have to be afraid of. He loved me.

“Aniki,” I started again.

“Sasuke,” he returned, a deliberate, almost mocking bite to his tone. I tensed. I didn’t
remember him as a mocking kind of guy. “You are a failure of an Uchiha.”

“I - no, I’m not, I’m -”

“You’re weak,” he said. The forest started warping around us. It was two dimensional to
begin with; getting rid of it was as easy a washing off a layer of ink. I caught a glimpse of the
endless reality stretching beyond, infinite versions of the conversation between me and Itachi
acted out simultaneously in every direction.

Not infinite. Three days in one second. It was a lot of moments, but not an infinite number.

Only the copies of me in my immediate vicinity were standing.

“I’m not,” I protested. Walls sprang up, cutting us off from the rest of the Tsukuyomi. A solid
one to my right, a wall with a door in it to my left. Shogi screen in front of me. Tatami mats
beneath my feet. “I’m not. The people we fight are insane -”

“You do not bother to fight.”

“I - what, no, I do - I fought the scout, you told me I was good at fighting the scout -”

His face twitched; with my sharingan I was meant to be able to read people’s expressions, but
I couldn’t interpret his.
There were tatami mats beneath my feet.

“You fight people who are inconsequential, but when it matters, your only priority is to run.
You yield when you should win. You’d rather hide behind your allies than face your enemies
yourself. You’re worthless.”

Tatami mats beneath my feet.

I grit my teeth. “I’m fixing me,” I insisted. “I’m a, a work in progress, and I’m sorry I’m not
there yet but I’m trying, it takes time -”

Tatami mats beneath my feet.

“You don’t have time, Sasuke. Six years ago I told you to avenge the clan - and you’ve done
nothing.”

They were sticky against my knees. When did I fall to my knees. They were sticky, slightly
slippery. The red soaked through to stain the floor. No amount of scrubbing would ever get it
off.

But I didn’t do nothing, I wanted to protest. I kept your secrets. I was protecting you. I tried to
warn off the kazekage to save your village for you. I was going to help you on your mission.

My mouth didn’t work.

You were going to leave him for Kakashi, my thoughts whispered in the back of my head.

“Perhaps you need a reminder.”

Two figures appeared, kneeling opposite me. My father, who I used to dislike, until I saw
how hard he was working to try to save the clan. His face was stern. Unyielding.
Disappointed. I willed my eyes to skip past him, but they didn’t, and with my sharingan open
the image of his disapproving expression was seared unerringly into my brain.

“You have forgotten your clan,” Itachi accused, and my dad was dead. The sword sliced
through his back, emerging from his chest in a clean cut, a killing cut, angled to slide
between the bones and spear through the heart for a quick and inescapable death.

I flinched.

Itachi turned to the other figure. I didn’t look. I refused to look. I had too many memories of
her to risk them being overwritten, but the sharingan activated in high stress situations and I
couldn’t turn it off.

“You have forgotten your enemy,” he said. He put a hand on her shoulder. I felt the ghost of it
on my own.

“Sasuke.”
I looked at the tatami. The pool of red. The way it spread, until it perfectly matched the
outlines I saw every time I went into the main room in my house.

“Sasuke.”

I flicked my eyes up to his. Only to his, nowhere else. I didn’t want - I couldn’t - she was my
mum.

“You must be stronger,” he insisted, pleaded, ordered, I couldn’t read him anymore or maybe
I never could. His sharingan were spinning. There was blood on his face. It looked like it had
spattered from when he killed my dad, but he was too much of a professional to let that
happen. The last time I’d seen his sharingan he told me I wasn’t worth killing, and now he
was telling me I wasn’t worth anything at all.

“I’m trying,” I begged him. His face hardened, the familiar lines of it turned alien and cold.
With no room for mercy, he said:

“Try harder.”

The sword tore through my mother’s lungs and drowned her in her own blood.

                                              ___

Interlude: Kakashi, who can’t abandon Sasuke because she refuses to abandon him

“How do you make it reflective?” Sasuke asked. Kakashi tilted his head, not sure what she
meant, and she frowned and gestured at the genjutsu wound she was practicing with on her
leg. “The yuck bits. They’re wet, they should reflect the light properly. How does it work?”

He hummed his understanding. “You don’t,” was the simple answer. “The best you can do is
imagine where the reflections would go and mimic that, but genjutsus aren’t solid enough for
light to interact with.”

The simple answer didn’t seem to be the one she was after. “Crane got the raindrops in his
hair to work, and they were genjutsu. You can’t just imagine that, so. I mean, I can’t, he
probably can. How would you do it?”

He… wasn’t sure, actually. His genjutsus tended to rely more on suggestions than perfectly
constructed illusions, and Sasuke was already pushing the limits of what he could teach her.
He had a few he’d copied with his sharingan stored up to pass on, but he’d need to expand his
repertoire soon or he’d run out. The more pressing question though was, “Crane?”

“Every individual strand,” she confirmed enviously. “Hang on. I need to test something,
where’s the nearest puddle gone.”

“Pick a direction,” Pakkun offered, yawning, and ignored the reflexive scowl Sasuke sent his
way.

Kakashi kept his own expression carefully hidden. Not all sharingan were created equal, he
knew, and it was certainly not impossible that Sasuke’s could notice an illusion his could not.
His was a lot more battle focussed than hers. Even so, the thought that Crane was good
enough with his henges that Kakashi hadn’t even registered them was…

Well. It was worth knowing.



Crane was a hard man to find. Unlike Kakashi, he didn’t have a reason to be restricted to the
camp or to short-range missions outside it. He was at least being kept close - so was Kakashi,
and Shikaku was being cagey but it was hardly a secret at this point that something big was
being planned that would need the excessive firepower two elite ANBU could bring - but he
was slippery. Conveniently not where Kakashi was at any point in time. Never in a way that
was suspicious, but frustrating all the same.

But when Kakashi left Sasuke with Urushi for the afternoon, Crane just so happened to be
assigned duty in the weapon depot, exactly where he needed to be to run into her.
Conveniently.

Kakashi did his best not to leave Sasuke alone for too long after that.



“Teething problems,” Pakkun reported. “Sakura specialises in direct damage techniques,
Jiraiya prefers diversity and non-combat arrays.”

“She’s a combat ninja, though,” Kakashi said. At least, he’d thought she was. That was what
he’d been training her for, but if Jiraiya thought otherwise then he didn’t want to get in the
way. That was the whole point of admitting that he didn’t know what he was doing and going
to someone more experienced for help.

Pakkun licked his nose. “Like I said. Teething problems. She’s allowing it because her
confidence’s taken a nosedive, but if she doesn’t say something soon she’s going to find
herself pushed back to support. Apparently seal masters are hard to come by, it doesn’t make
sense to risk them unnecessarily.”

… He admitted he didn’t know what he was doing, but he really didn’t think he’d got it that
far wrong. “She’d hate it. It’d be a waste of her skills. There’s no reason for seals to be
limited to support - what’s Jiraiya thinking? He trained Minato-sensei.”

“If only there was someone who understood Sakura enough to teach her what she wanted to
know,” Pakkun said dryly. “What a thing that would be. A team she was comfortable with
that believed in doing the best for her and not for the village as a whole. How nice.”

“Enough, Pakkun. She’s not comfortable with me.”

“Because you gave up -”

“Enough. How’s Naruto?”
He huffed, but as disapproving as Pakkun was, he accepted the subject change. Ish. “Angry
that you stole Sasuke. Still. Distrusting of Jiraiya. Still. Angry at Sakura for not being angry
that you stole Sasuke. Angry at -”

“Pakkun.”

“Jiraiya’s been teaching him rasengan. He’s also worked out how to turn an entire platoon of
clones into individual chain links to make an armoured shirt that won’t disappear after one
hit. The one he’s making is a little small for him, but maybe he’s just really bad at sizes.”

“Rasengan,” Kakashi repeated, glossing over Pakkun’s sarcastic last statement. He could see
the logic, and he was glad that Naruto was learning from Jiraiya despite still being wary of
him. The sensei-student relationship would come with time. “Ok. That’s - that’s good. Let me
know how he gets on.”

Pakkun raised an eyebrow at him, huffed, and dispelled.



“Sasuke,” Kakashi said for the third time, physically grabbing her chin and forcing her to
look at him when she didn’t respond. Her eyes were wide and shocky, the tomoe spinning
unnaturally fast as she struggled to process everything that was happening. What was usually
an asset was now working against her, bogging her down with too much detail and giving her
too crystal clear a memory of the bloodshed around them. “Sharingan off. Now.”

“But -”

“Now, Sasuke.” He thought at first she might be stubborn. In truth, she was probably more
qualified to be down on the field than some of the ninja already there - but there was a
difference between being qualified and being ready. He’d already failed his promise to keep
her from fighting when he let her face the scout, and however well she’d done in that, he
wasn’t going to fail her again.

He needn’t have worried. She was shaken, but she listened to him, and after that first moment
of frozen disorientation she settled easily enough into a more practical mindset. Not
unaffected, but she moved smoothly into assessing the battle to pick her best route away from
it, and that was all Kakashi could ask from her just then.

That, and to survive. It was an unfair burden to put on anyone, to demand they come back
from a mission alive. In his experience, it rarely helped. He hesitated, the words crowding
forward and demanding to be said, but in the end he just put his hand on Sasuke’s head,
nodded, and left her to it. He trusted her speed and her common sense, and he wouldn’t help
anyone by showing doubt.

It didn’t stop him keeping an eye on her, just until she and Urushi left and he could be sure
she’d got away.

It didn’t stop his heart stuttering over its beats when he saw the sand rise up next to her as the
Ichibi’s container announced his presence.
It didn’t stop the panic when he remembered Pakkun’s explanation of what had happened in
the exam, when he recalled the memory of how narrowly Gaara had focussed on Sasuke in
the preliminaries. She called him a friend, but Kakashi had seen people before who were too
broken for friendship - people who held too close, who let jealousy turn them bitter, who only
knew how to own someone by destroying them so they’d never walk away.

Sasuke switched. She took Urushi with her. The towering tanuki demon turned on the camp
in a seemingly blind rage that didn’t hide the way the sand kept chasing her behind its back.

Kakashi wasn’t the only one who noticed; Crane was there, a silent streak of black and white
zeroing in on the way Sasuke dodged and evaded with alarming focus. Speak of people too
broken - between Gaara and the man Kakashi suspected Crane to be, it was difficult to say
who he wanted near her less. He had no proof, not beyond half-remembered familiarity and a
series of coincidences that didn’t make sense, but if he was right -

“On me,” he said, shunshining up to Crane’s left. “Our priority is the jinchuuriki.”

“Captain,” Crane acquiesced with a sharp nod. Take Gaara down, and Sasuke’s safe from
him; keep Crane busy while doing it, and Sasuke’s safe from him too. It was the best
compromise Kakashi could make. On the edge of the marsh, Sasuke escaped the sand’s
reach; she was difficult to see in the dark, and though another Sound nin split off to follow,
Kakashi had to have faith that she’d make it out ok.

He’d never been ANBU Crane’s captain.

They worked together seamlessly. Even so, it wasn’t easy - Suna’s jinchuuriki was notorious
for having poor control over his bijuu, and as good as they were they were just two ninja,
neither of whom were seal masters. Killing or harming Gaara enough that the Ichibi got loose
was the last thing they wanted, and containing him without pushing him that far was a slow
and tedious process.

Too slow.

Too slow.

Sasuke’s scream wasn’t loud enough for the weight it carried with it. It should’ve echoed. It
should’ve - Kakashi’d seen people die before, he knew how small and insignificant a single
life could be, but it should’ve been something. Not strangled, not muffled first by the sand,
then by the choking gurgle of a throatful of blood. Not trailing off, frantic and gasping, and as
Kakashi watched her fall all he could think was that it shouldn’t sound like that. It shouldn’t
sound like something she couldn’t survive.

She was limp. Crushed. She landed in a heap and the sand was already rising up to swallow
her.

He didn’t remember doing the hand seals for chidori. He didn’t remember moving, but he
remembered the impact, lightning driving into the sand and sending jagged shards of glass
flying out where he hit. He remembered Crane slamming into the tanuki from the other side,
fire spilling out in an explosion that burnt black before he got himself under control and
toned it down to red. There was only one jutsu in the world that could summon black flames
like that, and for a moment Kakashi hated that he was well trained enough to be able to
analyse so dispassionately while Sasuke was -

He shut the emotions down. They weren’t useful. They didn’t help him. Hound completed
missions without them, and he turned on Gaara with a single-minded destructive force.
Friend or enemy, it didn’t matter; Crane’s attacks provided opportunities, and Hound was
strategic enough to take them. The other ninja on the field - unimportant. Some of them were
forming defensive barriers against the sand’s continuous advance, some of them were still
fighting the invading Sand and Sound nin - they weren’t relevant. He ignored them.

He and Crane broke through the sand, but not in time to stop Sound stealing Sasuke. They
defeated the tanuki, beating the sand back by relentlessly destroying it wherever it tried to
form, and the jinchuuriki behind it was easy to take down once they had. Again, they worked
in sync. Old training. The same training. Whatever had cracked Crane’s facade earlier, there
was no trace of it in the way he fought. With the enemy contained, Hound turned to tracking;
Crane circled the perimeter to ensure no one could sabotage the trail, the way he had done
when he was younger, the way Hound had taught him to do. They worked well together.

There was no trail to sabotage.

No trail - no way to know where Sasuke had been taken, other than a general ‘to Sound’.
She’d vanished as surely as any of the strike teams had after the scouts dismissed them, and if
it was summon-based there wouldn’t be any leads to find. The best thing to do was to gather
further intel on the location of Orochimaru’s bases and plan a retrieval from there, but that
wasn’t something Hound could do just then. He focussed instead on the rest of the battlefield,
zeroing in on the Sound nin that had stopped Sasuke escaping. Distantly, he recognised him
as the fake-genin from the chunin exams, but the information brought very little useful data
with it - medic, intelligent, important enough that Orochimaru had made a point of breaking
him out - and he discarded it. Even medics died to chidori, and he completed the hand seals
with precise efficiency, lining up his strike while he waited for Crane to complete the other
half of the pincer movement.

Crane did not.

Crane paused, regarding Hound just long enough to be noticed, then took a step back and
fled. It was a clear signal that he wanted to be followed, and at first, Hound dismissed it -
Kabuto was the enemy, even without Crane Hound could use a jutsu to hold him or fuck it,
charge forward and try his luck because Kabuto was the reason Sasuke might be - but Kabuto
wasn’t the important one here. He abandoned the chidori, ignoring Kabuto’s considering look
as he did so, and turned to follow Crane. If he were being Kakashi, perhaps he would have
waited long enough to summon one of the dogs and have them pass the knowledge of Crane’s
identity on to someone else, but Hound wasn’t used to working with backup. Crane was an
enemy, and there were advantages in springing even the most obvious of traps. He slid
silently into the shadows, dropped low to the ground, and chased.

They ended up in the trees. Surprisingly neutral ground for a confrontation, and Hound was
cautious as he approached.
“Kakashi-san,” Crane said, standing with his hands held loosely at his sides. “Please. I only
want to talk.”

Hound didn’t reply. It wasn’t his job to talk to missing nin.

“Please,” Crane repeated. He was wearing his mask, but he removed it, hands still carefully
visible so Hound could see the lack of seals. It wasn’t the guarantee of safety it would be
from a lesser ninja, and Hound took care to avoid catching his eyes, but it was a gesture of
peace all the same. For a second Suisei stared back at him - Hound couldn’t see through the
henge, but against Crane’s sharingan he wouldn’t expect to - then the illusion fell.

He looks like Shisui, Kakashi thought. Then, He looks defeated.

He pushed the thought aside. Itachi only looked like Shisui because of the hair he’d chosen
for his disguise; once he’d dropped that, there was only the passing familial resemblance that
all Uchiha shared. As for looking defeated - faces lied. Whatever game Itachi was playing,
Hound was hardly going to drop his guard because of it.

(Faces also told the truth. Wasn’t that why Kakashi wore a mask?)

“Please,” Itachi said for the third time.

Hound waited. He wasn’t entirely sure why.

(Itachi had been Sasuke’s age, when Kakashi had failed him so badly he hadn’t noticed him
going mad. Uchihas don’t deal well with trauma. They care too much. It tears them apart.
He’d done his best to do right by Sasuke, but it didn’t make up for the way Itachi had joined
ANBU wanting peace and left it dripping blood.)

“There’s a tablet,” Itachi said next. “Under the shrine. It needs to be destroyed.”

It was enough of a non-sequitur that Hound paused, confused. “Why?”

“You’re the closest to an Uchiha Konoha has. The tablet…” Itachi’s face didn’t twist into a
grimace, but it looked like it wanted to. “There are people it should never reach.”

“Sasuke -”

“Trusted you.” The defeat came back, edged with a jagged kind of despair. “You let her be
kind.”

There were a lot of reasons, Hound was finding, to be confused about this conversation.
Itachi had no right to look like that. My brother killed me, Sasuke had said, waist deep in a
river she was terrified of and flinging the truth out like a weapon. He killed my whole clan, I
wasn’t special. The only difference was he held me in a genjutsu so it didn’t stick.

Itachi had no right, and Kakashi’s anger flared, pushing aside his calm control.

“Trusts,” he corrected sharply. Until he saw her body, there was no space in the universe for
the alternative. “I don’t make a habit of abandoning my teammates just because they’re hurt.”
“He crushed her,” Itachi said. “If she wasn’t dead then she’d have activated her seal to keep
them from getting her eyes. She -”

“What seal?”

Itachi paused. Between one moment and the next, his face shifted, the broken desperation
replaced with suspicion, realisation, and sudden, frigid blankness. “She wasn’t ANBU.”

Kakashi’s own expression shuttered. Active ANBU seals came with a self-destruct, activated
either voluntarily or on the ANBU member’s death. Revealing to Itachi that Sasuke didn’t
have the seal wasn’t ideal - but it had been necessary. The Uchiha had been so paranoid about
bloodline theft after Obito, it honestly wouldn’t have surprised him if they’d copied the
Hyuuga and Sasuke had somehow forgotten to let him know. Still; Itachi was a lot less
confusing and a lot more hostile now than he had been before he knew.

“Neither were you, Crane.” If Itachi even was Crane. Kakashi hadn’t been lying when he’d
called Crane one of the Hokage’s most loyal, but it was hard to know which was more
outlandish - that Itachi had killed Suisei and replaced him, or that Suisei had been Itachi all
along. Either way, the fragmented facts were struggling to add up to the truth as Kakashi
understood it. He tilted his head, part leading, part to distract from the way he shifted his
weight ever so slightly forward and formed a hand seal behind his back. “Unless there’s
something I’m missing…?”

Itachi’s eyes narrowed. “I apologise, Kakashi-san,” he said, icily polite. “You’ve become an
inconvenience.”

Lightning crackled. Mangekyou spun. The trees burnt around them.

“Tsukuyomi.”

                                              ___

I didn’t stagger when it ended. I wanted to, and the effort of keeping myself stable was an
almost unbearable strain on my muscles, but I didn’t. The step I took back was measured.
The way my foot moved too heavily, scuffing embarrassingly loud against the leaf litter - that
was unfortunate. I’d work on it. It wasn’t a mistake I’d usually have made, but excuses didn’t
mean much and the world wouldn’t go easy on me just because I asked.

Kakashi moved past me. It was the same movement he’d started before Itachi’d - before. One
second. It’d only lasted a second. I let him, taking another step back to stay out his way and
trying harder to keep this one silent. Then another, and a fourth, until my back hit a tree and I
slid down it to crouch on my heels and watch.

My brain was too full.

That was the worst of it, really. Three days in one second; I wasn’t hurt, my chakra wasn’t
even drained, but I’d been awake for too long and had too many memories rattling round my
head. They wouldn’t even merge together, no matter how similar they were. Each one was
preserved in crystal clear sharingan accuracy, and left me - not tired, but not exactly awake.
Just. That numb sort of clarity, when time is stretchy and reality feels gritty between your
thoughts.

Kakashi’s muscles were shaking. He wasn’t doing well. Whatever Itachi had done to him in
his version of the monochrome world, it hadn’t been as kind as what he’d done to me.

I blinked. Why would it be kind. Itachi didn’t love Kakashi.

I blinked again. Why would it be kind. Itachi hadn’t even been kind to me.

I blinked, again, or for the first time, and Kakashi was down. I flicked my sharingan on to
check for a pulse, then absently chided myself when I realised it was already active.

He was breathing. It was fine. Urushi was on the other side of the clearing, trying to make
eye contact with me to work out what I wanted him to do.

I stayed against my tree.

Itachi turned to me, face perfectly blank but a frown hiding behind it. “You aren’t going to
attack me?”

“Do you want me to?”

Whether he did or not, it wasn’t the answer he was looking for. I flicked my eyes away on
instinct. I didn’t know what he’d do if he thought I hadn’t learnt what I was supposed to, but I
didn’t want to go through the lesson again. It was unfaithful of me, but. I didn’t. “Remember
the clan,” I recited dutifully. “Be strong, not weak. Remember our enemy. I can attack you if
you’d like, but I’m pretty sure you’d beat me.”

“I would.” I couldn’t read anything in his voice and I didn’t have anything to say, so I didn’t.
Just waited, until he turned away, giving me a last instruction before he left. “Face me again
when you have the same eyes as I do.”

“I’ll add it to the list,” I promised. Urushi was getting antsy. If I left him any longer he’d try
something by himself - it was only that neither Kakashi nor I were in any actual danger that
had kept him from attacking already.

Well. Kakashi was unconscious, so any actual danger other than that. And if you didn’t know
that Itachi was good, I could see how the situation looked bad, but. Urushi would understand.

When I looked away from Kakashi and back to Itachi again, he was gone.

I gave myself a minute, waiting to see if my thoughts would start picking up again after the
breather. They didn’t, but that was fine; the next steps were fairly simple, as far as rescue
missions went, and there’d be time later to sort the memories into something more sensible.
For now though I pushed myself reluctantly away from the tree and used my chakra arm to
manhandle Kakashi into a reasonable attempt at a piggy back.

Urushi crowded too close round my feet.
“I don’t want to step on you,” I said, using my knee to move him aside. My hands were
occupied - Kakashi was a fair bit larger than me, it wasn’t the easiest job to keep him
balanced. “I’m fine. Fuss later, go back to the camp now. Kakashi needs a blanket.”

He didn’t seem convinced, but he did give me enough space to be able to walk and I
considered that close enough to a win. It was slow going, heading back. I didn’t run, and I
kept my head down with my sharingan focussed on the ground, all my concentration poured
into moving forward and making sure I didn’t trip. In fairness, I probably could have
survived without it - it was still dark but the moon was bright and I could easily see by it if I
had to. I just. Didn’t get round to turning it off.

We avoided the patrols on the way in. I didn’t want to talk to them. They’d probably want to
talk to me, even more so when they realised I had Kakashi on my back, but unfortunately for
them I was sneaky and good at genjutsu, and they were easy enough to go around.

Also, Itachi would be disappointed if I failed again.

But; we made it back to the camp. I considered the tent we’d claimed as ours, then moved
past it and kept walking. Kakashi was hurt. Hurt people went to hospitals. It made sense.

The way the med-nin startled when I dropped my genjutsu and deposited Kakashi in front of
him did not.

“It’s sharingan related,” I said helpfully, already turning to go.

“Sharingan - people are dying, I don’t have time to deal with Hatake Flipping Kakashi and
his chakra exhaustion again. He can -”

I frowned at him over my shoulder. “I didn’t say it was his sharingan.”

He went pale, eyes fixed on mine. I held his gaze just long enough to be sure he’d treat
Kakashi seriously, then reapplied my genjutsu and flickered out. Urushi was waiting outside,
and I ran a hand over his head so the illusion covered him as well.

Remember your enemy. This was a Konoha camp. I didn’t want to be seen. I didn’t want to
leave Kakashi with them, but they weren’t his enemy and I didn’t know much beyond basic
first aid. Antidotes, maybe. I’d be a pretty shit ninja if I didn’t know the antidotes to my own
poisons. I didn’t want to leave him, but I wanted to risk him being hurt even less, and the
med-nins were the only way I knew to heal him.

Someone left the hospital at a furtive hustle. Genin corps. Not furtive, wary. They were
headed to the building I’d seen Shikaku and Inoichi hanging around.

“Pretty shit ninja anyway,” I continued, voice low and muffled through the genjutsu. “When
you actually think about it.”

Urushi shifted next to me. He didn’t whine - it’d be too high pitched, those sounds were
harder to filter out and I’d practiced enough with him that he knew what my limits were - but
he did lean his weight against me in a way that said he disagreed.
“I’m not looking for sympathy. And I’m not being blind, I know I’m strong. Can be strong.” I
was still right when I’d said the people I was fighting were insane. But Itachi was also right.
“I’m weak because I act weak.”

I turned it over in my mind. Was that it? It sounded plausible.

“I… react. Things happen, and I try to stop them. I don’t take control of any situation, just
always panic and defend against everything everyone else does. Wait for other people to save
me.” Yeah, a mulish, distant part of me protested, because how the fuck am I meant to save
myself? I’m a genin.

I pushed it away. Remember the clan. Don’t be weak. Remember your enemy. None of that
had space for being a genin.

“I’m Uchiha. Defence isn’t my style. Blocking just wears you down and draws out a
stalemate, you’ll only win if you go for the attack.” It was what my taijutsu revolved around,
wasn’t it? Assassin’s taijutsu. Hit once, hit hard, don’t be there when they retaliate. Why had
I waited so long to go to Itachi anyway? Stopping to plant a garden was a shit way to run
away.

I paused, side-stepping round a corner to avoid someone going the opposite direction. They
looked stressed, I doubted they’d appreciate walking into someone they couldn’t see.

“Not run away,” I told Urushi. “We got that wrong. Escape is what weak people do, he sent
us back because we have to be strong. Wait here, let me know if someone’s coming.”

He took a step after me, then hung back at my signal and settled reluctantly to keep watch. I
waited long enough to check that he was hidden, then swung myself up to the ceiling of the
building we were next to and started creeping in. It hadn’t been hard to find; there weren’t
many places in the camp capable of holding a jinchuuriki, and while the illusion over it may
have kept other people away it was basically an invitation for me to snoop around.

Well. I had more on my mind than snooping.

The cell was small. Not in itself anything special - no seals, nothing to stop me reaching
through - but the chain inside was chakra suppressing and sunk deep enough into the floor
that only a doton jutsu could have put it there. The other end split into two metal cuffs,
wrapping round Gaara’s hands and holding his fingers still as added precaution. His gourd
was missing. He was awake, seemingly unhurt, and trying to hide how scared he was.

There were two ninja guarding the cell from the outside.

I refused to let myself hesitate. The ninja were Konoha. Remember who your enemy is.
Don’t be so fucking weak.

The shuriken hit the first of them in the throat, layered under another genjutsu so they never
saw it coming. I switched with it as soon as I saw blood, landing heel-first on the wound and
kicking down to finalise the kill. In my hands, I held a makeshift garrotte, a length of wire
with the ends wrapped around two kunai for handles so I wouldn’t damage my fingers. It
went round the second ninja’s neck; cross it over, pull it apart, and if it didn’t slice through an
artery then the strangulation would be enough to finish her either way.

It took less than a minute. If that. I’d gone from someone who’d killed a pig on a school trip
to someone who’d assassinated two ninjas from her own village, and it hadn’t even been
difficult. The hardest part was catching the bodies so they wouldn’t make too much noise as
they fell.

Not my village, I corrected myself, oddly distant, and cancelled my genjutsu to focus on the
chain instead.

“You came back,” Gaara said - asked, maybe. I wasn’t paying attention. This close, I could
see the seals on the chain, but they were woven together too tightly for me to decipher. They
also repelled chakra, and my chakra arm slid harmlessly over them when I tried to force them
apart. The seals were just on the surface though, so if I could find a way to damage the metal
enough I should be able to disrupt them. Fire, perhaps? If I ignited the air around the chain,
not the chain itself, and relied on the heat to warp it out of shape?

I chose a pebble on the other side of the bars and kawarimid with it while I was thinking. It
brought me close enough to Gaara that my elbow brushed against his bare arm. He stepped
hurriedly back and moved his arm away.

Iron. Iron had… I couldn’t remember its melting point. High. It’d need a lot of fire. But it
became malleable at a much lower temperature, so if I got the chain part way there and hit it
hard enough, then -

Outside the building, Urushi whined. Short, and patterned to mimic one of the many frogs
that lived in the marshes, but clear nonetheless: a warning.

I revised the plan. Gaara’s hands were too tightly held, and if I couldn’t break the chain in the
time I had left, there was only one other option: the floor. It was rock, but the sandy,
compacted earth kind of rock that everything around here was made of. I’d ripped branches
off trees and limbs off people before, surely I could handle a patch of dirt.

My first attempt scraped a shallow layer off the surface. Gaara shifted restlessly behind me; I
ignored him, dug my chakra as deep in around the chain as I could, and tried again.

(Perhaps you need a reminder.)

Urushi repeated his warning call, and this time I could hear the people coming. They seemed
agitated about something, but I was too distracted to work out what. All my attention was
focussed on the patch of ground the final chain link was sunk into, forcing my chakra to
curve underneath so that when it came up it wouldn’t have a choice but to bring the whole
thing with it.

Gaara stepped closer, not touching but too close, and I shook him off in frustration. I had to
get him free. I had to - I wasn’t going to be - Itachi wouldn’t let me be -
I switched, landing in the jagged hole in the floor in an inelegant tangle of knees and elbows,
the chain clattering to the ground where I’d been standing with a far too loud clang of metal.
Whoever was approaching started running, their voice raised as they called for backup, but I
didn’t care. Chain out, next step escape; I reached for Gaara, shoving the end of the chain
with its stone anchor into his arms with my other hand just as the ninja came into view.

“Holy shit, it’s the Uchiha -”

They dropped into a battle stance, fingers flying through the seals to an earth jutsu of some
kind. I ignored them; my sharingan fixed on the furthest point I could see through the bars of
the cell, I tightened my grip on Gaara, and switched again.

He stumbled as we landed. Kawarimi was rough on passengers, but I didn’t have time to be
gentle. We were still in the camp, I needed - there. Urushi came towards us at speed, faltering
when he recognised Gaara and pulling his lips back in the beginnings of a snarl.

“No,” I told him, aiming a kunai straight up in the air and letting it fly. “Gaara’s good. We
like him.”

He didn’t seem convinced. Nor did Gaara, and he kept trying to twist out of where I was
holding him. Not back away, just - I couldn’t tell. Make me stop holding? Shift my grip to his
clothes instead of his skin? I needed decent contact for the kawarimi to be stable, he’d have
to deal. I hooked my other hand into Urushi’s vest, kept all my attention on the kunai and
waited for it to reach its highest point, followed it with my chakra and timed it just - now.

First switch; we hung suspended in the air for a too-short second, then rapidly began
accelerating down. Urushi scrabbled for purchase on my leg, kicking his back half up so his
vest wouldn’t slide off over his head. Gaara grabbed for me with both hands and nearly
dropped the chain in the process. I picked a random direction and strained my eyes as far as
they could see.

Second switch; we ploughed into a clump of reeds, ripping up the shallow roots from the
earth and scraping ourselves against the ground as our momentum was brought to an abrupt
and sudden stop. The camp was - just - still visible behind us, but there was no way anyone
would have been able to see which way we’d gone. Even so, we weren’t far enough, and the
crater our landing left would be a dead giveaway if they found it. I pushed myself to
standing, reaching for the other two and searching for a good destination for the third -

“No,” Gaara said, scrambling back away from me.

I frowned and reached for him again, frowning harder when he flinched. “We’re escaping,” I
told him frustratedly. Adrenalin was a wonderful thing, but that many kawarimis in a row
were tiring. Without his sand, Gaara was little more than a liability - I really didn’t want
anyone to catch up to us and force a fight. “Escaping’s important. What’s the problem.”

“You hurt me.”

I barely resisted rolling my eyes. No I hadn’t. We were wasting time. I scanned him for
injuries all the same, noting and ignoring the way he was leaning defensively away from me
as I did so. He was shivering, hunched and frightened, arms desperately clutching the stone
end of the chain to his chest. God, he really was a liability without his sand. It was taking far
more effort than it should’ve done for him to lift the chain, how the fuck was I meant to look
after him when he was so useless? Had he trained his muscles at all, or had he always relied
on chakra to carry him through? The only injuries I could see, if you could even call them
that, were grazes from where we’d landed in the reeds. The tiniest little paper cuts - they’d
hardly broken skin and he was kicking up a fuss. He was - I was trying to rescue him, why
did he have to make it so fucking difficult, couldn’t he just grow up and get over it, couldn’t
he stop being so damn weak -

I bit my lip so hard I tasted blood.

“What the fuck,” I mumbled. What was I doing. That wasn’t me. Was I rescuing him or. Or
what.

He set his jaw belligerently and scowled. “You did.”

“No, I - I mean, yes. Sorry. I’m sorry.” I shook my head, weirdly disorientated. The numb
clarity of a moment ago lingered at the edge of my mind, and for a second I swayed back
towards it. I was tired. Thinking took energy, it was much easier to just act instead.

But I’d made Gaara flinch. I’d made - maybe he wasn’t badly hurt and it wasn’t a big deal,
but he wasn’t meant to be scared of me. Besides, hadn’t that been what set him off in the
original timeline? He’d got hurt, and hadn’t known how to handle it? And even if it wasn’t,
had I actually told him what was happening, or just - just manhandled him, no warning about
any of it, and got mad at him when he baulked. Was that what I’d done?

I took a breath. Then another, because if I was what-the-fucking over things, then now was as
good as any a time to realise that I’d just killed two whole entire people and - nope, no, not a
good time, stop brain holy shit. Breathe. Just.

Breathe.

“Sorry,” I said again, opening my eyes. “I wasn’t thinking. I should have noticed you weren’t
ok.”

He eyed me warily. Normal social norms of accepting apologies weren’t in his skillset, but
truthfully, I appreciated the honesty.

“Why didn’t you?”

I bit my lip as I tried to work out how to answer that, then winced as I hit the same patch as
before. Gaara must have misinterpreted, because he zeroed in on the wince and asked, “Were
you afraid again? Or still hurt?”

“Not still hurt. Karin healed me, I’m all good. I promise.” And wasn’t that ironic, that Gaara
had hurt me because he didn’t understand how people worked and panicked his ass off when
he realised, but I’d hurt him because I was too busy being strong to care and then got
annoyed at him when he pointed it out. Maybe not quite the same level of hurt, but. Still.
Which of us had been raised to believe they were a monster again? Be stronger means be
better. Not be a fucking dick. Get it right.

“Then you’re afraid,” he concluded. I shook my head.

“Not every bad thing people do is because they’re hurt or scared,” I said. “Sometimes they’re
just wrong.” But; scared or not, we were still mid-way through an escape. I ran a hand
through my hair, fingers brushing over the flower-pins for reassurance as I tried to work out
what to do. “We need to go. They’ll send people looking for us, you for your - um, your
mother, me for my eyes. And because I’m pretty sure I’m now labelled as a traitor.” Like
brother, like sister. I’m sure our parents would be proud. “They didn’t see which way we
went, but they could have trackers. We aren’t safe here.”

God, would Kakashi be one of those trackers? When they healed him? What the hell would I
do if he was?

“Mother isn’t with me,” Gaara finally said. There was very little inflection in his voice, but
he managed to sound small and lost all the same. “Konoha took them away. I don’t know
where they are.”

“Not with - oh.” I very briefly considered then discarded the idea that Shukaku had actually
been extracted. Gaara wouldn’t have still been in the cell if that had been the case. “Still with
you,” I promised. “You just can’t hear them because of the chains.” I hesitated; caution said
that the fire jutsu to get him free would be too noticeable, even as far out from the camp as
we were. Practicality said the extra firepower of Gaara having his sand back would be
invaluable if we were chased. And speed. He’d go a lot faster with chakra to help him, but the
lack of stealth still felt too risky to me.

I dropped my gaze down to Urushi for moral support. His ears went up as he looked back at
me, but I couldn’t tell from his expression how much he was following of what was going on.

If I’d listed what caution and practicality demanded, then I should also include decency.
Decency said it was Gaara’s decision as much - if not more than - mine. He was the one
wearing the chakra suppressors, he should be the one to decide when they came off.

But what if he made the wrong choice. I didn’t have Pakkun waiting in the wings to step in
and dispense wisdom when people misunderstood. No Pakkun, no Kakashi, not even Sakura
to be the team leader. No one to watch my back, which meant I had to watch it, which meant
I was on edge to begin with and I really really wanted to do things the way I was comfortable
with. I wanted stealth. I was pretty sure Gaara would want his chakra back, and life would go
much smoother if I overlooked that and didn’t let him know it was an option.

Urushi tilted his head, waiting for me to decide what to do.

“I can get the chains off,” I said reluctantly. Gaara held his hands out immediately, and I
stifled a wince. “It’s risky. We’re - someone might see the fire. We’d be safer if we hid and
took them off later.”

“If someone sees the fire, Mother will kill them,” he said flatly.
  Right. Yes. More dead people. Maybe if I did the fireball underwater I could melt the chain
  with a jet of pressurised steam and no one would notice the flames and come running to their
  untimely but very sandy doom.

  I shook my head, dislodging the thought. Fire jutsu and water didn’t mix. Get it together,
  Uchiha. “Chains off,” I repeated. We were a long way out. Even if we were seen, we’d have a
  decent headstart on anyone coming after us, and between us Urushi and I could do enough to
  hide the trail. “I’ll try to keep the heat on the bits furthest from your hands, but let me know if
  it’s burning you.”

  Gaara nodded impatiently. I cast a last glance back at the camp and started cycling my chakra
  in preparation for the jutsu.

  Maybe I was being too cautious. We were a long way out. Or maybe the camp and being in it
  with Kakashi just felt very far away.

  I put it aside. Remember the clan, Sasuke. Next time I saw Itachi, I had to have something to
  show.



Chapter End Notes



    Crane: Is introduced!


                     😇
    The comments: Shisui??
    The author: nah

    Two of the comments: ... Itachi?
    The author: *frantic sidestepping*

    I won't apologise for misleading you all because you should know by now that i guard
    secrets, but i will apologise for underestimating quite how many of you love shisui and
    for getting your hopes up, so. sorry for that, but, um. i hope this is a good alternative?
                                       Chapter 43: War arc: X
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Gaara’s chains came off with an explosion of sand and sandy chakra that sent both Urushi
   and me scrambling back to avoid it.

   “It’s fine,” I told Urushi, one hand on his back to calm him while the other pressed against
   my chest to calm me. Killing intent or not, his chakra was heavy. I don’t know what I’d been
   expecting when I aimed a grand fireball at the chain and blew until my lungs gave out, but
   the sudden spike in air pressure as the suppressants failed - not to mention the way the sand
   fucking tore the cuffs off him - yeah. My heart was racing. A bit.

   “It’s fine,” I said again, firmer, tugging on Urushi’s fur to get his attention. “Naruto’s fire is
   fine, Gaara’s sand is fine. Stop growling at it. We like Gaara, don’t be rude.” Urushi flicked
   an ear backwards, but otherwise ignored me. “Urushi. Desist. He’s a friend.”

   A friend who was currently bent over, hands cradling his head while his entire body seemed
   to ripple with sand. It was just reforming his armour. It was - hell, that looked weird. It was
   fine. I deliberately moved to block Urushi’s line of sight and crouched down to give him an
   unimpressed look.

   “He made a bad first impression,” I allowed. “But it’s good now. He was trying to help. He’s
   going to be sticking around - if he wants - and he’s scary, but not to us, and life will be better
   for everyone if you give him another chance. Ok? No growling.”

   Urushi licked his nose. The growl stopped. The hackles, however, stayed raised, and he in no
   way relaxed from his tense position. “Stubborn,” I accused him.

   He licked his nose again.

   I used the excuse of rolling my eyes at him to subtly check on Gaara. He’d stopped holding
   his head, which was good, and his sand armour had settled down, which was even better. “All
   good?” I asked, standing up and turning to face him in the same movement. “Your mum and
   your chakra are back where they’re meant to be, the chains didn’t do anything permanent?”

   “All good,” Gaara confirmed slowly, tilting his head as he stared at Urushi. I nodded and
   went to move on, but he continued, “Your dog doesn’t like me.”

   Urushi sneezed. I really needed to find out what the sneezing meant.

   “Last time he saw you you attacked us and sand-coffined me,” I explained. “It’s fine, don’t
   worry about it. How fast can you run?”

   He considered. “Not as fast as at home. I don’t like the water, and I don’t have enough sand
   to carry us.” I pulled a face at that. His gourd - it was probably somewhere back at the camp.
Or strewn liberally over the battlefield, and though he’d been able to form his sand armour
again, that seemed to be his limit.

“I can kawarimi us again to make up the -”

“I’m sorry,” he interrupted. I blinked, frowning at him curiously. “I didn’t know that I should
have noticed him.”

“Um.” I shared a blank look with Urushi. “No? You’d never met him.”

That didn’t seem to be the answer he was looking for, and he pressed, “I saw him. He was in
the way. But I didn’t notice him. And I hurt you, because I thought I wouldn’t but I was
wrong. I’m sorry.”

“You - wait.” I squinted. It was the oddest apology I’d ever received, and the strange wording
made it sound almost insincere, but Gaara was waiting very intently for my response. “It’s
ok,” I offered uncertainly. “I forgive you?” More importantly though, “Can we escape now?
Someone might have spotted the fire and the sand and the big chakra thing. We should move
in a not-here-ish sort of direction. Preferably at speed.”

He nodded, his posture relaxing in satisfaction, and I put it aside. Urushi wasn’t actively
antagonising him, he didn’t want to upset Urushi, everything else would sort itself out later.
You know, when we weren’t in grave danger of being arrested by Konoha for murdering
people and running away.

And after a nap. Dear god I wanted a nap.



We ran. Left, right, doubling back and changing direction. Between us, Urushi and I had
enough tracking knowledge that we could avoid leaving a trail, and enough familiarity with
the area from chasing the scout through it that we could avoid most of Konoha’s outposts and
patrol routes. I kept a list of them, running it through my mind and ticking off landmarks as
we passed them. Also on the list was everything else I now had to plan for - food, sand,
weapons, preferably somewhere I could get a whole new outfit, a damn direction to go in
other than just ‘away’ - how the fuck did missing nin survive? We were two kids and a dog in
the big wide world, and all we had to our name were two remaining protein packets; a
somewhat meagre collection of kunai, shuriken, and wire; and a borrowed ANBU mask that
I’d forgotten to give back to Kakashi.

What were we meant to do.

“I don’t know,” Gaara said, as though that helped in any way. “I’ll follow you.”

“That’s very sweet and all but there’s a reason that I made Sakura be the team leader and not
me.”

“What is it?”
I faltered. I was pretty sure, actually, that the answer at the time had been that I couldn’t be
asked. Investing effort in people I didn’t want to care about sounded exactly like the sort of
thing I tried to avoid. Also that I had negative skill in managing people, but given who I was
talking to, I wasn’t sure that was the best answer I could go with. “Not important. Karin can
be the leader, we should find Karin and make her decide things.”

Urushi wagged his tail. Not that he played favorites, oh no, he just happened to like Karin.
Probably because he associated her with ice cream instead of death, or some other
insignificant detail like that.

“I want to know what the reason is,” Gaara pointed out. “That makes it important.”

I shot him a pinched look. “I’m impulsive and I get stressed when I realise I don’t have a
plan. Karin? Yes or yes?”

He blinked, but gave no other sign that he’d heard my answer and moved onto my question
instead. “She was with us in Sound. She might still be there.”

“In Sound? How the fuck did Orochimaru smuggle you all into Sound? I left her in Konoha. I
left you in Konoha, I thought you’d be staying with Sand people somewhere. Fucking -
Sound, right, fine. Do you still know the way?”

He raised his arm and pointed wordlessly behind us. Of course he did. Why on earth
wouldn’t he, the border with Rice was behind us, obviously that was the direction to go for
Sound. Being a missing nin was off to a grand start.

I chewed my lip. The border with Rice was too dangerous to cross, but Iron was just north of
us. They also had a border with Rice, and Iron had a reputation for being aggressively neutral
when it came to anything shinobi. “Sound,” I repeated, visualising the route on my mental
map. Following the rivers would probably be the easiest way not to get lost, and with any
luck the silty marshes would be replaced by sandy river beds at some point. Gaara was able
to get some sand out of the soil, but it would be good to properly refill his supplies.

Speaking of, “There’s a village. Kakashi and I went through it before - I don’t think they had
a lot of ninja supplies, but they might have something.” I narrowed my eyes, trying to work
out how much of a delay it would add. Not much. Worth investigating, at least. Would it be
too risky? Maybe. But useful. Investigating under genjutsu? Or - I bet no one would look
twice at a stray dog hanging round a food stall. Yes. That could work. “Ok.” I took a breath,
and resettled myself. Ok. I knew what I was doing, we could figure out the next steps once
we got closer to Karin. Actually going into Sound to retrieve her was going to be an issue,
but we could cross that bridge when we came to it. “Ready to sprint again?”

Gaara’s expression soured unhappily, but he obligingly sped back up. I was doing my best to
mimic the way Kakashi had pushed me, alternating between running flat out and slowing to a
more manageable jog for a rest, but it wasn’t the easiest thing to judge. I think I did ok. No
one pulled a muscle and I didn’t work Gaara so hard he collapsed out of exhaustion, so. Win.

I, on the other hand, did collapse out of exhaustion, frustratingly soon after we’d decided on
the plan. My muscles weren’t tired - flat out for Gaara was fast, don’t get me wrong, I’d just
got used to faster - but sleep deprivation was a form of torture, and though it wasn’t Itachi’s
intention with his Tsukuyomi, I was wrung out and struggling all the same. My attention kept
drifting. I’d pick up the pace without realising it, and keep accelerating, and forget to go
around the lakes instead of over it because all that mattered was I had to keep moving and
detours slowed me down -

Urushi could say he didn’t trust Gaara all he liked, but he was the only reason we didn’t leave
him behind. The fifth time Urushi ‘accidentally’ knocked into me and snapped me out of it, I
called a halt. It was a bit after dawn, we’d run - I hadn’t kept track. A long way. Maybe
halfway to the village, though we weren’t taking the direct route so it was difficult to say for
sure. Either way, we’d thrown in enough kawarimis and stretches of running along or through
the water to throw off anyone tracking us by scent, and we were far enough from the camp
that the chances of anyone following us were low.

Not impossible. We’d tracked the scout over longer distances and through worse conditions -
and I never thought I’d be actively missing the rain, but here we were. Even so, I was fast
approaching my limit, and resting was a risk we had to take.

“Keep watch for me,” I told Gaara, bunking down in one of the trees and covering myself
with a camouflage henge for good measure. “I won’t be asleep for long, but if I don’t sleep
now I’ll crash and never wake up again.”

He looked at me in alarm. “That’s not how sleep works.”

I scrunched up my nose in thought, then gave it up as too complicated. “Eh,” I settled for.
“Maybe. Lack of sleep is bad, but you’re still alive, so. Not unavoidably fatal.” Although,
that was a thought. Could Gaara have slept while he was wearing the chakra chains? I didn’t
know how his insomnia worked. I considered asking him, then decided against. Nap first,
what-if scenarios later. And if Urushi wasn’t the happiest that I was making myself
vulnerable and relying on Gaara to keep me safe, well, he hadn’t been the one living through
three days in one second. I was done. We’d escaped, I was tapping out, I said an absent
“Wake me if someone tries to kill us,” to the other two, and that was it.

I meant for it to be a catnap.

Brains use sleep to sort the memories of the day. It’s where your dreams come from, I think. I
read it somewhere. I don’t know if it’s true. Learning to fall asleep on demand was one of the
best things the academy ever taught us, but they were never that concerned with what
happened while you were out. You needed to reset yourself back to peak condition, to set an
internal timer to wake up whenever you wanted, and to stay alert enough to react to an enemy
attacking you - but dreams? Nah. What would they teach us about them? There was nothing
useful to learn.

Whether I did dream or not - I don’t know. I didn’t remember it, if I did; I remembered
curling into the tree, being grumpy at it for daring to have branches and being grumpy at
Konoha for making me too paranoid about leaving traces to snap the branches off and make
myself comfortable. Urushi sat at the base of the trunk, Gaara stationed himself a few feet
away. His head was tilted as though listening to someone, and he seemed to be frowning at a
nearby frog. I wasn’t paying much attention, just noting it in a vague aware-of-surroundings
kind of way as I drifted off.

Then - my chest was tight. My heart raced, but unevenly, flopping against my ribs and
making me light-headed and nauseous. It didn’t feel like my heart. It didn’t feel like my
chest, and I was gripping the branches hard enough to hurt like I was terrified I would float
away if I didn’t. My breath was coming too fast and too short, uneven, each one running into
the next until I almost choked - my lips were tingling, why were my lips - dizzy, dizzy dizzy
going to fall, where was, what was, tree? I couldn’t see. What - all I could see were the tiny
cracks in the bark, I think it was bark but I couldn’t pull back enough to make it out and it
was overlaid with red and I had to, I’d lost track of Itachi where was he behind me I -

Urushi barked. I slammed my eyes shut on instinct, flinching so hard away from the sound I
almost dislodged myself, and it was only when he trailed off into a steady, plaintive whine
that I managed to identify him as him and calm down.

“I’m ok,” I told him. “It’s ok. I’m fine. We’re good.”

My heart was still trying to break out of my ribcage. Rude. What the fuck kind of wake up
call was that, I couldn’t even remember what had made me so panicked in the first place.

“It’s fine. It’s - nothing happened. All fine.”

Even so, it took a minute before I was able to relax enough to drop out the tree and run my
hand over his head. It was grounding - the dizziness was gone, I could breathe again, and
when I opened my eyes the world was made of objects and not just unrecognisable patches of
shape and colour. “See?” I said, spreading my fingers out for Urushi to lick to keep him away
from my chin. “I told you I was good. Nothing to worry about.”

“You weren’t good,” Gaara disagreed. I blinked; I hadn’t forgotten he was there, but I’d been
more focussed on Urushi than on him. “You were scared again.” He sounded a mix of
frustrated and put out, which made no sense, until he elaborated: “I was keeping watch. There
was nothing to be scared of.”

I stared at him blankly. He tilted his head, and insisted, “I’d’ve killed it if there was.”

“Um. Thank you?” I resisted the urge to shake my head to clear it, and moved swiftly on
before Gaara could start asking questions. Questions were great, I was in full theoretical
support of curiosity, but just then I didn’t want to talk about it. “Do we have anything to eat?”

He held out - no. What the fuck. I’d been mistaken before; he hadn’t been considering a frog,
it was a toad. The sort that secreted poison from its skin. The sort you didn’t mess with.

“Gaara, that’s not food.”

“Mother says it is.” He frowned at it, and blatantly lied, “I’m not hungry though.”

What, did tanuki eat toads now? I thought Shukaku lived in the desert. “It’s not food for
people,” I said diplomatically. “Or dogs.” I stretched as I stood up; judging by the sun I’d
been able to get an hour or so of sleep, and even if it had ended abruptly I still felt a lot more
awake now than I had done before. “It might be food for fish, I don’t know. I know they eat
frogs, if they’re big enough, but toads are different. We can try using it for bait and see if it
works.” And when it inevitably didn’t work, and the toad unfortunately escaped, we’d have
to resort to shuriken fishing like normal people used. Alas. What a shame.

“It’s not bait,” Gaara insisted loyally. “It’s food. You just need to know how to eat it.”

“I’m getting fish. You can join me if you want, but no one can run anywhere on an empty
stomach. Let’s go.”

                                               ___

Interlude: That one building in the camp that’s serving as headquarters for the war

“Well,” Shikaku said, not so much sitting in his chair as attempting to osmose back into it.
“Shit.”

Inoichi hummed, only looking up from the notes in front of him for as long as it took to slide
a thermos down the table. Mealtimes were a thing that happened to people who weren’t
jounin commanders, but Shikaku still needed to eat.

“Any shit in particular, or just a general-purpose one?”

“Aburame came back. No luck; Uchiha’s been burning off kikaichu for days now and none of
them managed to stick, and the jinchuuriki killed the ones that were on him after he got his
sand back.” He grimaced; he had two Inuzuka in the camp, except Hatake used dogs too. If
Uchiha paid any attention at all, he’d know how to evade them. In an ideal world Shikaku’d
have a better selection of trackers to choose from, but he was in a recently invaded war camp.
Ideal worlds were in short supply.

“Soup,” Inoichi pressed, aiming a pair of chopsticks to roll to a stop next to it. “Do we have a
direction, at least?”

“Sound. Uchiha’s leading them through Iron. I have some patrols in the area, but if he
continues as he is I can’t guarantee they’ll intercept him.” He curled his fingers round the
chopsticks, but made no move to open the thermos or use them. “Iron don’t like missing nin
at the best of times, the chances of Orochimaru coming through that way were too low for
more than a skeleton defence.”

“Her,” Inoichi said.

“What?”

“Intercept her. Sasuke’s a girl.” He raised an eyebrow, and added teasingly, “Don’t tell me
Shikamaru didn’t mention it. I have it on good authority from Ino that they’re best rival-
friends forever.”

“Please don’t remind me that we’re dealing with someone the same age as my son. It’s not
the realisation I need in my life.” Shikaku grimaced; same age or not, Uchiha had already
proved herself a threat. The fact that she was a friend of Shikamaru’s made it worse - though
best rival-friends was pushing it, he was pretty sure the two of them had genuinely disliked
each other in the academy. Jiraiya had sent a warning that she’d be accompanying Hatake to
the camp and had mentioned his worries that Orochimaru was recruiting her, but honestly?
Neither Shikaku nor Inoichi had thought it that high a risk. Not from what they’d picked up
from their children, not from the admittedly brief impression he’d got of her in the camp, not
from Hatake’s bitingly terse answers when Inoichi asked him either. She wasn’t ambitious
enough to be tempted away by power, nor isolated enough to have no ties to Konoha, nor
even bitter or angry enough to deliberately break the ones she did have. Bitter about what, it
wouldn’t matter - people who wanted to turn traitor tended to look for excuses and find them,
in Shikaku’s experience, and the vast majority of them boiled down to a childish sense of
arrogant entitlement. As young as she was, Uchiha just didn’t fit the profile, however hard
Orochimaru tried to persuade her.

Except that she’d betrayed them anyway. Without Hatake’s report, they couldn’t say for sure,
but the working theory was that she’d traded her loyalty for his life. It would explain why she
took the effort to bring him back before leaving, and if Shikaku could frame the battle as a
distraction while Orochimaru achieved his true goal of gaining the sharingan, he wouldn’t
have to worry so much about what else it might have been trying to hide.

He didn’t bother to consider that the purpose of the attack was to win the war. Orochimaru’s
absence from the battlefield was a glaring omission that all but announced the outcome didn’t
matter, and add onto that the fact that he’d sent the second of his two scout-and-strike teams
in as well? On the surface, Sound had lost. Both byakugan were back in Konoha’s
possession, Sound’s numbers had been so depleted they’d be hard pressed to launch a second
assault, and if the Ichibi had been a trump card then it was one that had been played far too
early. Excessive property damage just didn’t have the same impact when it was happening to
a temporary war camp.

But if not to win the war, then… what had Orochimaru gained, other than the sharingan? A
collection of dead Konoha nin, smaller than it could have been, still more than Shikaku
would have liked? An estimation of how many of the village’s active forces were
concentrated in the marshes, and how many therefore were left to defend the rest of the
country or the village itself? Orochimaru’s motives were hard to decipher at the best of times.

“Give me some better news,” he said, turning his thoughts away. Saving her sensei or not,
Uchiha had killed two Konoha nin on her way out and taken with her their best chance at
peace negotiations with Sand. Shikaku was acting as her jounin commander, not the father of
one of her friends; his priority was to end the war as decisively and with as few casualties as
possible, and he couldn’t afford to be distracted from it.

“... It looks like Crane defected,” Inoichi said, without even the decency to be apologetic
about it. This was not the good news Shikaku requested. “We found evidence of a fight not
far from the camp, and we can place both Crane and Kakashi there, but not Orochimaru or
any other third party from Sound. It’s consistent with what we’ve been able to gather from
the surviving Sound nin - wherever Orochimaru is, it isn’t here, and we don’t know what he’s
working on.”
Shikaku abandoned the chopsticks. Soup just wasn’t going to happen, not if he had to
untangle this mess on top of everything else. “Crane,” he repeated. “Fabulous. I hate it. Tell
me what we know.”

                                              ___

We spent the rest of the day moving, sticking with the river enough that I knew roughly
where we were without staying so close we became predictable. The village was still the
goal, though with the benefit of sleep to de-fog my brain, I realised what I’d completely
overlooked the day before: neither of us had any money. We were literally the worst prepared
missing nin you’d ever come across. It would’ve been laughable, if I wasn’t the one living
through it.

I refused to miss my kitchen. Or my washing machine. I’d been fine living outdoors for
Kakashi, I could be fine doing it for Itachi. I was fine. And even if I wasn’t, there was no
point crying about it, because which part of remembering the clan or being strong was crying
meant to help with? It didn’t, so. Leave me alone.

Some time around noon, Urushi’s ears went back. He didn’t move his head, too experienced
to let a pursuer know they’d been spotted, but he did drift closer to me with his tail up in
warning and his senses trained very carefully behind us.

“We’re being followed,” I told Gaara, keeping my voice low. I couldn’t see them yet, but I
could read Urushi’s signals; it was one person, not making any particular effort to be quiet,
and closing in.

“Yes,” Gaara agreed. He didn’t sound particularly surprised. Why was he not surprised. Did
everyone have better hearing than me, damnit.

“Outrun them, or ambush?”

“We’ve done a lot of running,” he pointed out. I grimaced; we could push up to a sprint, but
if our pursuer wasn’t trying to be quiet then that could easily mean they were trying to scare
us forward into a trap. It might also mean they were spoiling for a fight and confident enough
to be clumsy about it. Stupid people existed. Admittedly, we were a pair of thirteen year olds
running by ourselves - was Gaara thirteen? He was taller than me but not by much, maybe he
was only twelve - and neither of us looked particularly dangerous on the surface, but still.
Don’t judge a book by its cover, dumbass. Shukaku wasn’t twelve.

I scanned the trees for a decent hiding place. “Can you send clones forward pretending to be
us?”

He shook his head. “I don’t have enough sand to be everyone. We can just crush them
instead, then it won’t matter if they think we’ve kept running or not.”

I paused, burying my instinct to scowl at him for his reliance on death as a universal solution.
It was a different style to what I was used to, is all. And I was hardly one to talk, given the
recent increase in my body count, but - it was different. Lots of things were different. There
wasn’t time to be precious about it. “Yeah, ok. Up, we can drop down on them out of this
tree. Urushi, get behind and cut off their escape.” It wasn’t quite a Hashirama tree, but it was
tall enough - and sturdy enough - to lift us into the canopy. Anyone used to fighting Konoha
nin would know we liked attacking from above, but I was counting on the leaves for my
camouflage henge. That, and the reason Konoha nin liked attacking from above was that no
one raised outside a forest ever remembered to look up.

We crouched on the branches, waiting. From this angle I could see Urushi in the
undergrowth, ears forward and body taut in a ready position as he waited for the enemy to
pass him. Ten seconds. Fifteen. They got close enough that I could hear them, the snapping
twigs and rustling leaves giving them away as someone unused to moving through trees.
Twenty seconds, almost there -

Urushi relaxed suddenly, laying down and letting his tongue loll out in a clear friend signal.
My heart leapt, then sank just as fast; Kakashi wouldn’t have made so much noise. I couldn’t
think who else though Urushi would be happy to see.

“Wait,” I mouthed to Gaara, barely breathing the word. “Maybe ally. Don’t engage.”

One of us really needed to learn the other’s hand signals. Talking through your plans was just
asking for an enemy to overhear.

Then -

“I know you’re up there, idiots!”

“Karin?”

She aimed a sour look in the branches’ general direction. “Oh, were you waiting for someone
else? Sorry to disappoint. At least the damn dog’s happy to see me.”

I dropped to the floor. Urushi was already there, tail wagging as he said hello, and though I
flicked my sharingan on to check for genjutsu his word was all I needed to trust that it was
actually her. “Urushi,” I told her. “Not damn dog. He’s called Urushi. How are you here?”

“Gee, I don’t know, could it be that Murder-boy flared his chakra loud enough to call me
from literally the other side of the marshes? I can’t believe you both pissed off and didn’t
wait for me to answer your fucking summons, how quick did you expect me to get there?”

“We didn’t call you,” Gaara said, coming up behind me. “I had chains. Sasuke took them off
for me.”

She scowled. “I’m a chakra sensor. You know I’m a chakra sensor. If you were trying not to
call me you did a shit job of it.”

“We thought you were in Sound,” I said honestly. “We’d’ve called you if we knew you were
there, but it was just a side effect of Gaara getting his chakra back.”

“Why the fuck would I be - you told me not to go to Sound, and he got himself kidnapped.
And then the snakes said they lost you, I didn’t know where anyone was, I tried to come back
to get at least one of you but you’d already gone and then I think you’re showing me how to
find you but you’re actually just - seriously? I hate you. You suck.”

I couldn’t help but laugh, the surprise of seeing her fading and being replaced by relief. Even
the insults were familiar and therefore comforting, and I rocked forward on the balls of my
feet, grinning in the face of her anger. “I suck,” I agreed. “And give mixed messages and am
complicated, all of that. I’m glad you’re here. How did you track us? Was it just Gaara’s
chakra - wait, did anyone follow you? Can you sense if anyone else is coming?”

She crossed her arms and glared at me. I hesitated; it didn’t seem like her usual sort of glare.
It seemed, actually, like the sort of glare you’d wear to cover up how hurt you were.

“Sense them yourself,” she said. “I’ll leave you to it.”

“What? Wait, Karin -”

“I can take a damn hint, Uchiha. You didn’t want me to rescue you from Konoha. You didn’t
want me to follow you. You don’t get to use me now I’m here because I’m convenient.” She
shifted her glare to Gaara, opened her mouth, then changed her mind and shook her head. “I
hope the two of you are happy together,” she said scathingly, and turned on her heel to go.

“Karin.” She ignored me, so I jogged after her, reaching out to grab her sleeve. She jerked her
arm forward, snatching it out of my grip. “Karin, wait. I’m sorry, that’s not - we thought you
were in Sound so we were coming to get you. It’s not that we didn’t want you to follow us,
it’s that we didn’t know you were there.”

She stopped, but scoffed and didn’t turn back to us. “Yeah, right. You were coming to get me
in Sound, that’s why you’re pissing about in the opposite direction. Makes perfect sense.”

“The Fire-Rice border has too many people,” Gaara said from behind me. “We might fail to
get through. Sasuke’s scared of failing.”

“Hey,” I objected. “Breaking through enemy lines from an unexpected direction is good
strategy. Don’t knock it.” To Karin, I said, “He’s right though. We were going to go up
through Iron, it was the best way we could think of to get past the border and find you.”

She eyed me warily, but at least she was facing me now. I tried to project as much sincerity
into my expression as I could. “Because you needed a chakra sensor?”

Would a shrug be too casual, and therefore insulting? Or would a shrug project how little I
cared about her abilities because she was more important as a person? Fuckit. I shrugged.
“It’s useful, but that’s not the reason. We have Urushi, and apparently Gaara’s got super
senses.” I wrinkled my nose. Jury was still out on whether Gaara had super senses or I had
shit ones, but I was assuming that Shukaku helped him. “And before you bring up your
healing again, ew. It’s never not going to be disgusting.”

“Oh, sure, because your eyes aren’t freaky as -”
“So,” I continued, raising my voice to speak over her. “So, stop thinking we want whatever
collection of abilities you have. We don’t. Although, how the fuck did you get three kekkei
genkai, that’s completely ridiculous and I can’t believe no one’s trained you to take advantage
of them, what the hell. Grass are morons.” Unless Grass were in fact playing the long game
and sabotaging her combat to keep her from the front lines? She was invaluable as a medic, if
you were the sort of asshole to use her as a magic-medicine dispenser. Plus, Uzumaki were an
overpowered but rare bloodline; if she died in battle Grass would lose not just her but any
future Uzumaki she might have given them. Good thing Grass had already lost her and any
kids she may or may not choose to ever have, but still. “Dicks. We should visit them when
your taijutsu’s fixed and show them how wrong they were. Do you only have one chain, or
can you make more? If you had more you could use them like legs and just hold yourself out
of their reach while you throw things at them.”

She huffed, crossing her arms and giving me a pinched expression. “My taijutsu’s fine.”

“It’s really not. Are you happy now, or do I need to convince you more?” I squinted, but
truthfully, she didn’t look that happy. Which. Ok. Convincing, I could do that. “We want you
to join us because you’re a person who happens to have cool skills, not because you’re a cool
skill with a person tagging along? Um. Your life experiences resonate with ours, let’s be
friends?”

I winced. Resonate. What kind of crappy nonsense-speak manual did I crib that from, wow.

“I thought I was family and that was the important part,” she said. I waved her off.

“Yeah, but you already knew that. You…” I cast around for another reason. One that wasn’t
quite so selfishly pathetic as I want you to stay because I don’t like being alone. It had been
short-sighted to get so attached to people in Konoha because I was always going to leave
them, but it didn’t change that I’d got used to having people around. Karin was a person. One
Itachi wasn’t going to make me leave. Therefore, I wanted her around. Simple. “You came
back for us,” I settled for. “You look out for us, we look out for you. It’s how it works.”

Was it? I hoped so. I was running out of arguments, one of them had better have worked.

“You keep saying we,” Karin said, tipping her head to gesture at Gaara and Urushi. “You
seem pretty confident that the others will agree.”

I blinked. “Urushi likes you,” I said, glancing down to check with him. He lifted his ears and
wagged his tail, so that was one out of two, but she was right that I hadn’t actually checked
with Gaara. I angled my shoulders towards him, stepping back so that the four of us formed
more of a circle all facing each other. “Gaara, is it ok if Karin joins us?”

“You forfeited against her in the exam,” he said. “I assumed she was on the list of people I
wasn’t allowed to kill.”

That threw me for a second. For all it had only been a couple of months ago, the exam felt
very far away. Still, it was a good base line, and I nodded my agreement. “Yes. On the list.
Definitely on the list.” And, ignoring the somewhat incredulous look Karin aimed at both of
us, “But besides that. Are you happy if she comes with?”
  He paused, frowning slightly in what I guessed was confusion, though I wasn’t sure what I’d
  said that had been confusing. “... I don’t mind,” he said eventually, his tone almost uncertain
  enough that it sounded like a question.

  It was close enough. I decided to take it as an answer instead.

  “See,” I said, turning back to Karin. “Unanimous. Come be a missing nin with us, it’ll be
  great.”

  She wavered. I fought the urge to scowl; I got that I hadn’t been the most consistent of people
  - not that I thought it was my fault, I’d had a lot on my plate to deal with - but it shouldn’t be
  this hard for her to believe we wanted her. It wouldn’t be this hard if people hadn’t taught her
  she was unwantable, and the fuckers responsible better hope I never found out who they
  were. Assholes. She was a whole entire person and they’d given her trust issues because it
  was convenient for them. Who did that. Assholes.

  “Fine,” she relented, her body language shifting back to being combative instead of
  defensive. “I’ll be a missing nin with you. Which was my idea in the first place, do you know
  how rude it is to live someone’s dreams without them? You’re the worst. Both of you are the
  worst. You aren’t because you’re a dog, but just so you know, your mistress is the worst.”

  My shoulders slumped in relief. “Oh thank fuck. You have no idea how glad I am not to be
  breaking into Sound to find you.” I also wrinkled my nose, and added, “Urushi’s a summon.
  He doesn’t have a mistress,” because it was important people knew not to treat him like an
  animal.

  “How were you going to do it?” She nodded her head behind us in Rice’s general direction
  and clarified, “The whole rescue plan. Sound’s inside a mountain, it’s kind of well defended.”

  “Um. You know.” I made a vague hand-wavy movement that I hoped she’d interpret as
  something competent. “Improvise.”

  “I hate you so much, Uchiha.”



Chapter End Notes



    Urushi, gesturing to Karin: This one sparks joy
    And turning to Gaara: This one does not
                                       Chapter 44: War arc: XI
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   There was no more need to go to Sound now that Karin had joined us, but it made sense to
   keep heading for the village all the same. Apart from anything else it gave us something to
   aim towards while we tried to work out what we were doing, and would be a helpful
   waypoint on the road to Iron if we did decide to go there. It was a possible option. On the one
   hand, they were close to Rice and didn’t like shinobi; on the other, our age should help us fly
   under the radar, and at least Konoha and Sound would be discouraged from following us.

   In the more immediate sense, we needed supplies. I wasn’t holding out hope for the village to
   have weapons and bedrolls, but food was an issue - surviving wild for more than a few days
   at a time was a recipe for stomach cramps and exhaustion. Technically, we’d been taught at
   the academy how to sustain ourselves from a wide range of environments found in and
   around Fire Country. Practically, no. Foraging took too long, if it went south it went south
   badly, and it wasn’t worth the risk. We stuck to the limited range of things we knew for
   certain were good and made up the bulk of what we ate with fish and, that particular evening,
   eels; the rain made it difficult to see through the surface of the water, but eels hid in the
   muddy shallows and their holes were easy enough to find.

   “Better than toad?” I teased Gaara when he took a very small, very suspicious bite to taste it.

   He chewed methodically, swallowed, and said, “You didn’t let me eat the toad. I can catch
   you another one and you can compare them, if you like.”

   I blinked. I also tried to catch Karin’s eye to see if she could tell if he was joking or not, but
   she’d apparently decided she didn’t want to know and was pretending to ignore us.

   He was probably joking. Maybe. One hell of a deadpan, but he wouldn’t actually have eaten
   the toad. Ninety percent certain. “That’s ok,” I offered, with more confidence than I was
   convinced I felt. “There aren’t any around here, it’s not worth going looking.”

   He nodded. “If I see one I’ll let you know.”

   “Please don’t,” I said, and moved the conversation on before he could answer. “Are we ok to
   keep going? At least until we find shelter, the ground’s too wet to sleep.” The ground and
   everything else; tonight’s weather was that sort of patchy, intermittent drizzle that made
   everything miserable and never rained enough to burn itself out and move on. Gaara had a
   white sash-shawl that could double as either a blanket or a very narrow and not very
   waterproof tent canvas, but other than that we had the clothes we were wearing and very little
   else to camp under.

   “By shelter,” Karin asked, “we mean…?”
“Dry?” A handy cave would be too much to ask, but, “There were more trees further out from
the lakes. Not enough for a solid leaf layer, but we can at least avoid puddles.”

“By shelter we mean dry,” she confirmed, just barely withholding her grimace. “Sure. Why
not. We’ll follow you.”

“Welcome to the high life,” I said dryly, and threw my eel bones in the water for the fish.



We did actually manage a decent lean-to for the night. I didn’t know if we were lucky or if
the frequent storms meant fallen branches were just common in the area, but the small forest
we reached had enough of them for us to build an angled roof to keep the steadily worsening
rain out while we slept. Nothing that would survive longer than a night, and nothing that we
couldn’t deconstruct and remove all evidence of in the morning, but it was a relief to retreat
underneath it and gently steam dry from the immolation jutsu.

Urushi lay down decisively next to me, stretching out to steal as much heat as he possibly
could. It was a novel experience; usually I was the cold one using other people for warmth,
and if I could’ve kept the jutsu going for him, I would - but when I jerked awake a couple of
hours later it was in a cold sweat with no trace of fire left to lull me back to sleep.

“I’m fine,” I promised him. In an immediate sense, I wasn’t, but I reached out blindly and ran
my hand over his fur while I waited for my breathing to fix itself and my vision to zoom back
out to something workable, and it helped. “It’s just - it’s a bad dream. I don’t even remember
it. It’s fine. I should - do we have water?” My throat was dry, enough that the words I was
whispering were coming out hoarse and barely audible. “I should drink something. I’ll be
back in a sec.”

He followed me out, his shoulder pressed so close against my knee he almost made it difficult
to walk, and his head tipped back to watch me instead of looking where he was going.

“Stop that. I said I was fine. I’m thirsty, is all.” The rain had reduced to a fine mist, making
the wet grass stick to my feet as soon as I left the bare earth beneath the trees. I ignored it,
wrapping my arms around myself and sitting down on my heels at the edge of the nearest
water. It was silty and opaque, and for a full minute I focussed on a narrow stream of it,
drawing it out with my chakra and leaving the dark residue behind.

I wasn’t actually thirsty. I drank it anyway, then shook my hands out and ran my wet fingers
through my hair. They caught on my headband and for a moment I sat there, fingers on my
forehead and eyes staring blankly into nothing.

“I don’t get missing nin.”

Urushi cocked his ears curiously at me. I undid the headband and held it in my hand, the
metal plate across my palm and the black fabric hanging limply either side.

“Why would you go to all the effort of leaving a village, then still wear its symbol like you’re
proud of it? Crossing it out just lets everyone know you’re illegal. What’s the point of that?”
Should I keep it? There might be times when it would be useful to impersonate a konoha nin.
If I threw it in the lake, someone could find it and know which way we’d gone. A dramatic
gesture was a stupid way to get caught. But realistically, the lake was deep and the bottom
was so muddy that anything dropped in it would be buried as soon as it landed. Even if you
knew the headband was there you'd struggle to find it, and there was very little unique about
it to identify it for certain as mine.

“Your choice,” I said eventually, holding it out to Urushi. “You have one too, I don’t want us
not to match. You keep yours, I keep mine, or we get rid of them both. What do you think?”

He blinked, his eyes faintly reflective in the dark, then dipped his head towards my hand. For
a moment I thought he was going to take the headband, but he didn’t; he used his back paw to
hook into the bandana he wore round his neck and pulled his head up until it slipped off over
it, then dropped it, and the metal Konoha plate sewn onto it, in a heap on top of mine.

I swallowed. “You sure? They don’t like people asking for replacements.” I shook my head; I
wasn’t going to ask for a replacement. “You’re sure,” I checked again, and when he wagged
his tail, I stood up and threw them in a smooth arc before I had the chance to second guess.

They landed with a single splash, tangled together and sinking to the bottom as one piece. I
stared at the spot until the ripples had faded away, then turned wordlessly to go back to our
makeshift camp, Urushi padding along beside me.

                                               ___

Interlude: Furthest corner of the hospital building in the war camp

Kakashi woke up with a headache, the lingering burn of overusing his chakra coils, and a
toad on his chin.

“Rise and shine, eh sir? Up up and at ’em. Took you long enough. I have a message for you
sir, a message I do, and I’m told to be giving it to you if you’re alive and to be letting Jiraiya-
sama know if you’re not, and no one says anything about if you’re snoring, do they? Mighty
inconsiderate but what do I know, just does as I’m asked all polite-like and nevermind the
fuss.”

It took more concentration than Kakashi liked to parse the rapid-fire dialect, and he hid a
frown of annoyance as he pushed himself to a sitting position. The toad hopped down to a
more stable position on his knee, and in the back of his mind, Kakashi ran through the usual
status checks of waking up somewhere he didn’t remember going to sleep. No injuries,
enemies not present, nothing about the toad or the room around him immediately identifiable
as fake. Chakra levels low but thankfully not dangerously so, and by the feel of his clothes
and the taste in his mouth he’d been out at least a day but not much more than that. Which
was in itself unusual; other than chakra exhaustion, there weren’t many injuries that kept
someone unconscious for longer than a few minutes at a time without -

Itachi. Sasuke. The looped genjutsu, three days of brutal attack with no opportunity to fight
back.
He jerked upright in alarm.

“Message, sir,” the toad prompted. “Only I got a job to do, don’t I, and the longer I spend
here the less I spend there, and if you ask me you’ve made me wait enough. Not that anyone
does ask me, mind. But if they did, I’d say it’s no trouble sir, because that’s the sort of
gentletoad I am but on the inside see I’d be thinking that I got a job to do and all this hold up
is causing an hole in our eyes and ears on the ground, and what will we do then if we misses
summin’ important-like because I was here with you?”

Kakashi was not a fan of small talk at the best of times. This was not the best of times. He
was clearly back in the camp, so if he was lucky that meant they’d been rescued - but Sasuke
had still been exposed to Itachi’s mangekyou and he didn’t know what she’d seen.

“Report,” he said, more to get rid of the toad than out of any desire to listen to what Jiraiya
had to say.

“Right sir, as you says sir, Gamanuma checking in.” She resettled herself, squatting back on
her haunches to draw herself up to her full height, and began. “In the morning, sir, at oh-sun-
is-up-hundred, I was at my station, watching for enemy action, when I senses a disturbance in
the marsh. So I investigates it, and I find this ’uman, with this other ’uman, except the other
’uman is a cannibalistic maniac, and also this dog what isn’t a dog but is, in fact, a summon.
And the dog don’t know I’m there mind, he thinks I’m just a toad because of my cunning
disguise of being a toad, and the ’uman is asleep, but the second ’uman what’s cannibalistic
and all, he nearly kills me and I barely gets out with my life.”

“Gamanuma,” Kakashi interrupted. “The message.”

“All in good time, sir, I was setting the scene for you so as you’d understand. So the first
‘uman wakes up, and I makes my daring escape, but before I go I think to myself: that’s one
of Jiraiya’s kids, that is, the short one with the wonky arm, ’cept the arm’s not wonky no
more, but when he got kids he showed us what kids he’d got, right, or showed one of us but
we spreads the word so he knew he was showing all of us, and he showed us so’s we’d
recognise them, and that there was one of ’em, and it ain’t right that one of Jiraiya’s kids be
keeping company with a cannibalist if you know what I mean, so I makes sure Jiraiya knows
in case he’s lost a kid and needs to know where they are.”

Jiraiya’s kids. Kakashi grit his teeth but let it pass; it wasn’t worth getting into with a
summon.

“Where are they?” Sasuke, Urushi - who was the third? Itachi? Sasuke wouldn’t have left
with him.

“Thataway,” Gamanuma supplied, kicking one leg out to the side. If Kakashi knew which
direction he was facing to begin with, it might have been more helpful.

If Kakashi knew he was right when he said Sasuke wouldn’t have left with Itachi, that
would’ve been helpful too. Yesterday, however long ago yesterday was, he could’ve been
sure. Today he was faced with a reality where Sasuke saw her brother, and her entire body
language relaxed into relief. She’d been more accepting of him than she had been of Jiraiya.
Than she had been of Kakashi when she’d first met him, and Kakashi didn’t know what it
meant but he knew he didn’t like the implications either way.

Gamanuma cleared her throat and waved at him. “Are you ready for the message now, sir?”

The door to Kakashi’s room, if the vaguely partitioned area of the hospital building could be
called a room, opened to let Shikaku in.

“Don’t let me stop you,” he said with a vague attempt at a greeting wave and a nod at
Kakashi, and slouched against the wall to listen.

“Right you are then, sir. Jiraiya-sama would like you to know: Start. Sasuke travelling with
unidentified companion, suspect Ichibi container. Aiming for Sound to meet with a ‘Karin’,
most likely Uzumaki Karin, Grass genin recruited by Sound a few weeks ago. Kakashi, what
the hell is going on. Stop. Exactly that, Gamanuma, repeat it back and don’t mess it up.” She
rocked back, clearly pleased with herself for remembering correctly. “That’s all there is to it,
sir. Do you want me to take a return or can I go back to work? Eyes and ears I am, sir, but if
you’re wanting to send a message of your own I’ll ask you kindly to keep it short.”

“Confirmed Ichibi container,” Shikaku said, as much to Kakashi as to Gamanuma. “She
killed two people breaking him out. Aiming for Sound matches up with what we thought as
well; we assumed she was joining Orochimaru.”

“Joining Orochimaru, roger that,” Gamanuma repeated. “Two people dead, Ichibi confirmed,
anything else to add?”

Kakashi fought the urge to shake his head, in denial or just to make everything pause while
he processed, he wasn’t sure. Two people dead. Travelling to Sound. How did Sasuke make
the leap from Itachi to Orochimaru.

“She wouldn’t,” was the answer. “Orochimaru wasn’t involved, and she’d never go with him
even if he was.” That much at least he was sure of; her fear of Orochimaru was very real and
very justified, she wouldn't cast it aside that easily - it was more likely that she was after
Karin on some mad rescue mission than that she was going to turn herself over to Sound.
“Uchiha Itachi was acting as ANBU Crane, for the duration of this mission and possibly
longer. His purpose wasn’t clear, but he targeted Sasuke, and he was the one we both
confronted after the battle.” As far as reports went it wasn’t the most formal, but it would do.
“How long ago did she leave?”

“You’ve been out approximately thirty six hours,” Shikaku said. If he was surprised to hear
that Crane was Itachi he didn’t show it, but his expression was grim. “She returned with you
to the camp shortly after the battle and left again immediately. We tracked her long enough to
know she’s cutting through Iron, but don’t currently have a position for her.” He turned to
Gamanuma. “Does Jiraiya?”

“No sir,” she said, then added defensively, “She were with a cannibalist, weren’t she? Eyes
and ears I am, not teeth and claws. Can’t do nobody no good if I’m eaten, can I?”
Smaller toads were better suited to stealth than pursuit; it was frustrating, but not unexpected.
“At the speed she was going we’d expect her to reach the border any time in the next few
days,” Shikaku continued, frowning as he thought. “But if she left for her brother -”

“Not willingly. He murdered her entire clan, there’s no way -”

“Kakashi,” he interrupted. “I can’t change the facts. If I don’t know the facts, I need you to
tell me, but I also need you to appreciate that she’s currently down as a missing nin and
suspected Sound turncoat with a bodycount under her belt.”

The laws for retrieving missing nin were flexible. The more valuable the ninja, and the more
allies they had arguing their case, the more likely they were to be reabsorbed back into the
village if they could prove their loyalty. It would be a stain on their record, but minor
misdemeanors could be - for certain people - overlooked.

Killing a fellow Konoha nin was not a minor misdemeanor. It was also blatantly out of
character for Sasuke, but Shikaku wasn’t one to jump to conclusions: if it was what he said
Sasuke did, then Kakashi had to accept she did.

Was it out of character. It had to be out of character. Within her abilities, yes, he’d been the
one to train her in them in the first place, but could Kakashi have missed…? No. Not this
much. She saw Gaara as a friend (a friend who’d crushed her, how in the fuck had she
survived and was it depressing or was it a sign of her loyalty that she probably still called him
a friend despite that) - but the murders? Running straight to Sound straight after?

“Not willingly,” he said again, slower. “Itachi’s genjutsu are unparalleled. He held her in one
when she was a child that she was still feeling the effects of as a genin, and I was unable to
prevent him holding her in another after the battle. The time dilation aspect of the genjutsu
gave him three days unrestricted access to her, and before it, I can confidently say that she
would not have betrayed Konoha like this.”

There was a silent pause. Gamanuma shifted restlessly on Kakashi’s knee, looking between
the two of them as though unsure if she were meant to be memorising this or not.

“A sleeper agent is not an improvement,” Shikaku finally said. “All you’re doing is casting
doubt on her actions for the past six years, and reopening the question of why Itachi left her
alive out of everyone else he killed. Are you sure this is what you want me to record?”

“What I’m doing is saying she’s a victim. She’s an asset to the village and worth too much to
write off for actions that were not her own. Whatever purpose Itachi had for forcing her to
leave, we’ll only be playing into it if we let her. And,” he said, choosing his words carefully,
“if Itachi is controlling her, then I’m the most likely one able to break her out of it.”

Shikaku’s eyes flicked there-and-back to Kakashi’s covered sharingan, but his expression
didn’t waver. Eventually, he straightened, pushing off from the wall as he came to a decision.
“All active duty jounin are remaining in the camp until we know Orochimaru’s next move.”
For a second, Kakashi’s thoughts spun; he’d disobeyed orders before for the sake of his
teammates but never so overtly. Even if he could prove Sasuke’s innocence when he got her
back (and among those spinning thoughts was the possibility that had to be considered,
because what if he couldn’t what then) he could still go down as a missing nin himself for
going after her -

“But,” Shikaku continued, “As far as I’m aware, you aren’t here as an active duty jounin.”

Kakashi stopped. Hound sat straighter, waiting for orders.

“Sasuke is aiming for Sound, approaching via Iron. We have minimal border presence and
will most likely be unable to stop her there. It’s in Konoha’s best interest that Orochimaru
does not gain access to the sharingan, and we have confirmed eyewitness reports that Sasuke
has activated hers. Understood?”

“Sir,” Hound confirmed with a sharp nod.

“Solo mission. No backup provided. And Kakashi -” he stood, collecting Gamanuma despite
her protests and moving away “- know when to pull out if you’re wrong.”

He closed the screen that was acting as a door behind him. Hound gave himself a minute to
stretch and test his limbs after being unconscious, then planned a route, prepared for his
mission, and left.

                                               ___

We reached the village late in the afternoon. Gaara and I were still skint, but it turned out
Karin had money. Not enough for what we needed, but she also had a completely blasé
attitude to thievery that she argued made up for the lack.

“We’re missing nin. Who cares if we short some random village a few yen?”

“I care,” I said hotly. “I’m the heir to one of the oldest clans in Fire Country, I’m not a petty
crook. Also, it’s not a few yen. I want clothes that actually fit.” The baggy outfit I’d
borrowed while my own clothes were drying wasn’t horrific, but of the various things I
regretted, not grabbing my gear on the way out the camp was one of the top ones. At least,
one of the top ones of the uncomplicated things I felt entirely justified in regretting, which
made it a much easier thing to complain about than the others. “If we’re missing nin, we
should do it properly. They can’t all steal stuff, they take missions. And collect bounties and
shit.”

“Bounties and shit,” Karin repeated incredulously. “You have no idea what you’re doing.”

I scowled at her. “I know exactly what I’m doing,” I corrected. “Currently I’m scouting a
village under genjutsu and deciding not to be a dick when things are already rough for them.
You know, that war thing that’s happening, making life difficult for people and being
inconvenient.”

Gaara resettled his weight on the roof next to me, glancing between us with a slight frown.
We’d colonised one of the taller buildings, high enough up that we wouldn’t be overheard
and with a clear view over the market place. With a clear view over the majority of the
village, actually, it wasn’t very big. Urushi was sat between Karin and me, perched right on
the top ridge so he wouldn’t slide down the tiles. He’d abandoned not only his bandana but
also his navy vest, and with his fur naturally scruffy to begin with and made scruffier by the
traces of mud clinging to his legs, he made for a very convincing stray.

“The village hasn’t been attacked,” Gaara pointed out. “The war is between ninja, civilians
aren’t affected.”

I made a noise of disagreement. “National trade routes are down. Everyone’s affected. Also,
this is the closest farming settlement to the camp and they’ve been working overtime to feed
it.” The food had to come from somewhere, we hadn’t all been eating protein packets and
fresh caught game in the mess hall. The wetlands were used to producing enough rice for
most of Fire, true, but the added demand for everything from seasoning to soap would
definitely put a strain on local supplies.

I hummed, looking over the village with fresh eyes. The added demand hadn’t just put a
strain on supplies, it’d visibly affected the village - just from where I sat I could see easily
half a dozen basic maintenance jobs that had been put off because the workers were busy in
the fields. Cracks that needed patching, wood piled haphazardly because it hadn’t yet been
cut and would rot if it wasn’t moved to better storage soon, loose flagstones rocking as
people walked over them…

“Missing nin take missions,” I said. “D-ranks are missions. What if we just did d-ranks to pay
for our stuff?”

“What’s a d-rank?”

I squinted at Gaara. Surely he was joking. How could he - ok, no, I could actually see how d-
ranks had passed him by. When I glanced over to Karin though, she looked as nonplussed as
him, and that I refused to believe. “D-ranks,” I said again. “Manual labour to practice
ninjaing. You know, like painting fences and herding pigs.”

“Wait,” Karin said. “You mean Konoha treats those as missions? You guys get paid to run
errands?”

“Yes? What does Grass do?”

Her face shuttered. “Not that,” she said, deliberately flippant. I squinted, but she shrugged it
off. “I was in the hospital most of the time, I didn’t really get involved. But hey, you want to
paint fences to make you feel better about stealing, you paint fences.”

… I let it slide. She didn’t want to talk about it, so I wouldn’t talk about it. If at some point
we happened to swing by Grass and ‘not talk about it’ in a cathartic, setting places on fire
kind of way, that would also be fine.

“It’s not stealing,” I said, focussing on the other half of what she said. “It’s an exchange of
goods for services, it’s basic economy. Can either of you do a solid henge? Naruto can, but I
don’t know if that’s Uzumaki chakra or - um, something else.”
No, was the answer. I debated internally; an illusion henge was great at a distance, but would
fall apart the moment we tried to pick something up from a stall and had to use our real hands
to do it. If we pretended to be little old ladies, we could get away with being so obviously
short… But, how the hell would little old ladies have travelled so far to get here?
Impersonating other members of the genin corps was a possibility, some of them were about
our age, but I didn’t know what agreements were already in place between the camp and the
village and I didn’t want to out myself by making a mistake.

“You’re at least marginally sneaky,” I told Karin, ignoring the face she pulled at that. “You
and Urushi grab stuff from the market without being seen. Gaara and I will take the d-ranks,
also without being seen.” It was a logical split; his sand would speed the process up, I was
apparently the most experienced at property maintenance - which wasn’t something I’d ever
thought I’d be, but if the glove fits - and Karin, at the very least, didn’t have Shukaku in her
ear trying to convince her that toads were food. She’d get sensible things that we could
actually eat. “But if anyone senses another ninja anywhere, we scram. Surviving first, paying
off debts later. Plan?”

“Plan,” Gaara agreed. Urushi wagged his tail, Karin gave an only slightly mocking salute,
and we split up.



I missed d-ranks. It sounds stupid, particularly given how sick I’d been of them when we
were stuck in Konoha, but. D-ranks were nice. The cracked walls seemed one of the more
pressing issues - if too much water got into the damaged area, it could cause the whole thing
to go bad - and the steady repetitiveness of drying the bamboo base with low-level fire jutsu
then mixing fresh mud for Gaara to fix in place was… peaceful. Nice. They might not be the
best walls the village had ever seen, but they were better than they had been before.

There was a little market garden behind that house. The sort of mix of herbs and salad
vegetables that were more for flavour than nutritional value, the sort that someone hadn’t had
the time to look after with everything else that was going on. It needed a bit of weeding, a bit
of cutting back to stop the herbs getting straggly. The peas needed retying to keep them on
their canes. And - the gate was sagging on its hinges. I rehung it, but it was sagging because
one of the bolts had rusted through, and it took me a while to find a replacement. The bulb in
the shed had blown, and in searching for a new one I passed a water trough and accidentally
cleaned the drain leading out from it.

Maybe I didn’t miss d-ranks. Maybe I just missed houses, and narrating what I was doing to
Gaara like I used to do to the fish. Not that - Gaara wasn’t fish, he was people, and this
wasn’t my house that I was neatening up while its owners were at work. I should probably
stop. It was probably verging into creepy territory. I’d checked all the shelves in the shed, but
the shed didn’t have light bulbs, and when I was seriously considering jimmying the lock on
the back door to look for spares inside, I acknowledged I’d maybe gone as far as I reasonably
could.

“We should go,” I told Gaara reluctantly. “It’s getting dark, and we can’t spend too long here
anyway. We’re still technically on the run.”
Karin and Urushi were waiting outside, both hidden from the civilians’ view but easy enough
for us to find. Idly, I wondered if Karin would be any good at genjutsu. Even if she didn’t
want to specialise in it, basic ones would be useful for situations like this. Could Gaara learn,
or would he have too much chakra for the fine details? Would Karin have too much chakra?
It wouldn’t make it impossible, just fiddly, but in a way I didn’t know how to help with
because it wasn’t a problem I’d ever had. What would they learn instead? Whatever they
wanted to, it was their choice and I wasn’t trying to take that away from them - but they both
left their villages to follow me. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t feel at least a little responsible
for them. But then, what would I learn? I needed to get stronger for Itachi, I couldn’t stagnate
as a genin forever. Muddling through by myself was fine in some ways, but all of us would
benefit from a teacher.

I wanted Kakashi.

We doubled back the way we’d come, following our own trail until we found a better place to
split off from it. If someone did connect the mysterious string of thefts and unasked-for d-
ranks in the village with us, then retracing our steps was a better way to disguise our route
than leaving in a different direction to the way we’d come.

I wanted my house. I wanted to go back to Konoha. I wanted Naruto. Itachi’s instructions
were an unmoving barrier that I couldn’t afford to disobey, but I didn’t know how to follow
them either. How was I meant to be strong? I’d been trying. And I told him, he’d been Suisei
so he’d seen, and all he said was ‘try harder’. I didn’t know what I was meant to do. Break
Gaara out, fine, reunite with Karin and keep her away from villages that wanted to use her,
fine, abandon Konoha and never forgive them for what they’d done -

And then what? Fix rusty hinges and clear blocked drains? Remembering the clan was all
very well, but it didn’t come with a checklist.

“Uchiha?” Karin broke in. “We going to stop at any point? Some of us want to sleep some
time, you know.”

Sleeping meant dreaming meant waking up with a panic attack even if I couldn’t remember
why. “Later,” I dismissed. Couldn’t remember why - don’t be stupid. I didn’t have to
remember why. Any idiot could make an educated guess. “We’re too close to the village still.
We need to find somewhere safe.”

Besides, it was a clear night. There was too much rain over the marshes for us not to take
advantage of the easy weather while we had it, and I edged my speed up unthinkingly to put
more distance between us and the dangers behind.

Any idiot could - was it any wonder I was having nightmares. Night terrors. God, that made
me sound like a little kid again, and I wasn’t, I fucking - but could you blame me? Where the
fuck did Itachi get off, trapping me in that moment of all moments - seriously? Seriously? I
hadn’t been able to enter the damn room for six years, and now he just decides out of
nowhere that I need to spend three days in it reliving the worst memory of my life? What the
actual fuck, Itachi. What’s wrong with you.
Urushi knocked into my shins. Not enough to overbalance me, so I lengthened my stride and
ignored him.

Also. Also. Remember the clan - did he think I just. Forgot? What, was I going around calling
myself Konoha no Sasuke like I didn’t have a family anymore? Was it Urushi, did Itachi
think I’d signed the dog contract and abandoned the cats? That wasn’t my fault. I was saving
Urushi’s life, because, you know, he’d got hurt saving mine because some people showed
they cared by actually being there for me what a fucking wild concept that was. But no.
Almighty Aniki didn’t love people by protecting them, don’t be ridiculous. He loved people
by invading their brains and telling them they were a failure and not an Uchiha and, and
worthless and - and replacing every single fucking memory of my dad I’d ever had with the
sharingan-perfect image of him being disappointed in me and then just up and dying, how
was that - who did that -

“Uchiha, slow down!”

“I am an Uchiha,” I snarled, whirling on Karin and forcing her to come to an abrupt, skidding
halt. “I’ve always been an Uchiha, I’m not - do I look like Konoha? I care more than he does,
it’s just I kind of thought I’d do a better job of remembering the clan if I was alive to
remember it, but fuck me right? I’m only his brother, it’s not like I matter or anything.”

“Um.” She stared back at me with wide eyes, red but not the right shade of red and half-
hidden behind her glasses. “I know you’re an Uchiha? You were kind of insistent about it.
That’s why I call you Uchiha.” She glanced at Gaara, but he just looked blankly back, too
preoccupied with catching his breath to offer her much support. “Are, um. Is everything ok?”

I hauled myself back to the present. “Sorry. I - ignore me. I’m just.” I shook my head. “I’m
fine. Ignore it.”

“Yeah, that’s bullshit.” I grit my teeth, waiting for her to force the issue. She was right; I
wasn’t fine, but did she ever stop to consider that it helped to pretend - “But if you say so,”
she continued, shrugging awkwardly. “I mean, alive sounds good to me, you keep, uh, doing
that.”

I faltered. That wasn’t… what I’d expected her to do?

She looked at Gaara again. He still wasn’t saying much, so she tried Urushi, who cocked his
head and wagged his tail encouragingly. I followed her gaze, and we ended up both waiting
for the other to say something, neither of us with any idea what that was going to be.

“Thanks,” I said eventually. “I’ll keep doing that.”

“Great.” She nodded, then a second time, more decisively. “Great. Except, can you do it at a
normal human speed? I think I hurt something trying to keep up. Gaara’s basically choking.”

“Mother wouldn’t let me choke,” Gaara disagreed. “But I don’t like running.”

“We’re missing nin,” I protested automatically. “Running is what we do. I didn’t mean to go
that fast, that’s fair, but - running. Saves lives. It’s good.”
He didn’t appear convinced. “If we were in the desert I could stand on my sand and we
wouldn’t have to run anywhere.”

Were we really going to skip right over my outburst and turn this into a discussion about
conditioning training? It… looked like we were, actually. “See,” I said, still somewhat
uncertain, “That’s exactly why you don’t like running now. You rely on your sand too much,
it’s dangerous for when you don’t have it.”

His face dropped into a mulish expression. “I like my sand.”

“I,” Karin cut in, “Like to feel my feet. No one’s in sensing distance, we’re taking a break.
Sit.” She dropped to the ground. I stared at her, then at the perfectly good copse of trees a
little way ahead of us. Why would she sit on the ground. “Uchiha,” she said warningly. “Sit.”

Urushi sat. I shot him a betrayed look, but also folded my legs obediently beneath me. Gaara
joined us, and suddenly we were four people in the middle of the long grass, nowhere near a
tree. Why. At this height, it tickled uncomfortably against my back and arms, and I had to
bend and flatten sections of it so it wasn’t trying to go up my nose. We were leaving a trail,
and if Karin wanted a picnic in a field, the least she could have done was bring a blanket to
sit on.

“Onigiri,” she announced, throwing one at each of us. Including Urushi, who caught his and
swallowed it in the same movement. “I didn’t get a lot, because rice is bulky, so enjoy it
while it lasts. And… radishes, jerky, and this thing is wrapped in paper, and a whole jar of
pickled something. Cucumber? Oh, and clothes. I got you clothes.”

I blinked. As far as trail rations went, it was an eclectic selection. “No thank you to jerky,” I
said, passing it back. “I don’t eat meat. Did you actually get clothes? I was joking when I
asked for them. Mostly.”

“Put the damn clothes on, I want to see if they fit you. If they don’t, too bad, you’ll have to
do more chores to earn another set.”

I held my hands up in defeat. “Dinner first.” And, looking at the odd array of components, I
couldn’t help but add, “You went to so much effort to choose things that went together, it’d
be rude not to enjoy it properly.”

“This is strawberry milk bread,” Gaara said, holding up the mystery paper parcel. “It doesn’t
go with pickled cucumber. Or radish.”

“And?” Karin asked. “Have you tried it with pickled cucumber? Shut up and eat, Murder-
boy.”



The clothes Karin had bought were civilian - unsurprisingly - but fairly practical despite that,
dark leggings and a top that was loose enough to be easy to move in without being so loose
that it’d get in the way. It was also clearly feminine, made out of a summery blue fabric, and
patterned with flowers down one side.
“Is it ok?” she asked hesitantly, her bravado slipping. “I thought - I mean, I just assumed, but
you said brother earlier so. I’m sorry? They didn’t only have pretty ones, but you wear -” she
started to gesture at her hair, then changed her mind and said instead “- kid sizes, there wasn’t
a lot of choice.”

It took me a second. I squinted at her, trying to work out what was wrong. She’d got me girl
clothes, so she was clearly fine with me being a girl, so why - brother. I called myself brother.
She thought I was a girl, not a girl in a guy’s body but fully, 100% a girl, and then I referred
to myself as a guy, and now she was worried she’d got it wrong.

And... people had called me a girl before. Of course they did; I spoke like a girl, I acted like a
girl, I called myself a girl - but, somehow, it still felt like they knew I wasn't. Not in the same
way other girls were. Which was - it was splitting hairs. It was picking at tiny details, it didn't
mean anything that they only called me a girl because they'd been told to. I mean, not exactly,
but - no, I did mean exactly. Sakura called me a girl because I said I was one. So did Naruto,
and everyone, and as much as I appreciated it, I couldn’t trust it. I could be the manliest he-
man to ever live and Sakura and Naruto would still call me a girl if I asked them to. But not
Karin. Karin didn’t know. She thought I was a girl, and she'd apparently thought that from the
start, because - because I looked like one. And. And gender was stupid so it shouldn’t matter,
but at the same time, it really really did.

“It’s ok,” I told her, trying to smile reassuringly and ending up wobblier than I meant to. I
took a breath and shook the feeling away. “It’s good. Pretty’s fine. Are you accusing me of
being unladylike? I could tea ceremony the shit out of you if I tried, don’t test me.”

She huffed, rolling her eyes at me in a way that did nothing to hide her relief. “A tea
ceremony? Geez, what century are you from?”

“This one, you uncultured swine. I can’t help it if my mum taught me manners.” Then - I’m
not sure why I did, but I kept talking. “I thought I was a boy. When my brother was around, I
was his Otouto. I didn’t realise I was a girl until later.” I shrugged, carefully casual. As far as
secrets went, it was a minor one. Old habits though. I’d never talked about Itachi with anyone
before. “I guess I forgot to update it to sister, is all.”

Urushi rolled over, stretching out in the grass in a way that put him in convenient reach for
petting, and I buried my hand in the ruff around his neck on instinct. See dog, pet dog. It was
the way the world worked.

“This is the brother that killed you?” Gaara clarified.

Karin baulked. “The brother that - I’m sorry, what?”

“A little bit,” I said. “He killed me a little bit. Not much. Tiny. Barely anything, it doesn’t
count.”

“In what universe does it not count?” She blinked, leaning away from me. “Wait, is that why
you don’t have any chakra to sense? You’re a ghost? I did not sign up to go travelling with
ghosts. What the fuck, Uchiha.”
“It doesn’t count because he did it in a genjutsu. Genjutsu aren’t real, no one dies in
genjutsu.”

Try harder, Itachi said, and stabbed my mother through the chest.

I flinched.

If the others saw, they didn’t comment on it. “No disrespect,” Karin said, “But your brother
sounds like a dick. No wonder you were pissed at him earlier. Does he have anything to do
with you finally deciding to see sense and leave Konoha with us?”

I shook my head, then nodded it, then shook again in frustration. He was a dick. He was also
my brother, and I loved him, and he was the whole reason I’d planned to run away in the first
place - but that was to be with him, not to roam around lost and aimless by myself. But I
didn’t know how to explain that, not without spilling too many other secrets, and I couldn’t -

I stopped. Why couldn’t I. What were Karin and Gaara going to do with my secrets? Nothing.
They weren’t going to blow Itachi’s cover in Akatsuki. Nor were they going to run to Danzo
and tell him everything, so why was I still keeping secrets? Urushi already knew, at least in
part. I hated secrets.

“Konoha used him to kill my family,” I said, haltingly, keeping my eyes focussed on Urushi’s
ear and the way it turned inside out as I stroked it. “Not just my parents, my whole clan. We
were going to rebel, and the village didn’t want us to.” The others were silent. I still didn’t
look at them, but it was easier to keep talking once I’d started. “It would cause too much
uproar if someone else killed us, so they made him do it and take the blame as a missing nin.
And. And, I can’t prove they stole the eyes from my family’s corpses, but I know they have
sharingan and I don’t know where else they’d’ve got them from. They think I don’t know so
they made this big thing of me being the last loyal Uchiha, but I’m not. I hate them. My
brother’s the last loyal Uchiha, not me, and he wants me to -” I floundered. To what.
Remember the clan, be strong, remember my enemy, but what was that meant to mean. “I
don’t know. I don’t know what he wants me to do, I only know I failed and he was mad at
me.” Attack him? Take revenge against him? He wasn’t my enemy, Konoha was my enemy,
but if he was loyal to Konoha why the fuck would he send me against them?

I frowned.

Why… why was Itachi loyal to Konoha?

Konoha made him kill the clan. He had no choice.

Yes he did. He could have joined us. Forgive me for remembering where my loyalties lay, but
if the entire clan is united against a threat then you don’t jump ship and betray them without
stopping to ask them why. Had Itachi even seen the work our dad was doing to try and hold
everything together? We weren’t exactly a mob in the street with pitchforks. We were
desperate. We were trapped in a village that wanted us dead, and as soon as Itachi got the
order to kill us he should’ve wondered if maybe, just fucking maybe, the clan had a valid
reason for being afraid.
  My sharingan was active. It’d zoomed in, filling my vision with a perfect clarity image of
  Urushi’s whiskers and the mix of white and grey hairs around his muzzle, but for the first
  time that didn’t stop me seeing anything else. I looked up to the others, registering every
  piece of visual information they had to offer in the time it took me to sweep my eyes over
  them. Gaara’s sand armour pulsed with a heartbeat, faster and shallower than his own. The
  shorter bits of hair on the side of Karin’s head stuck up because they’d been snapped off, not
  cut, most likely from her tugging on them. Useless information. Distracting information, but I
  wasn’t going to be distracted. In my periphery, Urushi rolled onto his front, and though it
  looked coincidental I saw the muscles flex in his back legs to make sure he ended up pressed
  against my knee.

  “My brother chose the Hokage,” I said. “He’s forgotten the clan. He’s forgotten his enemy.” I
  took a breath; everything about me was steady, but loud, the breath echoing around my head
  and my pulse drumming in my ear. I felt like baring my teeth, like I could be vicious and be
  justified in it, like if I had to live through my heroes being killed in front of me then my
  hypocrit of a brother could do the same. “Perhaps,” I said, almost surprised at how icily the
  word came out. “Perhaps he needs a reminder.”



Chapter End Notes



    The family who owned the house Sasuke and Gaara fixed: … what?
    The four completely separate people Karin stole from: what

    War arc complete. One left to go, and as per I'll be taking a break to gather my thoughts
    before posting it so see you in a couple of weeks for a spot of casual regicide and tea.
                                      Chapter 45: Regicide arc: I
Chapter Notes



      Very exciting chapter opening note: the stunningly fabulous R-chan has done a podcast
      for chapter one of the fic (link here on soundcloud). She actually did it almost a month
      ago and I wanted to put the announcement in a new chapter so people would see it, I just
      didn't expect to take so long in getting this new chapter out so please make up for the
      delay by sending her huge amounts of love because genuinely, it's brilliant, and she
      deserves it.

      Also! The discord's recently gone through a bit of an overhaul, including a shiny new
      fanart channel that Kilydwn's kicked off to an amazing start, so have a gander over there
      as well!

      And now, on to the chapter.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   The plan was simple. If Itachi was going to listen to me, he already would’ve, but he thought
   he was right and that in turn made him righteous in a way that blinded him to anything I had
   to say. I mean, why would he bother? He was the one who’d shaped me, wasn’t he, he knew
   who I was and that I believed what he told me to believe - what was the point of listening
   when he’d written the script I was reading from? Deviations were mistakes to be corrected,
   not valid opinions worth giving any credit to. If we fought, he’d find a way to override me
   again; if I somehow got strong enough to beat him, he’d take it as proof that his way was the
   best.

   So: I couldn’t confront him. I couldn’t talk to him. I couldn’t argue with him. I couldn’t give
   him what he wanted either - well, no, I could, but I wasn’t going to - but what he wanted and
   what he’d asked for were two very different things. It wasn’t my fault he hadn’t specified
   who, exactly, our enemies were. If he cared about who he set me up to assassinate, then
   maybe he should’ve stopped to find out who I considered worth assassinating first. Maybe it
   would encourage him to have a fucking conversation with me next time instead of being a
   dramatic little shit and dropping pithy one-liners before shunshining away, what kind of
   freaky sideways thinking would that be.

   Actions speak louder than words. If he wasn’t going to let me tell him who I was, I’d show
   him. I’d tried the slow route, it hadn’t worked, so the Hokage had to go. It was logic.

   … It was also insane. If there was ever a time to stop and question my life choices, this was
   probably it, but I was free falling and desperate in a world where parachutes didn’t exist. The
   Sandaime was the God of Shinobi, ruthlessly terrifying, Tobirama’s student to the end.
   Konoha was at war, barricaded behind every defence it knew how to raise, and everyone
from foreign kages to Danzo had been trying and failing to kill the Hokage for years. I was a
genin who thought she’d have better luck.

No I wasn’t. I was a missing nin, representative of the Clan Uchiha, and Konoha owed me
my pound of flesh. Itachi owed me more than he’d left me with, and if I had to kill his
current master to get his attention, then fine. Fine. Remember the clan. Be strong. Remember
your enemy. I wasn’t going to be a disappointment again. Hell, there was a non-zero
possibility that I’d fuck up and not be anything again, but what’s the point of lashing out
when you’re angry if it doesn’t make you a little bit reckless along the way.

“You don’t have to come,” I told the others reluctantly. “This is my mess to live with, not
yours. You shouldn’t put yourselves in danger because of it.”

Karin scowled. “Do we have to not come?”

I blinked. Odd phrasing, but, “Your choice? That’s kind of the point of my asking you.”

“Well fuck you very much for assuming I’d ditch,” she huffed, rolling her eyes. “Maybe if I
heal you enough you’ll finally admit it’s useful.” And, when I didn’t react to that fast enough,
she crossed her arms and clarified: “I’m coming. Deal with it.”

“No, I mean, great, I want you to come.” I shook my head, and moved on to the other half of
what she’d said. “You’re healing’s not not useful. It’s just icky. There’s a difference.”

“Baby.”

“It’s blood. Blood isn’t for eating.”

“I bet you have to take medicine soaked in a sugar cube. It’s not meant to taste nice, it’s
meant to save people’s lives.”

“I - no. I’m not going to rise to this. I refuse.” And, when she adopted an over-the-top smug
look of victory, I followed up my refusal by sticking my tongue out at her. Because it was the
mature thing to do. As was asking if she wanted to come in the first place, because friends
didn’t drag friends into stupid plans without at least some kind of warning and I wasn’t
convinced she’d known me long enough for the general one to apply. If she’d said no, I’d’ve
respected it, but selfishly? I didn’t want her to say no. Or Gaara. I’d abandoned Naruto, left
Kakashi, hadn’t been able to stop Itachi walking away -

“Gaara?” I said, forcibly dropping that train of thought. Itachi had walked away, but that was
his fault, not mine. His and the Hokage’s. I wasn’t the one who made my brother loyal to
someone who wasn’t me. I was the one who was going to fix the situation, and any feelings
of guilt or blame went firmly on the self pity pile to be set on fire. They didn’t help, they
didn’t stay. Easy.

Gaara looked at me blankly. “I’m coming,” he said. Then, in the same flat tone, but with a
faint shadow of a combative smirk, “Deal with it.”

“Oh my god. Karin, you’re an awful influence.”
She grinned, entirely unrepentant. Even Urushi joined in, letting his tongue loll out in a dog
equivalent of laughter, and completely ignoring the outraged look I sent his way. I pointedly
turned away from them both, and reminded my facial muscles that they weren’t meant to be
smiling, Karin was unmanageable as it was and she didn’t need the encouragement.

Even if I was happy they both wanted to stay.

It took us the better part of five days to get back to Konoha. After the first two, I felt
confident enough to say that no one from the camp was following us - if they’d been a
professional tracking team, they’d’ve caught us by now, and if it was anyone else then
between Urushi and me we’d done enough to lose them. That didn’t mean we let our guard
down, and we also took care to avoid patrols and outposts, but we weren’t pushing ourselves
to the limit either. Konoha was distracted by the war. A runaway genin and an escaped
prisoner clearly didn’t matter that much in comparison.

On the sleeping front, things were better now that I had a plan. The nightmares didn’t go, not
entirely, but they felt more like actual nightmares now, and less like the panic attacks I’d
woken up to before. I didn’t sleep through every night but I was good at running on catnaps,
and so long as I kept forcing myself to take the uninterrupted hours where I could get them,
I’d have enough to keep me going.

“I’m fine,” I told Gaara on one of the less lucky nights, rolling away from the tree roots and
pushing myself up in a forced-casual stretch that almost hid how fast my heart was racing.
“Don’t worry about it.”

“You said people needed sleep,” he pointed out. “You’re a person. You need sleep.”

“Yeah, well, so are you, and you do just fine without.” I shook my head, searching through
our supplies for any spare clothing and coming up with the borrowed top from the genin
corps. It wasn’t quite a jacket, but it would have to do; my own jacket was back with the rest
of my stuff in the camp. “Seriously, don’t worry. I know my limits, I’m not going to do
anything stupid.”

If he nodded, I didn’t see it. It was dark - my instincts said to sleep during the day and run at
night, but in reality that was more likely to get us spotted than not. Patrols during the day
tended to rely too much on their vision, and were far more likely to assume something
moving through the trees was a bird or other animal. At night, every sound seemed
heightened, and any moving shadow could be an enemy. People were naturally more wary,
and it made it harder to sneak past them. For now, we were travelling in daylight, and holing
up somewhere safe to wait out the night until we could move again.

‘Somewhere safe’ rarely translated to a large camp, and Gaara wasn’t far away. There was
enough light - just - to see his general silhouette, but we were back in the heavily forested
parts of Fire Country and the moonlight was mostly blocked by the thick canopy of leaves
above us. I could’ve turned my sharingan on to read his expression, but it didn’t seem worth
it just then. Sometimes I liked the plausible deniability of not seeing people’s reactions to
things I said.

“What happens after?” he asked. “When you’ve killed the Hokage.”
“Honestly? I don’t know.” I didn’t have to see him to hear his exasperation at that, and I shot
a brief grin in his general direction. What did he expect, really. It was me. I never knew.

The grin faded. “I don’t know,” I repeated. “I don’t have any plans. Konoha won’t take me
back if I actually kill him. Even if I didn’t manage to -” I cut myself off. I didn’t want to
think about what would happen if I tried and failed. There was no way it was ever going to
turn out well. “My brother works for an organisation that hunts down tailed beasts and kills
their jinchuurikis, I can hardly go back to him. I don’t even know if I want to.” And with no
Konoha and no Itachi, what did I have left? Kakashi was part of Konoha. My clan? The clan
was part of Konoha, I didn’t exactly have a holiday house with a second set of history
carefully archived inside it. There were the cats, but I lost them when I rescued Urushi and I
refused to regret my decision. The only Uzumaki I knew of were in Akatsuki or Konoha
again, and that left Gaara’s family - but Suna were currently allied with Sound.

Who else did I know? Haku? Somehow I doubted Zabuza would be happy to have us tagging
along.

“Why?”

I blinked, turning to face Gaara fully. The outline of him, at least. “Why?” I repeated.
“Because I love him so much I think I’d try to kill him if I saw him again? Except I wouldn’t,
because I don’t want him to die and because that’s what he wants me to do, but I don’t trust
myself not to do something else stupid to get back at him instead.” Blow his cover, maybe.
Go for his eyes, so he’d never be able to use them against me again. I fought the urge to
hunch my shoulders, or bring my knees up to my chest. I refused. “He hurt me, Gaara. If I
didn’t love him, it wouldn’t matter like it does. Maybe because I love him it shouldn’t matter,
but that’s not how it works. He hurt me, and now I’m hurting him, and I don’t know what
happens after that but just at the moment, I don’t really care.”

He was quiet for a bit after that. I deliberately untensed, leaning back against the tree and
trying to will the night to be warmer. Urushi was sprawled too far away to be a hot water
bottle, for once dozing heavily enough that I didn’t want to disturb him. Summons didn’t
need to sleep, but they weren’t meant to need to eat either, and he’d been doing both since we
left Kakashi behind. If it helped him adapt to life without the summon realm, I wasn’t going
to stop him.

“That wasn’t what I meant,” Gaara finally said. “Is that the answer? For love? You said you
were working on it.”

I pulled a face. “No. It’s not the answer. There isn’t an answer. Everyone keeps working on it
until the day they die, and no one understands it. They just pretend they do because it makes
them feel better.” Love was stupid. Love was meant to be great and meant to be amazing, but
it made everything complicated. Think how much easier life would be if I didn’t care about
the clan, or my brother, or the way I’d left so many people behind. “What did you mean then,
if you weren’t asking why I didn’t want to see him again?”

He had to notice the subject change, but mercifully, he went along with it. “I meant, why does
your brother’s organisation hunting tailed beasts mean you can’t go to them?”
“Oh.” My shoulders relaxed, and I shrugged at him. “You’re a jinchuuriki. They’d kill you to
get your mum. Not an option.”

“Even though that’s where your brother is?”

“Well. Yeah.” I tilted my head, frowning at him. “You’re important too. Killing you means
you die, I’m not going to let that happen.”

There was a pause. He nodded, I think, or maybe I was just getting better at reading Gaara-
silences. Either way I left him to it and resettled myself again, using one of the tall roots to
act as a makeshift pillow. Morning couldn’t be too far off, and with it, the insects swarming
on the surface of the river. I could go fishing. If I used my chakra to scoop water up and let it
trickle down like rain, would the fish come and investigate it like my koi did? Maybe. I
considered it, then wrinkled my nose and decided against. It felt like too much of a betrayal
to invite someone to play and then eat them for it.

“Karin’s wrong,” Gaara said, breaking the silence. I raised an eyebrow, looking over at him
without lifting my head. “You don’t make sense all the time, but you don’t never make sense.
You know some things.”

I snorted. “Glad to hear it. Do you want me to take watch, or are you ok if I nap again? I
won’t actually sleep. Just eyes closed for a bit.”

“Mother and I can keep watch,” he promised, and I let my hair fall over my face and drifted.

                                               ___

Interlude: Northern marshes of Fire Country

Hound ran with Uhei. He was the fastest of the dogs, though not the best tracker, but they
were too many days behind for Sasuke to have left much of a trail. They passed through the
marshes. They slowed as they went through trees - Sasuke was clever, but she was also
predictable, and she disliked being wet. She’d’ve gone for them as soon as it rained, and if
she left traces, Hound wanted to know, both to assure himself he was going the right way and
to prevent anyone else from following her tracks.

In a small wood roughly two day’s travel from the camp, he found them. Branches carefully
scattered in a way that looked natural at first but that was too deliberately haphazard to have
fallen that way by chance. A patch of earth under a low angled branch that was pressed flat
and had markedly fewer rocks and pebbles than the areas either side. Off to the side, a stretch
of soil that was an oddly dense, claggy texture, littered with tiny holes and still smelling
faintly of chakra. It wasn’t any technique Hound recognised, but it was the first clear
evidence he had of Gaara’s presence - the rain had washed any other traces away.

The village he and Sasuke had passed through on the way to the camp was less than a day’s
journey ahead. Like he thought; she was predictable. At least in this, and he buried the
frustration that accompanied it. He’d never taught her how not to be, he could hardly blame
her for the mistake.
For now, it worked in his favour. He reached the village early enough that he had to wait for
the market to open; the delay was unwelcome and grating, but he needed information before
he went on. Uhei was silent next to him. He considered, briefly, summoning Pakkun while he
waited - and yet. The pug was vocal when he wanted to be, and he’d never approved of the
way Kakashi retreated to let Hound deal with things he didn’t know how to handle. Pakkun
would demand he be Kakashi. Kakashi would want to know why Sasuke defected and pick
apart the things that only made sense on the surface until everything was unsure and
uncertain and he didn’t know what to do. Hound didn’t want, just then, to be Kakashi.

The market opened. He didn’t bother with a disguise, relying instead on his uniform and his
headband to get the information he needed. After barely half an hour, he had it: several days
ago a stray dog had passed between the stalls. Every time a seller took the time to shoo him
away they turned back to find someone had helped themselves to their wares. He only
questioned the food sellers at first, but one of them referred him to a vocal old man
complaining about an entire missing outfit from his clothing stall. The size, the man recalled,
was small. A child, and not a very tall one. The quality was outstanding, the workmanship
some of his best, the cost - but Hound had already turned to go.

Theft was not Sasuke’s style. Kakashi would want to know what changed her mind. He’d ask
further, keep going until he could place Gaara as well as Urushi, wonder if perhaps he’d
misunderstood. Hound didn’t. He had the confirmation he needed. Sasuke had passed through
the village, and if she kept going in the same direction, it’d take her to the border with Iron
and from there to Rice and to Sound. Her caution would make her take a winding route, away
from patrols and pausing at night to rest. If Hound took the direct path, he could arrive at
Sound before her, or head her off before she reached it. It would mean abandoning any
chance of tracing her steps through Iron, but the time gain was too beneficial to ignore.

He calculated a shortcut, aimed for Sound, and started running again.

                                              ___

“So,” Karin said, somewhat wide-eyed. “Konoha, huh?”

“Yes,” I answered, looking between her and the village in confusion. We were in the branches
of one of the Hashirama trees, high enough up that we could look over the wall and into the
village on the other side, but also far enough away that we wouldn’t be spotted. Urushi was
up with us - the trees were so large, and Konoha nin so rarely travelled along the ground,
there wasn’t any point leaving him to watch the roots. “You’ve… been there before?”

“No shit,” she confirmed dryly. “It didn’t have that last time though.”

I squinted in the direction she was gesturing. As far as I could make out, that direction was
‘all of it’, and it didn’t help. “We repaired some of the older parts of the wall?” I guessed.
“Um. The gates are closed? I think someone repainted the hospital roof.”

“Oh, they painted the roof, why didn’t I notice that - no not the roof, the giant dome. The
whole village is in a fishbowl.”
“Don’t put fish in bowls,” I said absently, flicking on my sharingan. I couldn’t see chakra as
clearly as Karin could sense it, but I could at least identify what she was talking about: the
barrier seal. A single, unbroken shield of chakra protecting the village from any attack from
the ground or sky. “Shit. They must’ve activated the defences after Sound attacked the camp,
I didn’t realise they’d done that.”

“Is it a problem?” Gaara asked.

I chewed my lip. “... Maybe.” I didn’t know how the barrier worked, or how to bypass it. It
wasn’t the sort of thing they taught genin, surprisingly enough. “There are paths through it
that Konoha shinobi can take, but they monitor chakra signatures. If anyone goes through
who isn’t registered it sets off an alarm, and the only path I know to get in is through the front
gate. Unless you can sense another one?”

Karin grimaced. “Not from here. Maybe if I was closer, but whoever built it had sensors in
mind. I can tell that there’s more than one chakra signature guarding the gate and less than…
seven. Less than seven, unless they’re all from the same family in which case there’s however
many people can fit in a gatehouse. It’s almost impossible to read anything through though,
everything’s fuzzy.”

“Fuzzy. Great.” I tugged on my hair in frustration, automatically finding my mother’s pins
and pressing against them hard enough to leave flower-shaped indents in my fingertips. We
were so damn close. How could I not have thought of a way to break in before? I’d thought
of everything else. That was a lie, I’d thought of a few key phases and trusted that I’d be able
to fill everything else in as I went, but I’d at least done some planning. The timing, for
example; we were a couple of hours before dawn, in the dead zone where even those who
stayed up late would have gone to bed but those who started early would still be sleeping.
Night patrols were still going, of course, and ninja were light sleepers, but most of Konoha
was active during the day. The last thing I wanted to do was run into Gai or Lee doing
burpees to celebrate the sun coming up.

“Can we force our way through?” Gaara offered. “If Mother creates a distraction, and you
sneak in?”

“No distraction,” I said immediately. “Last time you faced an army of Konoha nin you got
captured, it’s not worth the risk.” Still, though; could I sneak in? I’d been registered as an
active duty genin up until a week ago, how likely was it that they’d updated the record?
“Karin,” I said, changing tack. “When you say you can’t sense me, do you mean hard to tell
can’t sense me, or genuinely nothing?”

“Now? Hard to tell. When you’re being a creepy void of a person because you’re actually a
ghost and forgot to tell us? Genuinely nothing. It’s weird. And creepy.”

“Ok.” I nodded, tilting my head as I considered it. The gate was closed, and unless Konoha
was completely stupid, there’d be Hyuuga watching it. Genjutsu wouldn’t help. I couldn’t
scale the walls, there weren’t any paths through the barrier there, but when Kakashi and I had
left we’d gone out an ANBU side exit. “Ok,” I repeated. “I think I have a way in. It’s going to
have to be just me though, you two will set off the alarm.”
“I don’t like this way in,” Gaara said immediately. I frowned at him, already sliding my pins
out of my fringe and twisting the top half of my hair up into the familiar twin buns. “If you
get caught we’ll have to rescue you, and fake your death again so they don’t come after you,
and I don’t want to do that.”

“Honestly, I’d rather you didn’t either. The thought is appreciated but it’s not the most fun
I’ve ever had.”

“It wouldn’t work anyway,” Karin cut in. “They’re not going to fall for the same trick twice.”
She turned to me, her mouth turned down unhappily. “There’s really no way for us to come in
with you?”

Was there? People had invaded Konoha in the past. Orochimaru had been waltzing around
Konoha just fine, and maybe the barrier seal hadn’t been active then, but the monitoring jutsu
should have been. “Do you have a chunin exam up your sleeve?” I asked helplessly. “That’s
the only time I know they don’t watch for foreign chakra signatures. There might be a way
past, but it’s not going to be one we can find.” I looked to Urushi for confirmation, just on the
off chance that he knew, but from the way his tail was down he didn’t. Kakashi would never
have needed one, why would he.

Karin glanced between us, then nodded decisively and started making hand seals. “Ok, then.
Here.” She bit her thumb, swiped it over the tattoo on her forearm, and formed the final seal
with her other hand. A puff of smoke later, and a snake appeared in her hands - the same one
she’d given me before.

I took an instinctive step back.

“Oh, there is no way you’re scared of snakes.”

“I’m not scared,” I retorted. “I’m just not sure what you’re hoping to achieve. Are they meant
to be venomous?”

The snake helpfully reared up and bared its fangs. They weren’t particularly threatening, as
far as fangs went, and I still wasn’t scared, but I may have tilted my shoulders so my bare
arms weren’t directly in the line of fire.

“She’s a pipe snake,” Karin said. “She’s not going to hurt you, stop moving away. And no,
she’s not meant to be anything. If she’s with you and I summon her, she can bring you back.”
She rocked back on her heels, and added, cautiously proud: “Jails can’t hold summons. I’m
your escape plan. I mean, so long as you actually hold on this time. She said she lost you
before because you wriggled. Don’t wriggle.”

I blinked. The snake nodded, which was either an agreement to what Karin said, or an
attempt to blink back. Did snakes have eyelids? I was pretty sure they didn’t. “Um.” I was
pretty sure also that there was no good reason to avoid taking the snake with me. Pakkun
might not have been fond, but Urushi certainly didn’t seem to mind, so I couldn’t use him as
an excuse. “Ok. I’ll um. I won’t wriggle. Wait - won’t she be picked up by the barrier?”

Urushi and the snake both shook their heads. Why was Urushi turning against me like this.
“Summon chakra feels completely different,” Karin explained. She held her hands out and I
forced myself to stay still as the snake wound her way forward to my arm. “You’ll be fine. If
you need saving, flare your chakra. Really flare it Uchiha, I know it’s hard for you but I have
faith.” She hesitated; in theory, it was a good system, but it would be easy for her to miss my
signal through the barrier. “If things start exploding I’ll also summon you, and I guess if
you’re not back by dawn?”

“What is this, a curfew?” The snake was settling herself under my collar. Of course she was.
Why wouldn’t I want a snake around my neck like a shiny banded choker. It was a logical
choice if she was trying both to stay hidden and stay safe in case I had to fight someone, but
it was also pants and I didn’t like it. “An hour after dawn,” I argued. That was not long after
six, when people (normal people, at least) would start their morning training routines; if I
wasn’t out by then then something would have gone wrong. “And while I’m gone, you have
to stay at a safe distance. Not the mountain, people climb it for fun.”

“Deal,” Karin said.

“If things start exploding, we can make a distraction,” Gaara added, clearly reluctant to let go
of his original plan. I nodded my assent - if things started exploding, many somethings would
have gone wrong, I didn’t really mind what happened in that case - and crouched down to
pick up Urushi for the descent out the tree.

“We need a better way of carrying you,” I told him. “You’re perfect in every way, but my
arms aren’t long enough for this.”

He craned his head back to lick my ear in agreement. At least, I assumed agreement; maybe
he liked pretending he was a little dog and being carried in my arms, who knew.



The ANBU exit Kakashi and I had used before was near where the river entered Konoha,
towards the Uchiha side of the village. Closed, it formed a hidden door, the edges so neatly
blended into the wall around it that it was impossible to identify unless you already knew it
was there. Open, it was a short tunnel, with a collection of seemingly innocuous flagstones
sunk into the earth to make a floor. Step on the wrong stones - or forget to step on the right
ones - and bad things would happen. Kakashi hadn’t exactly explained what, but given that
doton jutsu were involved, I didn’t like to guess.

There were several problems with this plan. The first was that I knew the door was there, but
not its exact location. I’d gone from the inside out, and though I could recognise the right
stretch of forest, I hadn’t been looking back to pick the right stretch of wall. That, it turned
out, was easily solvable; ANBU might be specialists, but no one could be perfect all the time
and they left easily enough evidence to show us the way. The second and third problems
though were trickier: Kakashi had opened the door, not me, and I didn’t know how to do it.
Even if we did get it open, I didn’t know if the pattern of stones we’d stepped on before
would work for someone going the opposite way.

I went to run a hand through my hair and stopped, remembering the buns in time. “It’s
definitely here,” I told Urushi, standing in front of an otherwise featureless patch of wall.
“The tracks just stop. I can see it, you can smell it - unless they’re fake? No. They’re too
varied to be fake. And hiding the edges of the door doesn’t hide the door itself, the plants
wouldn’t grow like that unless something was disrupting them.”

Doton jutsu was excellent at many things, but mimicking natural patterns of moss and lichen,
not so much.

“Except, could it actually be a trap? But like. A really really subtle one that’s only meant to
catch trackers?” I squinted. It wasn’t impossible, I guessed, and I wasn’t the most
experienced of trackers - but Urushi was. I didn’t think we’d got it wrong.

Kakashi’s mask was in my weapon pouch. I didn’t know enough about seals to know if the
door would only reveal itself to someone wearing the mask or not. It sounded far fetched, but
so did summoning a death god, and seals could manage that. I took it out and hesitated, my
hand holding it close to my face but not pressing it on. Kakashi was loyal to Konoha. He was
also loyal to me, I knew that, he’d done everything he could to protect me - and against
anyone except Itachi ‘everything he could’ would have been everything I needed - but. It
didn’t feel right to involve him in this.

“We should check if we missed something,” I told Urushi, lowering my hand and turning
away from the unopenable segment of wall. I didn’t let go of the mask though. Even if it
wasn’t right to involve Kakashi, if I needed to, I would. “This is the only way in I know of,
there’s got to be something we can use.” I tilted my head, going slightly cross eyed as I tried
to look down and see the snake, but she was stubbornly well hidden under my collar. “You’re
allowed to speak up if you spot anything as well,” I said. “If you want to. Or not, if you’d
rather I left you alone. I can leave you alone.”

Nope. No answer. If I couldn’t feel the slight pressure of her weight, I wouldn’t know she
was there.

“Well. Ok then. After you, Urushi.”

We stuck close to the wall, following it round as far as we could before the forest changed too
much from what I remembered. It wasn’t that far, and we drifted a bit further away from the
wall on the way back, but there were no signs of any other ways through it. Moss and lichen
doing the moss and lichen things, no moving parts to upset them here.

What there was was a beech tree with a series of vertical and curving lines among the natural
horizontal ones in its bark.

I stopped. A couple of paces ahead of me, Urushi stopped too, looking quizzically over his
shoulder and coming back when it was obvious I wasn’t going to move.

“You don’t smell anything?” I asked. He followed my gaze to the tree, sniffed round it a
couple of times, then looked back up at me with his head cocked in confusion. “I’ll take that
as a no.” ROOT nin, apparently, were better at covering their tracks than ANBU were.
“Here.” I pointed out the marks for him, my hand hovering just above them without touching.
“These are seals. This one says open, these ones are meant to keep the entrance hidden. This
one says identify, and the one it’s linked to is alarm. It’s the same as the one we saw by the
hospital.”

His ears went back, and he moved to put himself between me and the tree. I wasn’t sure if he
knew that it was a ROOT secret passage into Konoha or if he just remembered my reaction to
the one we’d seen before, but either way, he didn’t like it and he didn’t like the fact that we
were standing so close to it.

I bit my lip. I sympathised, but I also needed a way in, and, “We might be able to open this.”
The identify-alarm combo was the problem. It depended what, exactly, it identified, and who
it alarmed if they failed the check. I nudged Urushi aside and moved closer to look. “Don’t
worry,” I told him, tracing the shape of the seal with my finger. “I’m not going to -”

It flashed blue, a single, glowing pulse over the identify seal. In my other hand, the seal that
marked Kakashi’s mask as Hound, active ANBU operative flashed back, and was echoed by
the barest flicker of the alarm that I would’ve missed if I hadn’t had my sharingan on it. The
ground fell away beneath me, the roots rising up to provide cover; I had one disorientating
second of falling before I hit the ground in a crouch and rolled away, then the hole sealed up
above me and cut off Urushi’s frantic bark.

I slammed a camouflage henge over myself so hard I could feel it as a physical wall of
chakra. I was in a ROOT tunnel. Urushi was stuck the other side of the door and Kakashi’s
mask had activated the identification seal and tripped the alarm and I was in a ROOT tunnel.

“Holy fuck,” I hissed, every muscle tense. When I said I might be able to open it, I mean as a
last resort, not - could I open it again? Get out? Were there seals this side of it? No, not that I
could see. Bail via snake-summon, get Karin to pull me free so we could escape? It’d mean
giving up on the plan but the plan had barely started and it had already gone wrong, because
that’s what plans did, that’s what happened when you acted instead of waiting -

I shook my head, forcibly abandoning that train of thought. “Not escape,” I told myself.
Bailing now wouldn’t just ruin this attempt, it would alert Danzo that I’d been here and ruin
any future attempts as well. “You can’t be weak, you can’t keep trying to escape. You have to
remember.”

I needed to think. The alarm was - not good, but I hadn’t fallen into an instant death trap, so
not irrevocably fatal. Yet. Please. There had to be a way to survive this. There had to - the
tunnel was too visible. Danzo was a paranoid bastard; with two major doujutsu clans
waltzing around - one, one major doujutsu clan and me - he’d never leave ROOT somewhere
so easy to find. I wouldn’t if I were him, I’d, I’d, fuck should I have already bolted how the
hell was a camouflage henge going to help when the wall behind me was a smooth lime-
plastered white - I’d disguise it as a normal ANBU tunnel. Yes. That. Nothing suspicious
here, no sir, just a tunnel. You wouldn’t know it, it goes to a different school. Different
division of ANBU. That’s what I’d do; the tree wasn’t secure enough by itself, and killing
anyone who trespassed by accident was a surefire way to start raising suspicions. But if the
tree triggered a decoy, and if an ANBU mask opened a blank tunnel but tripped the alarm to
hide the real entrance that only a ROOT mask could access, then, then there was a chance I
might be ok.
It was a ropey, hastily cobbled together sort of chance, but it was the best I had. If I’d
gambled correctly and Danzo cared more for subterfuge than for silencing witnesses, it could
work. Maybe. No, more than maybe - silencing witnesses was only viable if you silenced
them all at once, and if I’d been part of a squad and others had seen me enter the tunnel
there’d be unavoidable questions if I never made it out. Danzo wouldn’t kill an intruder
unless he was sure they were a threat to him personally. Him or Konoha. Unclear how much
he differentiated between the two. How he’d tell the difference, I didn’t know, which meant
that I really needed to move; Hound had got me in but I very much was a threat to Konoha at
the moment and on the off chance the alarm did more than hide a second entrance, I really
needed to be somewhere not getting caught.

I took a hurried stock of what I had. “No Urushi. He’ll be fine, he’ll go back to the others.
I’ve got - I don’t know your name. Snake. Still with me, Snake?” I lifted a hand, skimming a
very determinedly steady finger over her scales to check. She was still with me. Didn’t react,
and hadn’t reacted to anything so far, but she was still with me. “Good. That’s good. And -
I’ve got a way in. The plan is still going, it just looks different to how it did before. I can do
different. It’ll be great. I love different.”

I stopped the pep talk there before it could get any more ridiculous. Psyching myself up was
one thing; dawdling when I didn’t know if death was approaching or not was idiotic. At least
if I was moving I could run away from it if I had to. First things first; I deactivated my
sharingan and dismissed the henge - which almost physically hurt, without my illusions I was
naked and vulnerable and I hated it - so I could pull my chakra as far inside me as it would
go. Creepy void, Karin said, creepy void I could do. What was the point of my soul being
attached wrong if I couldn’t use it to literally ghost past the village’s defences.

Their chakra-sensing ones, at least.

The snake finally reacted, shifting her coils uneasily as she poked her head out from under
my collar.

“I’m fine,” I told her, going to pat her head reassuringly before I caught myself and stopped.
She wasn’t Urushi. Or my fish, or any other animate or inanimate entity I instinctively talked
to and grounded myself with. “I’m being sneaky, is all. I’ll stop once we’re definitely through
the barrier.”

Her tongue flicked out to taste the air, then she slowly tucked her head away again. With no
background in snake body language to tell if that was a good sign or not, I decided to leave
her to it.

“Alright tunnel,” I muttered, turning towards it and pressing Kakashi’s mask to my face. I
didn’t want him involved, but I wanted to be seen as an Uchiha in ROOT territory even less.
“Let’s see where you lead.”

The answer to that was: to a series of twists and turns that were purposefully designed to
disorientate anyone running through them. If I wasn’t so on edge, and if it hadn’t been Danzo
behind it, I’d’ve been impressed; with everything from a very slightly slanted floor to
encourage you to bend to the left as you ran to a deliberately repeating crack-pattern on the
wall to make you think you were going in circles, the whole thing was masterfully done and
almost impossible to maneuver through. Sporadic and overly bright lights made for shadows
that I had no night vision to see into, and the glare off the floor was disorientating. Without
the sharingan I couldn’t tell, but I suspected they had an irregular flicker pattern as well -
something was making my eyes strain enough to give me a headache, and the combination of
that plus the hidden unevenness made me nearly stumble before I adjusted to take it into
account. I was fairly certain that the centre of the village was to my right and that I was
following a path that cut underneath the river, but it was equally likely that I was going
backwards and was somewhere in the middle of the mountain instead.

Well, not equally likely. Even without the sharingan I was used to noticing small details, I
was pretty sure I’d accounted for most of the tricks that were meant to throw my sense of
direction off. But only pretty sure. Getting cocky against Danzo of all people sounded like a
monumentally stupid idea.

Less than a minute into the tunnels, someone slid smoothly into keeping pace alongside me. I
kept running, my steps mechanically even and my heartbeat so measured it barely sounded
human. My mouth was dry. I was struck by the sudden fear that I’d forget how to breathe and
start randomly choking, and my instinctive swallow did very little to help.

They were about my height. They wore a nondescript black uniform and a nondescript white
mask. They had a black tanto on their back with white bandages wrapped around the handle.
The monochrome scheme continued; their hair was black and their skin was white, their
sandals were black and the ties for their weapon pouch were white, the floor was black and
the walls of the tunnel were white and all it needed to do was bleed red and I’d be looping in
a nightmare -

“I’m completing a mission assigned by one of Danzo-sama’s agents unable to complete it
themself,” I said, my voice so steady I didn’t recognise it as mine.

They said nothing. Should I keep talking. Liars babbled, but only because lying made people
nervous. Was I even lying. I honestly didn’t know if Itachi was ROOT or not. Did ROOT
agents ever give other people missions or had I inadvertently damned myself by claiming that
someone had. I wanted to swallow again. I couldn’t remember how.

There was a ringing in my ears.

The other person didn’t say a word.

They veered right, suddenly, down a fork in the tunnel that was carefully lit to blend into the
shadows and look like it didn’t exist. My footsteps were matched precisely enough to theirs
that I followed without even realising it, and by the time I’d caught up to what was
happening, the bottom had fallen out of my stomach. They were going to lead me to Danzo. I
could’ve run, or fought, or uncurled my chakra from the tight ball I’d suppressed it to and
tried to see if a signal would reach Karin from this far underground - except I couldn’t.

The Hokage was an enemy I could hate and strike back at. Danzo was an inevitability, and
my only hope had been to avoid his notice. I’d gambled wrong.

I’d lost.
Between one step and the next, my escort vanished. Ahead, the tunnel lifted, connecting to
what I assumed was another door in the ceiling. More tunnel continued straight on as well,
but I’d clearly been led to the door. I didn’t know why I’d been left to go through it by myself
or what would be waiting if I tried to escape. It didn’t matter. I slowed to a stop, looked up at
the door, and easily saw the seals I needed to use it. Were they there because the ROOT agent
had done something to activate them, or was the previous door I’d gone through only ever
meant to be one way? It made no difference. One shakily-traced identification seal later, and
it opened; I closed my eyes, bent my knees, and leapt through it.

And landed in the loose soil at the base of the beech tree behind the hospital.

I stared uncomprehendingly. Why was I at the beech tree. What was the significance of the -
Reality hit me in a sudden, dizzying rush, my pulse thudding deafeningly loud in my ears and
making me stagger back from the sound of it. I abandoned suppressing my chakra to reapply
my henge and reached blindly for something to kawarimi with, instinct driving me up for the
safety of height - there was a pot plant in one of the hospital windows, a small one, that
worked. I landed on the narrow ledge, scrabbling back as though the extra few inches
between me and the tree would help.

“What the fuck,” I gasped. “What the -” I broke off to cough, choking on nothing for a
second until I remembered how breathing worked. “That didn’t happen. What was that. How
did - what the fuck. Is this a test? Genjutsu. It’s fake, I - kai. Kai. There’s no way. What the
actual fuck, I thought I was dead.”

But I wasn’t, I wasn’t - I had no idea what happened. Was I now on a sanctioned mission to
kill the Sandaime? Or, I’d never said what the mission was, how would anyone - I’d never
been so sure I was finished in my life, including the time I legitimately drowned and died.
Fucking hell, I wasn’t ready for Danzo yet. How. How.

I didn’t know. I doubted I was going to know. Waltzing back into the tunnel to ask the ROOT
nin what they’d been thinking was, somehow, not very high on the list of things I wanted to
do.

None of this was high on the list of things I wanted to do. For the first time it struck me how
easily everything could go wrong, not in a vaguely sardonic ‘oh yeah I’m screwed if I mess
this up’ kind of way, but in a visceral, nausea-inducing acknowledgement of my own
mortality. I was a genin.

“Genin’s not good enough,” I said, more to convince myself than because I believed it. “You
have to be strong. Being strong means freeing Itachi from Konoha and making him see how
fucked-up everything is. There isn’t time to doubt.”

If I got out of here, I was never coming back to Konoha ever again. It was a promise. Maybe
not a particularly revolutionary one, but it made me feel better, and I held onto it for the few
moments it took to calm down.

The pot plant I’d swapped with was one of a set. Three little cacti, now two, in cheerful
coloured pots that I recognised from the Yamanaka flower shop. I’d never bought any myself,
but they were popular hospital gifts for people with longer stays - cut flowers had a
  depressing habit of wilting, it wasn’t considered polite to remind someone how long they’d
  been stuck inside.

  “Sorry for stealing your friend,” I told them, leaning over to see if it’d broken when I
  swapped with it. Maybe. I wasn’t going to go down to check - it was right at the base of the
  beech tree - but the ‘pots’ were little metal buckets and it might’ve survived the fall. “You
  look good as a pair, though. If it doesn’t make it, I think you’ll do fine without.”

  I shook my head. Stage one was complete: I’d broken into Konoha. I had a job to do, and
  hiding by the hospital wasn’t going to help me complete it. I crouched, glancing around me to
  check for anyone watching - and paused.

  I’d swapped blindly, reaching for any window with something to swap with, but somehow I’d
  ended up outside Chouji’s room. His bed was against the opposite wall, easily visible through
  the window. I squinted; most of him was covered by the blanket, but from what I could see of
  his face, he looked good. Much closer to his old self than he had been when he first went into
  hospital. It was disorientating, to realise that life in Konoha had progressed despite the fact
  that I hadn’t been there to see it, but I was glad that he was getting better.

  “Sorry,” I said quietly. “I’m not going to say goodbye. I’m more a leave-in-the-middle-of-
  the-night kind of person, goodbyes really aren’t my style.” I hesitated, trying to get the words
  right even though he wasn’t going to hear them. “Don’t blame me too much? You can blame
  me a little, I’m the one that chose to do this, but. I have reasons. Can’t tell you any right now,
  but I have them.”

  I trailed off. This was exactly why I didn’t do goodbyes, how was anyone supposed to know
  what to say? “Call Shikamaru a bitch for me,” I went for, carefully nudging the closest cactus
  further back on the windowsill so it wasn’t so much at risk. “And, I don’t know. Add more
  fish to Yakiniku’s menu? I like squid, but variety is also nice. See you later, Chouji.”

  Talking to him reminded me that this was the last time I was going to be in Konoha. I was on
  a schedule, but it was a while yet ‘till dawn, and I’d complained enough about leaving the
  camp without proper supplies - it would be a missed opportunity not to go via my house and
  stock up. I’d only been missing nin a week, no one would’ve touched my stuff. I scanned the
  skyline for any patrols, eyed the beech tree nervously and decided to leave it a wide berth as I
  went past, and checked my henge was firmly anchored in place.

  Time to go home. It’d been a while since I last fed the fish.



Chapter End Notes



    Sasuke: Step one, we go to Konoha
    Sasuke: Step two, *inaudible mumbling*
    Karin: what's step two
Sasuke: Step three, the hokage is dead!
Karin: what's step two uchiha

(p.s. have you read the surplus fics yet? chapter six may interest you)
                                     Chapter 46: Regicide arc: II
Chapter Notes



      Mmmmm chapter warning? Check the end notes if worried.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   The route home was soothing in its familiarity. I stuck by the river, leaving it just before I
   reached the Uchiha district and triple checking I hadn’t been followed before hopping over
   the wall and in. The fence to the back garden was the same as ever, and on the other side, I
   was hit with the smell of the honeysuckle and the faint sound of moths’ wings as they
   hovered around the flowers. It was interspersed with the running water and sporadic tunk of
   the sozu fountain, the bamboo tube knocking against its stone base as it rocked forward under
   the weight of the water collecting inside.

   I paused. I’d meant to check on the fish then go straight in the house, but. I didn’t. The
   surface of the pond rippled as water passed through the filter, breaking the moon’s reflection
   into dancing ribbon-shards of light. Over on the side the cluster of lotuses was thriving, the
   broad leaves forming a thick canopy of green and the flower stems standing tall among them.
   The flowers were closed now - they’d open again in the morning - but I could still see the
   faint hint of pink in their petals, paler at the base and darker towards the tips.

   “Two short but very pretty weeks in summer,” I said, kneeling on the edge of the pond next to
   them. “I never understood that. We’re ninjas, why would we grow flowers if we might be
   away on a mission the whole time they’re in bloom? Honeysuckles make so much more
   sense.”

   One of the fish came to investigate the fingers I trailed over the edge of the rocks. I flattened
   my chakra into a scoop, picking up handfuls of water and trickling it back down for them like
   rain. The movement attracted the other fish, mouthing at the ripples and flicking their tails as
   they searched for food. Their timer seal was almost in need of refilling, but from the spare
   pellets littering the bottom of the pond, someone had been feeding them by hand as well. Not
   Naruto. I’d introduced him to the fish before, he knew not to overfeed them. Sakura, maybe.
   I’d asked her to keep an eye on them, I’d just never got round to actually showing her how.

   “I hate him,” I told the fish. My eyes stung. I refused to blink. “I hate him.” No one had
   showed me how to care for the fish either. I learnt from books. The fish, the plants, the whole
   garden - it wasn’t perfect, and the eclectic additions completely failed to follow any
   traditional styles, but it was my garden. Stacked rocks copied from the water features in
   Wave. More flowers, because I liked bright colours, strongly fragrant because what was the
   point of a scent you couldn’t smell. A tailored selection of poison plants that matched my
   fighting style but were heavily inspired by my mum’s. It was my garden, and my house, and
   my home and Itachi had taken it away from me.
“He was the one who left me. I rescued the fish, I buried everyone, I found all the clan
histories and read them because no one else was going to care. I did everything right, and if I
made mistakes it’s because I was seven and he abandoned me to raise myself. I hate him. I
hate -” My throat was thin, painfully tight. I wasn’t being loud, barely raising my voice
enough to be audible, but it was still a struggle to get the words out. I didn’t want to talk
about Itachi. I didn’t want to hate him. That was a fucking lie, I wanted him to turn around
and realise that loving me wasn’t enough if he was going to hurt me anyway, I wanted to hate
him so much it’d make me strong enough to crush him, and when he finally realised how
badly he’d screwed up -

I wanted to tell him he wasn’t worth it and walk away.

“I’m going to tear his life down around him,” I promised the fish. “I’m going to dismantle his
village and watch it fall apart. He sacrificed everything to stop the coup, but he shouldn’t
have left me alive because I’m going to find a way to bring it back.” I didn’t know how.
Killing the Hokage was a good start, but it was more personal than anything else. Konoha
would just appoint another one. But - this was my home. This garden, the Naka river and the
family shrine built on the banks of it, this land. Itachi was making me give it up for now, but
what kind of Uchiha would I be if I didn’t fight to get it back? There’d be a way. I’d make a
way. Not for the clan, not even for my parents who weren’t there just as much as Itachi
wasn’t, for me. Me myself and I. Konoha had to go.

I pushed myself to my feet. Itachi’s old bedroom was round the front; I didn’t bother going
through the kitchen, just went straight to the window and opened it from the outside. What
would I need the kitchen for? Plushie-tan? Please. I didn’t have time for him. Itachi’s ANBU
gear was in the box where I’d left it and I stripped out of my current outfit with brisk
efficiency, clipping the armour into place and swapping Kakashi’s Hound mask for Itachi’s
Weasel one. Not because I looked up to him, not because I emulated him or any other cute
big brother reason for wanting to wear his things; I chose Itachi’s mask because if anyone
saw me, I wanted them to connect the dots. There had to be people who knew that Itachi was
still loyal, right? Danzo, the Hokage, would Jiraiya know as spymaster? They formed Itachi’s
support network. If he ever revealed the truth - unlikely, but Akatsuki wouldn’t last forever
and the alternative was for him to die and keep his secrets which I wasn’t going to allow him
to do - then they were his character witnesses and his proof, and the only chance he’d ever
have of forgiveness.

So I was going to make them doubt him.

It happened all the time. Spy spends too long undercover with the enemy, spy becomes an
enemy. Why would Itachi, the loyal Konoha nin, send his baby sister to kill the Hokage? He
wouldn’t, but why would Itachi’s baby sister be wearing his mask unless Itachi had been the
one to send her? She wouldn’t. I wasn’t planning to be caught but if I was then I was going to
drag his name through the mud by association and isolate him from anyone who would ever
help him, and if I made Danzo think that Itachi had gone rogue and couldn’t be trusted - well.
Be nice for someone else to be running scared from ROOT for a change.

The last steps were to swap out my depleted weapon pouch for the fully stocked ANBU
variant and settle the tanto into place on my back. The collar on Itachi’s top was turned up,
leaving nowhere for the snake to hide under; I went to cast a henge over her, but she flicked
her tongue at me in a way I was going to interpret as laughing, then rippled and disappeared.

I blinked, squinting almost cross-eyed as I looked down at where she’d been a second ago.
Where she still was, according to the weight I could still feel around my neck, but not even
my sharingan could see any trace of her. Huh. Guess Kakashi was right when he said snakes
wouldn’t be seen if they didn’t want to be. Point to the snakes.

That left just the black gloves which I pulled up to my biceps, and once they were secure I
reached for the mask to put it on -

“Bastard?”

My head snapped to the door. I caught the briefest glimpse of Naruto standing there in his
blue pyjamas with his hair sleep-flattened against the side of his head, then I was already
moving towards the window. It was ajar from where I’d gone through it earlier but I wasn’t
planning to jump out; the crack was wide enough to see through, and a line of sight was all I
needed for kawarimi.

Naruto’s hand over my eyes blocked me. I twisted, ducking my head to get free, and when
that didn’t work I snapped my arm backwards so my elbow slammed into his ribs. I wasn’t
sure if he was a kage bunshin or not; the elbow-strike didn’t dispel him, but elbows weren’t
as sharp as shuriken. My mask was in that hand and I didn’t want to drop it for a more precise
hit, and while I could use my other hand to grab a weapon I’d run the risk of hurting him if he
wasn’t actually a clone.

“Let me go,” I said instead. If his voice came from where he’d been standing by the door,
then the him holding me was probably safe to attack.

“No,” he said from directly behind me. I grimaced. What could I do without my eyes that
didn’t involve blindly lashing out with sharp pointy metal things. Why was I so reliant on
seeing that someone could disable me with just their hand. “If I let you go, you’ll run.”

“If you don’t let me go I’m never going to trust you again,” I pointed out. “Did you plan this?
Don’t take my sight. Dick.”

There was a pause. If the snake was literally anyone else, she would’ve bitten Naruto to make
him take his hand away. What the fuck, Snake. Why are you not getting involved. I strained
my ears, trying to pick up any clues, but couldn’t hear anything.

“Promise you won’t leave?” Naruto finally asked.

In his own words, “No.”

“Bastard, please. I’m not - it’s me. You don’t have to -” He cut himself off, and when he
started again, his voice was streadier. “I just want to talk.”

Yeah, and I wanted to take revenge against the village for everything it had done to me. I bit
my lip. “Why are you here?” I asked instead of answering. “Did you have the place watched,
how did you know to come?”

“I heard you. I was in the kitchen, you woke me up.”

I frowned. “Wait.” I pushed his hand away, and this time he let me, but he didn’t move back
and when I turned to face him it left him standing too close. “You were sleeping here? But…
your apartment?”

He gave an odd half-shrug, and said plainly: “I missed you.”

My brain stumbled. I stared, struggling to reconcile the atmosphere of vengeance-driven
clarity from a moment before with - this.

“You can’t miss me,” I protested blankly. “I have to go.”

“Why?”

I kept staring. I. Did he want a list, or…? When I didn’t answer, his face twitched, as though
it wanted desperately to show more emotion than he was letting it. The whole situation felt
tensely not-tense, like he was trying too hard not to startle me; he wasn’t fidgeting, but he
was unbalanced, as though he’d frozen halfway through rocking forward onto the balls of his
feet and could resume the movement at any moment. His voice, too, was cautiously measured
in a way that left me defensively on edge. “What’s going on, Bastard? When did you get
back? Why did Jiraiya say you were going to Sound?”

“Jiraiya? What the hell does -”

“They said you killed people,” he continued. “You’d never kill people, I don’t understand
how they think you could.” He ran a frustrated hand through his hair, clearly building steam
on a topic he’d argued before. “I mean, just being realistic Sound wouldn’t make any sense,
but even ignoring that you hate being alone and you idolise Kakashi so much you picked him
over the team so why would you ever -”

“I don’t idolise him,” I interrupted. I was losing control of the conversation, but I hadn’t
missed the bitterness when Naruto said I picked Kakashi over him. Or - he’d said team, but I
could read between the lines. “I’m also not going to Sound. Obviously. Why would Jiraiya
say I was?” I was glossing over the two people I’d killed. I didn’t want to think about them,
and I wouldn’t change the fact that they’d died by feeling guilty.

Naruto’s hand curled into fists. “You’re not,” he confirmed, the words coming faster in his
certainty. “You wouldn’t. Jiraiya doesn’t know you well enough, he won’t listen to us and we
can’t get hold of Kakashi. He’s gone to Sound to stop you joining Orochimaru - Tsuki can
still talk to Pakkun in the summon realm, but Kakashi hasn’t summoned him, Pakkun doesn’t
know any more than we do. Were you framed? Orochimaru framed you as a missing nin and
turned Kakashi against you so you’d be vulnerable to -”

“No,” I said, leaning away. “Just - no. How would he even - no.” He hadn’t turned Kakashi
against me. No one had turned - Kakashi wouldn’t turn against me. He wouldn’t. He’d… I
didn’t know. Not that. Something else.
But now that Naruto had brought it up, I realised I hadn’t thought before what Kakashi’s
reaction would be to waking up and finding me gone. Like leaving Naruto and Sakura behind
to run away with Kakashi in the first place, I wasn’t good at remembering that other people’s
lives continued even if I wasn’t there to see. Which was stupid, I know, I was just. I was
dealing with a lot.

What if he actually thought I was a traitor. I mean, I was, but not - not like that. He knew it
wasn’t like that, he’d been there and seen Itachi, why would he go to Sound? Was it a cover
story for going after Itachi? I hoped not. Or did he think I’d accepted Orochimaru's offer?
Canon Sasuke had betrayed Konoha for the power to defeat Itachi because he didn’t think
Kakashi was good enough. What if. What if Kakashi thought I’d done the same thing.

“He’s gone to Sound,” I repeated, hoarser than I intended to. “Kakashi really went to
Sound?” Was he angry? I promised him I wouldn’t abandon him. I promised him I’d listen. I
had a bad track record with promises, but I’d meant them when I made them. If he wasn’t
angry now, would he be after today? Angry, angry was too small. Would he abandon me for
abandoning him. Would he hate me for hating the Hokage. Would he give up on me.

I didn’t want him to give up on me.

“Sasuke,” Naruto said again. I flicked my eyes up to him on instinct, distracted by my
thoughts. The Hokage wasn’t dead, it wasn’t too late to back out. Danzo had seen me - or,
well, one of Danzo’s ROOT agents had seen me - but I hadn’t done anything. Today, at least.

But if this wasn’t how I made my point to Itachi, then… then what? I let it slide? I was only
here because I hadn’t been able to think of anything else. Except, that made it sound like I
didn’t want to be here and was just being backed into a corner, and that wasn’t right. The
Hokage had to go. I wanted the Hokage to go.

“Please,” Naruto continued. “What’s going on?”

It was the second time he’d said please, and I reluctantly gave him my attention. “A lot,” I
said, stalling for time while I sorted out my plans. “Nothing that’s for sharing. Nothing you
can help with. I’m sorry.”

“Don’t be sorry.” He reached for me and aborted the movement half way. “Just - why can’t I
help? Why won’t you tell me, why did you go missing and why are you here now?” His eyes
were moving between mine too rapidly, darting left to right as though he thought he’d see a
different answer if he focussed on the other eye. “Are you scared? Is it your sharingan, did
Orochimaru do something?”

I shook my head. He was so far from the right page, and I didn’t want to explain when I
wasn’t even sure I had an answer any more. I just wanted to go. “Sorry,” I said again, turning
to look over my shoulder and leave.

“Is it your brother?”

I froze.
“Only,” he continued doggedly, “That uniform’s too big for you. And you don’t use a sword.
They wouldn’t make you carry a sword if you didn’t use it - I’ve seen enough ANBU
without. But you have one because it’s not your uniform.”

“Stop.”

“It’s too small for your parents, and you wouldn’t keep it here if it was anyone else’s, so. It’s
your brother’s. Something happened and you went missing nin straight after -”

“Stop.”

“- And now you’re wearing your brother’s uniform, and you won’t tell me what’s wrong but
-”

“I told you to stop,” I said coldly, unsheathing the sword and turning back to him in a single,
fluid movement. I didn’t have to know how to use it. The pointy end went at his throat, the
sharp tip of it resting just over the collar of his pyjama top. It was a big kunai, it didn’t take a
genius to work out the basics.

If Naruto was bothered by the deadly weapon I was threatening him with, he didn’t show it.
“I’m not going to,” he said. “Whatever you’re doing, you’re doing it by yourself, and I’m not
going to stand by and let that happen. So.” He lifted his head and stood straighter, ignoring
the way I repositioned the sword to keep it pressed into his skin. “So I’m coming with you.”

My fingers gripped harder around the hilt. He had a healing factor. The kyuubi wouldn’t let
him die. “I’m not alone. They’re waiting outside the village.” I wasn’t going to attack him,
but my brother was off limits and if I did, the kyuubi wouldn’t let him die.

His mouth went tight, a flat expression that made the lines of his face stand out sharply in the
moonlight. “Who?” I didn’t answer. “It doesn’t matter. I’m still coming with you.”

“No.” I shook my head, but he stepped forward again, directly into the fucking sword - I
hurriedly turned the blade so the flat of it was against his throat instead of the edge and it
wasn’t going to hurt him, but that left me with no way to stop him walking towards me. I
backed up another step, a shorter one than I’d’ve liked. I was rapidly running out of space
before I’d hit the window. “No. You can’t. This is mine, not yours - and you’re going to be
the hero you can’t leave -” I reached out to hold him at arm’s length him but I had Itachi’s
mask in one hand and the sword in the other, and all I managed to do was awkwardly smoosh
my fingers against his shirt with the mask trapped between us.

“Hero? You mean Hokage?” He made a frustrated sound, rocking onto the balls of his feet in
agitation and still managing to move closer. “I wanted to be Hokage before I had a team.
Why would I need anyone else to recognise me when I have you?”

He wasn’t listening.

“You don’t have me. Maybe you had me, when I was scared and needed help and you were
there, but right now you -”
“And now I’m meant to believe you’re not scared?” His shoulders went back, the frown
subtly shifting until it was almost one of his inspirational poses. I let go of his shirt and
leaned away from him, not bothering to hide my scowl. I’d never liked being inspired-at. I
wasn’t going to be a stray lost soul to be rescued with a kind word and an uplifting speech. I
didn’t need rescuing, and I couldn’t hold myself to the standard of goodness that Naruto’s
optimism demanded, so he should save himself the effort and find someone else to focus on.
“I’m scared,” he said. Bully for him. I hope he enjoyed it. “I’m scared that if you go, you
won’t come back. I’m scared that someone’s going to take your eyes. I’m scared that
something’s wrong, but that you’ll keep it inside and deal with it by yourself until it breaks
you.”

“Aren’t you selfless. Do you want a medal?”

“And you say you don’t want help,” he continued, “but that’s not the way it works. It’s not
me helping you, it’s - it’s us doing things together, and your problems are my problems so I’ll
face them with you like you do with me -”

“I didn’t ask you to!”

“You don’t have to!” He shook his head, his inspiration turning frustrated. “I don’t ask you to
stick up for me against literally everyone, but you do. I didn’t ask you to make me see that I
mattered but you did, the only thing I ever ask you is to let me love you and you -”

“Don’t want you to,” I finished for him, all but baring my teeth on the words. “You were
temporary, Uzumaki, you were always meant to be temporary and I’m sorry if you
misunderstood -”

He bared his teeth back. His were sharper than mine. “Don’t put that on me, bastard. I didn’t
misunderstand anything. If you meant it to be temporary then you’re the one who screwed up
because you’re crap at hiding how much you care.”

I needed a hand. I needed - why were my hands full of a mask and a weapon I couldn’t use.
The tanto took longer to sheath; I pressed the mask onto my face instead. “Then let me make
it perfectly clear,” I said, reaching into my weapon pouch for a shuriken. Naruto leant back
warily, but refused to drop into a defensive position. I grit my teeth; yes, he had a healing
factor, but how the hell was he meant to survive if he couldn’t tell when someone was
genuinely going to stab him. What kind of stupid idiot was he. “You do not have me. You
don’t love me, I don’t have time for you, and if you try anyway then the only person you’re
going to hurt is yourself and I accept no responsibility for it.”

He glared. If there was ever a picture definition of defiance, he was it, and it was an effort not
to lash out and punch him just to make him stop. “Tell me why.”

“I don’t have to explain myself -”

“Sasuke. Tell me why.”

I shot him the filthiest look I knew how to, fingers clenching around the shuriken. “I don’t
have time,” I repeated. “I’m not some tragic victim planting flowers and slowly healing. I’m
not - I’m Uchiha, not a damsel in distress, I have to be strong now because I’m going to kill
the Hokage and I can’t let you stop me -”

“You’re what?”

Fuck. Fucking - “Oh,” I said sweetly, sheathing the tanto in a casual movement to free up my
other hand. “Did I forget to mention that? That’s why I came back to Konoha. It was nothing
to do with you.” Ouch. Technically true, but also much harsher than I meant to be because I
wasn’t paying attention to my words, I was relying on the mask to hide where I was looking
while I distracted Naruto with the shurikens I was now holding in both hands -

“This isn’t you,” he said. “This - you’re being controlled, or someone’s threatening you. You
don’t want to do this. I know you.”

I paused. On the other side of the window, my chakra rested on a pebble, ready to kawarimi
as soon as I needed to. We were inching closer to dawn, the last thing I wanted was a drawn
out battle that would alert the entire village to the fact that I was here. There was still a
chance Naruto could raise the alarm, but. My only other option was to take him out with an
injury so severe even the kyuubi would take a while to bounce him back from it, and that
wasn’t an option.

Unless he was right. Unless this wasn’t what I wanted. If my brother wasn’t an issue, if it was
just Kakashi, if things could go back to how they’d been when Team Seven was still all
together, if if if.

I scowled, shoving the thought aside. I’d come too far not to see it through to the end, and
Kakashi wasn’t an Uchiha. Naruto was wrong. Itachi was wrong. The Hokage was wrong.
And I was sick of people telling me who I was meant to be.

“Trust me,” I said flatly. “For the first time in my life I’m not being threatened. I’m doing
exactly what I want to do.”

“You’re lying.” He sounded - I didn’t know. A lot. Whatever emotion he sounded of, he
sounded of it a lot. “You can’t just expect me to believe -”

I switched. Landed on the gravel, and immediately ducked and switched again as a dozen
clones appeared in my path. I didn’t think they’d seen me - they were roughly evenly spaced,
fanning out from the house in a cone of vision that drastically increased as Naruto leapt out
the window after me. It was a search technique, not an attack, and as fast as each clone was
forming more copies to widen the search range it still wasn’t enough to beat my stealth. Two
more kawarimis, a camouflage henge, and a scent-blocker genjutsu layered over the top; I
could run the Uchiha district blindfolded and he’d only ever visited one part of it, and I
turned towards the village proper when I was sure I’d lost him down the back streets.

He was wrong. He was wrong, and it wasn’t my fault, and I didn’t care about him so it wasn’t
going to hurt. But I hadn’t lied. The only reason I’d never acted against Konoha before was
because I was too scared to. I hadn’t changed. I’d always hated them, I’d always - who did he
even know. Someone full of secrets, that’s who. He was wrong, and the person he thought he
knew wasn’t real because even if parts of that person were honest the whole image they
projected didn’t exist and if I suddenly, overwhelmingly wished it did - tough.

Tough.

Naruto was wrong. It didn’t matter if he believed me or not, I had a job to do. The Hokage
wasn’t going to kill himself.



The Hokage Tower was in the centre of the village. Tall, and immediately identifiable, but
that wasn’t where I was headed. The Hokage residence was just a bit further out, next to the
academy; not every Hokage spent every night there, but it was a known bone of contention
between Asuma and his dad that the Sandaime never slept anywhere else. Dedication to the
role or neglect of familial duties, I wasn’t there to decide, just to take advantage. The building
was round, large enough to potentially house an inner room on each floor that wouldn’t have
any windows, and tiered, each floor slightly smaller than the one below. In daylight it was
very obviously fire themed, with red paint on the walls, orange-glazed terracotta tiles on the
lower roofs that almost shone gold in the sun, and a giant Fire kanji painted on the flat top
roof just in case someone forgot which country we were in.

I landed on the cliff above it, head tilted as I considered my way in. The residence was
walled, but it was a low wall, more of a decorative covered walkway than anything that
would keep intruders out. The roof tiles were covered in seals, written in an excessively
looped cursive that made them impossible for even my sharingan to read. Terracotta wasn’t a
fire country staple, particularly not glazed like that or with those kinds of seals; Uzushio
make? Maybe? Uzushio tiles were in short supply, I didn’t exactly have examples to compare
them to, but I couldn’t think of anywhere else the Shodai would’ve got seal-inlaid glazed tiles
from. Give me enough time and I could maybe decipher what they said, but it made more
sense to assume they’d all either kill me or sound the alarm if I so much as stepped on them,
and just carry on with my life instead.

If they didn’t sound the alarm, Naruto might. Would he? He’d have to know what would
happen to me if I got caught, but could I count on that holding him back? I wasn’t going to
retreat now so I’d have to, but I stayed on high alert all the same.

Apart from the rooves, the walls of the building seemed safe. Safe enough to stand on, at
least, though they’d clearly been designed to be difficult to infiltrate. Rather than a few large
windows it had many small ones, none of them big enough for a ninja to get in through and
all of them secured with solid panes of glass. Kawarimi would’ve dealt with the size
problem, but the glass - I couldn’t go through solid objects. Pipes and electric cables ran
around the outside, clearly added as upgrades after the original house had been built, and
those were what I focussed on. If I could find the hole where they went inside…

I chose a collection of pipes that looked about right for a bathroom. A variety for water and
waste water, but also an old and seemingly disused fuel pipe from when baths used to be
heated in the tub on demand, and a more recent set of insulated pipes that presumably carried
hot water from a central heating tank. Bathrooms meant steam. The windows didn’t open, but
steam needed a way out or the room would be unbearably mouldy - there. Vent. Tucked away
where it wasn’t immediately visible, and bolted down in a way that would be impossible to
work loose without the proper tools. Except, I didn’t need to work it loose. I just needed to
see through it.

“Just think,” I muttered, moving up towards it. “He puts up with living in a house where he
can’t open the windows for security reasons for literal decades, and someone manages to
break in anyway. How sad for him. All that sacrifice for nothing, however will he cope.” I
squinted; there were no convenient plants to steal a leaf from and switch with, so face flannel
or weird sponge shaped decoration? Oh. Toilet roll. I defied anyone to notice a single sheet of
toilet paper falling to the ground.

One kawarimi later, and I was inside. I adjusted my henge to account for the different light
patterns and moved silently to the door, straining my ears for anyone in the corridor before I
opened it and scanning for seal alarms at every point. I didn’t know where the Hokage’s
bedroom was, so my best bet was to search as quickly and methodically as I could; it was
risky, yes, but I’d had practice sneaking past guards before and for all their reputation, ANBU
weren’t actually infallible. Black Ops cared more about your willingness to do anything your
Hokage asked than your skill ranking, ninja at Kakashi’s level were rare.

I blinked, running the sound I was hearing back through my brain.

… Ok, my alternative best bet was to follow the snores. I mean, I guess he wasn’t the
youngest he’d ever been and it was a natural part of life, but. Snores?

Twelve minutes later - creeping silently under genjutsu took time, even a genjutsu that
blocked as much sound and smell as I was able to to keep me from being detected - I
confirmed, to my complete bafflement, that the snoring was genuinely the Hokage and not a
decoy set up to distract anyone coming to assassinate him.

I just. I. Really? Maybe protocol had been written when village heads were expected to die in
their prime on a battlefield. It was the only explanation that made sense. Even so, I hesitated,
tucked into the corner of the ceiling and staring at him in confusion. Now that I was actually
here and faced with a sleeping old man instead of a grim war leader, I wasn’t sure how I was
meant to continue. Stab him? Poison? Only idiots cared about a fair fight, but at the same
time, I was avenging my family and my brother. I felt… cheated, a bit, by how simple
everything seemed.

“I was sure my first appointment wasn’t until eight,” the Hokage said, not moving from his
position in the bed. I held myself very, very still. “I appreciate the enthusiasm, though I must
admit my office is better set up for receiving guests.”

I didn’t respond. He opened his eyes and sat up, feet swinging out of bed and hands resting
politely in his lap with no sign of any residual sleepiness. If he had old-man stiffness to go
along with his old-man snores, he didn’t show it, and under the blanket he was wearing the
sort of plain dark outfit that any field ninja would sleep in on a mission. If he’d even had old-
man snores to begin with. They’d stopped with the sort of abruptness that suggested they
might not have been real in the first place, and the sharingan didn’t help me against auditory
genjutsu.
I was reminded, sharply, that Sarutobi Hiruzen had been one of the most feared ninja of his
generation. It wasn’t an accident that he’d survived this long.

“Please,” he said, gesturing at a chair beside his bed that was currently being used to hold his
robes. There was even a shoehorn leant against it to help him put his sandals on without
bending down. Somehow, that didn’t make it any less foreboding. “Won’t you join me? You
wouldn’t have seen them on your way in, but I assure you, my ANBU are early risers.”

Bluff? He was right, I hadn’t seen anyone. I’d rationalised that they were more concerned
with defending points of entry rather than sticking close to the Hokage himself. If he meant
he could call them, would I still have enough time to kill him before they arrived? I had
Karin and her snake to get me out, escaping afterwards should be fine - but if the ANBU
were close enough…

I dropped down to the open floor space. Not the chair, but if the Hokage felt at all at a
disadvantage by sitting on the bed while I stood, it didn’t bother him.

“Dismiss them,” I demanded, dropping my henge. He raised an eyebrow but didn’t seem
surprised to see me, and I grit my teeth and continued as though I had full confidence that I’d
be obeyed: “My brother sent me.” And, unspoken, you don’t want them to hear what I have to
say.

His mild expression didn’t change, but the threat worked; the fingers of his right hand
pressed against his left wrist in a series of movements that I wouldn’t have picked up without
the sharingan. ANBU tap code. I wasn’t fluent, but I caught enough: stand down was one, as
was not a threat, and await further instructions.

I scowled behind my mask. Not a threat my ass. Still, at least it told me that he recognised
Itachi’s uniform and knew who I was, that was something at least.

“Your brother,” he said. “Not who I was expecting, Sasuke-kun. When you disappeared, I
half suspected that Orochimaru had convinced you to join him.”

“He tried to scoop out my eye with a shuriken. Why the fuck does everyone think I’m going
to join him.”

He smiled at me, grandfatherly and approving. “I’m glad to hear it, Sasuke-kun. He’s
charming when he wants to be, you’re wiser than many who’ve fallen for it.”

Sasuke-kun. Sasuke-kun, Sasuke-kun, repeated use of a friendly form of address and not-so
subtle flattery - “His isn’t the only charm I don’t fall for,” I snapped. “Don’t call me Sasuke-
kun. The only thing I am to you is Uchiha.”

“Uchiha, then,” he agreed. He also dropped the grandfather act, facing me as an equal
instead. His shoulders weren’t bowed, but even so he couldn’t fully hide the exhaustion in
them, and there was an edge of grief and regret to his expression. “You’re here to talk about
your clan.”
I didn’t trust it. There was no way a Hokage would treat a runaway genin as an equal, even if
I was representing my family. It was another act, and the regret was as fake as anything else.

“Talk. Sure. Let’s go with that.” The thing about acting was that it only worked if your act
was believable. Audience participation. It was a thing, and the same applied to genjutsu. That
was where most illusions failed - you make them too prescriptive, tell people to accept too
many changes to their surroundings that they know are false, and the whole premise falls
apart. “You killed us. Is that a good starting place?”

But, and this was the tricky thing; let them fill in the blanks themselves, and they’re much
more likely to believe you - but if you move outside what they know, they’re much more
likely to get it wrong.

“I did.”

I scowled, shifting back on my heels. “That’s it? I did - you’re just going to admit it?”

Sure, ask them to accept that an empty room is empty, everyone knows what that looks like.
But ask them to accept that you stabbed them through the neck and they died? Very few
people are familiar with the feeling. Their consciousness comes up with an approximation
based on what they remember from other wounds, presents it to their nervous system, and
their nervous system asks them if they’re having a laugh because what the fuck is this. You
can’t kill people with genjutsu by making them imagine it. They aren’t that creative. It won’t
work. Even Tsukuyomi failed to provide enough evidence to override a body’s stubborn
belief that it was alive, and it created a world that was entirely under the user’s control.

“There’s no future in dishonesty,” the Hokage said, tilting his head towards me. “I’m not
trying to lie to you, Uchiha-kun.”

“Just Uchiha. Uchiha-sama if you really must.”

“Your clan are dead. I was the one to make the call,” - lie - “and I was the one who had to
choose if the lives of one family outweighed the lives of the entire village.” He closed his
eyes, too long for a blink, and when he opened them every year of his tenure as Hokage was
weighing down on him. “It was not a choice I made lightly. If there was a way to save both, I
would have taken it, but the Uchiha made sure that was not an option.”

“Bullshit,” I sneered. “If there were ways to save both then you were the one who spent
decades refusing to acknowledge them. I know the reasons for the coup, I know about the
years leading up to it - this isn’t your narrative and you can’t control it. You didn’t choose the
lives of the village, you chose the village itself. You chose a power structure you were in
charge of and a system that benefited you and you pretend you did it to stop people dying but
you have no proof that that’s what would have happened either way.”

He frowned. “The coup would’ve torn Konoha apart -”

“So? Konoha’s wrong. Konoha’s so fucking wrong on so many levels, anyone could poke a
hole in it and watch everything come falling out and the only reason they don’t is because no
one’s ever done it before and they’re scared to be the first. Of course they’re scared to be the
first. You know that’s the only thing holding them back, why the fuck would you allow
anyone to be the first? So you have to get rid of dissenters before anyone can see that they
aren’t alone or else your house of cards gets set on fucking fire -” He tried to say something; I
didn’t stop. “And you know the worst thing? It’s not even your house of cards. You didn’t
give the order. Danzo did. You’re fighting for a crown you don’t even get to wear, and you
still sit there like you’re in charge and tell me you made the fucking call.”

“Danzo,” he repeated. He looked stricken. He looked old, so very, very old, he looked - I
didn’t care how he looked. “What did Itachi tell you? Uchiha, what do you know?”

And see, the thing is. I didn’t trust other people’s imaginations. That was why I preferred
detailed genjutsu, why I chose what they saw and didn’t leave it up to chance and why I
preferred subtle changes to sweeping, reality-defying constructions. The Hokage was
indulging me. I was a genjutsu and stealth specialist with a few battle-tricks up my sleeve; if I
was a credible threat, he’d never have sent his ANBU away. Genjutsu wasn’t dangerous by
itself because genjutsu couldn’t kill anyone because no one knew what it was like to die - to
permanently, with full, awful realisation of your own mortality end and never restart again.
No one knew it well enough to recreate it.

I did.

I looked the God of Shinobi in the eye, and said, “Drown.”

And he did.

His eyes went wide. That was a mistake; he was underwater, the salt would sting them. At
first he tried to brush it off and just ignore the illusion, but the current caught him. Dragged
him. Not down, just across; I could see his muscles tensing as he tried instinctively to fight it.
Then - back. Dragged him back. Away from the shore. He’d got used to the change of scene
now, and was feeling around the edges of the genjutsu with his chakra to see where he could
pick it apart. Against someone who hadn’t lived it, maybe, but there weren’t any loose
threads he could lean on. Five days travelling to Konoha from the marshes, five days to
remember every detail and put it together into a reality he couldn’t get out of, five days
pouring all the anger and all the nightmares into something my family would be proud of.
The current pulled him back because he’d turned to swim against it, because he thought he
was strong enough, and now the muscle ache was setting in. Now he was starting to tire. Now
he was starting to panic, because the current was stronger than he was, and the shore was
getting further and further away.

He flared his chakra. The ANBU probably felt it. I didn’t care.

Panic worked against him. He slipped under, and it felt like the current dragged him down. It
didn’t. It just pulled him back, back and back and back with no reprieve - but when he went
under he panicked and lost control. His heart was beating too fast. His eyes were open,
because we’re visual creatures and we get scared of the dark behind our eyelids, but all he
saw was the sea. He scraped his shoulder against the rocky floor, turned and tried to push off
from it, and couldn’t find where it was.
He dislocated his thumb. Any other genjutsu, the pain would’ve snapped him out of it. It
didn’t.

He couldn’t find the surface. He couldn’t find the floor. He couldn’t find any direction, and
now fear overrode any sense of reason. He flailed. He wasted energy and oxygen trying to
escape and all he did was exhaust himself. His chest burned. His brain was telling him to get
out, repeating it on loop like a desperate mantra that would save his life, but his lungs were
straining from the force of not breathing and his scrabbling fingers were finding nothing but
more water wherever they turned.

He slammed his hand down on the bed, black lines spreading out from it in every direction. I
stepped to the side and walked three feet up the wall to avoid them; when he pulsed chakra
down them he left lightning-burn marks on the legs of his furniture but I was out of reach.

He clamped his teeth shut, against the water that wanted to come in, against the used breath
that wanted to go out, against the weight in his ears that felt like the sea was drilling into his
skull -

He stamped his foot, more of a spasm than a controlled gesture, and curving blades of wind
shot out of the ceiling and the floor to meet in the middle. They were so dense with chakra
the outlines of them glowed with it; I kawarimid with his pillow and watched as it got ripped
apart between them.

The instinct to breathe was too strong to ignore. He opened his mouth. Bubbles exploded
from it and for a fraction of a second the release of pressure felt like a miracle, then his chest
expanded again and the water came rushing in.

“Enma,” he mouthed, lifting his dislocated thumb to his mouth with a shaky hand. His other
hand was clutching the mattress for support, but even with it to hold him up he was listing
dangerously to the side. I reached out and pushed his thumb away.

He choked. The urge to cough fought with the urge to inhale. The salt water burnt everything.
His chest was breaking and his lungs were swallowing lava. His head felt like it was going to
explode.

He collapsed.

He drowned.

The genjutsu held for another few moments, then the threads of it snapped. Illusions don’t
work on corpses. I checked his pulse mechanically, then followed up by holding a kunai over
his mouth to see if any condensation formed on the metal from his breath. It didn’t. I’d done
what countless people had tried and failed to do, what even Danzo had had to put on hold; the
Hokage was dead.

Long live the Hokage.

I took a deep, shuddering breath, shaking off the far too vivid experience of maintaining the
genjutsu and assuring myself that I wasn’t the one who had died - this time - and took my
  mask off, dropping it next to his body on the bed. I half expected him to sit up again, or roll
  over and start snoring. Part of me couldn’t actually believe that it had worked. It’d been a
  crazy plan from the start and I’d had doubts that I could even go through with it, but I did.
  ANBU Weasel was done. The Hokage didn’t own my brother any more. I was done. I was
  done.

  From the other side of the room, Orochimaru gave a slow, drawn-out clap.

  “Sasuke-chan,” he said, “You continue to be a delight.”



Chapter End Notes



    Naruto in the academy: Let me share your attention
    Naruto when they graduate: Let me share your fire jutsu
    Naruto after the wave mission: Let me share your house
    Naruto when Sasuke’s a missing nin: Let me share your pain

    Sasuke: no

    Chapter warning: for on-screen character death and detailed descriptions of drowning.
    Skip from '"Drown."' to 'Long live the Hokage.'
                                       Chapter 47: Regicide arc: III
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Orochimaru.

   I flicked my eyes up to him, but didn’t move. Processing the Hokage’s death would have to
   wait - just then, I needed to focus on getting out. The original plan of signalling Karin to
   summon me via the snake was still my best bet overall, but I didn’t know how long it would
   take her to notice me and I didn’t want to spend any longer around Orochimaru than I had to.

   “You’re like a little knife in the back,” he continued, picking his way through the mess the
   Hokage’s wind blades had left over the floor. “Underwhelming and ignorable, right up until
   you kill someone because they didn’t see you coming. I love it.”

   “I prefer shurikens to knives,” I said. There was only one way in or out of the room. It might
   have been designed that way to be easier to defend, but a box with one opening was a
   dangerous trap if I wasn’t careful. I edged along the wall towards it, scowling and keeping
   my attention on Orochimaru to cover up what I was doing. “And I’m not ignorable. You have
   no idea how strong I am.”

   “Strong enough to handle the S-rank bounty they’ll put on you for killing a kage?” He shook
   his head at me, gently chiding, and retrieved Itachi’s mask with a disappointed downturn of
   his mouth. “I can fix this one for you, but you need to be more careful. How can I ever let
   you out by yourself if you insist on making mistakes like this?”

   “Let me out -” I bit my tongue on the swear words that wanted to follow that. By his amused
   smile, he heard them anyway.

   “I don’t want to keep you cooped up forever, Sasuke-chan. If you leave this room you’ll be
   out of range of my suppressant seal. Much as I appreciate how you dispassionately stared
   Hiruzen down until he died, it wasn’t the quietest way he could’ve gone.”

   It took me a moment to work out what he was saying - there was no change of tone between
   statements to give his threat any context. I stared, watching him blankly as he vanished the
   mask into some unseen pocket (the mask, did he have any idea what it represented or how
   much I hated him stealing it) and took out a kunai to slit the Hokage’s throat. It wasn’t
   necessary - he was very clearly dead - but if it made him feel better, I wasn’t going to stop
   him.

   “You… hid me?” I asked, trying to wrap my head around it. I didn’t know enough about
   suppressant seals to be sure, but in theory, I guessed, they could have blocked any ANBU
   from sensing the Hokage’s attempts to fight me.

   “Of course. You’re no use to me if they execute you.”
I - no. Moving past that. If I was inside a suppressant seal, I couldn’t signal Karin. ANBU
outside the room, Orochimaru inside, neither were safe but I knew which one I preferred my
chances with. I shifted my weight imperceptibly in preparation, and tried to gauge whether
he'd left anything dangerous that would stop me leaving through the door.

Orochimaru stepped back from the corpse with dark satisfaction, admiring the blood stains on
the sheets. He’d not slit his throat, I was wrong; he’d dug the kunai in in a deep slash across
his eyes, and pried open his jaw to cut out his tongue. I paused, putting aside my instinctive
disgust as I tried to work out the significance. They were the same wounds he’d given the six
Sound genin he’d killed and left around the village when he first declared war, but the only
thing I could think of was that eyes meant dojutsu, and removing someone’s tongue was to
stop them talking.

“Which reminds me,” Orochimaru said, wiping the kunai off against the Hokage’s sleeve. He
turned towards me, holding out his hand. “Come here.”

I baulked. Did he seriously expect me to - The snake uncurled herself from around my neck,
her scales rippling as she dropped her invisibility. I leaned back, but several feet of high-class
summon were faster than I was, and she was already twining around Orochimaru’s arm, her
tongue flicking out in greeting.

I went pale. My escape route.

“I know,” Orochimaru told the snake, answering what I presumed was a hissed statement I
hadn’t understood. He ran his fingers over her back and she arched up into it, all but preening
under his touch. “But I’d really rather you not.” His fingers curved until he was making a fist
around her slender body, then with one vicious squeeze, he snapped her spine. She went limp,
and in a faint puff of smoke, was gone.

“You killed -”

“Dispelled,” he corrected. “Summons are surprisingly hard to kill.”

How the fuck did he know that. No - I didn’t want to know. Careful and methodical
experiments on people was bad enough, but on summons? There was no way. It was - there
was no way.

Some of my thoughts must’ve shown on my face, because Orochimaru raised an eyebrow at
me. “You dismiss your own summons by reducing the chakra provided to them until it’s less
than they need to sustain themselves,” he explained. “You dismiss someone else’s summons
by increasing the chakra they need to sustain themselves until it’s more than what their
summoner is providing them. The easiest way to do that is to require them to heal. The logic
is entirely sound.”

“The logic is what I have a problem with,” I said, still staring at him somewhat wide-eyed. It
struck me, also, that Karin had to have got her summoning contract from somewhere, and
that Orochimaru might not be totally on board with her running off with it. I wasn’t sure what
I was going to do with the realisation, but it felt like the sort of thing I should be aware of.
Her and Gaara’s plan to fake my death and kidnap me from the camp - how much of that was
theirs, and how much was his?

“Regardless,” he said. “ANBU are not all incompetent. We can discuss the limitations of
summons at a later date, for now we should move on.” He reached for me. I took three steps
back in quick succession, my chakra arm rising up behind me and an excessive number of
shuriken appearing in my hands.

“I killed the Hokage by looking at him,” I said. It was an empty threat - I was in no position
to repeat the genjutsu, not least because I’d have to relive it again and I really didn’t think I
could - but he’d moved to be between me and the way out, I was running out of other
options.

He gave me an unimpressed look. “I am aware. If you recall, I observed you do it. I’m also
aware that genjutsu are far more taxing than most people give them credit for, and that if you
were going to kill me, you wouldn’t give me the courtesy of time to prepare a counter.”

Shit. There was nothing behind him to swap with, so I went for the aggressive route and shot
a kawarimi thread towards his head. It only took a fraction of a second to reach him, but he
twitched minutely aside so all I caught in it was his hair. I abandoned the switch - the last
thing I wanted to do was put myself that close to him for no reason - and flung my handful of
shuriken instead, spreading them out so that whichever way he dodged he’d be hit by at least
one.

He blocked them with a bird seal and a gust of wind dense enough to form a solid shield of
air. We were in a wood-and-plaster building; if I’d hoped the lack of stone would hinder him,
I was wrong. He continued the hand seals with a sharp flick, wind turning to fire and spilling
out in a sheet that I had to drop to the ground to avoid. I ended up sprawled over the black
markings from the Hokage’s lightning jutsu, which I ignored - he was dead, what was he
going to do - in favour of aiming for Orochimaru’s feet with my chakra arm.

“You’re being childish, Sasuke-chan,” he said, and stamped his heel on the lightning marks.
They lit up with crackling blue; I frantically pushed myself off them, but between the fire
above and the lightning below, I was trapped. Electricity shot up my arms, making every
muscle tense up as they tried to simultaneously expand and contract and locking me in place
as they spasmed. He didn’t hold it long enough to cause permanent damage, but I was still
shaky and barely supporting myself when it ended.

My mind raced. There had to be a way out. I wasn’t going to end up like Hinata, dead or
imprisoned and only valued for my eyes. I wasn’t going to end up as a human puppet being
piloted by Orochimaru either, and if willing cooperation was out that left me - what. What did
that leave me.

“Are you quite done? It’s nearly dawn, I’d hoped to be in a better position to watch the
show.”

“Why,” I asked. What did that leave me. “What happens at dawn?” Not like Hinata, not a
puppet, not cooperating; what did that - Hinata.
I switched my chakra to fire.

“Sunrise,” Orochimaru said. I was too distracted to work out if it was meant to be flippant or
not. He bent down, reaching for me again, and I shifted until my palms were pressed against
my tenketsu points.

“If you touch me,” I promised, “I’ll burn myself alive until my sharingan disintegrate in my
skull.”

His hand paused midair. “They would burst first, and potentially boil, but disintegration is
unlikely.”

I grit my teeth and turned the immolation jutsu up to uncomfortable temperatures, lifting
myself up onto my elbows so I could glare at him as I did it. “I cannot emphasise enough
how little I care. I’ve been performing this jutsu since I was seven years old, I know exactly
how far I can push it. Back. The fuck. Off.”

He stayed where he was, head tilted as he examined me. I didn’t know what he was looking
for - evidence? The way my skin was starting to flush red from the heat? Signs that I was
lying? I wasn’t. I mean - god, I didn’t want to do it, but could I afford not to? Would he be
able to tell how little confidence I had in myself to follow through? Please don’t call my
bluff. Don’t make me do it. Please.

I inched a fraction hotter, trying to focus the heat towards my face. It made me lightheaded,
but it worked; he straightened up and took a step back, and I dialed the jutsu down again to
merely fever-temperatures with an inaudible sigh of relief.

“This is a strategy with very little long term value,” he warned, though his eyes were
narrowed and the usual lightness had gone from his voice. “It’s neither clever nor interesting.
All you’re achieving is to annoy me.”

“My heart bleeds for you.”

“I’m sure it will. What do you want?”

I hesitated, disguising the pause by pushing myself to my feet. I wanted him to go away and
stay away, but that was a very one-sided position to argue from and I wasn’t sure he’d accept
it. If he had a way to knock me out or block my jutsu, I didn’t want to give him a reason to
use it - talking was my best chance to buy time until I came up with a better plan. “World
peace,” I threw out sarcastically. “Justice for my clan. An entire onsen filled with ice cream,
and everyone I care about to live forever and be safe. What do you think.”

He frowned at me. “You have many fortes, Sasuke-chan, but negotiation isn’t one. Very well;
in order: world peace is overrated. The only attempts I’ve seen are naive at best and deceitful
otherwise, and I’d advise you to avoid them. For your clan, go to the Daimyo. I don’t care,
and refuse to engage in politics even if I did. An onsen filled with ice cream can be arranged
but I doubt the reality will live up to your expectations and I will not be held accountable for
that. If you allow me to learn how the sharingan interacts with death then immortality may be
achievable, but expecting me to grant it to someone just because you ask is unreasonable. As
for keeping your friends safe, your request is too open-ended and time consuming to
consider.”

I blinked. Had he… Other than the onsen of ice cream, had he actually agreed to any of my
demands or just gone through them listing why he wouldn’t? And. Had he thought I was
being serious? Or had he picked up on the sarcasm and his answer was equally sarcastic but I
hadn’t been able to tell?

“However,” he continued in the same deadpan tone, “Konoha is sitting on seven explosive
seals that will detonate at dawn today. One is under the hospital.”

“It’s what?”

He shrugged, his amused smile coming back and the flatness bleeding out of his expression.
“I always meant the village to suffer. Setting up the camp to draw the fighting away from the
civilians was clever, but it was hardly going to deter me from my goal. Ideally, I would have
asked Hiruzen to watch, but I can hardly blame you for your timing.” He cocked his head
curiously, and I tensed on instinct, even as my mind spun trying to work out why the hell
he’d told me about the explosive seals. “Though,” he continued, “I can blame you for other
things. Your lie about Konoha being aware of my original invasion plan, for one. As novel as
it was to be warned about myself, I don’t appreciate having to rearrange my plans to account
for something that didn’t even happen.” His eyes flicked over to the Hokage’s corpse then
back to me, narrowing in thought. “I never did discover how you knew.”

“Lucky guess,” I said, fighting to keep my voice above a croak. Rasa. He was talking about
Rasa, and that stupid mission I’d given myself in the middle of the night to scare him into
obedience. If I hadn’t taken that mission, would any of this have happened? Orochimaru
himself said he’d almost overlooked me, if I’d let canon play its course could I have just
slipped under the radar and avoided the whole thing?

“Guesswork is the resort of fools, Sasuke-chan,” he said reprovingly. “We both know it
doesn’t suit you.”

Did we? I was relying on a suicide technique I wasn’t going to use as a last ditch effort to
save my life. My survival strategy so far was keep him talking, I’ll think of a way out in a
minute. My escape plan had been sent back to the summon realm, Konoha was apparently
rigged to blow and I didn’t know why I’d been told, and I’d somehow bartered my freedom
away in a deal I wasn’t going to stick to for an onsen of ice cream that I didn’t actually want.
About the only thing I could do was raise my chin and scowl at him instead of giving him an
explanation, which I did, but it wasn’t exactly useful.

“Another day, perhaps,” he finally allowed, dismissing the question and turning towards the
bed. “There are too many boring people in the world as it is, it would be a shame for you to
join them. Oh, and before I forget.” He glanced back over his shoulder at me, an absent
movement that somehow conveyed his complete confidence that I was listening and would
take careful note of anything he said. “I have no use for the Ichibi, but could you remind your
Uzumaki that there were conditions attached to her being given the snake contract? She
seems to listen to you more than me, and I’ve never liked being ignored.”
Well that was terrifying. As was the way he collected the Hokage’s corpse and said mildly,
“Hospital, Sasuke-chan. Your Akimichi is on the fourth floor.”

I had a second to absorb that information, then my entire focus was taken up by dodging the
jet-stream of boiling mud Orochimaru aimed at the wall. He hadn’t been trying to catch me
with it - I didn’t think - but the splash radius was large enough to be deadly in itself, and
everywhere the mud landed started hissing as the acid in it ate through the plaster and left a
blackened, steaming hole to the outside world.

“Sneaky time’s over,” I mumbled, wide-eyed, as I cancelled my immolation jutsu and pulled
a hasty henge over myself. “Right, ok.”

ANBU poured in, enough that there was no way they hadn’t already known something was
wrong. Whatever method Orochimaru had been using to keep them away before, he’d clearly
abandoned it now; there was nothing subtle in the way he wove through them, limbs
elongated to extend his reach and kusanagi slashing out to leave at least three of them
bleeding in his wake.

One of them was bleeding from the sort of clean-through wound that meant that when they
got flung within arm’s reach of me they slumped to the floor and didn’t get up. I hesitated for
all of no time at all before I knelt beside them, genjutsu flowing over them to cover my
movements as I checked for a pulse and didn’t find one. In the chaos no one had noticed how
badly they’d been hurt, and now that they didn’t need it anymore, their mask was fair game. I
couldn’t tell what animal it represented - one with prominent swirls over their cheeks,
whatever that meant - but I couldn’t expect the ANBU to focus on Orochimaru forever, even
if he was waving the Sandaime’s mutilated body in front of them as a particularly gruesome
taunt.

With my newly acquired mask and the ANBU uniform I’d already been wearing, I took the
risk, dropping my henge and slipping seamlessly into the fray. I threw a shuriken, ducked
under a sword swipe, made just enough attempt at chasing Orochimaru to be believable -
though frankly, I didn’t much care if it wasn’t - and as soon as I’d cleared the hole in the wall
without being arrested, I took a side-step, kawarimid out of the compound, left the mask up a
tree in case someone came looking for it, and bolted.

“Hospital. Hospital, got to get to the - if Orochimaru thinks this puts me in his debt he can
whistle. How much time do I have. Where the fuck is the sun.” Still below the horizon was
the answer to that; I had a little over twenty minutes until detonation, less if Orochimaru
decided to set them off early for whatever reason. The centre of the village was thick with
buildings, many of them tall and imposing, and the fastest way to navigate past them would
be to go up high and get a clear line of sight to switch. It was also the fastest way to draw
attention to myself and get caught, so I was left running on foot, sticking to the edge of the
road where my camouflage henge had more to work with.

It didn’t feel fast enough. The main street though was long and relatively straight, if I could
get there I could make use of kawarimi again. I beelined for it, turning the corner at speed -

“Kitten!”
- and barely stopped myself from firing four shuriken at Tsuki when she ran across my path
to block me.

“Kitten,” she repeated, her fur vibrating as she spun in a tight circle. “Tsuki found you. She
tracked you! Sakura-bitch, Sakura-bitch, Tsuki found her!”

Genjutsu scents didn’t work against dogs. Genjutsu scents didn’t work - “Tsuki,” I hissed.
“You need to be quiet.” I could outrun her, but I couldn’t lose her, not without wasting too
much time on covering my trail. I rocked on my feet, one step from pacing in frustration;
could I force her to dispel like Orochimaru had done to the snake? Hurt her enough that she
needed more chakra to heal than Sakura could give her? I shoved the thought away, face
creasing with disgust. No. No. Summons were hard to kill but not impossible, I’d seen the
evidence of that when Kakashi and Itachi killed one of Tayuya’s ogres. I wasn’t on their level
but neither was Tsuki, I couldn’t afford to risk her like that.

“Why?” she asked. She was mimicking my agitated movements, though her dancing in place
seemed far more excited and far less dreading than mine. “You left. You’re not supposed to
leave. And then Puppy said you were back but something was wrong, so Sakura-bitch called
Tsuki to find you, and then I did find you and the pack can kill the wrong thing and you can
stay again.”

I buried a vaguely hysterical laugh. “Some wrong things can’t be killed. Tsuki, please, I need
you to lead them away.” She paused, standing still and looking at me questioningly. “Please,”
I repeated. “It’s important. They can’t find me. You know I wouldn’t ask if it didn’t matter.”

Her tail dropped. She looked anxiously off to the side, then back to me. “But pack,” she
protested. “You belong with us.”

What could I say to that? I was running out of time. “I’m sorry,” I went for, shrugging
helplessly. “I wish -” I cut myself off, shaking my head. I’d chosen to be where I was.
Wishing otherwise was pointless. “There are other things I have to do.”

Slowly, Tsuki lay down, her eyes fixed on me and her ears flicking back and forth in quick
succession. “Tsuki will be good,” she promised. “If… If it’s important. Tsuki won’t tell
Sakura-bitch and Puppy where Kitten went.”

“Thank you.” I edged around her, watching to check that she meant it, but I shouldn’t have
doubted her. For two reasons; the first was that she turned her head to keep looking after me
but didn’t budge from her spot, and second was that watching her distracted me, and I didn’t
notice the shadow creeping towards my feet until I was already caught.

My legs locked in place. The sky was beginning to lighten with the faint gold-blue of early
dawn, but the ground was still mostly dark. It was a Nara’s playground, and I was stuck in the
middle of it.

“You have the worst timing,” I snarled.

“I have the worst timing?” Shikamaru retorted, moving round into my field of view with his
hands firmly in the yin seal for his shadow bind. My own legs moved to mimic his steps, but
somehow I ended up walking on the spot instead of following him across the street. It
would’ve been an impressive demonstration of control, except that I really wasn’t in the
mood to be impressed. “It’s before dawn. Why am I awake before dawn, Sasuke. Explain.”

“I’m not responsible for your bad decisions. Go back to sleep and leave me alone.”

He ignored my advice. Rude. “Actually, don’t bother explaining that. I’m awake because
your teammate flipped out and demanded I help look for you, and apparently I’m stupid
enough to listen.” He crossed his arms, glaring at me, and I crossed mine in exactly the same
way and scowled right back. “So,” he continued, “Explain, please, why I’m meant to be
rescuing a missing nin, why that missing nin is not currently being attacked and in immediate
need of assistance, and also why Naruto made such a point of calling us and not getting any
adults involved. If it’s not too much trouble, of course.” The tension is his stance belied his
sarcastic tone, but I didn’t think he was trying to mislead me.

Which was horrendous news. Naruto thought either Orochimaru or my brother were actively
forcing me to kill the Hokage, why the fuck had he gone for a bunch of genin instead of
jounin-level backup. Did he think Shikamaru could stop a damn sannin? Fuck, did Shikamaru
think he could - my eyes narrowed.

Words served a purpose. Stalling tactics. If he was being honest about the others being
involved then he’d have a way to contact them. There; left shoulder, just above where his
forehead protector was sewn to his sleeve. Two beetles, almost impossible to spot except that
their bodies reflected the light, but ninja were trained to think in threes. They were kikaichu,
and one had already been sent for backup. It made sense; Chouji was still recovering, Hinata
was gone, Kiba was in a wheelchair - Team Ten were missing their heavy hitter and Shino
was missing his team, of course they’d’ve gravitated towards each other. On the one hand I
was glad he’d called Shino and not Naruto or Sakura, on the other hand I was working to a
tight schedule as it was and stalling tactics really didn’t help. The acid-melted section of the
Hokage residence wasn’t visible from where we stood and Orochimaru had definitely been
leading the ANBU the other way, but things weren’t going to stay quiet for long.

I tested how much movement I had. Not much. Breathing room - literally - and my face was
mine, but it was like all my bones were frozen from the inside out and pulling against them
did nothing but strain my muscles until they hurt.

Not much movement was more than none. I pushed my chakra into my fingers and split my
attention between them and Shikamaru, not bothering to disguise my frustration.

“You need to let me go,” I told him, the words coming out colder and lower than I meant
them to.

He scoffed. “Really, that’s what you’re -”

“Shikamaru,” I interrupted impatiently. “You need to let me go, or Chouji’s going to die.” I
paused, trying to work out how to explain how I knew without immediately placing myself
with Orochimaru when the Hokage died - hey, if he wanted to take the fall for that, I wasn’t
going to stop him and given how anonymous ANBU were meant to be I highly doubted
anyone would draw the connection between ANBU Weasel and me - then stopped.
Shikamaru had stiffened. Fists clenched, no sign of his slouch, shock and betrayal in the
whites of his eyes. I stiffened with him, my fingernails digging into my palms just as his did -
but his hands were bigger than mine were. It wasn’t much, but it gave me the freedom to trap
my thumb between the fingers of my left hand, keeping it partly open and fighting against his
shadow control.

“You’re lying,” he accused.

Not having body language made it surprisingly difficult to convey my response to that. I was
aiming for what the fuck, now is not the time, but with only my facial muscles available to me
I think I missed the mark. “No,” I said flatly. “I’m really not. Shift.”

The betrayal didn’t fade. His gaze darted between my eyes but whatever he saw was
apparently enough to convince him I was being honest. He half-stepped, half-sagged back,
hands coming up as though he didn’t know what to do with them.

Below of his line of sight, where I hoped he wouldn’t notice, I curled my fingers into the first
seal of the firefly jutsu. It wasn’t ideal having the seal split across two hands that weren’t
quite connected, but if I was slow enough and careful enough, I could make it work.

I hoped.

“You don’t need rescuing,” he said, bringing my focus back to him. Somewhere between this
statement and the previous one he’d decided to be angry, and I frowned at him in confusion.
“You’re actually here as Konoha’s enemy, Naruto’s - tell me he’s just misunderstood, because
if he’s covering for you -”

My frown deepened into a black scowl. I didn’t want to talk about Naruto. “I’m actually
Konoha’s enemy,” I confirmed mockingly. “Thank you for noticing, I’ve been working on it
for years. I was beginning to think you were all too blind to see.”

“I wasn’t blind.”

“I’m delighted for you. Do you care about Chouji or not? His life hasn’t stopped being on the
line.” Second seal. Ish. It wanted wrist movement, it couldn’t have wrist movement, it would
do.

“How?” I didn’t answer straight away, too much of my attention diverted to fighting his
shadow, but he didn’t seem to be waiting for my response because he continued, “You can’t
move. Whatever you’ve set up, it doesn’t need you to be there. But if you aren’t there, you
can’t stop it.”

Whatever I’d set - what.

My thoughts halted. My face was stone. He thought I was threatening Chouji. He thought I’d
taken him hostage. Of all the people I’d pick, he thought I’d choose Chouji to be the one I’d
kill to save my own skin and escape.
He was still talking. “You’ve got an ally,” he decided, looking an odd cross between ill and
furious at the thought. “You kidnapped Chouji before you came here? Too visible. You hate
visible. You left a sniper with instructions to attack if you weren’t back in time.”

“Don’t think out loud,” I snapped. I’d been Konoha’s enemy from the start, I’d never been
Chouji’s. “That’s how your enemies learn your plans, idiot.” But fine; he wasn’t cooperating,
I didn’t need him to, and I grit my teeth and forced my fingers into the third hand seal.

It was a mistake. He noticed the movement and doubled down with his shadow, regaining
control and locking me in place.

“What plans?” he retorted, spreading his hands out. Whether it was an honest gesture or a
way to keep my fingers too far apart for jutsu, the effect was the same either way. “My plan
to turn you in as a missing nin? What did you expect would happen if you came back?”

“Oh I’m so sorry to be a damn inconvenience to you -”

“An inconvenience? You’re the most self-centered piece of -”

“- but did you fucking forget that Chouji’s going to die -”

“- is he, or are you lying about that too -”

Shino landed beside him soundlessly, dropping down from a rooftop and assessing the
situation with rapid glances to take everything in. He gave a brief nod of acknowledgement to
- god, Tsuki, I’d forgotten she was there; still lying on the floor with her ears back and her
nose tucked miserably under her paws. I bit off the string of swear words I was halfway
through saying and glowered at Shikamaru instead, the awkward guilt of having an argument
in front of someone who was very much still a puppy mixing unpleasantly with the hurt and
anger that was already there.

Through his own bitter combination of whatever the hell he was feeling, Shikamaru glowered
back. It looked really stupid with the way he was still holding his hands out so I’d be unable
to form handseals. Not imposing at all. Piss off, Shikamaru, no one asked you to interfere.

“You requested backup,” Shino asked. Stated. Monotoned. Whichever.

“Yeah.” Shikamaru shook his head, visibly recentering himself and adopting an attempt at his
usual slouch. “Yeah,” he said again, stronger. “She’s trapped, but she’s fighting my shadow, I
can’t let her go until she’s secured. I also need you to send a clone to check on Chouji, from
what she said I have reason to believe there’s a second hostile targeting him.”

A second hostile. Go fuck yourself.

Shino nodded a wordless agreement, and lifted an arm to point in the direction of the
hospital. Kikaichu poured out his sleeve, a steady stream of them that coalesced into an insect
clone. It formed from the feet up, already running before the torso and head had solidified,
and I suppressed a faint shudder of apprehension at the sight.
It wasn’t that I minded bugs. A solid mass of them was just… disconcerting. Particularly if
Shikamaru was relying on Shino for the firepower part of the team that Chouji usually
covered, and I had a sudden need to not find out what an Aburame’s idea of ‘secured’
translated to.

“How many clones can you make?” I blurted, a change of plan rearing its head.

Shino lowered his arm. “Under normal circumstances, several,” he said, giving no sign that
he was talking to someone he’d just been instructed to arrest. From Shikamaru’s bitch face,
this wasn’t what he was meant to do. “Of clones as strong as and with as many kikaichu as
that, one.”

One. I went to nod, then abandoned the movement when I remembered I couldn’t. One, and
if Shikamaru could make corporeal clones, he would’ve already sent one to check on Chouji.
He’d have some clone jutsu, I was sure, but clones that could act independently of the user
weren’t used by everyone, and clones that could do so at a distance were even less common
than that.

I was still three hand seals in to the firefly jutsu. With this long of a delay between the third
and the final seal it’d be messy, but doable. I just needed an opportunity to ignite it.

“Orochimaru’s rigged the village to explode,” I said. Shikamaru inhaled sharply; this wasn’t
what I was meant to do either. He was having a great night, wasn’t he. “He’s been infiltrating
Konoha since the chunin exams under the guise of the Kazekage and has seven explosive
seals rigged to go off in -” I checked the horizon “- approximately seventeen minutes.”

“Are you actually serious. I hate you. Why didn’t you say this earlier.”

“Where?” Shino asked, speaking over Shikamaru. I tried to move my hands; no dice. He
wasn’t distracted enough, and from the warning look he shot me, he’d felt me testing them.

“I don’t know. If I had to guess, six are at the locations of the dead Sound genin he left on
display at the start of the war. The last one -” probably wherever he planned to display the
Hokage’s body “- somewhere suitably dramatic, I’m sure.”

“And one of those six was at the hospital,” Shikamaru concluded grimly. “How do we know
you’re telling the truth?”

I grimaced, but still didn’t look at him. Proof was in somewhat short supply. “Have you ever
known me to lie?”

“Yes,” he said bluntly. I blinked, taken aback. I… didn’t think I had? I mean, I kept Itachi’s
secrets for him, but on the whole I was a shit liar. Even this whole conversation had been
truthful. Maybe creatively interpreted, but I hadn’t lied.

“Well.” What did you say when someone accused you like that? “Well, it’s true. And neither
of you have clones, so if you want to do something about it, you need to scoot.”

“Leaving you free to escape while we do so,” Shino finished for me.
“Bombs, Shino. Big ones. Lots of dead people.”

He nodded, turning expectantly to Shikamaru. When Shikamaru just hesitated, he prompted,
“One missing nin can’t take priority over the many civilians and allies who could be affected
by an attack on that scale.”

“I know,” Shikamaru snapped. “If she’s telling the truth, we have to go. But either she’s
blatantly lying and manipulating us, or she knew that the explosive seals were there and chose
not to say anything earlier. They’re both shit, I don’t know - damnit Sasuke. Why couldn’t
you have stuck with mangoes.”

What. What were the mangoes. Why were there mangoes. “Sorry to disappoint,” I snipped,
“But hurry up. Sun’s rising.”

“Just - fine. You know what, fine.” He reached into his weapon pouch and withdrew a kunai,
spinning it in his hand to a backwards hold.

I did the same and came up with a shuriken.

“If you attempt to make me knock myself out with this shuriken I swear -”

He gripped the kunai tighter in frustration, and carefully maneuvered his hand so I’d drop my
weapon while he kept hold of his. “Shino, can your kikaichu carry messages?”

“Only to other Aburame,” Shino admitted. “I have already sent several to raise the alarm with
any they find.” Fuck. Why. He was supposed to have to go in person, what was I meant to do
now. Shikamaru had started walking towards me, and I was helpless to stop myself walking
towards him in turn. My left hand was firmly in half a tiger seal, but if he didn’t let me put
my hands together to complete it I had no way of controlling whatever fire I managed to
produce. “However,” Shino continued, “I believe it would be prudent if -”

The klaxon sounded. Long pip, short pip, long long short. Long pip, short pip, long long
short. Deafeningly loud, and deafeningly unmistakeable.

The Hokage was dead. Whatever was happening between Orochimaru and the ANBU,
someone had got close enough to confirm it - and they’d have to have been sure. You didn’t
false alarm the Hokage’s death.

Nor did you carry on with your plan to brain your shadow-bound friend-turned-missing nin
with a kunai without at least some reaction; Shikamaru didn’t stumble but he did miss a step,
eyes fixing on me with a horrified kind of realisation. It was the best opening I was going to
get, and with three full seals already formed and one half tiger to finish, I shoved my chakra
into the firefly jutsu and ignited it.

Flames spilled out over my hands, aggressive and dangerously wild. The firefly jutsu was
meant to produce a small, heatless light source, only capable of hurting someone by being too
bright if they looked directly at it. This was anything but. It flowed and spat, puddling on the
ground like an oil slick and throwing globules of molten fire in every direction. Shikamaru’s
shadow retreated, burnt away wherever the light touched it, and I snatched my hand back as
soon as it was mine again, shaking it out with a hiss of pain.

“Kit-ten!” Tsuki yelped, jumping up in agitation. I gestured sharply for her to stay, flexing
my fingers to check I hadn’t caused them any serious damage. I hadn’t, the ANBU gloves
had protected me from the worst of it, but I was lucky. With his mesh shirt and short sleeves,
Shikamaru wasn’t, and the skin of his forearm was red and shiny, already peeling away and
definitely going to scar.

I didn’t look at it. A few of the globules from the butchered firefly jutsu were doing their best
to hover, but the whole thing was unstable and without direct contact to sustain it it was
already dying out. On the other side of it Shikamaru was in a defensive position, wounded
arm cradled against his chest and the other holding the kunai out in front of him with the tip
squarely pointed towards me.

I didn’t have time to be diplomatic.

“Prioritise,” I said flatly. “Bringing me in will take too long. Find the other bombs, or
evacuate, or I don’t care what; just let me get Chouji out and go.”

He didn’t like it, but he was intelligent enough, at least, to know when to concede. He
stepped aside. I didn’t wait to ask him if he was sure.

“Uchiha,” he said, just before I switched. “If he dies -”

“Fuck off, Shikamaru. I’m a traitor, not a piece of shit.”

I left before he answered. The sun was roughly twelve minutes below the horizon, the
hospital was - left. Go left. Switch again, keep out of sight. The village was waking up,
roused to panicked alertness by the klaxon. Ninja poured over the rooftops towards the
Hokage monument and I stayed low and kept to the shadows as I ran the other way. Another
switch; the front entrance to the hospital was too open, but the back was quiet, and Chouji’s
window was just above the beech tree. Swi-

I caught myself on the side of the neighbouring building, hand scraping against the wall as I
came to an abrupt halt. Beetles. Kikaichu. They’d spread out, a huge, thinly dispersed cloud
centered on Chouji’s window as Shino’s clone searched for any threat. He’d been serious,
then, about how many of them he’d sent, and I had no idea how kikaichu worked to guess
how intelligent his clone would be. Could they be reasoned with? Would my genjutsu let me
past? Tsuki had found me under genjutsu. How good was a beetle’s sense of smell?

They spotted me. Every other one flew towards me, condensing into a dark stream as they
rebuilt the clone. They left enough of themselves in the watchful cloud to keep Chouji
protected, and for a moment I wondered if that would leave the clone weakened enough for
me to attack. Stabbing wouldn’t work - even if I killed a few kikaichu at the point of impact,
the swarm as a whole would be unbothered - but grand fireball, surely, would leave a mark.

The clone hovered directly opposite me, feet dangling over nothing and whole body faintly
buzzing and rippling as thousands of tiny wings beat the air to keep it standing in place. The
effect was almost headache-inducing, like one of those optical illusions that starts to move if
you try to focus on it, and with my sharingan on it was an effort to see the overall Shino
rather than each individual insect that he was made up of.

“If you try to stop me,” I told him flatly, “I’ll burn you alive. I’m out of options. Lethal force
is all I’ve got left.”

“I’m not trying to stop you,” he promised, but I noticed he kept a wary distance.

“I’m not going to Orochimaru either,” I warned him, thinking of my earlier theory that he’d
been given a cursed seal in the forest. He wasn’t acting particularly deranged, but he’d also
treated me as less of an enemy than Shikamaru had.

His face darkened at Orochimaru's name. “I wouldn’t help you if you were.” He took a breath
- psyching himself up, buying time, I didn’t know him well enough to tell - then said: “The
Aburame stand with the Uchiha.”

I blinked. “That’s… a loaded statement.” Also not what I was expecting. At all. It. What. “Do
you even know what the Uchiha stand for?”

“No,” he admitted baldly. “Other than that the Uchiha were vocal in their criticism of the
Hokage and his policies, and that from what I have seen of you, you are the same. Your father
is dead, and mine will not act for fear of losing me, but we are not our fathers.” Behind his
sunglasses, he frowned, lifting his head and balling his hands into fists in his pockets. The
whining drone of wing-beats became somehow louder, dissonant and aggressive as the
kikaichu mimicked his conviction. “I’m glad the Sandaime is dead. I’ve known since I was
young what it’s like to lose family to his politics, and now I know what it’s like to lose a
teammate as well. They have Hinata’s byakugan back and consider that enough, they treat
her as an acceptable loss but there’s no proof that she’s even -” He cut himself off, reigning
himself back to his usual level-headed calm. “A colony follows a queen,” he said, “but the
queen is nothing without her colony. I’m loyal to Konoha, but within that restriction: the
Aburame stand with the Uchiha.”

We are not our fathers. My father did everything he could to keep the clan together. He didn’t
want to fight. He searched desperately for another explanation, another way out, and when he
couldn’t find one - he died. The death Itachi had shown me in his Tsukuyomi was staged, but
parts of it were true, and I’d seen enough of my parents’ bodies after he killed them to know
that neither of them fought back when he killed them. Whether death was a release or a bitter,
crushing defeat, it didn’t matter; they’d given up, and they’d died, and Konoha won.

If I hadn’t had more memories than I was meant to have, the truth of Konoha’s actions would
have died when my father did. Itachi was never going to tell. If anyone else in Konoha knew,
they’d never done anything about it, but my dad was hardly one to share the things the clan
had found.

What good did secrets do if you died with them.

“The other one is Danzo,” I said, lifting my head and making eye-contact with Shino’s
glasses. “Be careful. He’s been using a hidden division of ANBU called ROOT to run things
behind the clans’ backs for years, and he has no qualms about killing Konoha shinobi to
make sure he stays in charge.”

His outline rippled in agitation. “Danzo,” he said curtly. “I’m aware of him.”

“If you were aware you’d be dead,” I shot back. “Whatever you think you know is only a
fraction, Shino. ROOT aren’t part of Konoha. They aren’t loyal to Konoha, they don’t follow
the Hokage - if you go looking for them they won’t even exist. You’ll just quietly disappear,
or be killed by a missing nin, or your entire clan will be -”

“I’m aware of him,” he repeated. “Thank you for the warning. Are you here to murder
Chouji?”

I grit my teeth. Had it been a mistake to tell him? He was making himself my ally, but he had
no idea what he was getting into. He wasn’t even a clan head, only an heir, he didn’t have the
authority to form alliances in the first place. Hell, he wasn’t even him. Did alliances count if
they were agreed with a clone made up of thousands of symbiotic invertebrates? Had he
connected the Hokage’s death to me being the one to kill him? How did he know of Danzo in
the first place - and when he said that the Aburame allied with the Uchiha, was he speaking
for himself or had I missed something about his entire clan?

I had approximately eleven minutes left until dawn. Questions would have to wait.

“To rescue him,” I corrected. “You missed that part of the conversation, but the hospital’s
going to explode. So are various other places. I can’t warn anyone because I’m not meant to
be here but Shikamaru and Shino - um, original Shino - know, they’re trying to get people to
safety.” At a guess, or maybe they were trying to get someone to dismantle the seals. I had no
idea where the seals actually were, though they’d have to be hidden pretty well to have
escaped notice so far. Could seals be picked up by the byakugan? Could they be disguised as
something else, or be so condensed down they were basically invisible until they activated?

I shook my head. Now wasn’t the time to get distracted.

“Then I will assist them,” Shino said, already beginning to dissolve. “If that was the threat to
Chouji, there is no need for me to stay here.”

“Yeah, that’s - ok. Um. Bye, then.”

I squinted after the kikaichu as they - and the ones that had been left in the cloud to keep
watch - dispersed into the village, presumably to go back to Shino. There was something
inherently weird about someone talking about themselves in the first person and then being
made up of countless separate creatures. Did Shino gain the clone’s memories like Naruto
would if a clone dispelled? Had the clone even dispelled, given that it had reformed itself out
of a cloud once already? How had it been able to talk in the first place?

But again: getting distracted could wait. Whatever else Shino and Shikamaru were doing, I
still needed to get Chouji out. I turned away from the kikaichu, leaving them to warn
whoever they saw fit, and made for the window with a single-minded determination.
Chapter End Notes



    Naruto: I refuse to believe you would do bad things
    Sasuke: I’m literally telling you I’m about to commit treason, why does no one listen
    when I say things??
    Shikamaru: I believe you would do bad things
    Sasuke: no not like that
                                    Chapter 48: Regicide arc: IV
Chapter Notes



      ... Hey look, it's Friday.


See the end of the chapter for more notes



   Chouji was awake when I climbed soundlessly onto the windowsill. I’d’ve been worried if he
   wasn’t given how deafeningly loud the klaxon was, but hospital patients were expected to
   stay put unless the village was under direct attack. Which it was. Someone should probably
   update the distress code. Someone who wasn’t me, I had different priorities to focus on.

   I scanned the room, checking if any of Shino’s kikaichu had stayed behind, and only dropped
   my henge when I was sure that Chouji was alone. It didn’t take him long to notice me once I
   did.

   “Sasuke?” he asked, standing up in surprise.

   “Me,” I agreed. The lock on the window barely counted as a lock, just a hook on the inside to
   keep it shut. Ninjas; a bad lock was the same as no lock, and a good one was just a challenge
   for bored patients on bed rest. Easier - cheaper - to not have one at all, and to open the
   window all I had to do was slide one of my thinner shuriken between the glass and the frame
   and lift the hook out of place. “We need to go. The hospital’s a target, it’s not safe to stay.”

   His gaze darted between me and the village behind me. “Go where?”

   “Anywhere that isn’t here.” I checked the sun, and shifted agitatedly on my heels at how
   close dawn was. “Now, Chouji. Come on.”

   “I’m coming,” he promised. He also moved slowly over to the bed, careful not to overtax his
   stiff muscles as he collected his things from the bedside table.

   I nearly screamed.

   “Hey, what happened to your cat?”

   “My cat?” I repeated in disbelief. “Since when have I ever had a cat? And can we talk about
   imaginary pets later when imminent death isn’t literally inches below the horizon?”

   “The brown one,” he continued, entirely unphased. “Tabby? I’m not sure on cat colours. The
   one you gave me to hold when that genin threatened us.”

   What the fuck. “Gaara? You mean when - that was Tora. I know you know Tora, everyone
   knows Tora because she escapes every fecking day. She’s an inspiration to us all. Get.”
The stiffness vanished, as did any interest he had in the small bag he’d supposedly been
packing. “Sorry, sorry, I wasn’t sure it was you.”

“Plus ten for caution, negative four thousand for timing,” I grumped, somewhat mollified by
his explanation. “The hospital’s on an explosive seal, we need to not be here. Preferably
yesterday, now will suffice.”

“Did the evacuation alarm not work? Or is -” he tilted his head in a general, non-specific
direction to indicate the klaxon that was still wailing throughout the village. “I thought that
one was for the Hokage?”

“It is. The Sandaime’s dead, Orochimaru’s here, lots of death is about to occur but you’re not
going to be part of it. How much chakra do you have access to at the moment?”

“None of my techniques,” he answered, and started withdrawing back into the room. “There’s
an alarm point in the corridor. If the hospital’s going to blow up we need to let people know.”

“Wait, there isn’t time -” I reached for him, but he was surprisingly quick, and unsurprisingly
not happy with the idea of leaving the other patients and staff to die.

“We can’t not try,” he insisted.

I bit off my instinctive response to that. I was a missing nin. My priorities were to save
Chouji, save myself, and run. Stopping to play hero really didn’t factor into any part of that,
and if I was sensible I’d either ignore the way Chouji was stubbornly aiming for the door and
abandon him to it, or get him out by force and not care about anyone else.

Except.

“I’ll do it,” I said, dropping into the room. “You go. There’s a tree just below us - don’t touch
the trunk, but if you’ve not got much chakra the branches are an easier way down than wall-
walking.”

“I can come with you,” he started. I scowled at him, physically turning him round and
pushing him towards the window.

“Don’t test me,” I warned. “You said you had no techniques, that makes you a rescue-ee not a
rescuer. Get to safety or so fucking help me, I’m going to knock you unconcious and carry
you there. Clear?”

“Clear,” he repeated, with a faint smile. “And… Sasuke? You’ll tell me after what’s going
on?”

“Dawn’s ten minutes away,” I said instead of answering the question. “Scram, Chouji.”

He nodded, and after a final look back at me, lifted himself out onto the windowsill, and left.
I stayed staring after him for too long, then shook myself and went to the door. There wasn’t
going to be an after. He’d hear about it from the others, see the burn scar I’d left Shikamaru
with, and draw his own conclusions. And if I wanted him to remember me as the person who
listened to him and tried to help the other people in the hospital, well, that was on me. He was
my first friend - for five years, my only friend - and… and, I don’t know. I didn’t want him to
hate me like everyone else would. I just. I’d burnt a lot of bridges, I wanted to be able to kid
myself that I’d kept one alive.

I also wanted to save him, save me, and run, so in light of that I reapplied my henge and
padded silently into the corridor. The alarm point was by the stairwell. I didn’t meet anyone
on my way to it - I didn’t expect to, either - but I did hear sounds coming from a couple of the
rooms I passed. The alarm itself was a simple seal inked on a piece of chakra-paper and stuck
to the wall, with an extensive list of fines outlined underneath for setting it off outside an
emergency. If I was lucky, people would evacuate via the windows, but I kept my attention
on the occupied rooms and the door to the stairwell just in case while I channeled chakra to
my fingers and held them against the seal to activate it.

The seal didn’t activate. Not that one, at least. The paper it was written on dissolved. My
chakra flooded into a second, hidden matrix and down through the floor; I snatched my hand
back and turned to run -

And the building detonated around me.

                                              ___

Interlude: Dead Hokage on the Hokage mountain with his village spread out before him

The hospital went first. A chain of smaller explosions, spreading both up and down from the
fourth floor; they took out load-bearing walls, smashed glass, and acted as flash-bombs to
disorientate anyone still inside. In the seconds it took them to reach the foundation, the
hospital became an unstable death trap. One final explosion as the largest, ground-level seal
went off, and the whole building listed to the side and collapsed.

From the top of the tallest stone hair-spike on the Sandaime’s mountain head, Orochimaru
raised an eyebrow and watched.

“Tut tut, Sasuke-chan,” he said, clicking his tongue against his teeth in disapproval. “Greed is
an ugly trait. We’ll need to teach you to accept what you’re given, you’ll be difficult if you
get used to asking for more.”

Dawn was still below the horizon, though not by much. The sky in the east was a pale-
washed blue-green, fading to an orange glow; the few clouds were dark silhouettes softly
outlined in pink. A few minutes, perhaps, until the sun finally appeared. The first wave of
responders to the attack on the Hokage had been successfully driven off - even ANBU, it
seemed, could work out when they needed to regroup and wait for backup - and the morning
chill carried a feeling of calm and anticipation that Orochimaru was loathe to interrupt.

Well. It did at the top of the Hokage monument, at least. Down in the village the combination
of the klaxon and the explosion had incited a panicked alertness that left the streets swarming
with ninja, but that only added to his general air of satisfaction.

“I wish you could see it, Sensei,” he said, reaching out to rest a hand on the doton pillar he’d
impaled the Sandaime’s corpse against. “I made a set of barrier seals specially for you so you
wouldn’t be able to help them, just stand here and watch them fall.” He hummed, tilting his
head to the side. “Although. I wanted to show you the Edo Tensei too, there might not’ve
been time for sightseeing.”

A flare of chakra by the village gates made him narrow his eyes. He’d assumed Sasuke
would be at the hospital to collect her Akimichi herself. It wasn’t impossible that he’d
misjudged how she’d act - she’d surprised him before, it was one of the things he appreciated
about her - but he didn’t think… Ah. The chakra flared again, an indiscriminate rage of
killing intent that only a bijuu could produce. In the shadow of it, barely discernible at this
distance but recogniseable from its familiarity, came the whisper-scale feel of a snake being
summoned, one of the mid-sized ones that were large enough to fight.

Karin. And the jinchuuriki Sasuke insisted on carting around with her, but he was of lesser
value. Bijuu chakra was just so crude. A blunt and unrefined instrument, difficult to work
with and producing lacklustre results when Orochimaru tried. Granted, living chakra
constructs were an interesting concept, and the way they could reform after their physical
form was destroyed was useful as inspiration if nothing else - but the reality of them was a
frustrating waste of potential that he didn’t care to bother with again. The sharingan’s abilities
to manipulate death, Sasuke as living evidence that souls could be permanently reattached,
Karin’s chakra and the vitality it carried within it; these were far better avenues of research.

But: research was for a later date. “I put so much effort into planning this for you, it seems a
shame not to enjoy it now it’s here,” he said, adjusting Hiruzen’s head so his sightless, ruined
eyes were looking over the village. “Dawn is close enough. Sasuke-chan’s little group is
making quite a scene, I’d hate to be upstaged.”

Jiraiya landed on the mountain with a sharp tap of his wooden sandals. Behind him, ANBU
and jounin fanned out, creating a thick ring of people cutting Orochimaru off from any
escape. Backup had arrived.

Orochimaru’s mouth thinned.

“Jiraiya,” he acknowledged, voice soured with annoyance. “How tedious of you to drop by.
Did you come to watch the show?”

In answer, Jiraiya widened his stance. He didn’t - yet - summon any of his toads, but from the
way his eyes darted first to the other ninja around them then to the open space behind the
Hokage monument, it was clear why he was holding back.

“Come to get in the way,” Orochimaru amended distastefully. “You’ve never been able to
beat me one on one, what’s the point in trying now?”

“Retrieve Sarutobi-sama,” Jiraiya instructed the ANBU next to him. She nodded, hands
already tapping out staccato commands to her squad as she calculated a strategy. To the
jounin on his other side, Jiraiya said, “Protect the village. His widest-reaching area jutsu are
mud and water. Once he’s beyond the village limits, make sure he can’t come back.”

“Ignoring me? Childish. I thought Sensei was the one who turned blind eyes to people, not
you.”
Jiraiya’s expression hardened. So did his hair, the long ponytail solidifying into needle-spikes
in preparation for the fight. “You had all the attention in the world,” he said. “It still was
never enough.”

The first ray of sunlight lifted over the horizon.

“You still think I wanted attention,” Orochimaru shot back. He slid one foot behind himself,
and pooled chakra in the palm of his right hand. “I’d tell you how wrong you were, but the
words are too long for you to understand.”

Something flashed across Jiraiya’s face - pain, frustration, old wounds never given chance to
heal - before he pushed it aside and replaced it with the grim determination to do what was
best for the village and bury his feelings inside. His hands started moving, the first seals of a
swamp jutsu that would force Orochimaru into the air to evade it. Before he could finish it,
Orochimaru slammed his chakra-laden palm to the ground.

“Earth release: swamp of the -”

“Detonate!”

The ground beneath them shattered. Huge chunks of rock were violently wrenched into the
air, followed by a scorching, mushrooming fireball as the incendiary explosions caught. The
chakra pulse kept going, shooting out from the monument and into the village in six clearly
visible glowing threads - one to the hospital, though that explosion was already spent; one to
the academy, to the Hokage tower, to the gates where Gaara and Karin were doing their best
to break through. One to the civilian market, burning through the store rooms dug into the
ground below it where the damp earth kept food supplies cool, one to the centre of the largest
residential district where families were huddled in fear as the klaxon continued to sound.

One after the other in inevitable, horrifying succession, the targets blew up. Whatever meagre
evacuation efforts Shino and Shikamaru had managed to put in place with the short notice
Sasuke had given them, they weren’t enough. People died. People died, and the central
administration of the village fell, and Konoha had tried so hard to keep the war outside her
walls but Orochimaru had always meant them to suffer and if Hiruzen had still been alive
then perhaps he’d even tell him why -

He backflipped out the way of the bullet of flaming toad-oil Jiraiya spat at him, mouth
already opening to bring out his sword to parry. Hiruzen was dead. So was a good portion of
his village, or in the process of becoming, and with the majority of Konoha’s forces still
holding the border between Fire and Rice, the survivors had no chance of keeping
Orochimaru from getting away. Sasuke was either caught in the mess of the hospital or well
on her way to escaping, and for the time being, Orochimaru was inclined to let her. Giving
her cause to follow through with her threat to destroy her eyes would be an undesirable
outcome, and not one that at present he had the means to circumvent. The delay was a
setback, but not an unsurmountable one; better for her to realise - with assistance - how
unforgiving the world was to missing nin and come to him of her own volition than to force
her into a corner she did something foolish to get out of.
In the meantime though, it’d been too long since Orochimaru’d rubbed Jiraiya’s face in how
completely outclassed he was. It seemed a waste to ignore the opportunity when it had so
neatly presented itself.

                                               ___

The aftershocks from the second round of explosions subsided. I huddled in a tightly curled
ball, my limbs tucked underneath me as though my spine were any better at shrugging off
rubble than my legs were. My hands were plastered defensively over my face, palms
covering my eyes and my thumbs digging painfully into my temples. I don’t know what I was
expecting them to do. If I couldn’t see the danger, it didn’t exist? That was. I mean, it wasn’t
the smartest thing I’d ever done.

It still took me far too long to get round to moving them away.

“That,” I said hoarsely, grimacing at the dust in my teeth, “was fucking unpleasant.” I stifled
the urge to cough. My throat was dry and the air felt gritty and coarse against it, but if I
started coughing I’d just irritate it further and I didn’t have any water to soothe it. “Why do I
sound weird. Why do I - if you screwed up my ears Orochimaru, I’m going to end you. Who
rigs a detonation trap to the fucking -” I broke off, concentrating on breathing for a second
and trying to suck my tongue for whatever saliva I could manage. It helped. A fraction. “The
fucking alarm. That’s just. That’s a dick move. Who does that.”

What if I’d actually died? Where would he get his sharingan from then, did he stop to think
of that? Or was I so predictable that he’d somehow known I’d only try to get Chouji out, and
not think of warning anyone else? Which. Was true, kind of, but I didn’t like what it said
about me.

“Focus,” I told myself. I was still in the same awkwardly hunched kneeling position, what
felt like half the building pressing down against my back. The floor beneath me was uneven,
a jagged edge of broken tile digging painfully into my shin. I wasn’t being crushed, but when
I tried to shift my weight to find a more comfortable position the assorted debris above me
shuddered with an alarming groan.

I froze. Maybe my spine wasn’t the strongest shield in the world, but I’d much rather hold the
building up with my shoulders than with my head. If the haphazardly piled debris I was
kneeling on slipped at all I’d go sprawling, and I didn’t want to think about what would
happen to me then.

“So,” I said, barely above a whisper, “So, don’t move then. That’s fine. How hard is that, just
stay in one place. What’s the worst that could - no, nope, don’t ask that, that’s not a thing we
want to know.”

I tried to distract myself by wondering if anyone else had got out. If anyone was trapped like
I was and shouting for help, I couldn’t hear them, but that might have been more to do with
the general fuzziness and background ringing that had taken up residence in my ears than
anything else. Hopefully Chouji had stayed clear. Chouji better have stayed clear. Oh god,
what if Chouji hadn’t stayed clear. This was a shit way to distract myself. Fuck.
Fuck.

I swallowed.

“I would really like, please, to go back three hours and start this day over. Night over.” My
voice was tight. The dust was getting in my eyes and making them sting, but I’d moved my
hands to brace against the ground and support my torso, and I didn’t dare move them back.
“It’s ok, the Hokage doesn’t need to be dead. I can find another way to make Itachi part of the
clan again. One that doesn’t end up trapped in a building that’s waiting to flatten me. A better
way. I can -”

Somewhere to my left, something gave way. I didn’t see it, but I heard it, and felt the sudden
increase in pressure as the weight over my shoulders got noticeably heavier. My heartrate
rocketed, but when nothing else happened I grit my teeth and shook my head.

“I take it back,” I said, face twisting into a grimace. “If I had this night again the only thing
I’d do differently would be to not wake Naruto up so he couldn’t interfere. Dead Hokage is
good Hokage. Chouji’s not an idiot, he wouldn’t run into an explosion. I’m still alive. Bad
thoughts don’t help. No space for bad thoughts. Only space for surviving. Get a grip.”

Frustration, even at myself, was a much safer emotion than misplaced regret. My current
position was precarious at best, but if I turned my head just slightly, I could see an air pocket
under a twisted girder that looked stable enough to aim for. More stable than where I was, at
least, and I reached for a piece of broken wall, took a breath, and switched.

The floor beneath me gave way as I landed. The loose rubble skidded aside and I let out a
startled yelp as I lost balance and everything on top of me came clattering down. Girder not
stable. Bad plan. Bad plan. I switched again, blindly, desperately, scraping my knee raw
against broken concrete in the process. One of the hospital machines fell across my leg and I
kicked it viciously away, sharingan straining in the darkness to see any way out that I could
escape through. All I needed was a crack. What was the point of super-vision and the ability
to magically teleport through the tiniest little spaces if the tiniest little spaces didn’t fucking
exist.

I ended up in a doorway. It wasn’t great - the door had had a glass window in it which was
now in jagged shards on the floor - but the ground didn’t move and the ceiling was obligingly
not falling down. It would do. I allowed myself a moment to curl up against the wooden
frame, legs to my chest, arms around my shins, face buried in the narrow dip between my
knees. There was only one dawn. The explosions had gone off and there weren’t going to be
any more. I still had my air pocket of safety. I was good. I’d find a way out - in a bit. I just. In
a bit.

I’d need another strategy for Itachi anyway. He thought I was worthless. It’s not like he was
going to believe I’d actually done anything if Orochimaru was out there taking credit, and I
was running short of kages to get his attention with. Hell, depending on how overkill
Orochimaru had been, I could be running short of Konoha to get his attention with. Arguably
I should be happy about that given how much I hated the place, but rampant destruction and
indiscriminate murder wasn’t really the goal I was aiming for. It was the administration that
needed to go, not the people.
The building creaked alarmingly.

I tensed, lifting my head and bracing myself. Orochimaru had definitely said all the
explosions would go off at dawn. I’d felt them, dawn had been and gone, so what the hell was
happening now. I strained my hearing; the ringing had receded, thankfully, but it was hard to
tell how much of the fuzziness remained and how much was just sounds being muffled by
everything around me. There was… something happening, either too far away or too small
for me to pick much up. Not more explosions. I didn’t think? Thuds, impacts, like earth-
shaking jutsu being thrown around for the hell of it. Literally earth-shaking, even if only
slightly, which would be a lot less alarming if I was somewhere a lot less shakeable.

“If I die to a battle I’m not even fighting in, I’m going to flip. Fuck!” Down to the left of me,
a whole section of crumbled wall caved in. I flinched, moving automatically into a better
position to dodge from, and kept my eyes trained on it. A stray metal handrail clattered as it
fell by the cave in, and I stared in trepidation, all my senses focussed on the shifting-
scrabbling-whining as the -

Wait.

“Urushi?”

There was a pause, then he barked and the scrabbling picked up in earnest. I choked out a
laugh, skidding away from the pile I’d been sitting on and falling to my knees by the hole he
was making. “Urushi,” I repeated. “Oh my god I love you, you genius dog,
perfect perfect person you’re the best thing to ever happen in my life and I’ll never invade the
village without you ever again.” I moved aside what bits I could, knocking on the wall with
my fist to direct him to areas that were safe to dig at and doing my best to shore up the parts
that weren’t. It was slow progress at first, neither of us built for the brute strength required to
break through, then my steady string of praises and nonsense was interrupted by black seals
spreading through the cracks around one of the larger pieces of wall.

I leaned back defensively, but it only took a second for the blocky, square script to resolve
itself into something I could read. Barrier, it said - or, the gist of it said - and when it had
completely encircled the piece of wall and made sure nothing would collapse around it,
someone punched a hole through the middle of it from the other side.

I switched with the first thing I saw and landed in a messy, achy sprawl.

“You’re amazing,” I said, pushing myself unsteadily to a sitting position and searching for
Urushi. “Have I ever told you how much I - Sakura.”

I held myself still, blinking up at her in surprise. Urushi trotted up next to me, tail wagging,
so I hadn’t been wrong in hearing him. I just, clearly, hadn’t been the only one.

“Honestly?” Sakura said, staring back at me with an expression I didn’t know how to
interpret. “I’m not actually sure you did. You’re bad at telling people things, Sasuke-chan.”

“I always thought it was the other way round,” I said around a suddenly dry mouth. How
much did she know? How much had she worked out for herself? I had no idea what she was
thinking. “I tell people too much. Life would be so much easier if I could keep my mouth
shut.”

Her eyes narrowed. “So it’s true? What you said to Naruto?”

Um. That could encompass a lot of things. “I don’t make a habit of lying?” I hazarded.
“Unless you ask Shikamaru, but there’s your mistake to begin with.”

“That you were going to kill the Hokage. They’re saying Orochimaru did it, but no one’s got
an official report either way.”

Oh. Well, no, there wouldn’t have been an official report yet. The klaxon had stopped, but
that was probably because it got blown up along with half the village. Maybe not quite half.
Because it got blown up along with several key areas that both caused major disruption to the
village’s core structure and carried a hefty body count, but Konoha was a big village. It didn’t
come to half.

Stalling wasn’t helping.

“How did you know I was here?”

She took my avoidance for the answer it was. For a moment she faltered, eyes narrowing,
then widening in disbelief, then blinking shut as she swallowed and clenched her jaw. It
didn’t last - it lasted such a short period I almost wasn’t sure I’d seen it, except my sharingan
didn’t miss things - and a second later, she was back to a clipped practicality. “Shino warned
us you were headed this way. We found Chouji out the front; he told us you were inside, but
until Urushi turned up I didn’t know where.” She grimaced, and added, “Apparently you told
Tsuki not to find you and she took it literally. If Urushi hadn’t -”

Nope. No thank you. I’d had enough emotion for one day. “Yeah, well, he did. What are you
going to do now? Stop me using my eyes so I can’t run away? Seize my muscles and try to
knock me out with my own weapons? Force me to the floor with a sheet of fire then
electrocute me so I can’t stand, that was a good one. I mean, I already dropped a building on
me, I’ve done most of the work for you.”

Chouji came jogging round the corner, though from his angle he wasn’t able to see me.
“Sakura? Did you find her?”

Sakura glanced at me. I couldn’t help it; I shook my head, almost flinching away. I’d said
goodbye to Chouji. I’d said goodbye to him twice and I couldn’t do it again. I didn’t expect
her to listen to me, but without breaking eye contact, she raised her voice.

“Not yet. Try the other side? Tsuki’s tracking survivors.”

“Other side,” he agreed, turning and determinedly heading to help.

I stared. I… hadn’t anticipated that? Unless she didn’t want him to stop her arresting me.
Pulverising me? I still couldn’t read her. She took a step closer and Urushi moved to block
her, hackles up in an uncertain growl. I hesitated, but pushed him aside, and when Sakura
offered her hand, I warily took it and let her pull me to my feet.

“You need to go,” she said flatly.

I blinked.

“Go,” she repeated. “The front gates got attacked. Naruto went that way in case it was
anything to do with you, so choose a different direction, and leave.”

I stepped back, not sure I’d understood her correctly. If I hadn’t, then… I could fight.
Probably. I was bruised and sore and the dull fuzziness in my ears had progressed to an
irritating throb at the base of my skull, but my knee didn’t do more than twinge when I asked
it to take my weight, so. If she changed her mind, I could at least retaliate enough to get
away.

She didn’t seem to change her mind. Urushi pressed himself against my legs, positioning
himself so that if I switched I’d easily take him with me, but I didn’t switch. I’d used a lot of
chakra already and if Sakura was going to let me go, it made more sense to run instead and
conserve energy - except I didn’t run either.

“You aren’t stopping me,” I checked. “This is - if I go, I’m not coming back. I’m a missing
nin, I’m not part of the team anymore.”

“What team?” she shot back. “You’re already a missing nin.” She shook her head, the loose
strands that had escaped her braid sticking to the sweat around her headband. “It’s my job to
keep you alive. Konoha would kill you if they caught you, so I’ll do what I can to make sure
they don’t, but that’s it. Go, and stay gone. You don’t get anything else from me.”

Even then, I didn’t. Somewhere over what remained of the Hokage mountain, someone was
throwing out S-class jutsu like they were part of a festival show. Three guesses who. And I’d
been right earlier that there’d been a seventh bomb; it had been in the Sandaime’s head,
obliterating the entire top half and leaving only a single ear and part of the jawline and cheek
behind. The Shodai and Nidaime weren’t affected - much, the Nidaime seemed to have
gained a large crack across his headpiece that he hadn’t had before - but the Yondaime had
been caught either in the explosion or by the falling chunks of rock that followed it. He was
missing his nose, three of his hair spikes, and a vertical gash out of his lips and chin.

Orochimaru and Jiraiya’s battle on the mountain had drawn in the majority of the village’s
higher ranked ninja for support. They were too far to see clearly even for my sharingan but I
could pick out the black and white ANBU armour, at least. Closer to hand, the genin and
retired ninja who formed the village’s skeleton support were crawling over the wreckage of
the hospital, thankfully too distracted searching for survivors to pay much attention to
anything else. Several were digging out medical equipment and field kits, and one of the
older med nins was dispatching teams to take the supplies to the other bomb sites to treat the
wounded there. As I watched, a chunin I recognised as one of the other teachers at the
academy shunshinned up to him, reporting on the status of the evacuation to the caves and
requesting a doton user in case the explosions had made any of them unsafe.
The med nin rattled off a name, then stopped himself with a curse. Not her. She’s dead. Try
someone else instead.

“Your job,” I repeated hollowly, tearing myself away and focusing back on Sakura again.
“That’s it? You don’t have a job. You’re a genin, same as the rest of us. Why do you have to
be responsible for anyone except yourself?” Unspoken, because I didn’t know how to bring it
up: I just killed the Hokage. Your job isn’t to help me escape.

“Because someone had to be and Kakashi wasn’t there.” She crossed her arms, too stubborn
to turn away even though I could tell she wanted to. Or - maybe I was misreading her.
Stubborn is what I would be, maybe she was just too brave. “I don’t know what you want
from me. I don’t know why you find the concept of friends so hard to understand, why
everything has to be clan or team or whatever other stupid construct you’ve decided defines
how people interact with each other. I don’t know why you freak out when we say we love
you or why you’d rather run away from us than let us help you. I don’t know, and you’ve
made it clear that you don’t want to tell me, so fine: I’ll pretend I didn’t see you, and I won’t
report what you came here to do. But -” She cut herself off, a tight, clipped motion that
involved her twisting her wrist like she wanted her chainsaws out, and when she started again
her voice was steadier. “But that’s it. Don’t expect anything else. Don’t come back. Don’t
assume I’ll help you again. Don’t… just. Don’t. Please.”

The sharingan picked up on facial movements so small, people didn’t know they were
making them. It wasn’t quite a lie detector, but in a way it was, and Sakura meant what she
said. If she was conflicted, she wasn’t letting herself show it. Did she know, I wondered,
where the bombs had gone off? She lived in the residential district. I’d never visited her
house, but I knew which way she walked to go home. I hoped her dad was ok. I hoped
Shikamaru had managed to save people. I hoped Shino’s bugs had got the warnings to the
right places in time. I hoped a lot of things, but hoping didn’t do anything, so I dropped my
hand down and rested my fingers on Urushi’s head to warn him we were about to leave.

“I didn’t join Orochimaru,” I promised her. “I swear. The explosions were nothing to do with
me.” She didn’t answer, but I wasn’t waiting for her to. If Urushi had got in, that meant the
barrier seal was down so the safest way out would be over the wall and rendezvous with the
others in the forest. I turned, mentally debating which section of wall would be easiest, and
prepared to go.

By the gates, just beyond my range of vision, a column of flames erupted up into the sky.
They glowed with the uniform, unnatural red of bijuu chakra, forming a solid mass that
warped and reshaped itself into a grinning fox head. As both Sakura and I stared in horror the
flames condensed, wrapping themselves around the figure that leapt up into the air to meet
them; they formed a cloak, two distinct ears, and a grasping, prehensile tail.

Naruto turned himself in the air and rocketed back down to the ground, chakra-shrouded fist
aimed down and a hail of clones flickering into view alongside him.

“Holy fuck,” I mumbled. “That’s a lot more than claws and fangs.”

“That’s the worst way to keep a secret I’ve ever seen,” Sakura hissed, already turning to run
towards the gate. “What is he thinking.”
  I fell in alongside her automatically, distractedly noticing how she adjusted her pace to match
  mine until I was confident enough in my muscles to push for full speed. “Does he ever think
  when he’s being growly?” I asked rhetorically. “Wait - how do you know what the secret is?
  Did he finally get round to telling someone?”

  She shot me an incredulous look.

  “Yeah, no, fair. Pots and kettles, I’ll shut up.”

  “He didn’t need to tell me,” she said. “I have eyes. So do most people in the village, I can’t
  believe he’d use it where so many people could see.” Nor could I, not unless he was losing
  without it - though admittedly he might be more on edge now than he usually was. I glanced
  behind us, but Orochimaru was still occupied with Jiraiya on the mountain so Naruto wasn’t
  fighting him. They’d progressed to a Manda-Gamabunta face-off, which, from the looks of it,
  would have gone easily in Manda’s favour if there hadn’t been a continuous stream of ANBU
  and jounin wearing him down and getting in the way. We focussed so much on individuals
  and three-man teams that it was hard to remember, sometimes, how powerful a larger group
  could be; Orochimaru’s attacks were still devastating and unstoppable, but Manda seemed to
  have lost a chunk of scales to one of Gamabunta’s flaming-oil bullets and his rage was
  turning him into more of a hindrance than a help.

  Not enough that Orochimaru would lose, but enough to make victory painful, and viciously, I
  hoped Jiraiya made it hurt. But; not our battle, and not the direction we were running
  towards. “Gaara,” I guessed, flicking my eyes down to check with Urushi. He dipped his
  head in acknowledgement, and I balled my hands into fists and fought the urge to curse. “I
  left him and Karin outside. He said he’d attack the gates if shit started exploding but I didn’t
  actually expect it to happen.”

  “Gaara and Karin,” Sakura repeated grimly. “Your two friends from the exam. Joy. What are
  the chances you can talk them down without someone dying?”

  “They’re not the ones going bijuu in public, but sure, why not.” Not more than usual,
  anyway; Gaara didn’t count unless he was actively stepping back for Shukaku to take the
  helm. “You sit on your teammate, I’ll collect mine, we’ll promise to meet up again sometime
  and sayonara into the sunset, it’ll be great. Sunrise. Good grief, why is there a whole rest of
  the day to survive after this.”

  She shot me an exasperated look but didn’t reply; we’d reached the gates, and both shifted to
  battle-alertness in preparation for splitting up the death match ahead.



Chapter End Notes



    Sakura: We're enemies
    Sasuke: Yep
    Sakura: Letting you go is the last thing I'll do as your teammate
Sasuke: Honestly, more than I expected
Sakura: Definitely enemies then
Sasuke: Definitely

sakura & sasuke, two seconds later: ffs naruto stay there, your teammates are coming to
help

Hey Mimi! What's up with disappearing on us for over a year with no warning and only
three chapters of the fic left to go?
I have no idea. I am a shambles of a human being. If anyone works out why I do the
things I do, please let me know. But! The final three chapters are written, so keep an eye
out on Fridays - after this one there's two more left to come! And thank you so much to
everyone who's been leaving comments; these periodic little reminders that people were
still enjoying the fic and still looking for the resolution are entirely why I got my act
together enough to complete it. So <3 to all of you, and thank you for your patience!
                                       Chapter 49: Regicide arc: V
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   Interlude: ANBU Hound, who in his efficiency misses the human element that Kakashi would
   not

   Hound didn’t find Sasuke in Iron. He didn’t expect to; the country was large and the
   mountain ranges cutting through it meant what roads there were were winding and indirect.
   The samurai that lived there had spent generations carving steps into the steep cliffs and
   building bridges across the narrow valleys between them and they guarded these stone
   lifelines with a fervour that would take most ninja by surprise; high passes were flanked by
   watch towers, valleys overlooked by fortified outposts, and the few scattered non-military
   settlements were large and ringed by multiple layers of wall.

   Iron knew it was a sword-wielding country in a land dominated by chakra-powered ninja. It
   took great precautions to be able to stay that way.

   Avoiding the roads was difficult. Many of the mountains were covered in ice, even this far
   into summer, and the constant cycle of meltwater dripping into cracks in the cliffs during the
   day and freezing and expanding overnight meant that lower, warmer areas were at risk of
   avalanches and sudden rockfalls. The wind was bitter and biting, funnelling through and
   around the peaks in a way that drove even the most prepared of ninja to seek shelter to avoid
   it, and no vendor in their right mind would sell survival gear to a pair of children. Even if
   Sasuke had posed as an adult or attempted to steal again she’d be asked for papers and
   authorisation that she wouldn’t know how to fake, and shinobi - even young ones - would
   face a strict punishment if they were caught.

   If Hound had the time, he’d get the papers he needed. Not under his own name, nor in any
   way that could tie him back to Konoha, but samurai were pragmatic and willing to be tolerant
   of hunter nin if they had to be. They’d grant him passage on their roads, give him access to
   any updates they had on Sasuke’s whereabouts, and, once she was caught, escort the both of
   them to the border to leave. If nothing else, it would be useful to know for sure that she’d
   made it through the country without being captured at any point.

   Hound didn’t have the time. Sasuke would not have an easy journey passing through the
   mountains, but he did not anticipate her being captured. She was fast and resourceful; the
   unfamiliar terrain would slow her down, and Gaara’s capabilities were unknown, but Hound’s
   mission had the greatest chances of success if he waited for her at Sound than anywhere else.

   He left Iron as unobtrusively as he’d entered it, running through the night with Uhei keeping
   pace.
Rice. The foothills of Iron, tall and rounded with wide swathes of flooded river deltas cutting
between them on their way to the sea. A poor country, too fertile to be overlooked by the
conquering armies of the past, too weakly defended to drive them off. The marshlands of
northern Fire country used to belong to Rice, as did the stretch of shoreline that now formed
Hot Water’s north coast. The fact that Rice as a country survived at all was down to the
network of tunnels and caves that threaded through it, allowing both ninja and civilians to
wage a guerilla war against the invading armies and make victory too bloody to be worth the
cost.

Sound had adopted the principle to heart. The village - if it could be called that - had no
centre, but instead spread through the underground system like a stringy, patchy virus. Every
base was temporary, every soldier expendable; booby traps were common and suicide
techniques considered the norm.

It took Hound three days to find the information he needed. Only two types of structures
among the many bases Sound operated from were permanent; the prisons, and the
laboratories. Of the prisons, there were two kinds: those that kept dissidents and criminals,
and those that kept Orochimaru’s favoured guests and test subjects.

Hound discarded the first. However much one informant delighted in describing the death
matches to him, he wasn’t interested in petty thugs and c-ranked missing nin competing for a
madman’s favour. He cut her throat to thank her for her time and moved on.

Of the labs, there were many. There were even whispers of a purpose-built island being
planned to house some of the grander equipment that didn’t fit in the old tunnels, though the
plan was on hold until after the war was done. Most labs were small, tailored to specific
experiments or designed around housing specific individuals. Among those that Hound could
find records or rumours for were a boy who could turn into water and a demon prone to
flying into a murderous rage; none seemed designed with a sharingan user in mind. He
abandoned that avenue and tried again.

Gamanuma had claimed that Sasuke was going to Sound in search of Karin. Assuming Gaara
was giving her directions, Hound needed to find the base that the Sound and Sand ninja that
had attacked the camp had been staying in. He found several - the advantage of summoning
your allies by snake-summons was that they didn’t need to share the same starting place - and
investigated each one with ruthless efficiency. Still nothing. No sign of Sasuke, no sign of
Karin; he had confirmation that Karin had been seen in several of the Sound bases, that
Orochimaru had taken a personal interest in her, and that she’d been present on the battlefield
but hadn’t been seen since. He had no further leads, except to keep working methodically
through Sound’s bases until he reached the one he needed.

What if, Kakashi thought, slumped against a wall and pretending to be a newly arrested
prisoner from Mist while Uhei scouted. What if he’d missed her. What if Gamanuma was
wrong. What if Itachi had intercepted her, what if she’d been trapped in the ice in Iron, what
if she’d never been headed to Sound at all. What if he didn’t find her. What if he was wasting
his time and she needed him but he wasn’t there, what if he failed her again.

His mission was to ensure Orochimaru didn’t gain access to the sharingan. His mission could
go hang. He had to keep going with Sound because what other leads did he have? Itachi?
That was suicide. The tablet under the shrine? The nagging feeling every time he played back
the confrontation in the woods that something didn’t add up? Sasuke hadn’t treated Itachi like
an enemy. That’s what hadn’t sat right, and more; Itachi hadn’t treated Sasuke like a target. A
target, an annoyance, an oversight; none of those. There was no reason for Itachi to be Suisei
or for an S-ranked missing nin to be infiltrating a village as ANBU. Not a missing nin as mad
and capricious as Uchiha Itachi was meant to be - if he’d betrayed Konoha for another
village, maybe, if he’d been sent on reconnaissance by a foreign kage, but it didn’t fit.

Itachi was there for Sasuke. It was the only explanation for why he’d broken cover when he
had. He was there for Sasuke, and when he thought she’d died, he’d reacted like he’d lost
everything with her.

And Sasuke had treated him like a friend. Like… like her brother.

She should have hated him for what he did. She should have been afraid. She should have
been angry. Why wasn’t she. What was the alternate explanation, what could Kakashi have
missed that would make this all add up.

Uhei returned. Hound pushed himself to his feet and let himself out of the prison cell he’d
been resting in, refusing to allow himself to be frustrated at the lack of good news Uhei
brought. There were more Sound bases. He had to keep going.



On the fifth day:

“I don’t know her name,” the shinobi said. The musical note on his headband was smeared
with sweat and grime; the arm twisted up behind his back was dislocated at the elbow and
two of his fingers were bloody stumps. “I don’t, I swear - Konoha girl, right? Dark hair, um,
shortish dark hair, all pale, kinda small. I don’t know - she looks like a kid! She just looks
like any girl I don’t know -”

“Eyes,” Hound prompted. His voice was steady. Uhei was standing rigidly opposite him.
They were in a service tunnel, lined with water tanks and thick, creaking pipes that lead to the
kitchens and laundry rooms next door. To his left, the coals in the boiler fire glowed red, and
the fire jutsu the shinobi’d been using to tend to them had left scorch marks on the wall.

This particular shinobi handled the linens and bathing facilities for the more well-kept of
Orochimaru’s guests. He’d never been allowed to talk to them, but he’d seen them,
occasionally. Not enough to know who they were. Enough to know where they were being
kept.

“Eyes.”

“I don’t know what you - weird, weird, I swear please you have to believe me, they’re -
they’ve got some bloodline thing or something, I don't know exactly what. That’s all I know,
I promise, if I knew anything more I’d say but I - please no no no I swear, that’s all I know!”
It was enough. Hound ended the man’s sobs with a kunai through his brainstem and made
sure to hide the body before he went. Now, of all times, was not the time to be sloppy, and if
even Kakashi wondered if Hound was being more ruthless than he had to be -

Failure was not an option. Sasuke didn’t have to know what her safety cost, she only had to
be safe.

He signalled Uhei to stay low and aimed for the place where Sasuke was being kept.

                                             ___

Naruto wasn’t at the gates when we reached them. He had been, and so had Gaara been -
among the debris and wreckage was at least one sand-coffined corpse, and I hid a wince as I
glossed over it - but their fight had pushed them back far enough that they weren’t easily
visible among the trees.

That didn’t mean we didn’t know where they were. Two jinchuuriki beating the crap out of
each other weren’t exactly subtle.

The gates themselves were in ruins. It was like a punch to the gut; all the destruction we’d
seen so far, and somehow when we arrived at the edge of the village, I’d expected to see the
gates standing as tall and impenetrable as they always did. For them to be hanging listlessly
open, one barely holding onto its hinge and the other little more than a splintered cross-bar
with nothing attached - it was wrong. The collapsed roof of the stone frame, the crater where
the floor used to be, all of it was wrong.

There was no point crying about it though. Naruto might have forced Gaara away from the
village, but Karin was still there and my attention went immediately to her. Three Konoha
nin; one down, tensely hunched in a way that said he couldn’t stand, but his hands were in a
ram seal and he was still providing jutsu support. One with his back to us, unfeasibly large
mace held crossways across his body - melee type, I decided, there was no way to form hand
seals around that handle and it would be unwieldy as a ranged weapon - and a Hyuuga, eyes
bulging with byakugan veins and her stance classic for the gentle fist.

They had Karin pinned. She wasn’t hurt, but both she and the vivid green snake she’d
summoned had abandoned the offensive. Against two taijutsu opponents her chain was an
effective flail, keeping them both at a distance, but she had no freedom of movement and if
the ninjutsu user got his act together, she’d have nowhere to escape.

Sakura assessed the scene, dismissed it as not in immediate need of backup, and kept running
straight for Naruto.

Urushi and I swerved sharply to the left. The Konoha nin might not need backup, but Karin
sure as fuck did.

“Sasuke,” Sakura started in frustration, halfway through a hand signal instructing me to
continue primary objective - but she cut herself off with a sharp intake of breath as she
remembered that we weren’t fighting on the same side. I ignored her. The downed chunin
wasn’t going anywhere; I ignored him too, but the mace user was steadily driving Karin back
towards the Hyuuga. Karin’s chain was deadly, but neither she nor the snake were used to
working together and were getting in each other’s way. I was in no shape for taijutsu, I didn’t
have flashy ninjutsu in my repertoire even if I had the chakra to use them, and byakugan
meant my usual form of genjutsu were out; what the fuck was I meant to do with this.

Gamble on mace-man. He was the closer target and, if I was incredibly lucky, would be
hesitant to immediately flatten someone in an ANBU uniform.

“Hi,” I said as cheerily and non-threateningly as I could, appearing beside him with my
sharingan spinning. “Look at me?”

“Kunoichi-san.” He glanced my way, the briefest flicker to check my position and ensure he
wouldn’t catch an ally in a sweeping attack, but it was enough. “Your assistance is -”

“Perfectly timed, I know. Have a genjutsu.”

He stumbled. I tightened my grip on the chakra and reinforced it; I didn’t have time for
anything creative so I kept it simple and informed him, as insistently as I knew how, that the
floor had just exploded beneath his feet.

From personal experience, it’s a disorientating experience.

It also threw him off balance enough that when I followed up the genjutsu with an elbow
strike to the nose he had no time to react. It connected; there was a sickening crunch as the
cartilage broke, and he collapsed to a messy sprawl on the ground.

“Syrup trap!” the wounded ninja behind me spat, literally spat, sending a sheet of slippery
liquid towards my feet. I leapt, spinning in the air to fire a trio of shuriken back at him that
he’d wouldn’t be able to dodge -

And cursed, abandoning my next throw as Sakura appeared between us to block them with
her arm guards.

“What the fuck Sakura!”

“That’s my line,” she bit out. Her fist twitched to the side, and her chainsaws leapt out, the
blades not yet spinning as she kept her hands in front of her. “Did you seriously just -”

“He’s alive, isn’t he?” He should be. Noses were dangerous, but only if you hit them wrong.
Or right, depending on your intention, but I only wanted him out the way. Permanent damage
happened when you sent shards from the break up the nasal cavity and into the brain; the
downwards-angled elbow strike I’d used shouldn’t have done more than activate the nerve
cluster to knock him unconscious, I wasn’t risking his life.

From her expression though, alive wasn’t good enough. I grimaced and backed up until I was
standing with Karin, prudently keeping her between me and the snake reared up threateningly
on her other side. “You good?” I asked lowly. ”What happened, where’s Gaara?”

She shot me a withering look. “I had three opponents. You brought a fourth. Gaara’s fighting
the guy who’s apparently my cousin but is also an actual demon and my summon is scared of
needles. I’m grand.”

“He’s no more demon than Gaara is,” I protested. “Why is your summon scared of needles?”

“They’re spiky,” the snake complained, jabbing his head towards the Hyuuga kunoichi.

Karin’s withering look relocated.

“Enough,” Hyuuga snapped. She shifted uneasily; now that I knew they were there, I could
just see the light glinting off the senbon hidden between her fingers. “Status,” she demanded
of Sakura. Whether she recognised her or recognised her headband, I didn’t know. “You
know them? The red-head attacked the gate just before it exploded. Her partner’s fighting the
Uzumaki boy back there -” she jerked her head behind her to indicate “- and three of my
squad are dead. Who’s the newcomer? With you?”

Sakura’s hard expression didn’t change, but I knew her well enough to see how torn she was.
She’d moved forward so that both the wounded ninja and the one I’d knocked out were
behind her; syrup-trap-man had army-crawled his way to mace-man and was rolling him onto
his side to keep his breathing clear. There was a big difference though between defending an
ally and attacking a friend, and Hyuuga was clearly after a definitive answer. Staying on the
fence wouldn’t work.

I decided to be helpful.

“Catch me in your chain,” I muttered to Karin.

“How in the flying fuck does that -”

“Just catch. Snake -” My mind blanked. Was he poisonous? He was very brightly coloured.
Bright colours were poisonous, weren’t they? But then again, big snake. Big snakes
constricted. “Do snake things and don’t get spiked,” I settled for, and crouched in preparation
to sprint.

Ow. No. Ok, and awkwardly half-stooped in preparation to sprint. My bones were not on
board with crouching.

“Status,” Hyuuga demanded sharply, turning her body to encompass Sakura as a potential
enemy. Sakura straightened, the chainsaws starting to spin at their proper speed.

“Not with me,” she said, clipped and flat. “Missing nin, no kill order.”

“Only passing through,” I promised, and bolted for the gap between them. Karin’s chain shot
out to curve around me; Hyuuga moved to intercept, then hesitated when it was clear I
wouldn’t be able to escape my own partner. I waited until the chain was almost touching my
skin, then switched with her, botching the landing so badly I needed to put a hand out to stop
myself falling as I did.

My bones were not on board with any of this.
Behind me, Karin yelped, slamming the chain to the ground with Hyuuga trapped inside. She
only had her upper half; Hyuuga kicked out with her legs, violently enough that she almost
got loose, then the snake shot forwards with his jaws open to catch her feet and hold them
still.

By swallowing them. Yuck.

“Snakes are disturbing,” I decided, pushing myself up and turning to check on the others.
Mace-man was still unconscious, which was great (also slightly worrying, I didn’t think I’d
hit him that hard) and Sakura was -

Hooking her foot behind my ankles and using her shoulder to help me, forcefully, to the
ground.

I landed hard, biting my lip against the pain and already trying to roll into a backflip. If my
knee came dangerously close to her head during it, well, she shouldn’t have dropped me, but
she was too prepared - and too strong - for it to work. Grappling wasn’t my strong suit. Being
solely comprised of bruise really didn’t help.

“Stay,” she said, kneeling on my sternum hard enough that I could barely breathe.

“Like hell,” I hissed, fighting against her grip to get my hands free for a jutsu. What was my
chakra? Fire? Shit. I didn’t have enough for a fireball, maybe I could light the firefly in her
eye and blind her. I needed to add more fire techniques to my repertoire, how the fuck did I
have so few.

She slapped a paper tag to the ground next to me. “Stay,” she repeated, emphasising the
command by flooding the tag with chakra to activate it. It dissolved into black seal-lines,
spreading out in the same heavy script as she’d used back at the hospital. She gave my
shoulders one last shove to keep me from following her, then sprang back just as the seal
completed; I scrambled to follow, but was blocked by a shimmering, bluish-purple wall of
chakra.

A barrier seal.

“Are you kidding me?” I slammed my fist against it, and immediately pulled it back, shaking
out the odd sensation. It was like very concentrated pins and needles - not necessarily painful,
but not something I wanted to experience again. The barrier was low and square, with crisp
straight edges and sides only just tall enough to cover me. I could awkwardly kneel but not
stand, and kicking at it, though satisfying, didn’t make a dent. “She put me in a box. She put
me in a - this isn’t happening. Sakura, what the fuck.”

She didn’t answer. Why would she answer, she’d neatly tidied me away, like a toy she didn’t
want to use anymore, and turned to focus on Karin instead. Was I allowed to be offended by
this? I was offended. I was outraged. Don’t put people in a box when you don’t want to deal
with them. Rude.

Hyuuga was still trapped in Karin’s chain. The snake was still swallowing, working his way
up from her feet to her knees to her thighs; she wasn’t making it easy for him but she had
increasingly less room to fight. It looked… horrific, actually. The sort of slow, encroaching
terror that no ninja ever wanted to find themselves helpless against, and I was glad that Karin
looked just as off put by what was happening as I did.

At least until Sakura slammed into the chain with her right fist forward and her chainsaw
shrieking against the metal, then she looked alarmed and determined all at once.

“That won’t work!” she yelled over the noise. “It's an Uzumaki chain, idiot. It doesn’t break.”

Sakura pulled back, not even looking at the twisted mess of her blade. “You do though,” she
said, squeezing her fingers together. The saw fell to the floor with a clatter, and her knuckle
spikes came out to replace it. “How are you going to block me if your chain’s tied up?”

She didn’t give Karin time to answer. Her charge was fast, deadly, and full on; Karin leapt
back, dragging Hyuuga and the snake with her and flinging them to the side so she could use
the part of the chain nearer to her body as a shield. Sakura’s punch hit the metal hard enough
that if it had been any normal weapon, it surely would have warped and bent from the force
of it; when it didn’t, she turned into a spinning high kick - Karin blocked it with both
forearms crossed above her head - and pushed off to line up another charge.

She wanted the chain gone. If she was genuinely trying to attack, she’d go underground, but
she wanted Hyuuga free. Karin might not know how Sakura fought but she could still tell
what she was trying to do; Sakura’s attacks were relentless and gaining in speed, and with
only a fraction of her chain available to fight with Karin was losing fast.

I kicked at the barrier again. It didn’t move. The tag was - shit. It had dissolved. How did you
end this damn jutsu if the tag wasn’t there anymore? I looked frantically around myself for
inspiration, and grinned when I realised Urushi was behind me, quietly digging his way
underneath.

“The absolute best,” I told him. Sakura had progressed to using earth jutsu speared through
the chain links to try and render it useless; Karin was able to pull them free so far, but from
Sakura’s intense focus she’d found a strategy she liked. I turned my back on them, shielding
Urushi from view. “How deep does it go? It can’t be a complete box. It wouldn’t have been
able to cut through the earth.”

He shook his head, but didn’t have an answer yet and kept digging. I fished in my weapons
pouch for something to help, then changed my mind and drew the sword instead. The blade
was decently sturdy, and long enough that if I worked it straight down the inside of the
barrier and used my weight on it like a lever, I should be able to… There. Just. Just, just -
fuck. It slipped. But it had definitely gone underneath something, so I repositioned it and tried
again.

Sakura slammed her fist into the ground, knuckle-spikes first. A beat later, the same knuckle
spikes shot out the ground, each one now waist-high and carved out of solid rock. Karin
dodged, but the chain caught over them; Sakura twisted her wrist and the rock-spikes twisted
with her, tangling the chain further around them, then she wrenched both spikes and chain
back underground. Karin staggered as she was dragged forward; she had maybe two metres
of chain connecting her to where it disappeared into solid rock, and barely enough left free
the other side to keep holding on to the Hyuuga kunoichi.

The snake was above Hyuuga’s waist.

Sakura shook out her hand, and readied another barrier seal.

I dug the sword as far down as I could, relying on the hole Urushi had made the other side to
give the lever somewhere to push to, and -

Mission critical, Sakura tapped against her thigh. Hold position. Mission critical. Wait.

I froze. There was no way that was for me. There was - no. She’d put me in a damn box. But
Hyuuga was clearly distracted, and the two other ninja were too wounded to be of any use -
mace-man had woken up but wasn’t doing well, and syrup-trap-man was currently busy
trying to convince him not to fight people when he couldn’t see straight. Even if she’d seen
Urushi, she wouldn’t be signalling him, and Karin didn’t even know tap code so the only
option left was that Sakura was giving me instructions and expecting me to follow them. In
what scenario, please, did she ever think that was going to work? She was the one who
attacked me!

And yet, I didn’t leave my box. I could. If I forced the sword down it lifted the barrier just
enough to see underneath it, that was all I needed to kawarimi out the other side. At any
point, I could leave, but I held my position and waited.

If this was a trick to keep me from escaping… Fuck I hoped it wasn’t.

Sakura charged. Full shannaro, and I could easily see the moment Karin realised she had
nowhere left to run. Her eyes darted from Sakura to her chain to me, looking for a way out
that would allow her to keep Hyuuga trapped, but there wasn’t one - at the last second she
dispelled the chain, diving aside and reforming it a moment later to wrap around herself and
shield her from Sakura’s blow. Sakura hit her with enough force to drive both her and her
chain back into the wall, cracks fracturing out from the crater of her impact. The black ink
spread from the barrier seal she tagged the chain with, and Karin frantically stretched it out to
keep the barrier as far away from herself as possible. When the purple box snapped into place
it had a good third of the chain inside but Karin, thank fuck, was still free.

So was the Hyuuga. As soon her hands could move she attacked, rolling in the snake’s grip
and driving senbon down towards his eyes. He reared back, as far as he could without losing
his hold on her, and hissed furiously as her weapons skidded over his scales.

“Ryoku!” Karin barked. “Chakra in her palms, don’t let it touch you!”

The snake - Ryoku - attempted to retreat, but Hyuuga was having none of it. She slapped both
palms down against her sides so that they - and the chakra in them - slammed into the corners
of Ryoku’s mouth, tearing through the stretched skin where he’d unhinged his jaw to swallow
her and leaving his lower jaw hanging listless and numb.
Snakes, normally, cannot scream. They don’t have vocal chords. Ryoku was a summon.
Ryoku could speak. Ryoku had vocal chords. Ryoku screamed. He writhed, muscles
contracting as he attempted to disgorge her and back away. He opened his mouth as far open
as he could, the jagged curving fangs in his upper gum clearly exposed - then, either
changing his mind about letting go or doing it by accident as he flailed, he slammed his head
down to the ground and jerked it violently back.

The fangs went into the kunoichi’s stomach, and tore through it as he moved. She doubled
over, curling her knees up instinctively as she flattened her hands over her abdomen and held
everything together, and Ryoku gave one last gurgling hiss as he finally got free. He huddled
back towards Karin, mouth dangling pitifully open, and tried to hide behind her feet.

Sakura swore, abandoning Karin and running to the Hyuuga to help.

“Is anyone a medic?” She had bandages, but stomach wounds were horrible. Bandages didn’t
do much if the wound inside was contaminated. The other two Konoha nin shook their heads
grimly, but Hyuuga choked out a beat of laughter.

“That’d be me,” she said. “Unless you’ve got a mystical palm up your sleeve, get back to the
fight. I’ll survive, missing nin won’t capture themselves.”

Sakura glanced back at Karin. Her chain was trapped, but all she had to do was dispel it again
and she was free. Ryoku - wasn’t a threat. Unless he was a very good actor, at least, and none
of them had noticed Urushi. Me, I was still in my box, sword and escape route very carefully
hidden behind my back.

“I can handle them,” Sakura said, turning to where mace-man was pushing himself to his
feet. “Can you -”

“First aid and a lift,” he offered, twisting the handle of his mace and somehow shrinking the
massive weapon down to a simple long staff that he held out for his partner.

“And a status jutsu,” his partner added, taking the mace and using it as a crutch. “We can get
her somewhere stable. You’re sure you don’t need backup?”

“I can handle it,” Sakura repeated firmly. She rocked back on her heels, watching with an
unreadable expression as the two of them gathered the kunoichi and headed back for the
village. I caught a flash of Hyuuga’s stomach as they went past - it was red and bloody, but
only bloody, and her hands were faintly glowing where they pressed against the wound.

The second they were out of sight, I levered up the barrier seal and kawarimid out from
underneath it. Karin raised her hands in a hesitant fighting position, but I shook my head at
her and focussed on Sakura instead.

What was I meant to say. She’d rescued me from a collapsed building, broken the law to let
me escape, then been put on the spot and forced to pick a side. Had she picked? Or had
reality been a jarring wake-up call that convinced her to turn us in? How was I meant to ask?

I didn’t.
“Naruto and Gaara are still going,” I said bluntly. “If they haven’t stopped now, they aren’t
going to without help.”

She stared at me for a long second, then retracted her knuckle spikes with a quiet schnick.

“Help,” she agreed warily. “Do I want to know what help means to you?”

“Assistance. Aid.” My best, and as worn and tired as the phrase was, my best was all I had
and I was sorry if it wasn’t enough. “It’s in my name, I’m very good at it.”

She looked away. “Sure. We’ll… we’ll help them.” Her eyes landed on Karin, and she
nodded at the barrier trapping her chain. “I’ll get the seal for you.”

Karin took a wary step back. “It’s fine,” she said defensively. “It’s not like you caught me
under there.”

“Your chain’s a chakra construct,” Sakura said, not even pausing as she moved forward. “The
chakra inside the barrier is no longer under your control. If you cancel the technique, you lose
that part of the chain, and the chakra that does return to you will be corrupted and incomplete
- possibly enough to prevent you ever forming it again.” She held her hand over one
translucent chakra wall and drummed her fingers against it in a precise pattern that caused it
to fade away. “Lesson number one: don’t mess with seals, you won’t like it if they go
wrong.”

Karin grimaced, retracting her chain as soon as the barrier allowed her to. “Lesson number
two,” she sniped, “I didn’t ask for a lecture.”

“Don’t. You attacked my village and nearly killed two of my allies. At least two, and who
knows how many you actually killed before I arrived. You’re lucky I haven’t killed you
myself, don’t push it.” She flicked her gaze down, and added, “Dismiss the snake,” then
turned and started walking towards the sounds of the jinchuuriki battle ahead.

Karin lifted her chin, stubbornness in every line of her posture. “What if I -”

“Karin,” I interrupted. Ryoku was keeping low, as out of sight as someone so brightly green
could hope to be. His jaw still hung uselessly open, and he’d resorted to nosing sadly at his
coils as he tried to push it closed.

Karin briefly flicked her gaze to me, then made a hand seal to dismiss him and continued
without pause. “- Wanted to know why? Not saying you could have killed me, but why aren’t
you?”

“For Naruto. Happy?”

She made a face. “My cousin again? You guys realise the Uzumaki clan were huge right, the
chances of us actually being related are tiny.”

Sakura stopped. She turned around, hands balled into fists against her sides, brows drawn low
over her frown. I stopped too, taking a step back and hovering to the side. Angry Sakuras
didn’t happen very often, but they were best avoided when they did. “Let’s be clear,” she
said. “I don’t care about clans. I don’t care about you. If you were drowning in pig shit, I
wouldn’t help you swim. The only reason I’m doing this is that Sasuke, apparently, isn’t
going to leave without you. Consider yourself lucky; she’s more than happy to leave without
me.” I winced. It wasn’t untrue, but also, ow. If Sakura noticed, she ignored it. “Sasuke
leaves, or she’s executed. If she’s executed, god only knows what Naruto will do. He is my
last teammate and he is the only person who matters, so yes, for him, I’ll leave you alive long
enough for you both to fuck off and never come back. If I see you again after that, Uzumaki,
the chakra barrier goes over your head and I really don’t care if it stays attached.
Understood?”

“Understood,” I answered for her, not giving Karin the chance to say anything else. I stepped
up between them, brushing shoulders with Karin in an attempt to convey wordlessly that this
wasn’t worth arguing over and now wasn’t the time to do it even if it was. That, Sakura
definitely noticed, and her already closed body language shuttered further as she took a step
back.

I swallowed. Not my intention. I didn’t mean to - nevermind.

“We should go,” I said instead. “They’ll be sending more people to reinforce the gate.
Jiraiya’s almost driven Orochimaru off, we need to calm the others down before they draw
his attention.” It was even true, mostly, though I doubted Orochimaru had been driven off so
much as he’d got bored and abandoned the fight. Konoha was defeated, the Hokage was
dead, and as amused as he’d been by the thought that Jiraiya couldn’t fix the seal he’d put on
my arm back in the forest of death, he’d never seemed all that interested in confronting him.
As the dust settled and the immediate panic of organising rescue crews faded, Konoha would
start looking for blood - and we needed to very much not be in the firing line.

Sakura nodded wordlessly and crouched to leap for the trees. I checked Urushi was ok to
follow along the ground, shot Karin an apologetic grimace, and leapt after her. We moved
through the branches in silence, but my thoughts were loud in my head.

Why couldn’t I tell her. Why couldn’t I make her see. Why couldn’t I bring her with me. She
was already breaking the law, what was a bit more on top. If they found out what she’d done,
she’d be a criminal anyway, so -

I stopped that train of thought. She was a genin facing off against two missing nin, both with
summons and known, powerful blood limits. If anything, Hyuuga would get blamed for the
mistake, not her; even when you’re wounded you don’t hand responsibility for captives over
to someone else unless you’re certain they can handle it. And if you’re so wounded that you
don’t have a choice - it happened. There were always stronger enemies. Konoha didn’t punish
people for being weak, only for disobeying. All Sakura would have to do was lie and say
we’d overwhelmed her and so long as she was believable, she’d be fine.

Right? Was that the reasoning? She needed to be believable. Warning Shino about Danzo was
already dangerous enough, and I’d only done it because if he was making himself a target he
needed to know who to. I hadn’t told him about Itachi. I hadn’t told anyone about Itachi, not
in Konoha, because - because secrets aren’t secrets if you tell people, and I needed to keep
him safe. I needed to keep them all safe. Right?
  No. Or at least, not entirely. Protect Itachi, fine, but as far as they went I’d been planning to
  leave and I didn’t want them to stop me. It was nothing to do with wanting to keep them safe,
  don’t lie and pretend it was. I’d been scared, and it had been me and my brother against the
  world, and if an enemy was blind enough to treat you as a friend you thanked your luck and
  let them. Why would I ever have told.

  I had the sudden, mad urge to blurt it out as we ran. All of it. She wasn’t asking for it, hadn’t
  demanded an explanation, and maybe that was why, or maybe I was sick of trying to justify
  her as being Konoha and therefore an enemy when the image wasn’t working in my head.
  Maybe I just hated secrets. Maybe if she knew, she’d… what. Maybe she’d what.

  Actions had consequences. People’s lives continued even if I wasn’t there to see. I couldn’t
  untell her, so did I want her to know, or was it better to keep my secrets to myself.

  I didn’t know, and we reached Naruto and Gaara before I managed to decide.



Chapter End Notes



    Jiraiya: Teaches Sakura the most defensive form of sealing he knows, because seal
    masters are rare and Konoha can't afford to lose them
    Sakura: uses barrier seals to put sasuke in a box and almost delete karin's chain for life
    because screw being defensive and screw you

    One chapter left, folks. Thank you all so much for the welcome back, it was genuinely
    so much delight to read your comments and posting again. <3 to all of you!
                                       Chapter 50: Regicide arc: VI
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes



   “Fucking hell,” Karin mumbled. “The air is on fire and tastes of angry. I hate it.”

   I spared her a glance; she was pale, and her mouth was slightly open as though she was
   struggling to get enough air through her nose. This far into the forest we were among the
   Hashirama trees and the branch beneath us was easily thick enough to catch her if she
   stumbled, but I didn’t think she was that badly affected just yet.

   “Bijuu killing intent,” I summarised for her. “You’re fine.”

   “You’re fine, you’re not breathing murder soup.”

   “Are you going to be a liability?” Sakura cut in with brusque practicality. “If you can’t handle
   the battle -”

   “Worry about yourself,” Karin shot back, straightening and determinedly closing her mouth.
   “You’re squishy and coffinable, you’re more of a liability than I am.”

   Would it be trite to ask them to get along? Maybe, maybe not. Almost certainly pointless
   either way.

   “I can’t see Gaara,” I said, scanning the trees with both sharingan spinning. Hashiramas were
   tall, that was a given, but the way they were created meant that only the very upper sections
   of the canopy had any leaves or smaller branches. In the mid section that we were standing in
   there were thick, moss-covered trunks, connected by a network of long straight branches with
   surprisingly little vegetation in between. It made for a much more open battlefield than you’d
   expect looking from the outside, but it also left plenty of hiding places for those who knew
   how to use them - and though Naruto was a glaringly obvious ball of kyuubi-chakra ahead of
   us, Gaara was nowhere to be found.

   Naruto hadn’t seen us. As I watched, he dropped to the trunk, one hand flung behind him
   with claws digging into the bark and leaving deep scratches to slow his descent as he skidded
   down. The kyuubi cloak moved with him, the edges curling into flames that streamed out
   behind him and the chakra over his hand so solid that his fingers weren’t even touching the
   tree.

   “Ground,” Karin said tersely. I looked where she pointed, gaze skipping over the gouges in
   the soil and the splintered roots until I found - there. He was still himself, thank fuck, though
   his sand was packed tightly enough around him to form a solid shell with Shukaku’s black
   markings clearly visible over the surface of it. It made him broader, and bulkier, fingers too
   long to be anything but claws, but the majority of his sand was in the thick tail he’d curled
   around himself as a shield. I didn’t know if he was holding back on purpose or if without his
gourd he just didn’t have enough sand to form Shukaku fully, but if the damage done to the
forest was any indication it hadn’t hampered his ability to fight.

Naruto was building a rasengan in his other hand.

“We need to separate them,” Sakura said, eyes flicking rapidly between them and the trees.
“Uzumaki, your chain - can you hold Gaara? If Naruto backs off I need Gaara not to
retaliate.”

I’d never seen a rasengan in person before, but the glowing orb of purple chakra - what else
could it be. He was building it fast, gaining speed as he let go of the trunk and started running
down it, and by the time his plummeting charge reached Gaara the rasengan would be fully
formed and ready to tear him apart.

“Sasuke, if Naruto doesn’t listen -”

If Naruto didn’t listen Gaara would die. Ichibi versus Kyuubi, Gaara was better at working
with his bijuu but rasengan wasn’t an attack an enemy was meant to survive. Everything
narrowed as the world sharpened, tuning Sakura out; Naruto wouldn’t listen. Not for
something like this, not when listening would mean giving up and letting us escape. He was
never going to let go, was he, not for anything short of a lethal injury, and I’d never use lethal
force against him like that - except in the back of my mind the thought flickered through: it
wouldn’t be lethal, would it? He had the kyuubi. He had a healing factor. Canon Sasuke had
stuck a chidori through his chest and he’d been fine. If I could kawarimi with someone’s
hand and rip it off at the wrist, if I could tear an iron chain out of solid rock, then a rib? A
lung?

Sakura might have still been talking, but I didn’t hear her. Teamwork was a Konoha thing. I
could do it if I had to - I was good at it if I had to - but when the stakes were this high,
instinct said it was safer to rely on myself. I switched, landing down at the roots, crouched
between them so I had a clear view of Naruto barrelling down the tree to Gaara. I felt almost
light-headed, sharingan so focussed that all I could see were patches of orange and black and
yellow and red that I couldn’t resolve into a person, but clear view meant clear shot, and for a
second I had the insane thought that if lethal force was what I had then the only way to stop
him would be to follow through. I rejected the thought with an almost violent wave of
revulsion. I didn’t do that. I didn’t - even if I did, I didn’t do that against Naruto, what the
everloving fuck. If that came from Itachi’s damn compulsion to stop being so weak, that
could go fuck itself as well. I didn’t care if he’d probably survive it, that kind of unhinged
bloody destruction wasn’t strong and it wasn’t me. I wasn’t going to gamble with Naruto’s
life.

He leapt off the tree, arm drawn back with the rasengan spinning in his palm. Teeth bared,
whiskers dark against his cheeks, and I so very nearly hated him for putting me in this
position where the only way to stop him was to hurt him which I flat out refused to do -

I saw, almost in slow motion, the moment he noticed me there. He frowned, red eyes creasing
as traces of blue swirled in; he turned his head towards me and recognition lit his face.
I wasn’t going to gamble with Naruto’s life. But fuck it, I could gamble with the fact that he
wouldn’t dare risk mine.

I caught Gaara in my kawarimi, spared a scant second to make sure I’d wrapped the threads
carefully enough round him that he wouldn’t get hurt when I traded places with him, and
switched. I didn’t know if I’d have time to switch again once he was safe, just at the moment
I didn’t care so long as he wasn’t in the path of death -

“No,” Gaara said, turning on me with a frustrated growl as he brought the sand-tail up to
shield us both. “I don’t like you doing that.” I stumbled, knees knocking into him and hand
stretched out for balance as I struggled to stay upright after appearing on top of him. Over by
the tree root the sand that had formed the top layer of his armour hung suspended in the air
for a second, then fell to the ground in a cloud of dust; he’d let go of it so I switched with that
instead of him, and now Naruto’s rasengan was headed straight for us both.

“Bastard -!”

I didn’t have chance to react. Gaara pulled me down, tucking us both into a tight ball so his
sand had the smallest area to cover and pouring everything he had into the tail-shield that
wrapped around us. He was between me and Naruto, angled to take the brunt of the attack on
his back; over his shoulder I saw Naruto desperately attempting to redirect his rasengan but
he was moving too fast to get it far enough away.

It slammed into Gaara’s sand, off-centre and skidding down into the ground. A thousand
spinning wind blades, tearing through his shield - Gaara’s grip on me tightened hard enough
to hurt. His tail was shredded. Naruto leapt back, chakra cloak fading away as he stared at me
in horror, but I wasn’t looking - Gaara was bleeding. Right side of his back, above where his
kidney would be, his shirt was in pieces and the skin underneath was a mess of flaking sand
armour and blood.

“You’re ok,” I told him, dropping to my knees so I could support him better as he staggered
forward. “You’re ok, you’re fine - it’s not deep. You’re fine. Look at me, Gaara, you’re fine,
ok?” The remainder of his sand spasmed, Shukaku’s black markings standing out in livid
contrast as his arm started to bulge into a paw. Next to us, Naruto picked himself up from
where he’d landed, eyes rapidly turning blue as he made to approach.

I warned him away with a wordless look. “Gaara, you with me? It’s just a scrape -” It wasn’t,
not quite, but from what I could see it hadn’t gone deep enough to cause any serious damage.
That didn’t make it any less of an injury though and I pressed my forehead against his in an
attempt to distract him from the pain. “It’ll be fine, Karin will heal it. You remember the
graze you got from when we escaped the camp? It’s just like that, like landing in the reeds. It
feels bad but you’re ok, I promise you’re ok.”

He jerked forward, hands coming up to cradle his head and latching onto my shirt when my
shoulder was in the way. The tail was reforming, lashing angrily behind him, and sand was
streaming out the soil to replace what the rasengan had destroyed.

“It hurts,” he rasped.
“I know. I know, but it’ll stop - I need you to be you until it does. Just for a little bit Gaara,
please be you for a little bit, then it’ll stop hurting and you’ll - shit -” his entire arm was now
tanukified, all but crushing me with how tightly he was holding on. I bit my lip to stifle my
reaction, tried to tell Naruto with my eyes that if he took another step closer he’d end us both,
and took a breath to keep going. “You’ll be ok,” I managed, “I won’t let anything happen, I
promise, but I need -” fuck, where was Karin - “I need you to stay you, you can’t let your
mum out Gaara, please.”

“It hurts,” he repeated, but he forced the rippling, bulging sand still and made no move to get
up. That was fine. That was - it was manageable, and Shukaku was slowly reforming the
armour over the bloody mess of his back; it was impossible to tell if they were healing him as
well, but I chose to take it as a good sign. At least until Karin arrived, and I craned my neck
back up to the branches where I’d left her to see if she was on her way.

I was concentrating so hard on her that I nearly jumped when Urushi brushed up against me. I
blinked down at him, only realising then that I’d moved a hand up to Gaara’s hair on instinct
and was trying to flatten it the way Kakashi sometimes did for me.

“Urushi…?”

He looked between me and Gaara, one ear up and head tilted, then took a step forward and
nosed at Gaara’s misshapen, half-bijuu paw.

Gaara flinched, displeasure rumbling out of him in a warning growl.

“It’s ok,” I promised, still running my fingers through his hair. “It’s Urushi. He’s helping.” I
wasn’t sure how, but. Helping. It’s what he did.

“He doesn’t like me.”

“He hasn’t got to know you yet.” I glanced down at Urushi questioningly. I didn’t think
he’d’ve approached if he didn’t like Gaara, at least, but I wasn’t sure I knew what he was
doing.

He licked his nose, tilted his head again, and came to a decision. This time when he stepped
forward he put his paw deliberately on Gaara’s knee, leaning up until his chin was on Gaara’s
shoulder and he could reach Gaara’s cheek to lick it. Which he did. Gently, but firmly, and
when Gaara moved back he just wagged his tail, also gently, and followed.

“What’s he doing.”

I swallowed what was either a hiccough or a beat of relieved laughter. “Kisses,” I said. “Dog
kisses. He’s kissing it better. It’s what you do when someone’s hurt. I told you, he’s helping.”

Gaara stopped moving away. He didn’t untense, and every line of him displayed extreme
reluctance, but he stoically stayed put and suffered through Urushi covering the entire side of
his face in kisses. Slowly, the tanuki-layer over his arm receded, the sand falling to pool in a
restless puddle on the floor. His tail as well - it coiled around us and subsided, almost like it
was melting, until we were kneeling in a deep circle of sand and Gaara was fully human
again.

At some point, Karin and Sakura joined us. Sakura went immediately to stand with Naruto,
while Karin assumed a defensive position next to us. She frowned at where the wound had
been on Gaara’s back, fingers tugging idly on her sleeve, but from her expression there
wasn’t much left for her to heal.

Eventually, Gaara pushed me away. I sat back on my heels, leaning back to give him space.
So did Urushi, circling round to my other side and sitting next to me, tail still quietly
thumping against my leg.

“All good?” I checked.

“No,” he said bluntly. “You were going to put me in a tree again and get hurt. Don’t.”

I blinked. “Um.” Not quite what I’d been asking, but, “Noted. Are you hurt?”

He considered, then stood up, exaggerating the movement to test the effect on his back. “No,”
he said again. He paused, then turned to Urushi and added, “Thank you.”

Urushi sneezed. Maybe it wasn’t rude, maybe it was just a way of saying you’re welcome.
Or, given how pleased with himself he looked and the way he let his tongue loll out in
satisfaction, maybe he was just a sarcastic kind of dog.

“So,” Karin prompted, shifting restlessly in place. She hadn’t dropped out of her defensive
position, and now that Gaara was standing next to her, she seemed more confident than wary
about it. “We done? Mission success, gang back together, time to go?”

Whelp. There went any attempt at delaying the inevitable. I rocked back, following the
motion through to stand up and join them, though I kept my stance loose and deliberately
relaxed as I did so.

“Mission success,” I confirmed, letting my gaze flick over to Naruto and Sakura. “The
Hokage is dead.” Sakura’s expression didn’t change, as closed and unreadable as it had been
since we left the gate. Her shoulders were angled towards Naruto as much as us, and I
wondered if she was ready to stop him if he tried to stop us. I’d done my half in talking Gaara
down and breaking up the fight, so.

It was easier to talk to her than to Naruto.

“I think Orochimaru’s taking credit,” I continued. “But for what difference it makes, the
actual death was me. I didn’t know Orochimaru was there until the whole -” I waved a
general hand back in Konoha’s direction. “That.”

“Bastard,” Naruto started, taking a step towards us. I took a step back, running into Karin as I
did so and still not looking at him. Because I didn’t want to see, but also just - I’d seriously
considered attacking him. More than attacking him. I was built for assassination, not combat,
and my arsenal revolved around taking someone down fast and making sure they stayed that
way. And I’d been a heartbeat away from turning it on Naruto, because he cared too much
about me to watch me walk away.

“Anyway,” I continued, with forced brightness. “That’s all we were here for, so, lovely to
catch up but we should probably dash.”

“Sasuke.”

He never let me walk away. He never left things, he never listened when I tried to warn him
to back off. He pushed, and he kept pushing, and he forced me to face things I didn’t want to
face and sometimes I felt like the only way I knew how to deal with things was to run away
from them or shout them at him and turn it into an argument.

I didn’t want to argue with him. If I was leaving, I didn’t want that to be the last thing we did.

I swallowed.

I’d messed Kakashi up pretty badly when I’d nearly got myself killed on his chidori. Doing
the same to Naruto had been effective, in the end (would it have been if Gaara hadn’t
shielded us? Naruto had been redirecting his rasengan, but at least part of it had still hit) but.
For all my faith that he would’ve pulled through for me, it wasn’t kind.

I owed him an explanation. I could hardly blame him for not listening when I hadn’t given
him anything to listen to, could I.

“I killed the Hokage,” I said, “Because he killed my clan.” I lifted my head, making eye
contact first with Sakura, then Naruto, and refused to let myself stop. “With politics, with
economics, with missions that left us with half the numbers we should have had. And when
that wasn’t enough, he turned my brother against us and sent him to put us down.” My
parents. The clan elders. Ninja. Civilians. Children. “Danzo gave the order, but I killed the
Hokage because his village was the reason why it happened. His village, his corruption, his
entire system that’s rotten to the core. The Uchiha disagreed with Konoha and Konoha would
rather leave them dead than work with them to fix it, and if it can happen to one clan then it
can happen to any. The only reason it won’t happen to the clanless is that they don’t have a
voice to disagree with in the first place.”

Sakura stared at me, wide-eyed and silent, but Naruto shook his head. “He wouldn’t,” he
argued. “Did your brother say he did? Is that why -”

“My brother’s loyal to the Hokage,” I shot back. If it was bitter, well, I was bitter. “He didn’t
tell me anything. He’d rather I drive myself mad trying to avenge something that didn’t even
happen than -” I cut myself off. “I’m Uchiha,” I said instead. “The point of killing the whole
clan was so no one would find out how low Konoha was prepared to go to keep control, but
they failed. Itachi couldn’t kill me. And now,” I spread my hands, a sardonic twist to my
mouth. “I guess lots of people know.”

Naruto hesitated. Not surprising; kinda a big deal, this whole truth thing I’d just thrown at
him. “Who’s Danzo?”
“One of the village elders. Shadow leader of Konoha, has a hidden division of ANBU under
his direct command that no one knows exists, does the dirty work the Hokage can’t be
connected to.” I paused; Danzo loomed huge and terrifying in my mental image of him, but I
didn’t know the full details of everything he’d done. I didn’t know how to impress on them
how much they had to stay away. “He hoards sharingan,” I went for, not bothering to hide the
way my face twisted with disgust. “He also answers to no one and has spent years keeping
his work secret from the entire village. Whatever you do, don’t let him know you’re aware of
him. It’s not a great way to survive.”

“He’s the one you were scared of.” Naruto’s eyes narrowed, darting between each of mine as
he tried to fit the pieces together and understand. “You said everyone was looking at your
sharingan - he’s the one you meant.”

I gave a helpless kind of shrug. “He breaks people. If he wanted my eyes he - I’d either be
dead or not me anymore, there’d be nothing I could do.”

Behind him, Sakura had progressed from horrified realisation to grim calculation, and though
she kept her focus trained on me I could see the way she was running through her
understanding of the village in her head and slotting the new information in. Naruto though
leapt on what I said, standing straighter and almost triumphant as he found what he thought
was the way out.

“Then Danzo’s to blame,” he said. “He’s the reason you’re running, he’s why your brother
killed your family - he’s the one we need to get rid of.”

“Not - I mean, yes, but -”

“Then that’s fine! You have to stay so you can tell people what he did, and when people
know then the new Hokage can deal with him and you won’t be scared anymore. We’ll fix
it.”

I shook my head. He didn’t believe - he couldn’t believe what he was saying. It was blindly
optimistic, in the desperate way of someone who was latching onto anything plausible
because they knew the truth and didn’t want to face it. That was what he was doing, that had
to be what he was doing, but if it wasn’t then where did I even start to explain how far he’d
got it wrong?

“Naruto,” Sakura said, touching his elbow to get his attention. “She can’t stay.”

“But she -”

“She killed the Hokage,” she interrupted bluntly. “Everyone’s going to think she’s working
with Orochimaru. Even if they don’t find out what she did, she’ll still be a war-traitor who
helped blow up the village.”

“But she’s not,” Naruto insisted. He looked over at me, as if waiting for me to confirm my
innocence - in that, at least - but I just gestured to Karin and Gaara on either side of me.
“These two were.” Not traitors, you had to be loyal to Konoha first - and I don’t think any of
the three of us counted for that - but the rest of it. “They were with the main Sound forces
attacking the camp, and people saw them attacking the gate as well. Sorry, Naruto, but there’s
no good outcome for me here.” More pressingly though, because he appeared to have missed
a very important point; “And for the love of fuck, don’t tell anyone about Danzo. He’s a
respected elder, he’s got eyes everywhere - he’s probably set it up so he’s next in line for
Hokage if you can’t get anyone else. Letting him know you’re an enemy is suicide.”

“So, what then?” He shifted his weight forward on the balls of his feet in agitation, hand
gesturing sharply in front of him. His fingers, I noticed, were still claw-tipped. Whether he’d
been pulling on the kyuubi enough that they were now permanent or whether it was another
sign of his frustration, I didn’t know. “We just keep quiet? Don’t say anything, let him get
away with it - let him keep getting away with it? How the hell does that solve anything?”

“We’re genin.”

“And?”

“And what - are you serious? Do you have so much chakra your brain doesn’t work, do you
think you can just talk everything into going your way?”

He crossed his arms. The agitation was settling, any hints of anger now replaced with
stubborn determination, and I had to bite my lip and yank on a loose piece of hair to stop
myself screaming. “Talking to people is your thing,” he pointed out with far too much calm
in his voice.

“Oh, because I’m doing such a fabulous job of it now, aren’t I. You idiot.”

Somehow, this argument didn’t sway him. Why not. Gaara, go back to going bijuu, I need
you to punch him until he sees sense because he’s being impossible and I hate it.

“We’ll be careful,” he said, level and reasonable and completely at odds with the actual
insanity he was spouting. “Doing something doesn’t mean doing everything at once, and it
doesn’t mean doing it by ourselves.”

I opened my mouth to - I don’t know. Insist that he wasn’t getting it. Change my mind and
tell him I’d lied so he’d back down and leave Danzo alone. Convince him that it was too
dangerous to try so he should keep his head down and survive instead.

I stopped.

Wasn’t… wasn’t that what I’d accused the Hokage of doing? Of scaring Konoha into
submission by making everyone think they were tiny and insignificant, standing alone against
an institution they could never hope to defeat?

“Sakura,” I said instead, turning to her in wary question.

“Someone’s got to,” she said quietly. “If you’re sure that’s what’s happening…” She paused,
waiting for me to confirm. The lie was on the edge of my tongue, but - I didn’t say it. That
wasn’t the point of telling them. I nodded instead, hoping I’d managed to hide my pained
grimace as I did so, and she nodded back and continued. “Then, it has to change. Maybe we
aren’t the best people to do it, but if we’re the ones who know then the least we have to do is
find someone better to help.”

“We can’t do that if we don’t survive,” I pointed out, but this appeared to be a trifling detail
that the other two were determined to ignore.

“Yeah,” Naruto said, nodding at Sakura and more confident now he had support. “Danzo
made sure to stay secret, right? So it’s not Konoha that’s bad, or he wouldn’t have to. It’s only
parts of it, and if the good parts knew about the bad parts, they’d want to fix them too. And.”
He turned back to me and steeled himself, but didn’t let himself waver. “And if you have to
stay away until it’s done and it’s safe to come back, then you have to stay away. We’ll make
sure Orochimaru gets the blame for the Hokage, and we’ll work on Danzo, and if you need
anything you know where we are. We’re still team, just. Spread out a bit.”

I bit my lip. I wanted to believe him. I wanted to trust him. But I’d been carrying the secrets
by myself for so long, how was I meant to leave them with someone else? I’d been hiding
and running and even now, the fact that someone from ROOT had seen me in the tunnels was
looming in my head, the worry that the Hyuuga or the chunin from the gatehouse would
connect Sakura’s actions to the very real crime she was committing by letting me and Karin
go, the creeping, panic-inducing dread that all I’d done was send Naruto to get himself and
everyone around him killed -

“Promise you’ll be careful,” I blurted. “Promise you understand that you can’t do anything if
you’re dead.” It was terrifying. It was terrifying, and I wasn’t brave enough, and I was going
to trust him anyway. And - Sakura, and Shino, and - “Shikamaru thinks I’m a liar. Don’t let
him convince Chouji. And the fish, you need to clean the filters every month or so and if
there’s food left on the bottom of the pond then you’ve fed them too much and need to stop.
Don’t touch the plants under the maple tree, they’re a new poison, and please don’t let the
honeysuckle die.”

“Gardening, bastard?” Naruto asked, wrinkling his nose, but his mock offence was betrayed
by the way the tension drained out of him and he couldn’t stop his grin. “We’re sorting out an
entire village for you, now you want us to do your plants as well?”

Well, that got a tongue stuck out at him, more to hide my own complicated feelings at how
everything had turned out than anything else. Somewhere between giddy daring and quiet
dread and overwhelming relief, I’d sort them out later. “I like my plants,” I insisted.
“Promise?”

“We promise, Sasuke-chan,” Sakura said. “Where are you going now? What’s the plan?”

I glanced at Gaara and Karin. They’d both stayed quiet so far - Konoha wasn’t their village, I
guess, it was a difficult conversation for them to contribute to - but future plans involved
them and we hadn’t had much chance to discuss before what we’d do.

“Don’t look at me,” Karin said immediately, raising her hands with her palms out. “My plans
were to join Konoha, join Sound, and join you, I’m sticking with the last one.”
Gaara nodded. “Mother wants to refill their sand,” he added. “They’re not fussy where from,
so long as it’s not soil anymore.”

“And that’s it?” I checked. “You don’t mind following my lead?”

“I mean. Sure?” Karin looked between Gaara and me and shrugged. “I reserve the right to
call you out for improvising because wow does shit go wrong around you, but. I didn’t
exactly go missing nin for a higher purpose, yours will have to do.”

“Ok.” I ducked my head, and tried again, willing my voice not to wobble. “Ok, then. The
Hokage answers to the Daimyo. It’s a little late, I guess, but it might be worth following up to
see what the higher-ups can do.”

And no, I wasn’t only saying that because Orochimaru had brought it up. The clan histories
included several references to the royal family - among them the fact that the Daimyo of the
time had witnessed and ratified the original treaty between the Uchiha and the Senju - and
though most ninja treated it as more of a formality that the village served the Daimyo, he,
technically, was in charge. If I was lucky, he was also removed enough that Danzo hadn’t
bothered with him, so I should be ok to test the water without immediately being arrested for
it, so long as I was clever about how I did it.

Lucky and clever. This sounded like one of those improvisation situations that Karin
wouldn’t be impressed by.

“We’ll go to the capital,” I decided. “Not straight away; we need sand, and to stay out of Fire
for a bit, and probably some other things.” I didn’t know where Kakashi was, unless he was
still in Sound. If Naruto and Sakura knew the truth, I wanted him to as well, and if - if he had
a different solution to everything then. Then that was a thing that could happen as well.
Whatever that solution was.

Urushi liked Gaara and Karin. Maybe Pakkun would too. If Kakashi was taking long
missions outside the village anyway, it wasn’t like it could hurt anything for us to tag along.

“The capital,” Sakura confirmed with a lopsided but determined smile. “We’ll keep an eye
out for you.”

“You’re a combat specialist,” I scoffed. “Stealth is my thing. You can try, but you won’t see
me ‘till I let you.”

“Combat specialist.” She blinked. “I - yes. I am.” Then, firmer, “I am. And when Naruto’s
Hokage and I’m the strongest person in Konoha, you have to be on the council with me to
sort out the clans. I’m still holding you to that. Being on the run doesn’t get you out of
council duty, I’m not doing it by myself.”

I gave her a wry salute for that. I’d almost forgotten the impulsive promise I’d made her back
in the tower after the second stage of the exam, but screw it. Maybe if everything worked out
it would still happen. There was something inherently weird involved with considering a
future that stretched beyond immediate survival or death, and the fact that I was now looking
down a path that could lead to it - I don’t know. Weird. Not necessarily in a bad way, just.
Weird.

I shook the feeling off. The future wouldn’t happen if we spent so long talking about it that
someone came to look, the explosions wouldn’t delay the village forever. I still wasn’t any
better at goodbyes, so I just waved, and turned to catch Gaara and Karin’s eyes to go.

“See you,” I said over my shoulder. “Good luck with your side. Oh - Shino’s on board. I
don’t know what with exactly, but he’s on board with something. And tell Tsuki I said you
were allowed to find me now, she doesn’t have to stay away.”

“Bastard!” I heard footsteps and looked back, just in time for Naruto to run into me and wrap
his arms around me in a hug.

My arms were trapped between our chests so I didn’t get much choice about hugging back,
but I tangled my fingers into his shirt all the same and buried my face in the crook of his
neck. He smelt like sweat and chakra and home, and until he’d hugged me, I hadn’t realised
how much tension I’d still been carrying waiting for him to. I closed my eyes and pretended I
didn’t have to let him go.

“Come back,” he said into my hair. “I don’t care how long it takes, I’ll keep going until it’s
safe again, but you have to come back.”

“What is this, one of Jiraiya’s trashy novels?” I mumbled. “I’m not departing with tearful
promises to return. Do you have any idea how cliched that is?”

“Sasuke.”

“Drama queen.” I scrunched my nose, but he seemed serious, so I relented, “I’ll do my best. I
can’t guarantee it’s ever good enough, but. I’ll try.”

He didn’t answer, just held me impossibly tighter for a long moment before he let me go.
When he stepped back, his eyes were over-bright and his lips were pulled tight with the effort
of not saying anything. I nodded, blinked away my own over-brightness (I’d used the
sharingan a lot, it dried my eyes out and made them sting if I pushed it too far, that was
totally it) and bent to collect Urushi in the little-dog hold he was decidedly too big for.

“There’s two chakra signatures out that way,” Karin said, jerking her head to the right of us.
“Not close enough to spot us, and not coming fast, but they’re not far out.”

I tore my eyes away from Naruto and Sakura and focussed my attention on her. “The trees are
the fastest way to travel through the forest,” I said, mentally filling in what I knew of the land
immediately surrounding Konoha. “We’ll stick to the branches, but the canopy will be safer if
they get too close. More places to hide in the leaves.”

“Running,” Gaara deadpanned. “My favourite part of being a missing nin. Can we go to
another town after? There’s only pickled cucumber left, we ate all the food that was good.”

“Pickled cucumber are good. You choose the food next time if you’re fussy.”
“Talk while you move,” I prompted them both, underlining my words by leaping for the
nearest branch. I didn’t look back. There wasn’t any point in looking back, and I had too
much else to focus on anyway. Food, but also some way of fixing Gaara’s ruined shirt, if we
got out of Fire country could we stop somewhere with an actual shower and hot water, where
was the nearest sand and was it en route to Kakashi, how the frick did missing nin missions
work - was there a notice board somewhere? Did we have to advertise? I didn’t want to
advertise, I was meant to be being subtle. Also, my ANBU uniform was very practical, but I
lacked socks. That was a fact that needed to change.

I lied. I looked back once, a glance over my shoulder with my sharingan spinning to capture
the image. They were staring after us, standing with the sort of quiet promise that felt like it
should have been one of Naruto’s inspiration poses, but somehow felt both more and less
optimistic than that. Realer. The inspiration poses belonged to stories, to a version of Naruto
who saw the best in the world because he didn’t understand the worst. Like a wild naivety
that shouldn’t work, that’s why I hated them, but when I looked forward again and stored the
image in my memory it didn’t feel naive.

But; socks. Food. Little things. Day to day problems, the sort that were easy to plan for and
that didn’t cause disasters if they went wrong. Beyond them loomed an uncertain future, with
Orochimaru after Karin and me and Suna potentially looking for Gaara, with Itachi’s reaction
when he got the message I’d sent him by killing the Sandaime and Danzo’s response to me
using the ROOT tunnel and claiming to be on a mission assigned indirectly by him. The
fallout of the war - with Konoha so badly damaged, would Suna and Sound press their
advantage? Would the other hidden villages take notice, would the whole continent end up in
conflict? Crisis bred extremists. Would Danzo seize power, or would Tsunade end up the
Hokage again like she had been before?

I didn’t know. It was impossible to know. But I had an armful of dog and two teammates
running either side of me, with two more in Konoha as well. I wasn’t safe, and I hadn’t fixed
everything, but I wasn’t alone and I was lighter than I had been in a long time. Than I’d ever
been, maybe, since before my family died and Itachi abandoned me with them.

The plan had always been to leave. I’d done that part. The next stage was broadly mapped
out, but the details… I’d work them out when I got to them. It wasn’t improvisation, it was
rapid adjustment of strategy to suit unpredictable circumstances, and it was a necessary life
skill to have.

I tuned back in to the conversation Karin and Gaara were having to discover that Gaara had
never seen ice cream in Suna, and rapidly adjusted my strategy to take the new information
into account.

“Mochi,” I told him. “Ice cream mochi. I’ll make it an A-rank mission to find you some.”

“Cold and sweet doesn’t sound A-rank,” he said dubiously. “Is it that important?”

“Is it that - it’s life changing. You don’t even know what you’re missing, but that’s ok. You’re
with us now, things will be better from here.”
“They make chocolate ones,” Karin offered, too light to be anything other than searching for
a reaction.

I wrinkled my nose at her in outrage and obliged.

“They make - chocolate? What is this, heathen food? Fruit, you need the sharpness to
balance the sweet.”

“What if he doesn’t like sharp though? Maybe he likes chocolate.”

“I’ve never had chocolate either,” Gaara admitted, and Karin nearly missed her next step.

“Strawberry,” I insisted, cutting across both of them. “Try strawberry first, it’s pink and not-
sharp and you’ll love it. Strawberry mochi, nap, clothes, life is going to be great.”

                                             - FIN -

Interlude Afterlude

Orochimaru’s laboratory was hidden, but Hound was good at finding things. Uhei was better.
They weren’t yet at the place the Sound nin had said Sasuke was being kept - or, the Konoha
girl with dojutsu was being kept, but the description matched Sasuke well enough - and for
the sake of the mission, Hound should’ve gone past the lab and kept going.

Kakashi didn’t.

It didn’t make sense for Sasuke to go to Sound. Even if she was rescuing a friend, something
wasn’t right. It didn’t make sense for Itachi to act the way he had done, not if he was the
missing nin he’d been made out to be. It didn’t make sense, and Kakashi wanted to know. He
didn’t expect to learn anything about Itachi in Orochimaru’s lab, but about Sasuke, maybe,
why Orochimaru seemed so confident he could recruit her, why Jiraiya had been so ready to
believe she would turn.

The lab was trapped. Uhei waited outside, keeping watch and avoiding tripping any of the
eclectic selection of seals that formed the main alarm system. Kakashi used a jutsu to create
chakra dead-zones around each of his feet and moved silently through the room. He wasn’t
looking for anything in particular, just information, but he found far more than that.

The sharingan. Detailed diagrams, studies of each evolution. The mangekyou. A theorised
further stage beyond the mangekyou. Optical degeneration. The data-transfer cap caused by a
non-Uchiha optical nerve and the inefficient chakra drain resulting from it. Analysis of data
from implanting living sharingan into arm tissue, and enough notes to identify to whom the
arm belonged.

Izanagi. An as yet untested way to reverse death itself, with a side note that Danzo may have
used it already and decided not to share.

Itachi’s mangekyou. The effect it had had on Sasuke, and suggested experiments to find out
how loosely her soul was attached. Detailed preliminary observations of her inability to feel
killing intent, of her stunted height and chakra reserves, of ways to fix both and shape her
into something powerful and strong. A thought that if her body was accustomed to a loose
soul, it may more readily take a foreign one, with a vague outline of a seal design that could
store a person’s consciousness while their mind was occupied by someone else.

Beyond that - a sketch of another sharingan design, accompanied by a one-eyed swirl mask
and a question mark by Madara’s name. A record of a failed attempt to resurrect Madara.
Records of successful attempts to resurrect the first and second Hokage, soured by the
imperfect and temporary nature of their return. A breakdown of the shinigami seal Minato
had used to defeat the kyuubi, and an attempt to isolate the part that defined the soul-sacrifice
and swap it out for another person’s soul instead. A drawing of a boy with orange hair and
piercings, labelled dojutsu-based body switch? and a dissected image of Sasori of the Red
Sand that concluded puppetry was a poor imitation of immortality. Another paper on the
same orange haired boy, this one with a single word written underneath: Uzumaki. A list of
Uzumaki descendants and the possible locations their parents may have fled to, each one
carefully marked. Deceased, unusable, diluted; deceased, unsuitable, Karin. Her mother,
apparently, had been drained of her life force through consecutive high-powered healings.
Preliminary tests to see if Karin was similarly limited showed positive initial results; she’d
brought Sasuke back to full health after Gaara had crushed her beyond her natural ability to
survive.

Orochimaru’s research was meticulous and thorough. It spanned years, tracking the
disappointing dead ends of Akatsuki and the annoyance of endless imperfections that
amounted to unsustainable techniques. It narrowed with terrifying intensity onto the
sharingan as the solution, latching onto Sasuke as the key that would finally break the lock. It
was patient, and persistent; it began in Konoha before Orochimaru was driven out, and the
earliest papers were written as official reports and approved by the Hokage’s seal. It said that
Orochimaru had been tasked by Konoha to find the secret to immortality. It said the
sharingan was the answer. It said Danzo required a steady supply to fuel his Izanagi. It said
that Orochimaru wanted Sasuke, and he wasn’t going to stop.

Kakashi pulled his headband down over his own sharingan, storing the last document in
chakra-enhanced memory, and reset the security seals over the research. He was silent as he
left the lab. He’d been silent entering it. This was a different sort. He aimed for the room
where Sasuke was supposedly being kept, and he stayed silent, in his footsteps, his words, his
thoughts.

He didn’t allow himself to be Hound.

Under the shrine in the Uchiha compound, on the banks of the Naka river, was a tablet. There
were people in Konoha Itachi didn’t want it to reach. When he thought Sasuke died, he acted
like his whole world died with her. There was a man in Akatsuki with an orange mask and a
mangekyou sharingan, and Orochimaru couldn’t raise Madara from the dead.

Kakashi didn’t know what Akatsuki was. Red dawn, but he didn’t recognise the significance.

Sasuke hadn’t treated her brother like an enemy, and after meeting him, she’d run from
Konoha at the first opportunity and killed people on the way out so they’d never take her
back.
  Kakashi didn’t allow himself to be Hound because Hound prioritised the mission, and just
  then, Kakashi didn’t know if that was right. He didn’t know what Akatsuki was, but the red-
  black cloaks Orochimaru had drawn had been distinctive, and Sasori at least was high profile
  enough to track. Itachi had been his responsibility once. ANBU Weasel, thirteen years old
  and peace-loving, the youngest member of Hound’s squad and the one he failed the most.

  He disabled four separate seals on Sasuke’s door and used a thread of chakra to pick the final
  lock. The door clicked open; in the back of his mind Kakashi planned a route that would take
  them out through Iron, at least until he had more of a lead on Akatsuki’s - on Itachi’s -
  location. He slipped into the room under henge, Uhei at his heels, already scanning it for any
  sign of -

  “Um,” Hyuuga Hinata said, staring at him through mis-matched implanted eyes. “Um! Sorry,
  I don’t - um, I can’t see you very well. Do you need me for another test?”

                               -FIN (for real and actual this time)-



Chapter End Notes



    ... jazz hands

    I don't know what you're meant to say when you finish a fic that took two years and half
    your soul to complete. Thank you so much to everyone who's read, who's commented,
    who's kudosed or thrown emojis around on the discord; I appreciate you all so much,
    and you're absolutely the reason this fic ended up as big as it did and as finished as it
    did. I've loved reading your thoughts and seeing your reactions, and I've loved writing
    this fic for you! The biggest kudos to all of you.

    I know some people have been wondering about where the story goes from here; the
    honest answer is a vaguely hwueh? sound of uncertainty but I do have some thoughts. I
    also have no plans at the moment for a sequel so if it would satisfy your curiosity, I've
    summarised the vague plotline of where the sequel would have gone and stuck it in
    Surplus as the final chapter there.

    But! I hope the ending was satisfying. I hope it was worth the wait! A lot of loose ends
    to tie up and plotlines to bring together, I really hope it paid off (and that none of you are
    too angry at me for the post credits scene) but I think I'm mostly going to hope that you
    enjoyed reading, and sign off there with a final thank you for reading on to the end.

    <3!
End Notes



    Discord link? Discord link.



     Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!
