Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Abusing Tropes In A Generic Anime World For Maximum Bullshit
 Thread starterSkrubchap  Start dateOct 10, 2023  Tagsfate high school dxd meta mobile suit gundam multicross oregairu spy x family
Created
Oct 10, 2023
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
8,628
Recent readers
2
Threadmarks
52
Premise of the story: Person reincarnates in Anime Japan and makes use of tropes because why the fuck not.
Last edited: May 12, 2024
Threadmarks Index Extras
Statistics (36 threadmarks, 325k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Chapter 1
Words 2.6k
Oct 10, 2023
Chapter 2
Words 3.5k
Oct 14, 2023
New
Chapter 34
Words 9k
Jul 11, 2026
New
Chapter 35
Words 8.8k
Jul 26, 2026
New
Chapter 36
Words 10k
Aug 14, 2026
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 1
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Oct 10, 2023
Add bookmark
#1
Premise of the story: Person reincarnates in Anime Japan and makes use of tropes because why the fuck not.

Also, the multicross elements is "inspired" from different works because author doesn't know enough of each source material and is too lazy to read em.

Chapter 1

The sky was gloomy like it was about to rain, and the park was devoid of people.

She had gone here to clear her mind instead of attending the club. She didn't want to meet Makoto-kun or Kaede yet. She can't stand the current atmosphere of the club, their dynamic getting stifled with an unsaid tension. Everything feels forced, and it hurts to see her valued friendships getting turned into that.

Which is why she, Yuki Yanai, walked on the deserted park to clear her mind from everything.


Spoiler

She alone walked in the park that day. The place was popular for many during spring because of the blooming Sakura trees, but for the fall season, there was not much reason for people to come to this place.

It also made it harder for other people to look for her. No one would suspect her being here for now. Perhaps Makoto-kun and Kaede would be worried where she went, and this way they wouldn't find her. And it's not like there's not much to do in the club for today either. She checked.

She hoped they'd be fine with her being selfish for now.

"Perhaps confessing that day was a mistake…" she muttered.

She knew that when she took the chance, things wouldn't be the same. She knew her feelings about Makoto-kun despite the way they might act towards each other and the thought that they could become more made her heart soar. For all his personality flaws, the boy had become someone that she trusts.

But it was obvious that she wasn't the only one feeling that way. Her valued friend, Kaede, was undoubtedly feeling the same way. She had seen the looks the girl gave him. It took a while to acknowledge it, but they were both pining for the same person.

And now the three of them, who simply enjoyed each other's presence in the club, out of desire to turn things into something much more - things had become complicated.

The thought made her chuckle ruefully, and as if sensing her mood the weather turned gloomier. It looked like it was about to rain, with the wind rustling the nearby trees and bringing the humid scent of rainfall with it. She supposed that she had to bring out her umbrella soon, especially with the sound of crackers being chewed—

…Crackers being chewed?

She blinked and turned to the noise, and there she saw that this whole time, there had been somebody sitting on a bench near from where she was. She realized that the person sitting there wore a uniform from the same school as her, and the person simply lounged on the bench while eating snacks as if without a care in the world.

A familiar memory tickled the back of her mind. She recognized this person - this was somebody from her class, albeit someone she never talked to.

"That person… Basa-kun, right…?"

The munching stopped, and his eyes turned to her as if acknowledging her for the first time.

"Hm?" he titled his head curiously. "Hold on, aren't you that girl from my class?"

Yuki found herself unable to speak for a moment. She was never the closest to her classmates, and while she would maintain a polite relationship with them, she never really focused on them. This person however was someone she never interacted with and had stuck to her mind - and for good reason at that.


Spoiler

Basa-kun was known for being a delinquent. Putting aside his tanned and fit appearance that was so reminiscent of gyaru fashion, there were plenty of rumors popping up around him and most of them weren't good to hear. She never was someone to believe such baseless rumors, especially with her falling victim to jealous bullies during middle school, but this was an exception.

Then there was also that odd tendency to arrive in class soaked with something. It was a strange quirk that was almost comical with how often it happens. He just seems to be unlucky when around any liquid in general.

Nevertheless, her classmate was plenty strange. She was also positive that he was someone that Yuki didn't want to interact with no matter what. And right now she was left alone in this deserted park with such a person.

Something must have appeared on her face as he gave her a raised brow.

"Hey, what's with that expression? Oh, I get it - it's because you're thinking that I'm a thug, aren't you? That's rude." Yuki blinked in surprise at his statement, making him roll his eyes. "I'll have you know that this tanned skin is entirely natural and not because I'm some gyaru-o character. I'd say you're stereotyping… but I guess that's already given for anime bullshit."

…What?

Before she could process what he said, she was interrupted with him shoving the food in his mouth and speaking to her once more.

"So, what are you doing here in this lonely park? Don't you have people to talk to? Maybe things to monologue about? Problems to drama on?" he quipped with his mouth full of food.

His mocking tone, even if she didn't understand his words, made her eyes narrow at him. "I believe that is none of your business." she responded harshly.

"Hm… hold on, the sky is gloomy, and you're alone. You must have come here monologuing about some problem or something. If I remember, you have a club right? That's right, only three members - you, a boy, and another girl. I'm guessing a love triangle, or maybe even mutual affections?" Yuki stiffened at his words as he swallowed his snack and rubbed his chin in thought. "And it was just the school festival recently. Something must have happened to cause some drama there."

Then, his eyes widened as he put his fist in his palm in realization.

"Oh, you two must have confessed in the festival and things must have been awkward or something! I think that's an appropriate drama." he turned to her. "So, am I right? That's what happened, isn't it?"

Yuki's throat was dry, and she looked at the person in front of her with no small amount of shock and even a little bit of fear. She took a slight step back.

"H-How…?" she asked, voice slightly hoarse.

He somehow rolled his eyes. Rolled his eyes at that. "It's predictable. It's a given that there's gonna be drama in that school every week no matter what happens." he shook his head in dismay. "Seriously, for people with unrealistically high empathy you drama characters can be dumb. This is why I prefer shounen, things are more simple there even when things get rowdy or cheesy."

Yuki was speechless, her confusion completely overwhelming her.

"What…? What are you even saying!? I don't understand!"

What was this person saying? Is he right in the head, or was he just messing with her? Why is he talking about fiction genres and characters? How was he, a stranger, able to know her entire situation like it was nothing!?

Then, before she could voice out all of those, all those grind to a halt when she felt something in the world change. Like everything just went still, followed by a complete feeling of dread that suffused within her and struck her to her core.

And it was coming from somewhere.

She turned to the direction of the source of the feeling… and what she saw there was nothing short of an image brought forth by a terrible nightmare.

Right there was a monster in parody of a woman, with only the top half being a naked beauty that would've ensnared anyone like a deadly siren on the sea and the bottom half being a monstrous spider-like body with a terribly horrifying mouth on where its private parts are supposed to be.

"Oh~? Prey within my territory~? It's been a while since I had my last human!" the monster said sensually.

Yuki's eyes were wide and bloodshot, taking in the unbelieving sight in front of her. This… this wasn't real, right? Monsters aren't real, right? She was losing her mind right now, right? Of course, of course. At first she meets someone who talks as if real life was fiction and now she was looking at a monster - of course she was losing her mind!

She desperately turned to the other person with her, about to shout to her classmate or maybe even babble incoherently, she didn't really know—

—Only to be met with the sight of him with an expression of slight surprise while looking at the monster.

"That's strange, it shouldn't be appearing right now." he said.

Something shattered inside her with how calmly he said that.

And as the monster pounced at them, Yuki screamed as loudly as she could.

Tropes. The DNA of the Story.

Tropes are an idea that recur in any narrative media. It is ever-present, a concept that appears again and again in the same or altered form. Because in the depths of the human psyche which governs creativity, whence all stories come forth, are also governed in the same pattern-liking that our brains operate on. Thus, it follows that stories would have repeating elements as well.

In other words, for something to be a story, then there has to be tropes. And for there to be tropes, then there has to be a story. Two concepts that cannot be separated, as one defines the other intrinsically.

So, what exactly does all that mean?

Well, it means that if I have to live in a world that operates on a narrative, then it is logical that a world like that would also have tropes to follow.

Because the simple fact is that I, Basa-kun, was reincarnated… into something that can only be described as an "Anime world".

And all the implications that come with it.

My hand stopped the stray demon as it went for an overhead swipe with its spider-like appendages when it pounced. There was a squawk of surprise when I did so, but I ignored it in favor of focusing on the monster right in front of me.

My muscles barely even strained in effort blocking that attack so this stray demon must be one of the weaker ones. Relatively weak that is - the demon hit like a truck, but my shounen training from hell has paid dividends in allowing me to do shit like this. Still, it could've been worse and if it was this weak then it makes things easier for me.

The most curious thing however was that it appeared when the heroine was around. It just wasn't supposed to do that since they're entirely different genres. Did I mistake the type of genre the heroine belonged to, then? Or was it my presence that changed things?

Curious. Very curious.

The bewitching woman that made the top-half of the demon's body looked at me in puzzlement. "Hm~? A prey fighting back?" she said in surprise. "That's strange, you feel like a normal human but how—?"

Oh, it's monologuing. Chance.

I threw a water balloon I procured specifically for this situation towards its large lower mouth, and it closed reflexively in surprise from my sudden action. The balloon managed to get in though, and I heard it audibly popping as the sharp teeth maw shredded it.

Spreading the holy water inside the balloon inside the stray demon and splashing some on me as well.

I frowned as I felt my uniform get soaked. Ugh, trust my character quirk appearing in inconvenient times.

"—GYAAAAAAAH!!! WHAT DID YOU DO!?!?" my attention returned to the stray demon as it shouted in pain, its body losing strength at swallowing incredibly concentrated holy water. "I'M, I'M BURNING…!"

I kept a close eye as the miracle liquid worked its magic and purified the stray demon from the inside. It tried to weakly reach for me with its hands but I simply batted it away. In no time the demon lurched, before its monstrous form eventually turned to ash.

And just like that a potential problem in this park is solved. Seriously, out of all places it could hide in it chose somewhere nearby a drama school. Not like the two genres would interact, but as an exception I might get swept with whatever shenanigans if I just happened to be near.

I let out a satisfied exhale. "Well, that settles that."

I turned around and went to leave—

"W-Wait!"

Oh, right. I knew I was forgetting something.

I glanced back to the heroine, who was looking at me with confusion and fear in her eyes. Understandable, since a few minutes earlier she was living in an entirely different world than the one she found herself now. How should I deal with this…?

"Right, right." what was her name again? "Yuki… was it? Please don't tell anyone what happened here. Well, even if you do it's not like anyone will believe you, but I'd appreciate it if you don't do it. Doing that will be more trouble than it's worth. Trust me." I said to her. "Just forget about this whole thing and move on with your life."

Alright, warning given. I'm sure she'll still be snooping around, but at least I reminded her of the fact of how it might affect her if she just thoughtlessly tried to spread things. After saying my piece the heroine didn't say anything so I took that as a chance to leave, walking away and leaving her alone in her thoughts.

The genre she stays in will prevent her from seeing more, so things are effectively over.

…

…Aah, I just totally set up a flag didn't I?

Yuki watched as her enigmatic classmate left, her mind awhirl with thoughts about what had just happened.

Monsters, people getting strong enough to fight those monsters - it seemed something out of fiction, like one of those low-brow light novels Makoto-kun reads. And if that person's statements were to be believed, then fictional logic operated in real life as well.

She didn't know what to do with all this. He had a point when saying that no one would believe her if she told other people - the only thing that would accomplish was tear her reputation to shreds, or in the worst case scenario, treat her like she was insane.

That meant that she couldn't say anything about it to others. But she doesn't want to let things lie like that either. She wants to know what happened, out of her own concern for her safety and peace of mind.

And if she wanted to make sense of what had happened, the logical conclusion was to investigate things itself from the source.

"Basa-kun… just who is that person?"

Somehow, her previous problems were much smaller than she thought.
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, Sir_dood134 and 2,662 others
Skrubchap
Oct 10, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 2
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Oct 14, 2023
Add bookmark
#81
Was supposed to finish this earlier but I suddenly got sick and it fucked me over real bad. Anyway, here it goes.

And since I saw a quite reasonable post requesting to say the source material; today's inspired anime include references to DxD and Fate.

Edit: Changed the names of DxD Expies because it's gonna get confusing down the line.
Chapter 2

A whole day had gone by since the incident, and not once was Yuki able to sleep with what she witnessed yesterday never leaving her mind. She had tried to follow her enigmatic classmate yesterday only to fail when she realized she was no longer anywhere in the area, leaving her to dwell helplessly on the revelations thrown at her.

As much as she wanted to stay home in case monsters that she thought didn't exist would eat her, she knew that if she wanted an explanation she had no choice but to attend school. And that was exactly what she did - she came to class early, slightly paranoid of her surroundings, before arriving in her classroom like usual.

Yuki's classmates all arrived slightly later. They talked about mundane things, clueless of the monsters lurking around them. It was surreal to see people acting this way now that she knew better. She ignored the unreasonable anger and envy of them continuing to live life that way, and crushed the temptation to just tell the truth to her classmates about what she saw yesterday.

That would be nothing but foolishness since no one will believe her.

Then, minutes before homeroom would start, he arrived.

The sliding door opened to reveal Basa-kun whose uniform was completely soaked as usual. No one commented on it and he was entirely ignored, with people not wanting to associate themselves with a known delinquent. He then wordlessly walked to his seat before sitting down on it.

Yuki discreetly stared at her classmate. She should've questioned it further, but why does he always get wet? Such a thing isn't normal. Even if a person can be said as "unlucky", there has to be some sort of limit to it. But no - her classmate seems to be getting doused with liquids around him in general.

Then there are the more stranger qualities about him. This high school is unforgiving with delinquency as it is an elite school in their prefecture. What's more, she can recall one or two times when he visibly isn't listening to class. Despite that, he remained in the school.

She suspects there's some sort of foul play involved. Hypnosis, perhaps…? With what she saw yesterday, it was definitely something possible.

But then if that was the case, why didn't he use it on her when she saw the monster—?

"Yuki~! Good morning!"

Her train of thought was interrupted with a familiar voice, and she stopped looking at Basa-kun and turned to see the one who greeted her. There she saw a familiar girl with a sunny disposition which she had come to associate with a valued friend.


Spoiler

"Good morning, Kaede." she greeted back.

Kaede looked at her, then to the direction that she was looking at. Her brows furrowed. "Um… were you looking at Basa-kun just now…? Should I be worried?"

Yuki kept her expression still and dismissed her worries with a shake of her head. "Don't worry, Kaede. It's nothing." she paused. "I was just wondering why he's always wet whenever he arrives in class."

"Is that so…? I mean, I guess it's strange…" she trails off, but she could tell from her expression that she was unconvinced. Nevertheless, she didn't push. "Still, Yuki! Why didn't you go to our club yesterday!? Me and Makoto-kun were worried about you when you didn't show up, you know!"

She winced. "I'm sorry, but there was an emergency and I wasn't able to tell you…" she was lying, but it's not like she could tell the truth, could she? "Did something happen at the club that I missed? I had to leave in a hurry yesterday."

"Well there wasn't any request for us, so it was just free time. It was boring though, so I tried asking Makoto-kun some things. Did you know that he—"

She listened to Kaede's stories half-heartedly as she described what she and Makoto-kun had been up to yesterday. It wasn't her focus though, with her mind fixated on a certain classmate that she'll interrogate later on to know the truth of what happened yesterday.

Because she's going to get her answers.

One way or another.

I wasn't oblivious to the fact that a certain heroine had been eyeing me the moment I arrived in class.

Just as expected, even after warning her, she would be stubborn about it and would probably be hunting me down to ask me later. Not like it's going to be a problem - school is getting boring nowadays, and this has been the most interesting thing up to date.

Still, I can't help but think of the heroine as a source of curiosity, ever since yesterday.

Because the thing is, as I have commented, the heroine wasn't supposed to be at that park and meet the monster.

There are rules to this world. For a world with its inhabitants living out a story, something needs to control it slightly so that it wouldn't devolve into chaos. A story's setting needs to be coherent - and that wouldn't work if everything is a mish mash of different ideas born from different stories. That's just one example as there are plenty more reasons, but nevertheless it shows there is a need for control.

And one of the main rules of this world is this: stories of different genres generally don't interact with one another.

Drama-centered stories generally wouldn't interact with shounen-centered ones. These stories have conflicting nature and could be found metaphorically - or literally - in different worlds. Drama stories are mostly found in the mundane, while shounen stories can be found in fantastical and action-oriented settings mostly hidden from the public eye. The characters themselves would be different as well, with drama characters being more complicated and have more depth than shounen characters in general.

Of course there are exceptions to this rule. Multi-genre stories are one of them. Then there are also backstories, but that's a different beast entirely.

Still, that goes back to the heroine. She, a drama character, had no business in being in a place where a shounen antagonist is located. I'd given it some thought, thinking that it may be my influence, but I was pretty sure that even if I wasn't there the stray demon would still notice and eat her. Then I thought that it was a case of me mistaking the genre she belonged to, thinking she belonged to a school drama instead of something along the lines of "mundane girl encounters the supernatural and becomes a magical girl" type of story.

In that case, that would make me the teacher type of character that would guide her in the supernatural. I dismissed that as well, because I was pretty sure that I was still a side character in the eyes of the world. My "side character quirk" after living in a relatively simple shounen setting is still present. I also ran some tests; some simple mind scanning spells along with spiritual meditation showed my baseline mind and soul is still the same, and self-divination showed our fates being untangled. At no point did I become a teacher type of character - which is great news, because being that type of character usually carried plenty of death flags that it could stab them.

…Though I guess I can leave out the ponderings for later. The staring was getting a bit unnerving, so I stood up and went to the rooftop when it was lunch.

Predictably, there was no one around despite it being a popular place for many stories. And since the flag I planted yesterday dictates that she must be around, I called for the heroine.

"I know you're there. You've been pretty much staring at me the whole morning, so if you've got something to say then here's your chance."

There was a moment of silence, then the door to the rooftop opened to reveal the girl herself.

I gave her a raised brow. "Did anyone see you coming here? Because if they see a heroine like you meeting a delinquent like me, there's gonna be plenty of misunderstandings."

And wasn't that a source of frustration to me for quite some time. It's not my fault I look straight out of an NTR doujin manga!

The heroine blushed a bit as she understood the implication, before shaking her head and giving me a glare. "No, no one saw me go up here. I made sure of that."

She can say that, but with how bullshit the world is, you can never be too sure. I hummed, trying to decide in my mind the appropriate spell in my repertoire for this situation, before choosing and discreetly casting a spell that detects nearby lifeforms that I stole from those magi that I encountered a while back.

"Well, I guess you're telling the truth, heroine." I commented when the spell brought back a negative.

"Can you stop calling me that? I have a name. It's Yuki Yanai." she growled.

"Sure. Yanai, then." I acquiesced, shrugging. "So, what brings you here and what do you want with dear ol' me?"

She took a deep breath. "What do I want? What I want… is an explanation."

I hummed at that. "Explanation about what?"

"Please don't play dumb with me." she said with eyes narrowed. "I want an explanation of everything! The monster that tried to eat me, you fighting that monster - and you acting like, like the world is some sort of story!"

"Did that happen? I don't think that happened. Are you sure you're not just becoming crazy?"

"You just called me a 'heroine' not a second ago!"

"Oh yeah - uh, I mean no I didn't do that."

"You…!"

I watched as the heroine visibly exhaled to calm herself down, before glaring straight at me. Wow, that's a really scary glare. If those could kill then I'd be dead plenty of times over you know?

"You are being difficult." she started after a while. "Fine, be that way. But know this - I won't stop trying to find the truth out of you. And if you won't give me what I want… well, I know that you said that no one would believe me, but that wouldn't stop me from spreading the truth through different means."

…Say what?

I gave her a confused face. "What are you talking about?"

"You want to keep a low profile, don't you?" she pointed out. "Something that prevents you from putting things out in the open. For someone who has access to supernatural powers, especially for a delinquent like you—"

"Oi, I'm not a delinquent."

"—Then the fact that you're not using your powers recklessly and have to hide it means that you want to keep yourself hidden. And if you're not going to tell the truth of what happened yesterday to me… then I'll do everything in my power to make sure that you won't be able to stay hidden no matter what."

I raised an eyebrow at that. "Everything in your power? Power as what? A highschool student?"

"No." her glare hardened. "My power as the daughter of the Yanai Family, which has a seat in the National Diet along with a considerable influence on the Japanese Conglomerate."

I hummed at that.

Of course, of course. Rich daughter of a powerful family… She must be the modern princess type of heroine. Should've expected this sort of thing really, but she certainly doesn't act like a typical ojou-sama though. I guess with how subdued she is and with the way she doesn't consciously show off her wealth, she must be the rich and lonely sort of type.

Still, isn't this a bit too reckless? She should know that I have the advantage here. I'm the one with the powers, and she doesn't know what I could do to her. Not like I'll hurt her though, but she doesn't know that. So why would she try to threaten me even knowing that fact? And with me less than a few meters in front of her even. Isn't this kind of threat better done without it being face to face?

Drama characters are hyperempathetic and have greater mental acuity than any other genres, and that combo somehow leads to overthinking and misunderstandings which is the source of conflict in their stories. What they do not do is to make rash, reckless decisions that could potentially end their lives. No, that sort of thing belongs to shounen.

So why do this at all?

My eyes tracked her form, and I noticed something strange. I walked towards the heroine, who stiffened at my movement but still maintained her glare at me, before stopping right in front of her and forcing her to look up to me as I towered over her from our sheer height difference.

Then I swiped the cleverly hidden object underneath her uniform's blazer, making her squawk.

"So," I mused as I held the object with my hands. "You're recording this with your phone, huh?"

"G-Give, give that back!" she shouted, trying to swipe it but I kept it out of reach and put a hand on her shoulder. The heroine tried to struggle, but a firm hand made her unable to throw my grip off.

"Hm, and by the looks of it, it's going to upload the recording automatically somewhere. I guess this is insurance if I was going to hurt you? Or rather, were you hoping for me to do that? And the whole threat was just bait for me to make me reveal myself. Smart." I frowned. "Still a bit reckless, but at least there's some thought put into it."

The heroine stopped struggling, and adopted a despaired expression. For a moment she didn't speak as she looked down… then she weakfully whispered something that barely caught with my ears. "...It's also in case you used hypnosis too."

"Oh, that's a good point. I guess assuming hypnosis exists is logical when you witness the supernatural. If I hypnotized you and made you forget, then you'd still remember what happened because of the recording… Good reasoning, but I generally don't mindwipe if I can help it. It's a lot harder than it sounds." I commented.

The heroine didn't reply, but she did look up and give me another glare. Though this one was less assured and more of putting up a front, judging by the slight shaking of her figure.

"S-So, you've got me cornered, good for you. What are you going to do now?" she clenched her fists. "Hypnotize me? Silence me? K-Kill me?"

I raised a brow, deleting the recording on the phone. I then gave the phone back to her, the heroine taking it with surprise, and took a few steps back from her personal space.

"You want answers right?" I shrugged. "Sure, I'll tell you."

She paused at that, and what I had said seemed to have broken something in the heroine as she looked at me like I was some sort of metafictional anomaly. "...Pardon?"

"I said I'll tell you." I repeated.

"Y-You will? Just like that!?"

"Yes." I rolled my eyes. "Should I say it again? Yeah, I'll explain it to you."

A familiar expression came to her face, and I realized it was the same face she made when she was overwhelmed with the sheer confusion of what happened yesterday. "...W-Why? I just threatened you, didn't I? You're just going to let me go?"

"Are you complaining about that?" I chuckled. "And no, you didn't threaten me. At all. At no point was I in any danger in this situation - You're gonna need something more if you want to threaten me."

The heroine looks like she wants to say more, but nothing seemingly came out as words failed her.

I shook my head. "Anyway, if you're serious about wanting to know more then meet me after your club hours. I'll give you the full explanation after that. So for now…" I gestured for her to go away. "Shoo shoo. Go bother someone else."

The heroine bit her lip, looking at me doubtfully for a few moments… then ultimately nodded her head. She then turned around and left the rooftop - and thankfully, no witnesses around to see her as she did so.

I waited for her to be truly gone before I relaxed.

Then, I brought out my trusty notepad and pen.


Spoiler

I smiled as I finished penning my notes.

"This was a very productive day."

Meanwhile, as those events occurred, there was also something happening in another school that was previously an all-girl high school. In this certain place, a mansion-like building situated within the outskirts of the school grounds acted as the base of operations of a certain club.

Inside it was a blonde male student. He was someone who could be described as bewitchingly handsome, with a disarming smile on his face that would certainly capture the hearts of many women. He walked inside the mansion's halls, until he stopped at a certain door and knocked on it gently.

"Come in." an elegant voice said from the inside.

He did so, slipping inside the room and closing the door behind him. There, he was met with a red-haired female student who sat behind a table, in a room that looked like her office.

If the blonde was described as incredibly handsome, then the red-haired woman can only then be described as sinfully beautiful. A perfect body that - man or woman - would lust over, along with a face that would give any model a run for their money. She was a beauty beyond compare.

The blonde bowed respectfully at her. "Buchou, I've come bearing reports."

"Oh?" she let out a smile. "Let's hear it then, Kiba."

"The… stray demon had disappeared, Buchou." Kiba reported, tone slightly chagrined. "We finished investigating the park where the stray demon had situated itself. Unfortunately, we found that the demon was nowhere to be found. When we thought that it might have detected us and had retained enough mental faculties to flee, we tried to search for signs in nearby areas… But even then it turned out useless."

The red-haired woman hummed in thought. "Stray demons aren't known for being subtle. So for them to not show any signs then someone must have gotten rid of them."

"Yes, that was our thought too."

The red-haired woman's striking blue eyes stared straight at the blonde's. "Was it the church?"

She was answered with a shake of the head. "We detected no use of holy energy in the area, but it could be because it already diffused from the world's influence after so long. Koneko and Akeno are currently investigating nearby churches as we speak as well, but there are no signs of exorcists around either." he shook his head. "Koneko - she suggested that it could be a magus who did it."

"Hm, that stray demon is dangerous enough to murder plenty of other demons." the red-haired woman frowned. "Are you saying that a magus that we don't know that is strong enough to defeat such a demon is in our territory?"

"It's the most plausible theory, buchou."

There was a moment's silence with the woman as she thoughtfully absorbed the information.

Then, she stood up and walked towards the door of her office.

The blonde looked at her in surprise. "Rias-buchou?"

"Continue monitoring the church, just in case they did try anything and were just hiding it." Rias said calmly as she passed by him. "And tell Sona I wouldn't be able to meet her later since something came up."

"I'll… do so, but what will you be doing?"

The red-haired woman stopped as she reached the door, and turned around to give the blonde a smile.


Spoiler

"I'll be investigating this - an unknown magus is probably around in my town, and that's a cause of concern."

Her eyes then narrowed.

"And I think I have an idea on where to start."
Last edited: Oct 14, 2023
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, Sir_dood134 and 2,318 others
Skrubchap
Oct 14, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 3
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Oct 31, 2023
Add bookmark
#192
Sorry for the massive delay. It's been, what, two weeks? College gave me a fuckload of things to deal with so I didn't have much time to write. I think things will be back to normal after this.

Also, in regards to the names of the expies, I'll just do whatever I want and commit to that.

Chapter 3

I walked in the streets with the heroine in tow.

The place was deserted as we walked, but it wasn't due to the fact that there was a stray demon like last time. No, it was just because it was that time of day that there weren't many people around because we were at a residential area at night. We passed under street lights, only encountering the odd car or so as it drove by.

Just as I had promised, I waited for her after club hours had ended. The sun was already starting to set when the heroine arrived from her club and she looked quite shocked that I did keep my word. She looked like she fully expected that I would've left already.

Well, if I had my way I'd have left though, so it's not like she's wrong on getting surprised.

Still though, the heroine was tense and she lagged a bit behind, keeping me in her sights at all times. Aside from showing slight surprise, she hadn't spoken a word to me after our conversation at school and any time after that.

After a while though, it looked like she couldn't hold in her question that had been visibly burning in her mind since I asked her to follow me.

"...Where are we going?" the heroine asked.

"Towards my apartment." I answered simply. "We're here already, actually."

The heroine followed the hand I pointed at a nearby apartment complex. "You're… bringing me to your apartment?"

"Yep."

As it was nearby, it took only a short walk to arrive at the building itself. And after climbing a few flights of stairs, we eventually arrived at the floor where my apartment is located. The heroine also looked around warily like she was in some alien, dangerous place, clearly suspicious of why I brought her here.

As we passed by the other neighboring apartments to get to mine however, I encountered a familiar face just about to enter their own. It was a woman carrying grocery bags looking like she just came back from a supermarket.

The woman looked at me in pleasant surprise. "Hm? Ara, is that you, Basa-kun?"

"Aoki-san. Good evening." I greeted.


Spoiler

The woman gave me a bright smile as she approached and stood in front of me. I was taller than the woman, so she had to look up. "Did you just come back from school, Basa-kun?"

"I did, yes."

"I see. Then did you have dinner already? Because I was just about to cook some. We could eat dinner together that way."

Aoki Yumiko. A widow living inside an apartment neighboring mine.

The woman in front of me is a beautiful piece of specimen filled with womanly curves, and complete with the apron and that hairstyle - this woman oozed the incredible sex appeal of a milf. The best type of girl in my very humble opinion.

The woman then leaned a bit, but there was a slight change in her expression as she gave me a sultry smile along with a gaze with barely-hidden desire.

"Then you can stay in my apartment for tonight again… if you'd like."

Yup, the best kind.

I certainly appreciated the sight of seeing such a woman, but unfortunately, I don't really have the time currently to appreciate it as a whole for now. Especially since I can feel the heroine's eyes boring at me from behind as she undoubtedly forms a very unflattering understanding of the situation.

"Sorry, Aoki-san. That'll have to wait." I apologized with a sheepish smile. "Maybe next time?"

The woman blinked at surprise, before her eyes looked behind me and suddenly realized that the heroine was actually standing there. She then put a hand on her mouth in surprise.

"Oh, Basa-kun! You're with a girl right now?" her eyes twinkled in mischief. "I see, I see. So that's how it is."

I sighed. "You're misunderstanding, Aoki-san."

The mature woman let out a giggle. "Am I? Just let me know how it goes after, Basa-kun." the woman then stepped back to the door to her apartment and opened the door, but not without looking back at us. She then gave a wink aimed at the heroine. "You're quite lucky you know. Good luck~!"

The heroine blushed at that. Meanwhile I just shook my head in exasperation.

As expected from someone from the adult genre. She's one kinky woman.

I then approached the door beside the one Aoki-san opened. Putting a hand on the door of my apartment and opening it, I went ahead inside, but then I paused on my tracks when I realized that the heroine wasn't following me inside as she just stood in front of the entrance.

I look at her in confusion. "What's wrong? Why're you just standing there?"

She was quiet for a moment.

"This… isn't some trap to lure me into your house, right?"

I gave her a flat look. "Are you for real right now? Are you really going to do this song and dance about misunderstanding things?"

"..."

I palmed my face and let out a sigh. "Look - I want to do this in my home because it's the safest place I know since we can't really discuss this in public. You never really know who might be listening." I explained. "Now are you just going to stand there or are we really doing this? You're the one who wanted to ask for answers."

The heroine still looked hesitant but she did go inside when the facts were laid out in front of her. She looked around the place warily, before she glared at me. "If you ask me to go to your bedroom then I'm leaving."

I ignored her glare. "Sure. We're going to be talking in my office anyway."

That made her pause. "Office? This apartment couldn't have more than three rooms with how small it is."

"You'll be glad to see just how little real estate matters whenever magic is involved." I commented as I headed for the door to the bathroom. "Anyway, just stay there and wait for a bit."

I held up a finger and summoned a spatial key. I could feel the heroine's eyes lock onto myself as she watched me make a magic circle appear at the end of my finger then point it on the door knob. Before I could unlock it though and go to the office, I felt something flare up within me that made me stop.

My eyes narrowed in thought as I parsed that particular sensation.

"What's wrong?" the heroine asked in slight concern.

It took me a moment to answer.

"...I just had a bad feeling."

The foreboding feeling, also known as the Sixth SenseTM​, was something that I had learned to listen to in my many years of living in this world, having saved my ass for more times than I can count. And that narrative alarm in my head that warned me of incoming problems was something that I treasured and sharpened to the best of my abilities… was now warning me of something about to happen.

And that only meant there was someone inside my office right now.

It wasn't something serious though. No, this is the funny sixth sense that was warning me. Well, mostly. Still, that meant that there were shenanigans inbound.

I sighed. Better get this out of the way.

I opened the door—

"Hey, Basa-kun! Good evening, did you have a nice day at school?"


Spoiler

—And I was met with a redhead greeting me happily while seated at my table in the office, nevermind the fact that her clothes were nowhere to be found and exposed her entirely nude form to the world without shame.

I looked at her silently.

She smiled.

I gave her a flat look.

She put her arms behind her back while smiling pleasantly, leaning close to me and displaying her prominent tits in the process.

"W-Wha…"

The heroine behind me reddened and stuttered as she stared at the nude girl with an open mouth. The redhead blinked as she suddenly realized her presence, and then glanced at her curiously.

"Basa-kun? You brought another girl home?" she asked.

I sighed and covered my ears.

And what do you know, it was right on time since the heroine started screaming.


Things calmed down after a while, but that was mostly because the heroine ran out of breath.

Now everyone was sitting down, with me sitting at my reclined chair on the table right at the head of my office and the two girls sitting down on the sofas in the middle of the room, separated by a small table with a vase placed on top.

The heroine was still slightly red in the face and was having a hard time looking at us. In contrast, the redhead looked prim and proper as she sat gracefully, thankfully clothed this time, and looked as if she hadn't just been entirely nude minutes ago. She was staring at the heroine with a clueless look on her face.

The redhead tilted her head. "Ne, Basa-kun. Why is there a girl with you?" then, as if realizing something, she gasped in shock. "Wait, don't tell me…! Could it be that you finally snapped!? Could it be that you're finally accepting your true nature and are about to corrupt this pure girl after stealing her from her boyfriend—!"

I smacked her on the head, making her yelp cutely.

"Like hell that's what's happening." I deadpanned.

"Eh!? It isn't!?"

"Of course not, you exhibitionist!"

The redhead pouted as she rubbed her head, while the heroine gave me a strange look. An understandable reaction since physical comedy seems to be rarely seen in their particular kind of school drama. That was actually my first reaction when seeing it too.

"So, I'll just cut to the chase and stop the misunderstandings." I started, giving a glance at the heroine. "No, I didn't have sex with this girl just because she was naked in my office. This girl just goes nude for some reason because she's a fucking weirdo."

"Hey! What's that supposed to mean!?" the redhead protested.

"I meant what I said."

The heroine still had that strange look on her face as if she had plenty of questions, but was visibly hesitating to ask them. "Is… that so." she hedged. "And she is…?"

The redhead turned to her. "Ah, I suppose it's rude of me to not introduce myself." she gave the heroine a smile. "You can call me Rias, and as for who I am… well, you could say that I'm a friend of Basa-kun here."

"False. You are an annoyance at best."

"Ehh!? That's mean, Basa-kun!"

The heroine looked between the two of us, likely thinking of the implications of someone knowing me. "I see. My name is Yuki Yanai."

"It's nice to meet you, Yuki-san!" the redhead bimbo greeted pleasantly, before frowning. "Anyway, what are you doing here with Basa-kun? I've never seen him bring a girl home before." her eyes turned to me then narrowed. "He really isn't about to corrupt you, is he?" she asked in concern.

The girl reddened and shook her head, while I just sighed. "I told you that's not it. I brought her here because she's curious about the moonlit world."

That made Rias blink and turn to the heroine in shock. "Wait, she's mundane!? But—!" her eyes narrowed at me. "That's even more strange. Why are you with her?"

"That's none of your business." I cut off. "Anyway, why are you here? I don't remember inviting you."

She gave me a suspicious look and looked like she was about to speak more, but eventually thought better of it and shook her head. "I'll find out more about that later. But for now, there's something that you need to know that's important!"

I raised a brow as the girl's demeanor suddenly turned serious.

"There's a new problem in town." Rias began gravely. "My club was targeting a stray demon around the area when it suddenly disappeared. We thought it was killed by the church but after investigating it, it didn't look like they're the culprit. And that can only mean one thing…"

She stared straight at me.

"It means that there's possibly an unknown magus running around—"

"Ah, that was me." I interrupted.

"—It was you!?!?"

The redhead stood up from her seat as I, meanwhile, went back to my table and sat on the chair. "Y-You defeated it!?" she shouted, pointing her hand to me in outrage. "Why!? And how!? We detected no holy energy from the place!"

"It's because the demon was getting too close to me for my liking, so I got rid of it." I answered. "Also I used concentrated holy water. It burns the demon from the inside, and then conveniently gets rid of the evidence of holy energy as it evaporates. Literally the perfect murder weapon if you managed to make them ingest it."

"Don't say something so gruesome that casually!" she shouted, then plopped back down on the sofa. She put her hands on her face and groaned. "I was so worried about it too…! Give back all my hours of worrying, damn it!"

Her further complaints were interrupted with a slight cough. The both of us glanced at the source, and there the heroine was sitting there with a dignified look on her face. "I would like to have some explanation of what is going on." she politely requested, giving me a glance. "Since I believe this might concern me as well?"

"Ah. Right, right. I suppose it does." I leaned back on my reclined chair. "This is great timing since Rias is here. Hey, Rias, you explain it to her. It's great practice for exposition. You're gonna be doing it in the near future anyway."

"I'm going to do what?"

"Just do it." I said with a wave of a hand.

The girl pouted at my non-answer but heeded my request. "Hm… alright. Yuki-san, what do you know of the supernatural?"

"I was there when Basa-kun defeated the 'stray demon', as you've called it. It tried to eat me." Yuki answered with a clipped tone.

Rias gave her a sympathetic look. "I see. That is one of the worse ways for you to discover our world. I'm sorry that you have experienced that." she said sorrowfully. "And I'd like to apologize as well. It was my responsibility dealing with that demon and you shouldn't have encountered it in the first place."

The heroine was quiet for a moment, before speaking once more. "...What was it? What is a 'stray demon'? You keep saying it's a demon, but is it really one? L-Like the one described by Christianity?"

Rias gave the girl a rueful smile at that. "Yes and no. The answer is a bit complicated - stray demons used to be normal demons that had gone mad with demonic energy. They are demons that have gone astray from normality so to speak. They're not considered a normal demon much like a psychopath being considered as a normal human." she explained. "They're considered as the shame of demonic society and being one would effectively get you executed."

The redhead extended a hand, and a flier burned into existence on her palm. "A more standard demon is much more reasonable than that. Here, have a look."

She put the flier down on top of the table. On that piece of paper was an inscribed magic circle, which activated and glowed red when Rias used her magical energy. The heroine watched with intense eyes as something formed on the magical circle.

Then eventually the glowing stopped, revealing the creature that was summoned, which then let out a chirp and started looking around the room curiously.


Spoiler

"This right here is a demonic imp." she put a hand on the small creature, gaining its attention and making it purr as she started to pet it. "It's one of the more basic types of demon. They have the same level of intelligence as, say, a dog here in the human world. They have the tendency to be mischievous but they're not actively malicious just because they're demons like the church painted them out to be."

"Are you saying… that demons aren't as bad as Christianity says they are? They don't represent sins and evil?" the heroine asked doubtfully.

The redhead scratched her cheek and chuckled sheepishly. "Well, the answer to that is also complicated. Denizens of hell are predisposed to being sinful - it's in their nature. But it doesn't mean they're evil. It just means they're a bit more open to their desires. You can be gluttonous and show it by eating a lot, but you're not really doing anything wrong unless you eat the food of those starving or something."

Then she frowned, expression somber.

"But… that was just a recent change. The truth is, demons from hell used to be that evil and the church is accurate with their portrayal of them. Modern demon society is trying to change for the better… but there are still demons that act like how things used to be. It's an ongoing problem."

The imp that the redhead was petting, as if sensing the mood of its summoner, trilled and tried to push against the hand that was petting it. Rias blinked at that, and the smile returned to her face.

"Anyway, a 'demon' isn't some sort of evil entity embodying evil or anything else that you were thinking. You can think of it as a species that was born in hell. Being a demon isn't that much different from being a human, if you ignore some slight differences like physiology and magical power."

The heroine digested all that… before asking a question in a low tone, as if dreading the answer.

"...How exactly do you know all this?"

I snorted. I'm sure she already knew the answer.

Of course, the redhead took that as an opportunity to introduce herself in full with pride. "Well, I suppose a more proper introduction is in order!" she stood up from the sofa, and the heroine boggled as bat-like wings unfurled behind her out of nowhere along with a sharp-tipped tail. "Ta-da!"

"My full name is Rias Satanichia, and I'm a demon in charge of everything hell-related in this town!" the redhead declared while puffing her chest out.

"...I see, so you're a demon." the heroine muttered after recovering from her surprise. Strangely though, her eyes were locked on a certain part of the redhead's body. "I suspected something was strange when it was that big…"

That's where you focus on?

"Still," the heroine continued. "Even if you say that Christianity is real—"

"All religions are. The Abrahamic faction is just the biggest one." the redhead demon interrupted, making the heroine pause.

"...I will process that later." she settled at hearing the undoubtedly shocking fact. "Still, that doesn't really explain many of my questions. Like for example: him." she pointed at dear ol' me as I chilled on my reclined chair. "Why does he act like we're in some sort of fictional world?"

"Ah, Basa-kun? Don't worry about him or what he's saying - he's just saying things like that because he's a freaking weirdo." the redhead answered with a smile, mirroring the words I said to her earlier.

"He is…? But the things he said, and how they came to be—"

"Nope. He's just weird." the redhead said as she kept smiling, but looking closely there was a touch of woodenness on it. "He's just a weird guy. Nothing more."

"Okay…?"

I raised a brow at the redhead. "I'm just a weird guy, huh? Then, pray tell, can you give me an update on what's happening to your little club of flags and issues?"

The redhead stiffened. She opened her mouth, hesitation appearing on her face—

Ring!

—Then immediately seized a distraction as she grabbed her phone when it suddenly started ringing as it received a message. "Sorry, I have to read this!" she shouted before turning her phone on and starting to read it.

As she read the message though, I watched as her expression slowly turned somber. She then stood up from the sofa.

"I have to go back. My club just sent back worrying news." she looked straight at me. "Our investigation made us stumble upon information that a fallen angel is present in this town."

The heroine stiffened in shock at that. I hummed noncommittally. "Don't let me keep you then."

She nodded and went for the exit. As she neared towards the door to my office however, she stopped just shy of opening it.

"Basa-kun… I…" she seemed to struggle with something. "You know the offer is still there…"

I sighed. "And no matter how many times you try it, I'll answer the same." I gave her a flat look. "No, I refuse to join your little club. I'm not even from the same school."

The redhead pouted at that for a moment, then brightened. "Well, I'm sure I'll get you someday!" she turned to the heroine and gave her a smile. "It's been nice meeting you, Yuki-san! Hope we see each other again!"

"Um… likewise." the heroine said reluctantly.

The sentiment seemed to have been missed by the redheaded bimbo as her smile brightened at the heroine's words, and she waved a hand as she exited the door and went out of the office.

Leaving me and the heroine alone.

I turned to the remaining girl in the room and steepled my fingers together on the table.

"Well, if you have more questions…" I started. "You can go ahead and ask them now."

And that's when the floodgates opened.

I was walking underneath the night sky, streets extremely quiet and deserted because of it being midnight.

It took for a while until the heroine finally decided for her to go home and finally leave me be. And it's not because she ran out of questions to ask either - she wanted to go home because she didn't want her family getting worried or suspicious.

I know that she'll be back to satisfy whatever questions going on in her mind. Right after trying to confirm everything I told her in her endless questioning, that is. She was in that stage of transition where she found her worldview being changed after all, so I was pretty sure she's going to be sticking around much longer.

Especially with her strangeness being confirmed from clear interaction to a shounen character like Rias Satanichia.

A droplet of water landed on my face, and I paused. I frowned as I looked at the sky - only to realize that it was starting to rain as more drops landed on me.

I hadn't brought my umbrella on this little walk at midnight so I was going to get soaked in the rain. Honestly, I don't mind it at all with how usual it happens anyway. I've long since gotten used to living with my little "quirk".

Especially when I engineered it myself.

It was a long time ago when I did it, probably at elementary school or something. When I was still a bit inexperienced with how things worked and didn't know as much. I was enrolled in a school that mainly had a shounen genre, so everything was lively.

My goal had always been to be a side character. I didn't want to be involved in some sort of narrative as part of some main cast - no, I want to be in a position where I would get the most freedom and as far away from the action as possible to pursue my own interests. Being a side character gave that.

However, due to being less developed than the main cast, being a side character in a shounen genre tends to develop strange traits that differentiate them from the others. Usually played for laughs, these traits result in strange and silly situations to entertain.

I didn't want to develop something that would be incredibly inconvenient. What if the trait that I developed would be something like airheadedness? It would be crippling for me.

So instead, I chose my own. And I figured that getting wet was entertaining enough to do the trick.

Honestly I wasn't sure how to do it back then but it worked out. I forced myself into situations where I'll be soaked with water and eventually, it would happen to me even when I'm not trying to make it happen. The world had recognized my little "quirk" and firmly became a side character in the narrative's eyes.

It was such a small thing, but back then it was a significant accomplishment from me when I didn't understand things as much. And unfortunately, that ignorance and inexperience is what led me to getting caught by someone in that school that I suspected was some sort of heroine.

Rias Satanichia. The Crimson Demon.

Yeah, so that was my backstory with that particular redhead.

The girl decided that I was 'unique' enough to be part of her little group and while I constantly refused her at every turn, she showed every bit of the stubbornness typically present in shounen characters by not being discouraged and trying it again and again. I was sometimes roped into her shenanigans as well but thanks to my efforts it didn't affect me into becoming part of a main cast.

It was admirable in a way. She stuck with me throughout the years because she would do that, and because of tolerating her that long it eventually made her grow on me like a particularly stubborn fungus. The same could probably be the same for her as well - at first she wanted to invite me to her club because I was the first human 'magician' that she met but now I can tell that she's inviting me just because she considers me a good friend.

Unfortunately, no matter how much she'll try to do that, my answer will remain the same.

Why? Because that particular role was meant for someone else.

Which leads to the present situation.

Earlier, when my sixth sense warned me of something, I had said that it was because something funny was about to happen. However I wasn't willing to dismiss it as just that, so I went ahead and checked my little monitoring system in the city.

I had plenty of familiars roaming around the city in the form of stray animals. Not full-fledged familiars, but rather minor ones with the minimal connection required that allows me remote viewing. It was being managed separately by thought processes with my thought partition spells so that I don't get overwhelmed, but it effectively means I've got eyes around the roads and public places of the city at all times.

And when Rias had arrived, there was something that had caught my attention. Something that I knew that I'd have to deal with after the heroine had left.

The rain had started to get intense and I was now completely soaked with water by the time I arrived at my destination; a park near the school that Rias herself attends. There was nothing really special in the place - aside from being a popular date spot for highschool students, that is.

And currently in that simple park, I saw the very reason for my little late-night outing.

A fallen angel, along with a dazed-looking girl, was standing over the sprawled body of a male highschool student that was bleeding to his death.

"Hah! So this is the power of a descendant of the chosen hero!? How weak!" the fallen angel mocked loudly. "To think that I simply need to hypnotize someone close to him and he'll fall for my trap - those old coots clearly don't know what they're talking about when they say you're a threat!"

And just like that, I can piece together what had happened with his little monologue.

Mister chosen hero here was living a normal life and fell for a honey trap that the fallen angel hypnotized, then he was attacked by the fallen angel out of nowhere and is currently dying, probably feeling very confused and betrayed. Even the general atmosphere fit with it raining hard and giving a sad backdrop to it all.

"A-Aisha? Why…?" the bleeding boy let out.

"Don't you understand boy? Even if you tried to rescue her, she's currently under my control! Her mind and body - all of it belongs to me!" the fallen angel said with a sneer. "You fancy this girl, don't you? Then watch."

The fallen angel grabbed the girl's chin towards him and kissed her on the mouth. The girl didn't resist, simply looking dazed and unreacting. The boy's eyes were bloodshot as he watched however, practically shaking in rage.

The fallen angel stopped kissing the girl and gave the boy a mocking smile, groping the girl's breast meanwhile. "Die with your last memories being your loved one stolen right in front of your eyes, foolish mortal."

Eesh. What an edgy start to a story.

Anyway, the boy was bleeding to death now and all that rage is making him lose his consciousness faster. And it doesn't look like there's anything that will change that, judging by the lack of magical energy gathering in him or around the place for a sudden power-up or someone to save him.

As expected, it looks like if I want things to be going in accord to my plan then I'd have to intervene.

I approached them, going near a particularly strong bounded field that I deactivated by erasing the specific parts of the shielding array casting the dome of influence with a slight sweep of my shoe. It fizzled out immediately as it effectively short-circuited and allowed me to pass through. The fallen angel didn't even manage to register my presence when I passed by him as he laughed, only stopping so when he saw me kneel down in front of the dying boy, who had already lost consciousness.

Only then did I get a closer look at him.


Spoiler

A handsome face that gives a particularly gutsy impression. Yup, he's a shounen MC alright.

"Wha—!?" the fallen angel said in surprise. "A-A human!?"

I ignored him, instead went to rummage through the boy's uniform. My instincts were proven correct when I fished something out of his pocket - something familiar that I even saw earlier today.

It was the flier that Rias used, one that she used to summon an imp demon.

And this one was devoid of magical energy. I'm guessing that this shouldn't be the case and the flier should've activated when he was dying or something, effectively serving as the Deus Ex Machina for this hopeless situation. But for some reason this one doesn't have that.

Once again, my presence managed to be a blind spot in the world and changed things. Good thing I came prepared this time.

"Impossible, my bounded field shouldn't have allowed any intruders! Mortal, tell me how you managed to bypass it!"

I retrieved the hair that I swiped from Rias when I smacked her head earlier. Then, using it as a catalyst, I went ahead and summoned her using the flier. The magical circle then glowed bright red as it gathered energy to summon a particularly strong demon like her.

"Ryuusei Hyoujou." I spoke his name. "Your fate is not to die here."

There was an enraged growl and I idly registered that the angel appeared behind me with a burst of speed, posed to strike. "Quit ignoring me, human—!"

I casted reinforcement as my hand snaked out and grabbed him by the throat.

"—grhgk!" the fallen angel's eyes widened in surprise.

I held him up above ground and gave him a flat look. "Just shut up for a moment. You'll get to continue that later so just be patient."

Taking a glance at the girl present, I examined the state she was in. The girl looked dazed just as any hypnotism victims are, and I could see the spell that was casted onto her. A particularly simple hypnotism spell that could be broken by those who are knowledgeable about the mind arts but otherwise, it wasn't anything serious.

I snapped my fingers together and dispelled the hypnotism. The girl stiffened, then fell down on the ground like a marionette with its strings cut. Her being hypnotized meant that she wouldn't have any memory of what was happening so it was fine to just leave her be.

"Now as for you…" I turned back to the fallen angel who was struggling against my grip.

The fallen angel only had two wings so this angel is one of the weaker ones. The corrupted holy energy I could feel inside him isn't that substantial. Hm… I guess letting him fight would be fine.

"I'm going to need you to play a role. I told the heroine I don't really do this if I can help it, but…" I extended my hand towards his head, about to cast a spell. The fallen angel seems to have recognized it as his eyes widened and began to panic. "Stay still. This is a delicate process, you know? I'm sure you do, with you hypnotizing the girl and all."

And so, the fallen angel can only let out a choked scream as I replaced his memories with new ones so it could fit the event that I arranged for myself and implanted instructions on what's about to come.

…

…

"—Tch, to think that the kid would be in cahoots with a demon!"

"What are you doing in this city, fallen angel? Or did your higher ups forget that this is demon territory?"

"None of your business, demon."

I watched from far away as the fallen angel battled Rias. The redhead was summoned by the flier and looked quite confused at first, but all traces of it disappeared when she saw what was happening in front of her along with the sight of a fallen angel.

The boy was still bleeding to death as they battled but I don't doubt that things will work out now that the shounen heroine is here. But things will be more difficult for them from here, and I wish them luck.

Turning away from the fight, I went ahead and left unnoticed.

Their story had now started after all.
Last edited: Nov 11, 2025
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, Sir_dood134 and 2,308 others
Skrubchap
Oct 31, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 4
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Nov 15, 2023
Add bookmark
#295
Skrubchap said:
I think things will be back to normal after this.
Well that was a fucking lie. There were exams.

Anyway as an apology, I included a little sex scene for the chapter.

Chapter 4

Rest and recreation.

"A-Ahh~!"

Those are two things that are important when it comes to dealing with all the bullshit that comes in life.

"Ah~! Hah~! Hah~!"

There comes a time when a man can work so hard that he reaches a point that it isn't productive to do so anymore, hence, in my very busy schedule of being a controlling paranoiac so I don't get blind-sided by this ridiculous world, I've included an allotted time for me to enjoy myself so I don't break.

Which led to this situation.

"Uu…! I-I'm…!"

I very much enjoyed the lewd moaning of the mature woman straddling me while we sat on her sofa, and enjoyed much more the sensation of my cock impaling her exquisite pussy over and over. My hands were groping her ass while I guided it up and down while she grabbed my body tightly like a lifeline.

I brought my lips close to her ear. "Does this feel good, Aoki-san?" I breathed out, making her shiver. "Tell me, does my cock feel that good?"

"Y-Yes! It feels so good~!" she moaned.

I decided to accept the woman's invitation to her apartment since last time I didn't get to enjoy her body because of the heroine being there. So, after going inside her apartment and talking a bit, we eventually devolved into our usual results of our interaction - namely, getting into very steamy sex.

"We've been at it all night and the sun is already rising up." I thrust my hip up in an angle and she shuddered in pleasure as I hit a sensitive spot. "At this rate you'll be late for work, you know?"

"N-No, I don't care!" the woman shouted as she held me tighter, her breasts squishing on my chest. "Ah, ahh! I want you~! Don't stop now, Basa-kun! Make me cum!"

There is something gratifying about hearing those words - a man's lust is only rivaled by his ego, and hearing her feel addicted to me was a different sort of pleasure that simple sex couldn't bring. Then there was also that sense of satisfaction for providing comfort for a beautiful woman like her. She was looking at me with such adoration in her eyes that all traces of melancholy that was ever present in a lonely widow like her had disappeared completely, and it was like I was making the world a happier place.

This sort of pleasure can make any self-respecting man addicted.

Unfortunately, there is a time and place for everything.

We've been going at it for a while now, fucking like rabbits. And while I wanted to just keep fucking this woman until my dick fell off or something, my workaholic tendencies are screaming at me that I've wasted enough time being unproductive already. And I don't want to affect her work just because she wanted to have sex all day either.

I'll need to wrap this up.

So I clicked my tongue in faux anger. "Tsk. What a needy slut." her pussy tightened at my words. "I'll give you what you want then."

She gave out a cry of surprise as I manhandled her to switch our places in the sofa, with her leaning back on the sofa and me leaning over her, and then started to vigorously fuck her. I started to focus then, making use of an idle amount of effort to make her cum by observing her reactions and adjusting my movements minutely, and timing my thrusts in the way that would produce the most pleasure. The woman went wild, screaming in pleasure as I utilized my supernatural sexual skills.

Shounen martial arts, baby. They don't fail you.

"Oh~! Ohhh~!!!" the woman had the 'fucked silly' face, and while I wanted to enjoy it more, there was sadly no time for it.

My dick plundered her depths mercilessly, reaching into the deepest parts of her uterus and making the woman cry out incoherently. Nevermind the fact that my large cock shouldn't fit, no - at this moment, it was all just the decadent pleasure of using this milf as a flesh light.

"I-I'm going to cum." I announced.

Her legs locked around me and she held me tight. "Inside! Do it inside!" she cried out deliriously.

Well, if she insists.

I released all my inhibition and thrust my cock as deep as it can go in her pussy, and in that same moment I felt an electrifying pleasure as both of us started to cum. My sperm released inside her uterus and I could feel the walls of her vagina try to drain me dry.

"AAAH—Mmmpph~!!!"

I grabbed hold of the milf's chin and smashed her lips on mine. As I felt my balls release bursts of ejaculate inside her pussy, I enjoyed myself with the sensation of her tongue wrestling against my own as we both held each other tight.

Then, only when we ran out of breath did we finally separate our lips.

"Haahh… haaahh…" the woman underneath me breathed hard, covered in sweat and pussy overflowing with my cum. She looked up at me with heart-shaped pupils - and no, that wasn't just imagination, it's an adult genre thing. They literally were like that.


Spoiler

Damn, what a beautiful sight.

Meanwhile, I was drenched like the usual, but it wasn't because of me getting sweaty. My intense physical training meant that I could go on much further than hours of sex without even sweating a lot. The reason why I was drenched was because of Aoki-san's sweat and other fluids.

"Thank you, Basa-kun… I needed that." Aoki-san breathed out.

I gave her a smile as I sat beside her on the sofa - to which she followed by burying her head to my side and cuddling. "It's my pleasure, Aoki-san." I told her as I held an arm around her.

We both stayed there for a few moments while relaxing in the comforting aftersex atmosphere. However time waits for no one, and we eventually get up from the sofa to start our day. The milf woman put on an apron to cook breakfast (while staying nude under it, much to my incredible delight) while I started to put my clothes back on.

"Did you see my shirt, Aoki-san?" I asked while looking around the house half-naked, wearing only my pants.

"It's not in the bedroom? I think I remember you removing it some time there. I'm not really sure though." she giggled. "We went everywhere."

I looked around the house and indeed, there was a mess of used condoms and displaced items on the floor almost everywhere in the apartment as a result of our intense sex session. I winced at the sight. "Ah, damn. Sorry for the mess."

She shook her head with a smile. "No, it's fine Basa-kun. If anything I should be thanking you." she put a hand on her cheek and sighed contentedly. "I'm grateful that you're willing to spend time with an old woman like me. And you keep satisfying my desires too… whoever your lover is going to be, they're going to be lucky!"

I frowned at that and approached her. She didn't notice me as I did so with her being focused on cooking, so she yelped cutely in surprise as I suddenly hugged her from behind, our bare skins touching each other.

"I don't like that self-deprecating tone, Aoki-san. A sexy woman like you shouldn't be talking like that." I breathed beside her ear as I slipped my hand underneath the apron and started fondling her large perky breasts. "Especially if that sexy woman is my woman."

My words seemed to have turned her switch on as she started breathing hard once more. "Mmm… that's just unfair, Basa-kun…" she whined, looking up at me. I wasn't blind to the burning desire blazing behind that gaze. "Y-You can't just say things like that… it's not good if I fall for you, you know?"

"Is it really?" I asked with a pinch of her nippled, making her shiver.

Aoki-san was quiet for a moment, accepting my fondling as she kept cooking… and then she reciprocated by pushing her bare ass against my hardening groin. "You know, we still have time before breakfast is cooked…" she muttered.

…Okay, so I did say that I wanted to be productive, but I could spare some time for this. What can I say? I guess my weakness is lonely and sexually frustrated milfs after all.

Fortunately (or maybe unfortunately) I wasn't able to sink my time into fucking this woman into a lovesick puddle of goo, due to the fact that there was a sudden noise that made the both of us pause. It was the sound of the doorbell ringing, but it wasn't this apartment's by the sound of it. No, it was the next one near here - and by that I mean mine specifically.

"You should go check that out, Basa-kun. Were you expecting someone?" Aoki-san asked.

"I don't think so."

I half-heartedly removed my hands away from the woman and started walking to the door. I opened it, then looked at the person who was ringing the doorbell to my apartment early in the morning.

Long silky black hair, fair skin, and a very pretty face. It was the heroine.

What was she doing here early in the morning?

She turned to me, gaining her attention when I opened the door, before she suddenly did a double-take and looked at me with her eyes going wide, mouth turning open as if she couldn't believe the sight she was seeing.

"Good morning. What the hell do you want?" I greeted flatly.

The heroine wasn't able to answer, still speechless. I noticed that her eyes were on my torso though, and that was when I suddenly realized that I answered half-naked in another apartment - a woman's apartment at that. The girl blushed as she beheld my half-naked form, unable to take her gaze off… was she checking me out? Flattering.

"Y-You…" she tore her eyes away from my abs to look at my eyes before floundering for something to say. "W-What are you doing there!?"

"Who is it, Basa-kun?" the voice of Aoki-san asked behind me. I turned and saw that the woman had put on shorts and tops to look decent. "Is it someone you know?"

Aoki-san peeked outside the door and blinked. "Ara, you're the one from yesterday! Yuki-chan, correct? Good morning!" she greeted pleasantly.

"G-Good morning…"

The heroine's face was now looking extremely flustered, looking at the two of us in disbelief. I was fully aware of the impression that she had of the situation, with a half-naked guy being inside an apartment of a disheveled-looking woman. And the thing is - she couldn't be anymore right.

I caught her eyes looking at Aoki-san's body on more than one occasion though. Quick, easy-to-dismiss glances, but glances nonetheless. Interesting…

"I suppose you must be visiting Basa-kun? He told me about you. You guys were working together for some 'project', right?" Hey, woman, what's with that knowing tone? I can hear the quotation marks. "Well don't let me keep the two of you. Basa-kun, I'll just call you later after breakfast is ready okay? And you can join us too, Yuki-chan! We can eat together!"

The heroine shook her head. "N-No, it's fine. I'll just leave if you're busy—"

"Nonsense! Basa-kun, attend to your 'friend'." I blinked as I was pushed out of the door, but when I turned to Aoki-san to protest she leveled me a strict look. "Be sure to treat her right, okay? I don't want to hear anything about you being rude!"

She then turned to the heroine. "And for you… this boy might not show it, but he's pretty lonely. Make sure you give him a chance, alright? He's certainly worth it with what he's hiding under his pants!"

Both of us spluttered.

The mature woman smiled pleasantly. "Go do your thing, you two. Have a nice day!"

With that, she closed the door.

"..."

"..."

For a few moments the heroine and I were left in front of the apartment, simply standing there in a painful awkward silence.

Then, after a while, I sighed in exasperation and finally spoke.

"...Let's take this inside my apartment."

The heroine nodded her head, unable to look me in the eye. "Yes."

After going inside my apartment and finding myself a shirt to wear, the two of us were back once more in my office much like yesterday. I sat on my reclining office chair on the head table, relaxing on the furniture that I enchanted to be the most comfortable chair it could possibly be.

The heroine, however, stood right by the door and didn't move to sit down.

Also she was glaring. Glaring at me like I was trash and the most pathetic thing in existence.

"What's your problem this time?" I asked flatly.

"What's my problem?" she asked with growing anger. "Don't you have any shame? Having relations with a married woman… just what kind of scum are you?"

"Let me correct you by saying that she's not married. Well, she used to be, but that was already a long time ago." I didn't ask Aoki-san about such a sensitive topic, but as far as I know she's been widowed for more than a decade already. "Any form of relationship between the two of us is completely consensual."

I wasn't unaware of what I looked like and my situation with Aoki-san. A male 'gyaru' living next to a milf like her? I know I was playing a role in a hentai doujin - and not even as a side character at that. But that wasn't really important for me as hentai plots rarely have any action in them since they focus on, you know, the sex.

And better me the one to play the role instead of less than savory individuals. The people that I saw who would've played the role if I hadn't intervened… Well, let's say that some people are subjected to some well-deserved justice.

Also, sex with an incredibly hot milf was a pretty good bonus. Ten outta ten, would screw again.

The heroine's eyes narrowed at my clarification. "And I'm sure any sort of magic has nothing to do with it."

I raised a brow. "You accusing me of misusing my magic?"

She huffed. "How else would a scoundrel like you be considered attractive?"

I stared at her for a few moments… before giving her a roguish smirk. "Do I now? I don't need magic to make her feel attractive to me - something that I'm sure that you noticed yourself." Her cheeks colored as she spluttered. "Yeah, I saw you checking me out earlier."

"I did no such thing!"

"You were also staring at Aoki-san, you know… and now that I think about it, you were also quick to focus Rias' chest yesterday. Are you trying to tell something, heroine? Are you sure you're not just jealous of me?"

Her blush was nuclear. "I do not! Q-Quit with these baseless accusations!"

You're not really helping with that slight tone of doubt in your voice, you know.

Well, as much as it is fun seeing the heroine squirm, there are far more important things to do. The heroine wouldn't have gone here early in the morning if there wasn't something that she needed. I suppose it's time to get back into business.

I leaned back on my reclining chair. "Yeah yeah, sure. Anyway, are you just going to stand there and judge me? Or are you going to finally tell me why you're here?"

The girl took a deep breath to recover her composure, then glared at me once more. This time however it was much less judging and more of a petulance to my teasing. She then approached the table, took something out of her bag, then put it down on my desk.

It was a big stack of paper. Curious at the contents, I leaf through it.

"What's this supposed to be?" I asked.

"I took the liberty of researching more about what you told me yesterday."

I looked at the heroine, who was looking quite haggard. Now that I noticed it, I could see bags underneath her eyes that were expertly hidden by her makeup. Did she even sleep at all yesterday?

"I didn't know how I missed all these… there's so much concerning reports and accounts of abnormal things, all just floating around if you look hard enough. I can't believe I never questioned such things before and how often they popped up." she whispered, betraying frustration towards herself. "That paper - those are all the things that I found in the city that could be a cause of concern which I encountered in my search."

"You'd be surprised with how easy it is to miss. We all have our biases in our knowledge and things like the supernatural - no matter how strange the situation may be - can be easily dismissed. It's only now that you have undeniable proof that your mind has opened itself into more possibilities." I explained without glancing at her. "It also doesn't help that the genre divide makes things like that virtually impossible. But considering the way things are, the influence is fairly minimal."

I then hummed as I read through the paper.

Indeed, the ones written there are multiple analytical reports, as well as some theories on what they are and evidence that serve as its basis. It's honestly impressive that the heroine was able to create this much at such a short time. Some of these theories are also quite sound and actually got close to the real thing.

"Nicely done. This is some very impressive work."

However, there is a problem that I should probably take care of.

"...So, what are you going to do?"

The heroine blinked at my sudden question. "Pardon?"

I put the paper down and looked at the flabbergasted heroine straight in the eyes.

"I'm asking why you did all this."

The girl was unable to answer for a moment, with her visibly trying to understand what I was trying to say… before she glared at me indignantly. Uh oh, better put a stop to this. "What do you mean, 'why'? Are you telling me you don't care about all this—!"

I raised my hand.

"Let me stop you right there before you start to misunderstand."

…I'll be honest. In this godforsaken world filled with colorful characters who are ridiculous in their own unique way, where they can be naive and annoying to the extreme or maybe even too edgy and serious for their own good - the one that frustrates me the most are the ones that are arguably the most 'normal'.

Drama characters; as I've commented on many times before, they frankly have greater mental acuity and greater empathy than other genre characters. Because how else can they understand another character in their story to a terrifying degree? Put them in my previous world and they'll be mind readers compared to normal people. And great investigators too, apparently, seeing the results of the heroine's observations in just a single night.

So while the genre is mostly saturated by mundane people, they have something that gives them an edge over other characters, something that makes even me cautious around them - their minds.

And what do they do with it? They use it to make misunderstandings.

You see, the reason for this is because drama characters are beholden to some sort of 'complexity' as their stories focus into the interactions of the characters themselves, unlike their more shallow counterparts to lighthearted genres. And by 'complexity', I mean that they're filled with neuroses and character flaws to fuel that misunderstanding train that acts as a source for their story's conflict.

Put two drama characters in a room and they'll overthink and eventually leave the room with, you guessed it, some drama going on. It's honestly frustrating watching them from a bystander perspective, watching as they make a pain of their lives just by not choosing the most obvious and sensible option.

And from what I'm seeing, this heroine is doing that exact same thing right now.

"Let me lay this out clearly; I'm not asking that question because I don't care about what is happening, nor am I saying it because I do not care for the well-being of innocent bystanders." I enunciated clearly. "I'm asking you, Yanai Yuki, what you are going to do since you've given me this."

I stood up from my reclining office chair and stared down at her.

"I can see where this is going. You formed a club… the Service club, was it? That was dedicated to solving problems for others. Sorry for being blunt, but I can already tell that you have issues about taking responsibility for things you're not supposed to hold yourself for, whether you know it or not. That's probably why you stressed yourself out to do this in a single night. And I could see that you'll want to involve yourself into every situation you see in the future because of that."

There was a beat of silence.

"I…" the heroine's eyes were wide from my words. There was confusion in her eyes, but there was an unconscious undercurrent of fear that I recognized from her issues being revealed so blatantly. However in the end, she tried to ignore what I said by clinging to her earlier anger and playing dumb. "W-What are you even talking about—?"

"You kept throwing yourself at me despite the fact that a normal person wouldn't want to do anything about this whole situation and would rather forget about it. In fact, you even seemed to act like it's your personal duty. That's not normal." I pointed out flatly. "It would probably be a character growth moment for you to realize this yourself at some point, probably with the help of your friends or maybe even the protagonist you're infatuated with, but honestly that nonsense could burn in a fire for all I care. You've entered a new world now, and digging around and involving yourself into everything can lead you to danger. Maybe even kill you in the worst case."

I sighed, and my gaze softened as I stared at her.

"I know that it's easy to default to your usual behavior when it feels like your world gets turned around… but you have to think of your actions and how they affect you, as well as those around you. Especially when you could be dealing with actual evil monsters."

My words seemed to have struck something within her and she went quiet. Well, I did bluntly tell her to deal with her issues by throwing it in her face after all, but it's honestly needed unless I want to deal with some clusterfuck of her own making in the future. And I could tell that it got through her too, since she seems to be genuinely reflecting about what I said.

"But… we can't just leave these people alone." she whispered.

I shook my head at that. "That's where you're wrong - these problems usually take care of themselves. Usually by some schmuck that kills the monster and saves the day, usually leaving a better result compared to the scenario where we interfered in the first place. It's pretty common, all things considered."

She glared at me. "You can't possibly be sure of that."

I raised a brow. "Am I?"

"Yes! There must be someone out there that's not being helped! The fact that there are victims in the first place proves it!" she shouted hotly. "We have to help these people!"

"Sure. Now take that to its logical conclusion." my reply seemingly threw her for a loop. "Everyday there are people in danger from the supernatural, and what you're saying is for us to dedicate our time and life to help them. It's a bit hard to do that, but at least I'm saving innocents. Now hold on, there are also people in danger not because of the supernatural but rather because of more mundane reasons too, isn't there? Crime exists. Evil exists. Yet why didn't you dedicate your life to helping these people, but seemingly took exception to the supernatural?"

I let her stew on that before sitting back on my reclining office chair.

"So? Are you willing to think more reasonably now?" I asked her after a while.

"I… " her face scrunched up, then she let out a frustrated sigh and sat down on the sofa. "You're pointing out how my… issues… are causing me to act illogically. One that might get me killed."

I kept quiet.

She turned her head to the side. "...I acknowledge your point."

"...Good." I let out a breath. "It's a common thing, don't worry. For all the depth that you drama characters have, it's extremely hard for you to recognize your character flaws. A character immediately recognizing what they did wrong and solving things straightforwardly makes a poor solution for a drama conflict."

My words had incited a reaction to the heroine, with her narrowing her eyes and clenching her fists slightly. "...Is it that common?"

I shrugged. "You see patterns if you look close enough."

She absorbed those words, then spoke. "Even if I may have some character flaw, as you say… It still feels bad, just not helping these people." she muttered.

I nodded my head solemnly. "And I completely agree. It sucks that innocent people are being dragged into something like this. But then again, even in the normal world it's a fact of life. Murders and disappearances, caused by either monsters or criminals - It'll always happen no matter what. You'll just have to take solace to the fact that there are people out there making it better. People empowered by fate to actually defeat them."

The heroine gazed at me for a few moments with an unreadable expression, trying to make sense of what I was saying, before she then looked down on her stack of papers on my table. "What I did was useless then."

I shook my head. "Not necessarily." I said as I pulled the drawer on the table, revealing my own stacks of paper detailing my own investigations in what's happening around the town. I started to cross-reference the text written on it. "While I did say the problems usually take care of themselves, there are some exceptions… So yes, these might help."

"...You just said that I shouldn't try to help and involve myself, and now you're saying that sometimes it's okay?" she asked while giving me a doubtful expression.

I gave her a flat look. "No, I said you shouldn't involve yourself with every problem. Just because you're not out there dedicated to destroying evil and helping the innocents every waking moment of your life, it doesn't mean that you can't help others when you're needed to. Don't get yourself caught in a false dilemma."

The girl absorbed that for a moment and let out a frustrated sigh. "I… yes, I see what you mean." she acknowledged. "In what circumstance do you try to interfere in a situation and help, then?"

"Usually in situations when letting things go naturally lead to lots of death and destruction. Some conflict really goes out of hand so the interference is about minimizing the catastrophe after." I brought a paper down on the table and pointed at it. "Something like this one."

She stood up from the sofa to read it. "The accounts of unexplained disappearances?"

"Whoever is responsible for that is gathering a large amount of people and I feel like things might turn ugly if it continues. I thought of leaving it alone, but the information you brought me changes things." I explained. "I'll go ahead and deal with that later, probably. I already identified the general area they're around and their probable base of operations."

"What's causing all this? Is this another of those 'stray demons'?" the heroine asked hesitantly.

I hummed. "Well, with the way things are… there can only be one thing."

My gaze went to the map on the paper, indicating the debilitated church within the area. A place like that would be a prime source for corrupted holy energy for all things unholy to gain power in. And combine that with what I witnessed at the start of some plot just recently…

"We're dealing with fallen angels." I answered, making the heroine's eyes widen in shock.

Well, what do you know? Looks like I'll be dealing with a certain redhead earlier than I thought.

Speaking off, she must be interacting with the protagonist right now. I wonder what she and her little group are up to?

"Wait, you guys are demons!? Really!? Like, a real Christian demon!?"

She should be happy.

Rias found herself thinking as she kept up a regal smile while her newest follower shouted in disbelief, surrounded with the other members in her club. Ryuusei-kun, who was also a student somewhere in her year, stared at her with intense shock as if his own world had upended around him. And who would blame him? It was yesterday that she found him dying at the hands of a fallen angel - and now, minutes after waking up from such an ordeal, he was subjected to such truths about the world that he never knew existed.

"Yes, Ryuusei-kun. We're all demons here." she fluttered her bat-like wings that she revealed earlier for emphasis. "And now you're one of us too."

She should normally be happy; here she was, gaining another follower and inductee to her club. By all accounts, she should be overjoyed while congratulating herself for a job well-done, maybe even reward herself by splurging, eating sweets, and playing her games until she passes out.

But for some reason, she doesn't feel like doing that! It feels like there's something dampening her joy somehow, like she's not satisfied with how things happened.

She doesn't show it, but on the inside she was pouting.

The boy looked at himself in shock. "I'm a demon…" he muttered, then he turned to the others in the clubroom, pausing at her and Akeno beside her. "And the two school beauties are demons too… Now that I think about it, it all makes sense for them to be creatures of temptation…"

Her dark-haired friend giggled. "Ara, what a flatterer. Did we perhaps arrive in your dreams, Ryuusei-kun? I don't seem to remember casting my spells on you. Or is it because you like us that much?"

"N-No! I definitely did not have any naughty dreams involving sex with you two whatsoever!" he shouted unconvincingly.

"Really?" Akeno's face was disappointed, but Rias knew that inside the girl was laughing. "That's a shame. If you were interested then I might have been down on doing it for real~!"

Ryuusei-kun's face twisted as he looked like he just made a life-regretting mistake. He stuttered, trying to deny his earlier statement, but could only make silly-sounding noises out his mouth.

Rias sighed. "Akeno, stop teasing him." she said, scolding her friend.

Rias should be happy but she's not, and she has no idea why.

…No, she had a feeling she knew why she was feeling this way.

It was such a shock to suddenly get summoned out of nowhere, and even more shocking to encounter someone dying on the other end when she accepted out of curiosity. In the end she had to use her demonic power to convert him into a demon because she couldn't really do anything to heal him. And now that she had converted a human into a devil, she welcomed him to her club.

…And now, he was sitting here, instead of a dark-skinned blonde who kept calling her names and being generally mean towards her. She can't help but feel guilty thinking that - she didn't regret converting Ryuusei-kun into a devil, but it's making her feel bummed that the human she converted was not the one she was targeting.

That Basa-kun! Why can't he just join!? Now she can't help but not treat this supposed joyous occasion the respect it deserves since she keeps comparing him to her newest recruit!

Not showing a hint to her inner troubles, she directed a gentle smile at the boy. "Anyway, we're all demons here in this club Ryuusei-kun. You were pretty much dying when I found your body, and the only way to heal from that injury was to revive you as a demon.

The reminder of his near-death experience dampened his expression, and his brows furrowed in anger. "...Yeah, I remember being stabbed by that fallen angel." his eyes then widened as his gaze snapped towards her. "Can I ask what happened to Aisha!? She was with me that time! Is she safe!?"

She nodded. "She is unharmed. I managed to fight off the fallen angel and remove his influence from her. She was hypnotized by the angel and dispelling it effectively removed her memories of the entire event. The girl should be at home right now."

That seemed to remove his worries as he visibly deflated in relief. "I see, that's good… I was worried that things went bad." his mouth curled into a sharp glower. "That fallen angel, I'll never forgive what he did to her…!"

Then, he paused, before looking at them with a hesitant expression. "Um… wait, so if you're demons, does that mean you guys are bad? I'm pretty sure that's how it goes…"

Rias shook her head with an amused smile. "Don't worry, Ryuusei-kun. We may be demons, but we're not like that. We may be predisposed to sin but it doesn't mean that we're evil." she explained. "For all intents and purposes you can think of us as humans with extra appendages, but with an affinity for magic."

She started to explain to Ryuusei-kun about demons.

The words came easily to her with her explaining the same thing to Yuki-san yesterday. Now that she mentioned that, 'practice for exposition'... she remembered Basa-kun saying something along those lines. He definitely knew what was going to happen with how he phrased his words. And that led to her thinking of the implications of such a thing.

Basa-kun was a strange person - discounting the fact that he was a human magus, there's the fact that he believed that the world worked like it was a story. She dismissed him at first when she was younger, thinking that it was just some weird personality thing… but then his predictions never seemed to fail, and at some point they even started making sense.

Which brings Rias to her current point. Basa-kun always rejected her invitations because, in his own words, 'didn't want to fulfill that role' and never expanding further. Rias knew that she could be an idiot at times but she wasn't that oblivious. With how he called her a heroine plenty of times in the past, she knew that the 'role' would be a protagonist.

And now, there was a stranger coming to her life that could be that.

"Huh…" Ryuusei-kun muttered after her explanation. "I never thought demons would also live similarly to humans. I figured that they'd be similar to how that fallen angel acted."

"If I may ask," Kiba interjected from the side, giving him a questioning look. "What caused the fallen angel to attack you in the first place? We can't seem to understand why he did that."

The boy frowned. "I don't know, he kept spouting stuff about me being some chosen descendant or something, but I was honestly so focused on running away with Aisha at that time."

"I see. Now that you mentioned it, I can definitely tell that there's something inherently odd about you. I never quite noticed it but it's there…" Kiba trailed off.

A wordless noise on the sofa made everyone turn to Koneko who was lounging there, eating cookies. "Hn, he smells odd. Virile, like prime meat… but also strong. Strange."

Akeno put a finger on her chin in thought. "Hm, Ryuusei-kun, are you a descendant of some hero perhaps? It must be something in your blood that was mixed in."

"Um… I don't think so? Mom and Dad never really told me about anything like that…"

Rias struggled to keep her face neutral.

Chosen descendant!? Hidden power!? This person is definitely the protagonist! Basa-kun definitely knew that this was going to happen!

Again, normally someone like this joining her club would make her feel overjoyed, but on this occasion… she didn't know how to feel.

"Isn't this great, Rias?" Akeno suddenly said cheerfully. "With Ryuusei-kun with us, there's a chance that you can finally achieve your dream of becoming the President of hell!"

Rias' face immediately reddened and turned to her friend, breaking her graceful act. "Akeno! You can't just say that!"

"Oh, he'll know eventually anyway. At least this way you won't dally around like you did the rest of us." the raven-haired girl said dismissively.

"I wasn't dallying around! And that's not the point!" She can't just say embarrassing things like that out loud!

Ryuusei-kun tilted his head in confusion. "Um… president of hell? What are you guys talking about?"

Kiba let out a chuckle as he shook his head. "The entirety of Hell is governed by a president. Buchou here is ambitious enough to try pining herself as one - so that she could change hell and turn it into a better place."

"I-I don't know what you're talking about."

"Buchou's childhood dream." Koneko piped up from the side, nodding her head sagely.

"No it's not!" Rias denied loudly.

Akeno nodded as well. "She truly is the goodest demon."

"Shut up, Akeno! I'm the most devious damn demon around! No one can be more crafty and cunning than I!"

"Yes, yes." her three club members said in unison.

Rias can't help but cover her face, head steaming from her club members saying such embarrassing things. Great, she wanted to show their newest member a dignified leader and now he'll think of her as a childish woman! Everything is ruined!

"Wait, really!? That's pretty cool, Rias-san!" Ryuusei-kun shouted spiritedly. "Don't worry, there is no shame in such things! I'll support you in your dream as much as I can! I understand your woes… for I too, have a childhood dream that I want to achieve!"

Rias' eyes widened. "Ryuusei-kun…"

"That's right! Nothing can stop us from living our lifelong goals!" he stood up and pumped his fist in determination. "You'll be the president of hell… while I'll have a harem of beauties!"

—What the hell was this guy saying!?

Her club's reaction was mixed at his declaration, with Koneko looking at him like a weirdo, Kiba palming his face, and Akeno giggling uncontrollably. Rias, meanwhile, just gave him a smile that twitched dangerously. "I-Is that so…"

This… this is the protagonist?

Hold on, wouldn't her being a heroine like what Basa-kun called her mean that she'll be paired with him!? Does that mean that she'll fall in love with this guy!?

That Basa-kun, was this seriously the guy he was thinking of as the protagonist!? If so, please reconsider! She doesn't want to be part of this person's 'harem'! That sounds like a nightmare scenario no matter how differently it's framed!

Stupid Basa-kun! Baka-kun! He should've just taken up her offer instead, that idiot!

There will be retribution for this! Just you wait!
Last edited: Nov 15, 2023
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, Sir_dood134 and 2,436 others
Skrubchap
Nov 15, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 5
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Nov 27, 2023
Add bookmark
#412
Wrote the chapter and decided it was too long so I cut it in half, so the other part should come soon if I do things on schedule haha (the funny guy inside my head says no)
Chapter 5

Today had been enlightening, she reflected.

The morning sun shone bright as Yuki walked alongside Basa-kun. Her enigmatic classmate was humming a tune as they did so, filling the silence between them on their little walk.

They had just finished eating breakfast inside Basa-kun's apartment prepared by his own neighbor, Aoki Yumiko. Yuki was forced to dine with them as well, as the mature woman didn't seem to take no for an answer and partly because she also didn't eat breakfast yet in her haste to show Basa-kun what she found.

It was… surprisingly pleasant, all things considered. The woman acted motherly and friendly, but not overbearingly so. Aoki-san seemed to treat her like her own child and acted as if she wanted to spoil her. She also fussed with Basa-kun and she saw a new sight of him being acting reserved. The whole atmosphere felt like they were a family eating breakfast in their household.

Yuki wasn't familiar with the experience, with her own mother acting strict and raising her as someone worthy of their family name. It was something new to her, but she didn't really mind the whole thing.

Though the breakfast was mostly spoiled by the fact that Basa-kun somehow slept with the woman. And worse, Aoki-san seems to be very vocal about the fact - It seemed that the woman got it into her head that she and Basa-kun were lovers and thus started to directly reference how… competent he was in that department, out of some twisted desire to make him more appealing in her eyes.

Her face was entirely red during that time. It was honestly jarring how such a sweet-looking woman can start spouting degeneracy with a motherly smile on her face, as if she was a proud mom that was boasting about her son. And the things she said… she couldn't believe it either.

"The adult genre exists.'' That was her enigmatic classmate's explanation after they had left the apartment. The implications sent her mind reeling at what such a statement left, and the images in her mind left by Aoki-san's statements left her flustered. She couldn't look at Basa-kun for a while after that.

Nevertheless, that wasn't important.

Because right now, the two of them walked towards not to their school as their destination, but rather to the place where the suspected base of operation of those who caused the recent disappearances around town.

Basa-kun decided to deal with it because there was still enough time before school started, and that the place was close enough for him to just get there with a slight detour. Yuki decided to accompany him, partly out of curiosity and out of desire to help.

Yuki frowned.

…His words about her still repeat in her mind. About herself and her issues.

She knew she wasn't a perfect person - she might project herself as someone like so on the outside, but there had been many nights where she broke down crying when stress got to her, especially during her childhood. Nevertheless, she wasn't keen on reflecting on her own insecurities as well, choosing to forgo it into dealing with other matters. She wasn't strong enough to face them, that much she knew.

So for Basa-kun to just recognize it and bluntly say it like that, and for it to be right as well… and for him to say that it was normal to have issues as characters for drama stories…

She didn't know how to feel.

Her musings were interrupted however with Basa-kun stopping. She blinked, turning to him with a perplexed expression, before she suddenly realized where they were.

They were finally at their destination, the abandoned church.

"Alright, we're here." Basa-kun started, eyes scouring the place with a thoughtful gaze. "Hm, looks as ominous as I thought." his eyes narrowed. "Strange though… There certainly is a dense miasma of corrupted energies going around, but this is too much. Older too."

She couldn't sense energies like her enigmatic classmate somehow could, nor could she understand the rest of what he said, but Yuki found that she agrees with the statement. Looking at the place… there was as if some sort of wrongness in it that made her skin crawl.

"Remind me again, what did your research say about this place?" Basa-kun asked.

"Not much. Plenty of people said that it's hunted though because of the disappearances. But we know now that it's because of the fallen angels."

"Hm." Basa-kun hummed at her statement.

The two of them entered the abandoned church. It was rather small and humble compared to Buddhist temples, as Christianity wasn't practiced much in Japan than other religions, but she could tell that in the past the church would've been of high make. Marble floors that once were polished and stained glass windows that had long since faded showed hints of the church's old glory.

And all that was left now is a dusty old church with graffiti sprayed upon the almost brittle walls, along with the occasional flora that had overgrown from the outside soil. The inside was also slightly wet and humid due to the fact that it had rained the night before and the debilitated roof had many holes in it.

"What are we going to do now?" she asked.

Basa-kun didn't answer for a moment, then he spoke. "How about you take a look at it?"

She looked at him questioningly. "What do you mean?"

"Try to investigate. We're thinking that this is the base of operation for our kidnapping suspects; is there anything to find here that can support that?"

Yuki frowned. Was this a test? She supposes that she could entertain him.

She looked around the place, examining anything for clues. On a cursory glance this place is as abandoned as it gets - untouched and forgotten by time, only desecrated by the occasional vandalism. However, there were a few things that one could spot with a sharp eye that could prove that assumption wrong. Small litters, indicating evidence of recent activity. And while it could be argued that the liters could be blown by the wind, maybe even thrown by a past vandal, or anything like that…

She spots something and she finds herself walking towards it before bending down to pick it up.

Between her fingers was a cigarette butt thrown away.

"Someone was here." she concluded.

The cigarette butt she held was in pristine condition, with the whites of its filter paper still visible and not unlike the other litters which were in various degrees of decomposition, although there was a slight smudge of dirt on it. Interestingly it wasn't wet like the others and was completely dry despite the fact that it had rained yesterday. This must've meant that whoever threw this away only did so a few hours before.

It was also squashed flat, meaning it was stepped on. And since it was dry the floor must have been dry as well when the cigarette was thrown away. Yuki looked down on the floor where the cigarette butt was and saw a slight smidge of soil and dirt on the floor that was hard to see if one wouldn't specifically look for it. However, the floor's dust and debris should've been washed away especially with such heavy rain yesterday; at no point the dirt should've remained when the surrounding marble was clear of it.

And since the litter was stepped on by a shoe, it must have trodden on wet soil, like the one outside the church.

"Footprints." she muttered, realizing what exactly she was looking at. "These are footprints."

She looked around and also saw some smidge of dirt near her. These must have been other footprints as well, implying the presence of more people. Yuki looked ahead and tried to follow where they went - from the entrance they walked across the hall.

"And it all leads to…" she turned to the church altar, where a lectern long gone would have to be placed. She frowned however, when she realized there wasn't exactly anything there. "...Nowhere, I suppose. That's strange, why did it suddenly cut off?"

No, that was strange, there must be something. She doesn't see anything though, there wasn't anything there. But… she had a feeling that was wrong, somehow. Shouldn't there be at least something?

Her thoughts spiraled, and for a moment it felt like she had a terrible migraine. There was something there, but there wasn't - two repelling ideas clashing within her mind and replacing each other ad nauseam. What was—?

"You can stop looking at that."

Yuki turned to look at Basa-kun, who was writing something on a notebook. Before she could question what he was writing however, he pocketed it and approached the altar as well. "Don't worry, you're correct in your assessment. That's the place."

Her brows furrowed. "What do you mean? There's nothing here." …Or was there?

He seemed to notice her confusion. "Yeah, it's a bit nauseating to deal with. Hold on."

Kneeling on his knees, he then started to tinker with… something. Yuki couldn't understand what he was doing, but she could hear him muttering about 'arrays' and 'scriptures'. She tried to follow but the conflicting thoughts in her head were distracting enough for her to have a hard time doing so.

Then suddenly it disappeared and clarity fell upon her. Yuki felt something pressing on her mind go away, and she realized that there was something in the altar that she didn't see earlier - a square cut hole on the ground, with stairs leading somewhere further down.

Basa-kun stood up, grabbed a handkerchief from his pocket, and wrote something there. After doing so he extended the cloth to her.

"Here, take it." he offered.

Yuki took the cloth but her attention was focused on what was ahead of her.

There was a hidden entrance.

"It's cliché for bases to have hidden entrances. Well, not really hidden, since a hidden entrance almost always gets revealed either way, but these fallen angels seem to not be trying very hard. " Basa-kun explained. "They're not even hiding evidence of their presence or the memetic bounded field they put on the entrance. I guess they were arrogant enough to think that it's enough."

"Memetic bounded field?" Yuki muttered as she tried to shake her head clear.

"Magic thing that affects your mind in a specific area. Plants ideas in your head like how it hid that entrance." he clarified. "I modified it and put it on the handkerchief. If you hold that then no one would notice you."

Then, he walked towards the stairs and went down.

Yuki followed wordlessly behind him as they descended the stairs, their footsteps echoing in the stairwell that was only partially lit sunlight that passed through the church. Much to her consternation though, Yuki couldn't help but feel nervous as they went down the steps, no matter how much she tried to bury the feeling.

But, when they finally arrived at the end of the stairwell and were met by an expansive basement, the nervous feeling was quickly smothered with shock with what she saw.

There were people. People that were blindfolded, gagged, and kneeling with their hands tied behind their backs. Immediately, Yuki had recognized them as those who were stated as missing in the police reports. They were placed on the far corner of the basement away from sight, unmoving, and quiet. She suspected that magic was involved to make it that way.

And near them were a group of people; two men and two women. The basement had simple furniture like a table and chair, seemingly brought from the outside and just placed here. They seemed to just be lounging around, doing nothing in particular and just chatting with each other. Although one of the males were smoking and one female was reading a book.

Yet all of those observations remain on the sideline because of one thing - these people have folded black feathered wings on their backs.

Fallen angels.

She stiffened when she felt a hand suddenly grip her shoulder, but relaxed when she realized that it was just Basa-kun. She turned to face him and was met with an even stare. "Calm down. They haven't noticed us."

Yuki nodded her head and took a deep breath to calm herself. Her hands clutched the cloth in her hands tightly.

"What's going to happen next?" she asked after.

"Just observe them, find out what's going on and what they're doing, and see what's the best move forward while taking care of the consequences of involving ourselves." he explained idly. "Ideally we should leave without interfering at all and things will be fine without doing anything."

She nodded, then turned to watch the fallen angels as they chatted.

"—Hey, how long are we going to wait inside this dump of a church? I want to go back and sleep on a proper bed already." one of the male fallen angels grunted.

"Go complain to those old men then. See if you can get anything." the smoking one replied.

"I probably could. It's not like they can do anything to us with them looking so feeble like that."

"Don't." the female angel reading a book interrupted, not even looking up from its pages. "You'd probably get killed and I don't want to have anything to do with it. Did you hear what happened to one of our agents here when he disobeyed orders?"

The smoking angel raised a brow. "This I didn't hear. I suppose you mean the one monitoring the descendant of the chosen hero?"

"Yes. Apparently he fucked around and tried to kill the mortal. Not a problem really, but you'd think that he would've read between the lines and realized that the old men were thinking of using the mortal as an asset." she replied. "Then there's also the fact that the dumbass failed to kill the mortal because of some intervention with the demon here. They were really angry about that, so they ripped his wings off and force-fed it to him before executing him."

The other male angel scoffed. "That just means he's weak then. He gets what he deserves."

The smoking angel puffed his cigarette. "And what, you're different? Fear the old men who survived the War of Heaven, newbie. A hundred year old neophyte like you shouldn't get a big head with the freedom from the heavenly host, and just because you were grouped in with us because of your skills it doesn't mean that you're some sort of genius."

"Tch." the male angel clicked his tongue before standing up and approaching the kidnapped people. "At least let me entertain myself. This whole assignment has been tedious." he grabbed the face of one of the females there, inspecting her thoughtfully. "Couldn't I at least play with this one? She doesn't look too bad."

This time the smoking angel scoffed. "What, can't get your game outside? Should be easy picking some girl up."

"The hell is that supposed to mean!?"

"Enough." their bickering stopped when the last female fallen angel spoke, her stern voice echoing throughout the basement. "Those mortals will remain untouched. We cannot afford to mess up the ritual."

The male angel removed his hands from the female, before moving back to his seat. "Yeah, yeah." he grumbled.

Yuki scowled as she heard all of this.

"...Disgusting." she muttered. "How can they do this?"

"Some people are just evil." that was Basa-kun's reply. "Simple evil exists, since without it there can be no clear good. Without such a thing, there is no conflict in stories-to-be. Nothing to move its plot forward."

Bitterness filled up inside her at those words, making her grit her teeth. His words on how everything works like a story remains doubtful in her ears, no matter how much things are pointed out to her that proves it so. Yet if his words really were to be believed… if the world really does work like that…

"Isn't that unfair? That we experience problems just because there has to be this 'conflict'?"

Basa-kun gave her a glance. She didn't know what was going on his mind as he did so, but there was something behind those eyes.

Then he shrugged.

"Someone has to be entertained after all." he idly answered.

What… What does that mean? What was he implying?

Yuki opened her mouth, about to ask more questions, but before she could do so she was interrupted by a hum from Basa-kun, who was looking thoughtfully at the fallen angels.

"I guess intervening them would be the best choice. They're clearly trying to go out of their way to harm innocents even when there are other ways to accomplish the task… I'd probably need to change their mind about their approach for that."

Yuki looked at him in surprise. "You're going to intervene? How? What are we going to do?"

Basa-kun started walking towards the fallen angels.

"Just stay there and let me deal with it."

"Just stay there and let me deal with it." I told the heroine as I approached the fallen.

Man, that girl really is something else. Aside from the initial nervousness, she didn't even hesitate in accompanying me into the lair of these fallen angels. I never said a thing when she started following me after we finished breakfast with Aoki-san. I was expecting hesitation or maybe even her backing out in fear - but no, it doesn't seem that way.

Curiously, the heroine was getting more and more interesting by the day. Who knew that she would stumble upon a memetic bounded field on her own? I noticed it as soon as we went inside the church but she actually managed to focus on it after following the evidence. That's something that even those ridiculously effective shounen top detectives will miss, no matter how much evidence pointed towards its existence - trust me, I've checked.

And with her being able to follow me and interact fully with other people of different genres, something that I've never seen anyone do was icing on the cake. Even Rias, who I've known for years now, hasn't interacted with Aoki-san despite being close by. The two had never met despite being aware of the other's existence as my neighbor/past classmate because they never seem to cross each other's paths by coincidence, no matter how contrived the reason. Yet, somehow this heroine never had any problems with that.

It pretty much led me to a single conclusion. Something that I was suspecting for a while now.

It's not a matter of this girl somehow changing genres but rather, the genre divide didn't work for this heroine. An abnormality like that is so utterly unique in this world that I only know of one person like that.

Me.

Very curious, very curious indeed. Why was the girl a similar existence to me, I wonder? And why now? Why did she spontaneously get that ability? And the possibility she brings - does that mean there are even more people who suddenly gained the ability like her? The implications, people, there are just so many!

But I digress. There are fallen angels that need dealing with.

I left the memetic bounded field that I gave the heroine. Naturally as I walked away from her I also left its area of effect, making my appearance go not unnoticed. The fallen suddenly jolted from their seats as they felt my presence appear almost out of nowhere.

There's a lot of them, and I'd like to deal with this as cleanly as possible so… I guess I'll go with one of my usual approaches.

"Hey, what's up my dudes?" they turned to me in surprise and I raised a hand in greeting. "Fancy seeing you here. Nice weather we're having. Did you get a haircut?"

There was a beat of silence.

"What the—" the smoking fallen angel said in surprise, his cigarette falling from his hand. "Who the hell are you!?"

"A human…?" the female fallen with the book muttered, before rounding to the shocked male beside her. "Hey, I thought you got the bounded field running!?"

"I did! No human shouldn't have been able to get here!"

"Well clearly not since we're seeing one right now!"

"It's not my fault!" he defended.

"What is the meaning of this!? Why is there a mortal here!?" the leader female fallen snarled at her followers.

"Blame the newbie. He must have messed things up somehow."

"Wha— Say that to my face again, you nicotine addict!"

"You fucked things up."

"You…!"

I sighed loudly, the sound of it cut through the din, and I raised my arms placatingly at the bickering fallen angels who suddenly stopped bickering to look at me.

"Now, now, let's all calm down." I said in a calming tone. "No need to get so worked up."

"YOU'RE THE LAST ONE WE WANT TO HEAR THAT FROM!" they all shouted.

How to deal with shounen characters with the least amount of effort exerted. Let's run that through, shall we?

First, in the event that you are in a position where you can take out the characters by surprise, and that they know nothing about you, first lower their guard by applying rules of shounen comedy. Say something ridiculous or wacky, one that will catch them off guard, before following with a dialogue that follows the forced structure of Japanese Manzai Comedy.

"You! Mortal!" the ill-tempered male fallen shouted at me while pointing rather aggressively. "How did you get here!?"

"Eh? What do you mean? I just walked inside the church." I answered cluelessly.

"That's fine but you shouldn't have passed the bounded field!"

"Eh? Blonde and filled? The hell are you talking about?"

The male fallen paused in hesitation. "...You didn't pass through anything strange? Nothing at all?"

"Dunno. I was walking around and when I tripped I somehow got into these stairs. Then I went down and I got here and saw you guys."

"Are you telling me that mortal literally stumbled in here?" the other female fallen said in disbelief.

"I gotta say though." I continued. "You guys have pretty cool costumes. Those are some really realistic wings. Are you cosplayers? Did I stumble on a secret cosplay rendezvous or something?" I made a show to look at the kidnapped people. "...Or maybe something kinkier? I don't judge."

There was silence.

The smoking fallen angel, who had dropped his cigarette in surprise at my appearance, shook his head and approached me. "Well, whatever. This was unexpected… but ultimately harmless. Oi, newbie. You go and fix the bounded field." he started walking towards me. "I'll just quickly deal with this mortal."

Second step.

"An unfortunate fate you found yourself, mortal. To think you'll literally stumble your way to death." the fallen said. "Nonetheless, I—"

My leg lashed out with a kick strong enough to displace air that hit his side, the sheer force of the hit making him bend around on my leg like a wet noodle, before launching his body to the side where it smashed on the wall with an audible crash.

The other fallen looked at their comrade who was now fully unconscious.

"Eh?" the book-reading fallen uttered, her book falling out of her hands from shock.

As the scene is focused on comedy, these characters have their guards down and are vulnerable for attacks. And so, if one of the characters reaches your range, either by you moving or them approaching you… use the opportunity to take them out immediately to create a mood whiplash that breaks the hell out of the tone of the scene.

"You…! Who the hell are you!?" one of them stepped back cautiously,

I smiled, and the fallen bristled.

"What are you talking about? I'm just an ordinary guy."

Third step.

Take the initiative. Gain control of the flow of the battle. Right now, the mood whiplash created a contrast in the scene, and my smiling self had turned intimidating. The fear factor makes these characters unable to act for a moment as they hesitate on what to do. They would be sweating slightly, mind racing as they stare at my form, that if this scenario were to be in some manga then…

ゴゴゴゴゴゴゴ

Yeah, like that.

However, these people are fallen angels. Their pride would be clashing with their sense of danger. Least of all, they don't want to acknowledge the fact that a mortal like me would be able to make them feel fear. And it wouldn't do good for a fight scene where the person currently in the spotlight cannot show off, therefore…

"Damn mortal…! You think you can play around with us like that!?"

"Kill him!"

Two of the fallen angels flapped their wings, launching themselves at me with a great burst of speed. Shimmering light appeared on their hands which solidified into spears; raising them up, they aimed to stab me with their weapons.

Naturally, I didn't let them.

Their movements were polished, having lived for a millenia or longer and thus experienced in the arts of war. Yet for all their grace and martial ability they were still slow enough that I had to wait for them to reach me first before using that opportunity to meet their attacks.

I settled myself into a stance, then just before their spears would've skewered me—I moved.

Between my fingers, I caught the head of the spear stabbing to my face and made it stop completely. In that same movement, I also leaned my body to the side by stepping one leg back to avoid the other spear stabbing me in the heart. It's not a practical way to defend myself from the attack, but the thing is that doesn't matter.

Which leads to the final step.

Show-off the difference in power. Make a show of how you completely outclass them when the spotlight is pointed right towards you. A brazen act like that emphasizes just how much I outlevel them, upstaging them completely and turning them into mooks.

Then, in the spirit of every action anime where a character tries to show off, these mooks will then say—

"What!? (Nani!?)"

In that moment of melodramatic shock, I used that window of opportunity to attack them. They didn't register me moving in a burst of speed and lashing out my fists towards their bodies. With combined knowledge of martial arts and applying magecraft, my fists dug into their guts and ignored their innate angel durabilities, spittle coughed out their mouths as I hit their knockout button and made their eyes roll up.

Their bodies fell to the ground as it lost strength. They didn't stand back up.

I let out a breath.

And that, kids, is how you do a curbstomp.

I turned to the last female fallen angel, the one who hadn't attacked me, and I found her dropping to the ground from losing the strength of her legs as she openly stared at me with fear in her eyes.

"Don't do anything stupid now.." I told her. "I'm going to ask you some questions, and if you answer I'll leave you alone."

"A-Ah…" she stammered.

Before I could do anything though, I heard hurried footsteps coming right beside me. I turned around to see that it was the heroine. With wide eyes she looked at me, to the fallen angels, then back to me again.

"What the heck was that!?" she almost shrieked.

I raised a brow. "What are you so surprised about? I'm sure you know I'm not exactly normal."

She hesitated at that. "No, but those movements… that wasn't magic now, was it?"

"Well I guess it's pretty unbelievable when seeing it for the first time. Yeah, that was martial arts. It's not magic, but there are moments where it gets just as ridiculous that it might as well be one." the amount of 'styles' I saw born out of nebulous logic… seriously, there's so much. I shook my head. "Anyway, time to find out more about this whole thing. Hey, you."

"Y-Yes!" the female fallen angel answered fearfully.

"Tell us what's the deal with this kidnapping thing."

The fallen angel did just that, squealing out their plans for us to hear.

It appeared that they were kidnapping these people as a sacrifice.to power some ritual in order to open a gateway to hell. They were apparently sent here and were ordered by their higher ups. The magic circle was to act as an alternative pathway in order for them to allow clandestine operations after allying with some demon noble scion in hell as they plotted stuff, yada yada.

"Then our boss would arrive in this town so that he would get rid of the demon this city and—"

"Yeah, it's fine. You can stop now." I said, stopping her.

The heroine frowned. "Rid of the demon in this city? Does that mean they want to fight Satanichia-san? She's involved with this?"

"She usually involves herself with the supernatural, so yes, she'll be involved. Especially when demons are in the picture." I answered. "Well, I guess that answers that. Get those people out here by the way, I'll just be hypnotizing these people so that they'll think they completed the ritual. Probably heal them too so they wouldn't notice anything wrong."

The heroine nodded her head in agreement, heading towards the kidnapped people and doing just that. However, she stopped.

"Wait." she called out. "There are some people missing here."

"Ah, right." I frowned and glanced around the basement. "About that… that's different."

It was something that I noticed when we arrived at the church that I started to think that there was more to this than I thought.

If one were to observe this place closely and take note of whatever details you can find, it's easy to see that there was something strange in the place and that it wasn't just a simple base of operations for these fallen angels.

This basement's moss-ridden walls exhibited wear and tear that indicated that this place had been around for a long time. This place looked ancient, looking similar enough to the ruins of a dungeon - and for a person sensitive enough to the supernatural, they can feel the corrupted energies suffused on its bricks being far older than expected.

This basement, whatever it is, predated the church that was built above it. In fact, it was probable that the church was built here because of this place. Something to stave off whatever was in here; a place that was enough to attract fallen angels due to how much corruptive energies it exudes.

Then there was also the fact that the heroine missed in her investigations and something that I included in my own. It's true that there are mysterious disappearances in this place, but the truth was it was already happening even before the fallen angels - albeit in a far spaced out manner. In a manner of years, at most.

I had suspicions on what dwells in this basement.

Turning to the heroine who looked confused at my reply to her, I spoke. "Grit your teeth."

My finger snapped, and a burst of mana spilled out around me that unwound the hidden seal in the local space. The dispelling magic worked its way around, then eventually reached a crack in the seal that was spilling corrupted energy that seeped out to the materium, widening it, then eventually making it disappear.

Then the world cracked and revealed something despicable.


Spoiler

It was hard to look at, yet the best it could be described as is a formless mesh of false flesh with three eyes and a grinning pseudo-mouth. In a way, it looked like a woman and maybe even a nun wearing a veil, but only if it was viewed in the right angle and with darkness surrounding it. It was a parody of a human being, like a predator mimicking something so that it may attract its prey.

And from its appearance a terrible suffocating pressure pressed upon the area. The mere sight of it invoked a feeling of revulsion, terror, and helplessness rolled into one, and it seemed like whatever this thing is, it was meant to be feared. Because that's what it essentially was; fear made manifest.

A horror monster.

I stared at the eldritch monster calmly.

"Let's get this over with."
Last edited: Nov 27, 2023
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, I'mAbitLAZY and 2,208 others
Skrubchap
Nov 27, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 6
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Dec 23, 2023
Add bookmark
#542
Sorry again for the long wait. The finals term happened in a single week then exams the week after that, and then after that we worked on thesis defense. It was hell.

Anyhow, here goes the next chapter.

Chapter 6

I hate horror monsters.

Now that statement may come off as unexpected. I, Basa-kun, have explored every genre of this world thoroughly that there are so many things about it that don't bother me anymore - so why would I be scared of horror monsters? Shouldn't there be more things to be scared of, like in a normal action setting perhaps?

But the thing is, I'm not scared of horror. And that's not a statement of denial to assuage my pride or anything. Because, let me reiterate, I am not scared of horror monsters.

I hate it.

See, monsters are the staple of the horror genre - stories that were meant to spook people by making characters live out terrifying experiences. Something that they might survive but more than likely would not.

And in a ridiculous anime world like this, where the people are given certain roles from the moment they're born out of their mother's womb, what else perfectly encapsulates the unfairness and cruelty of the world giving such a grim fate towards its denizens just for a story? What else shows just how little your free will is in this world and what it means to live here?

Fate leads the unwilling, and drags along the reluctant. That is to say not all fates are bad; some live peaceful, if not outright just happier lives. But such a fate is a privilege that can be decided essentially by how lucky you are. And some aren't just that fortunate.

Which is why I hate horror monsters. I hate what they are - and especially, what they represent.

But, I digress.

"—Ah!"

From the sudden appearance of the monster, the heroine let out a choked gasp. The first time of getting exposed to a horror monster was a memorable one. I myself had a similar reaction when I first encountered one and only got used to the instilled fear by repeated exposure to recognize that the feeling was false. And also the fact that I've encountered things worse than it was helping tremendously.

Impressively, the heroine seemed to have the resilience to withstand its terrifying presence and not get overwhelmed with the sudden sensation of fear - she grit her teeth and shook in place, but her legs didn't lose strength and she remained standing.

In contrast, the fallen angel shrieked in fear and was staring at the monster with wide fearful eyes. Her body, still on the floor, was paralyzed even as she shook in place.

"W-What, what is that?" the heroine stuttered out in fear.

I glanced back at the monster. "It's a creature from the horror genre. Likely the source of the corruption in this church." I answered. "I should've realized that if there was a place that it'll be at, it would be here. It was probably 'hibernating' inside the damaged seal in this basement after a recent victim and which made it ignore the fallen angels when they arrived."

In short, this church had been the setting for two different plots. The genre divide probably worked to give some string of coincidences so that the fallen angels wouldn't meet this monster - and it would probably continue for other different plots that could involve this church.

As for what exactly this monster was, I do not know exactly. I do have an idea of what exactly the situation is though with the environment around me painting it out. It was probably a spirit captured in the older times and its seal had been damaged at some point, perhaps due to an unfortunate accident or just because of time. That caused the corrupted energy to leak out, causing the land to become cursed, and is mitigated by the building of this church above it.

Judging by the current state of this church it seems to have failed. What's more, the monster had taken it into account in its hunt for victims. Since it kind of looks like a nun, it was probably hunting around any poor soul around here looking like that, making them let their guard down and allow them to approach. Of course, this leads to a reveal that they're not really looking at something human.

Then, they'll get killed. Or perhaps escape. But the mere fact that this monster wasn't defeated even in such a long time meant that this will continue again and again, taking the lives of victims subjected to the tragic fate of a horror character.

I frowned. Not for long.

The monster turned its eyes to me, being the nearest one after being suddenly forced into wakefulness. I could sense malice from its deformed face and the terrible pressure multiplied as it focused its attention on me.

—I may have said to the heroine that sometimes the best thing to do is to leave things alone in the plot, but this is one of the exceptions. Horror stories rarely end with things getting better - they usually end in some tragedy with lives lost, or worse, show that the monster is alive in some way.

What's more, the scope of the story is usually small and is limited to the monster and its victims. That means that if I were to get rid of the monster, then it wouldn't be like the case of intervening with large plots where the effects of my actions could potentially make things worse further down the line.

Therefore, there's no reason that these things shouldn't be purged without hesitation.

The monster's face stretched inhumanly, its mouth grinning with a creepy smile as its three eyes set itself on my form. I wasn't making my mana circuits open nor was exuding any particular energy so to it, I was just prey - a normal human that can be subjected to its torture and malice. It then started to lumber toward me.

And I walked towards it in kind.

"Wait, Basa-kun!" the heroine shouted out, voice cracking slightly. "What are you—"

I raised up a hand.

Holy Evocation. Purification Spiritual Breathing. Essence Destruction. Flames of Exorcism. Sealing Arts: Hakai. Supernatural Nullification. Burning Star of Annihilation. Ravage Ectoplast. Bladeless Spiritual Cutting. All of that, and many more.

The various spells, magics, skills, abilities and martial arts that I thought would be appropriate - I brought it all up and integrated them together in a flawless combination. I focused it all on the tip of my pointing finger, and the digit suddenly lit up like a bright star as the concentrated energies turned into a unified whole.

The monster paused for a brief moment as it registered that I was no normal prey, but it was too late.

I touched it with my finger.

There was a moment of silence, both infinite and instant in length in time as if reality had lagged slightly trying to parse the different systems I strung up together, then space warped at the point I had touched the monster as all the abilities I brought up worked together in tandem.

Then a large chunk of the monster's upper body exploded in a shower of gore, and everything took on a lighter atmosphere as the terrifying receded almost instantaneously.

Sighing, I wiped away the blood that had stained my face. I was completely in the blast zone of the gore, and now I'm covered in blood, viscera, and whatever else fluids that thing has. "...I was sure Flames of Exorcism and Burning Star would've boiled the blood off this time." I muttered, tone clipped, before blinking when the blood staining me felt boiling hot and it was actually hissing. "Hm. Not enough heat to completely vaporize then. Or maybe unique to the physiology of the monster? I guess I'll find out."

I turned back towards the heroine. "Alright, we're done here. You can… Hm?"

The heroine had a silly expression with her mouth wide open, as if unable to believe what she just saw. Beside her, the fallen angel was sprawled on the floor, mouth foaming and completely catatonic.

"Y-You… t-that…" the heroine tried to speak.

I raised a brow. "You good?"

She inhaled sharply and tried to visibly calm herself down. "...Forgive me, these past few minutes have been… trying."

I stare at her for a few seconds. "You know, there's no need to act tough. It's okay to feel bothered by what you saw."

She opened her mouth, about to say something, but she stopped and grit her teeth. "I'm fine." she insisted.

Okay, then.

I shrugged. "Well if you're going to be like that, you can go gather those kidnapped people above while I deal with everything here. I'll clean up the mess and clear the memories of the fallen angels."

After saying my piece, I glanced back at the monster's body and examined it closely. The horror monster was the type that was incorporeal judging by the flesh and gore was dispersing into wisps. My guess would be that it's some type of curse made manifest, kinda like that particular supernatural action setting that I encountered once.

Anyways, the body's mine now. I could study it or maybe make use of it as material, as horror monsters are magical creatures in their own right. Still, I should probably get moving before the corpse disappears completely.

Activating a spell, I touched the floor and summoned a glowing magic circle filled with formulae which surrounded the corpse which then started to ascend slowly, passing through it and sending it to my subspace where it will be preserved completely. I stood back up and waited for the whole process to shortly finish.

"..."

I turned to the heroine, who was still standing there, unmoving. "...Are you just going to stay there? I thought you'd have wanted to help those kidnapped as fast as possible?"

"...It won't move."

"What?"

The heroine glanced to the side. "I can't… I can't move my legs."

I gave her a flat look for a few seconds, before palming my face with a sigh.

"See, this is why I told you to not act tough. I'll go help the people who were kidnapped while you recover." I walked towards the humans near the corner of the basement. "I swear, you better not have peed yourself while you're at it. I'm not going near you and make my quirk act if you did."

"Wha—!? I-I did not!"

After cleaning up the basement and the strategic use of hypnotism to deal with the loose ends, we now have the police managing to rescue a bunch of kidnapped people from an abandoned church who they found sedated in a hidden basement. This will definitely be on the news tonight as many would be disturbed by a serial kidnapper present in the neighborhood, unknowing of the fact that they were now safe from a far worse evil.

Alongside that, the fallen angels would also think that they successfully completed the ritual that needed human sacrifices in order to activate a portal to hell instead of me just powering it open. It took a bit of my magical reserves, but I believe it is needed so that whatever plot they belong to will move forward. No chance of it being led straight to me, of course. I made sure of it.

All that accomplished in around a single hour after breakfast on our way to school. It was a productive start to the day all things considered, and there's still about a couple of hours left before class starts. Plenty of time for us to not be late.

As we walked, the heroine was completely silent. Her expression was that of being filled with thought, absorbing everything that had happened in the past hour, because while she may have an idea of the supernatural and all the other things beyond her setting - this was the first time she was exposed to it in full.

I stopped on my tracks, prompting the heroine to look up from her pondering and do so as well.

"If we go further from here we'll have other students seeing us," I explained before she could voice out her question. "So unless you want to have some rumors about you hanging out with someone like me, then we'll have to separate here. You go past this street while I go there."

She blinked. "Ah, yes. Of course."

The heroine walked forward a bit, but her legs stopped moving after a few steps.

"...Is it always like this?" she suddenly asked.

I gave her a curious look. "What do you mean?"

She turned around, staring at me straight in the eye. "I'm asking if this is normally how it goes for you. You deal with these kinds of things everyday, is that correct?"

"Yeah?" I answered with a raised brow.

For a second she seemed unsure, but it was quickly smothered in but a moment when she took a deep breath.

"Please teach me magic." she implored. "I want to help."

My brows furrowed.

"...Didn't I tell you to not let your issues dictate you? You don't have to feel responsible for risking your life to help others when you have your own life to live."

She shook her head. "N-No. I'm not…" she paused. "I… perhaps I still feel the need to hold myself responsible to help others, but it's not the reason I'm asking so right now. No, I'm doing so because I think it's the right thing to do."

She gave me a determined look; the certainty held in her gaze made it so that it wouldn't be too out of place on many shounen protagonists.

"I want to help you in your mission of dealing with these different… plots. And I want to learn magic so I may assist you."

I stared at her in silence.

She uneasily fidgeted in place as her request remained unanswered.

"O-Or am I being a hindrance? I certainly have been bothering you these past couple days, aren't I? My presence would have slowed your plans somewhat." she sighed. "I-If that's the case, I understand. You can erase my memories so that you could go back to doing your—"

I raised a hand, making her stop.

Then I grinned.

"Sure." I answered.

The heroine paused. "Eh?"

I brought my hand down. "You want to help? Sure. I'll teach you some magic too." I shrugged. "I'll warn you that I'm a strict teacher though. So you better prepare yourself."

She blinked in surprise, before shaking it off and nodding. "Y-Yes. Thank you."

I shook my head. "No. If anything, I should be thanking you." I said to her. "Let's meet at my apartment again if you want to start learning."

Walking past the stunned heroine, I waved a hand as I went on my way.

"Looking forward to working with you, Yuki."

The broad back of the young man who had defeated beings of myths and horror not even a few hours prior had retreated, eventually disappearing once he crossed the street.

…He finally called me by my name.

That was what Yuki had thought as she watched her enigmatic classmate walk away, slightly surprised that he actually chose to do so after all the times he had kept called her 'heroine'.

And the way he grinned victoriously earlier, as if he was waiting for her to say all that…

According to Basa-kun, reality works like a story. That meant that to him, perhaps, she was nothing but a heroine and never will be anything else. A simple character without any true depth.

Was that her passing some sort of test? Was that his way of telling Yuki that he acknowledges her? That to him, she wasn't just some character acting on a narrative?

Basa-kun acted aloof and uninterested around everyone in general. Her classmates thought of it as him being arrogant, but if one were to see reality his way, then there was a divide between others and him that kept him from ever relating to them. Only two people - that being his neighbor Aoki-san and his old classmate Rias - seemed to have been the exception. And even in the short time she had met them she knew that they were undoubtedly people he cherished.

It was flattering, she supposed, for her to be acknowledged by him.

Perhaps the Yuki of yesterday wouldn't say that at any point but seeing what he had done this morning had changed her impression of him tremendously. She had thought of him as a thug with supernatural powers, but it was clear that Basa-kun was helping others as much as he could. He was, quite literally, an unnoticed hero.

Just how long had he been dealing with things like this? What she saw earlier - it was surreal. She still felt shivers recalling that monster underneath the Church, and yet Basa-kun treated it as an ordinary thing.

And chances are with him, it probably was.

It was humbling to see all that. Days before, her life was consumed by problems that could be boiled down to simple misunderstandings, and then you have Basa-kun fighting demons or something.

So she wanted to help. Just so to lessen the burden that a person like him must have. The ever-present need to feel responsible for others was still there, lurking in the back of her mind, but she had learned to steadily ignore it now that Basa-kun had pointed it out.

She was doing this because it is the right thing to do… and maybe because she was curious and was slightly excited to learn magic. But mostly the first part.

"Still, I suppose I should prepare myself for it." she muttered, resuming her walk.

As she pondered just how to do all that, however, she failed to notice someone in front of the school gate who seemed to have waited for her.

"Yuki-san!"

Yuki jerked slightly at her name being called, and turned her attention to someone she had avoided in the past few days. The aloof and stoic boy with black and messy hair that was part of her club, along with the bubbly Kaede.

"M-Makoto-kun…" she said in surprise. "What are you doing here?"

Spoiler: Literally most generic anime boy

Her clubmate raised a hand in greeting and approached her, giving her a slight smile. "Good morning, Yuki-san. I was just waiting for something to arrive - you know, about the request we received yesterday?"

She tilted her head. "Was there? I don't quite recall any request like that."

"A-Ah, it must have been the day before then." he corrected, averting his eyes as he did so. "You… weren't there."

Yuki slowly nodded. That was when she had met Basa-kun when she encountered the stray demon.

They descended into slight silence. The air between them was uncertain, with what had happened in the festival, and now she didn't really know how to deal with it. It was as if there was a wall separating between them now.

Though she noticed that it wasn't as oppressive as it was before. A change on her part. She wondered if it was because of the literal oppressive presence she had felt an hour ago.

And more than that, she was starting to wonder… was it really that big of a deal in the first place? Sure it was awkward, but it's a natural consequence of being uncertain. One that could be solved by clear communication. And yet… she never thought of that.

Was this what Basa-kun had meant with drama characters being dumb and creating their own drama?

"I see." she finally said after a while of silence, shelving the epiphany for later. "I hope you can complete the request then." she paused. "...By the way, is it alright for us to talk later at the club, Makoto-kun?"

He blinked in surprise. "Ah, we will? I-I mean, sure. Let's talk."

Yuki smiled. It's about time they deal with the tension between them anyway.

"Great. I'll see you and Kaede there."


"Home sweet home." I muttered as I closed the door behind me. After the fiasco during the morning it had been a full day of monitoring the city and other places I tagged, along with studying the horror monster corpse inside my subspace while half-heartedly listening to class. A bit of an uneventful day, all things considered.

That is, if you didn't count the events this morning. Now that is something that I'm getting excited about.

Exterminating horror monsters was good and all, and whatever was happening to Rias' plot remained untouched. But that wasn't what I was excited about; it was what happened after, with the heroine firmly requesting to involve herself to my cause.

There was a choice for her to want to have a normal life, choosing to stay within the confines of her genre despite exhibiting the ability to bypass it. It would be deadly, considering she might stumble upon action settings again like when we first met, and she'd be defenseless. But despite the risks there was always a chance for her to choose so.

However, she didn't choose it. Instead she chose to do what she thought was right. She wanted to assist me, helping me in my quest to not let plots devolve into disasters. That meant plenty of opportunities; opportunities for lessened workload due to someone helping me, opportunities for another mind to serve as a second opinion…

Opportunities for study of another being capable of ignoring this world's very nature.

My lips quirked up into a smile, the giddiness I felt earlier returning back to me. The road to true understanding was a long one, but with her presence it would be shortened quite a bit. The notebook I carried and the notes filling its pages just from this morning's observations can testify to that.

Still, with that done and the heroine coming to learn some magic, it'll have to be after school club hours before I could actually do anything. Plus I already drafted a lesson plan for the heroine to learn during school hours, so there wasn't really anything for me to do now.

Whenever in times like these I usually visited Aoki-san and hang out with her, maybe have some fun ravishing her sexy milf body until she and I were satisfied, but she won't be back in a few hours after returning to work.

That meant I was left with free time with nothing to do… which really just meant shenanigans coming inbound. Because that's how this world works.

So, I found myself completely unsurprised when stomps from further in the living room alerted me of another presence in the apartment.

"Basaaaaa!!!"

And before I knew it, I was face to face with an angry redhead demon girl.

"Hello, Rias." I greeted flatly.

"You!" she shouted, pointing her finger straight at my face. "You have some explaining to do, mister!"

I sighed.

This is going to be troublesome.
Last edited: Dec 24, 2023
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, I'mAbitLAZY and 2,280 others
Skrubchap
Dec 23, 2023
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 7
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jan 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#630
Happy new year, everyone! Here's a new chapter.

Chapter 7

I stared flatly as the redhead in front of me started to rant about something or another.

"—I know that you know what's happening! I should've known when you were acting all mysterious and smug that you were expecting something to happen!" she pointed at me aggressively. "Well, guess what, I know that you know it too!"

"The hell are you on about?" I deadpanned.

"Stop playing dumb!"

"No, really, I have no idea what you're saying."

She puffed her cheeks. "I'm talking about Ryuusei-kun! You knew about what would happen to him, right! And you must have summoned me somehow so that I could defend him from the fallen angel!"

My eyes widened, slightly shocked—

"Hah! See! I knew it was you!" she said in smug satisfaction after noticing my reaction. "There's no way you'll deny it now!"

"Ah, well. I was just slightly surprised that you'd noticed it. I didn't think that you would. At all." I put a hand on her shoulder and patted it, making her blink. "Good job for that, I suppose." I congratulated.

"...W-Why are you acting like that's a great achievement for me? Did you really think I wouldn't notice?" she said indignantly. "What do you think I am, an idiot!?"

I put my hand down. "Anyway, what were you talking about again?"

"Don't ignore the question! You totally think I am, don't you!"

The redhead then sighed, slumping down in a depressed manner, and my flat stare aimed at her form remained unchanging as she started to groan pitifully.

"Mouu, Basa-kun… can you please just tell me what I'm going to do now? You know what's going to happen, don't you? I need your help!" she pleaded.

"What happened to not believing that this world runs on narrative rules?" I said, raising a brow. "I distinctly remember you denying that multiple times. Why change that now?"

"That was then, this is now!" she said in complete conviction and shamelessness.

I scratched my head and sighed. "...Yeah yeah, go tell me what's happening then."

The redhead then started to explain to me what was happening in her club. Since Rias was familiar with anime tropes - with her guilty pleasure being reading trashy light novels and watching bad anime - she had it correct that she was a heroine in the protagonist's story of becoming special in the supernatural world. And now, she came to me because she doesn't want to fall in love with the protagonist.

"—So you see, I'm trying to find a way to deal with it." she fretted, biting the nail of her thumb as she started pacing in the middle of her explanation, before whipping her head around to face me with hope burning in her eyes. "But you must know something about that, right!? I mean, you're the leading expert here!"

I stared at her.

"Nah, I think it's over for you."

My words visually stabbed itself to her heart, making her back away clutching her chest. "E-Eh?"

"You'll be part of his harem no matter what you do. Try to resist and you'll eventually warm up to him, try to go along without meaning it and it'll lead to the same result." my words uppercutted her this time. "All roads lead to defeat. You'll be riding on his dick before you even notice it." a punch to the gut.

She slumped on the floor, weakly bringing a hand up in surrender. "N-No… no more…!"

I brought a hand to my chin, slightly pondering on how to voice out my thoughts, before shrugging.

"Well, in conclusion… you're fucked. Best I could say is to give up and just enjoy the ride."

The statement was accompanied with a complete KO. She fell face-first on my apartment's floor, her soul leaving out her mouth.

—Then she surprisingly recovered with swiftness and immediately stood up in anger, stuffing herself into my personal space as she pushed her face near mine, and taking hold of the collar of my school uniform.

"D-Don't you have some tact!? What's with you, saying all those things so mercilessly!" she shouted as she started shaking me by the collar, slight tears forming in her eyes. "And you didn't even think about it! At all! At least try to act concerned for me, you moron!"

"That's just how it is. If you have any complaints then curse the world, not me. I'm just saying that you have no way of changing things, and that you're destined to have him from the very beginning the moment you were born as a heroine." I stated, unaffected by her shaking. "Better luck next life."

"Don't 'better luck next life', me! Like hell I'll accept that!"

"Plus, maybe it's not like he's a bad guy; you might even enjoy being with him." I continued without interruption. "Many shounen heroines enjoy their lives with the protagonist, you know? Unless you ignore that they're treated like a harem collectible, but that's beside the point."

"I don't want to fall in love with someone just because destiny dictated it or whatever! That's, like, mind control but with extra steps!" she exclaimed. "A-And, shouldn't you be more concerned!? I'm your childhood friend! A childhood friend that is going to be taken away by some other person! This sexy, sinful body is going to be ravished by someone that's not you! Why don't you have a problem with that!? Are you a cuck, Basa-kun!?"

"What?" I raised a brow. "Do you like me or something? Is that it? Do you not want to fall in love because you like me already? Was that why you were so concerned?"

She opened her mouth to retort… and then paused as she registered my words, her cheeks starting to turn to a shade of crimson similar to her luscious locks of hair. "A-Ahh…" she babbled.

I sighed, shaking my head. "You're predictable. Too predictable! What, were you disappointed that you got the protagonist instead of me? I bet you felt upset for thinking that too, because you're such a nice girl. Too bad though, he's what you're going to get."

She looked down, face unreadable.

I raised a brow. "Hm… right, sorry. Did I say something that you were keeping secret? I mean, I'd have been blind to not notice it. Who wouldn't when you kept getting naked and flashed your tits to me all the time. Did I also mention I can see your nipples harden and pussy get wet slightly whenever I look at you? Yes, you horny exhibitionist, I noticed it."

She started shaking.

I sighed out loud. "Haah, I bet you were comparing him to me too. I mean I get it, I'm awesome, but that's not helping with the NTR allegations at all, woman!"

"...Idiot…"

My brows furrowed. "Huh? Say that again?"

She suddenly looked up, revealing her completely crimson face along with a manic, frenzied, and slightly teary gaze. For a moment I was caught off-guard - before it quickly turned into concern and panic when her demonic wings and tail revealed itself and large amounts of demonic energies started gathering around her.

"Basa-kun, you idiooooooot!" she cried out, shooting a wave of demonic destruction towards me.

"Wha, wait a minute—!"

And so my apartment shook, as destructive energies wreaked havoc.

"Um… what exactly is going on here?" Yuki asked.

The girl had finally arrived after finishing her club hours, to which she had gone straight here to my apartment to learn some magic. My monitoring wards had alerted me of her presence in the building before she even got to this floor, and I voiced out my permission to let her enter the door before she could even ring the doorbell.

Leading her to stumble on what exactly had transpired.

I didn't look at her, busy standing over the kneeling and pouting Rias who had a visible bump on her head as she kneeled on the floor in front of me. Around us was the living room of my apartment - or at least, what was left of it after being scorched by the destructive energies let out by Rias' outburst.

"Somebody thought it was a good idea to use her demonic magic inside my apartment." I drawled out, glaring at the offender. "And now they're getting corrected."

"I'm sowwy…" the redhead sobbed out.

The heroine looked unsure. "I-Is that so…?" she looked around, saw the destruction, and winced. "Ah… I suppose this would be hard to clean up."

"It is."

"Yuki-san!" the redhead stood up then ran towards the girl, hiding behind her and using her as a shield from me. "Help me! Basa-kun is being mean!"

Yuki was slightly shocked at her sudden loss of personal space but recovered swiftly. She gave Rias a slightly confused look. "What exactly caused this? Some sort of accident?"

"It's because he doesn't understand how to properly handle a woman's heart!" she cried out. "Stupid Basa-kun! Baka-kun!"

"That's no excuse to destroy my apartment, woman!" I retorted.

Yuki's eyes narrowed at me. "Please don't act mean to Satanichia-san." she asserted. "While she may have made a mistake, I'm sure that she's sorry enough. I don't think there's any need to act like that."

Hey, what's with that tone. And why the hell are you acting like I'm the offending party here? Wait, did she just sneak a look at Rias' slightly teary face before looking away immediately? And is that a blush am I seeing at her?

…Is this heroine really white-knighting Rias in front of me?

What the hell is with this heroine, seriously.

I clicked my tongue and looked away when I saw that Rias was sticking out her tongue to me from behind Yuki, who remained unaware. "Whatever. Anyway, are you ready to learn some magic? We can practice here in the living room. There's some space now after all."

Yuki's eyes widened in excitement before nodding. Rias, meanwhile, looked at me in surprise.

"Wait, you're teaching her magic?" she asked.

I raised a brow. "Why? Want to teach her too?"

She opened her mouth to say something, before pausing to gain a considering look. Then, her eyes started to gleam in excitement.

"I've never had a student in magic before." she murmured. Then, she puffed herself up. "Alright, I'll teach Yuki-san some magic! I'll help you, Basa-kun!"

"So long as you don't get in the way." I sighed out, mentally resigning myself for some shenanigans. I pointed at the center of the scorched living room. "Sit there," I directed the heroine, who followed my instructions. "Now, before you learn anything magical, I want us to start at the most important spell I need you to learn."

"Most important spell?" Yuki repeated while the redhead also looked curiously at me.

"Yep. It's the most important spell I believe in my repertoire due to the sheer benefit of it, and is probably the most utilized in our line of work." this time the redhead looked really curious. I don't want to think about why. "Thankfully, it's also good for mundane stuff as well. Who knows, you might find yourself gaining better grades."

"What spell is it?"

"Simple." I pointed at my head. "Thought partitioning."

"Thought… partitioning?" Yuki said in confusion.

Rias, meanwhile, recognized the word. "Wait, you mean independent thought processes? Like splitting your mind in two or something like that?"

Yuki's eyes widened in realization. I snapped my finger and pointed at Rias. "Correct. Well, partially. It's not splitting the mind like in your setting. This is from a different one which uses a spell to create a separate independent thought process entirely. It essentially creates another mind for you to think on."

They both nodded their heads.

"Now, continuing on. The spell is very useful. It essentially improves on the mind. You aren't getting any smarter, but a quantity of thoughts is a quality on its own. 'To have a great idea is to have a lot of them.' That is the working principle of its usefulness." I explained. "Then there's also the useful fact that it could help with spell casting, calculations, incantations, and a slew of magic from other systems. It's a benefit that's best developed early, especially if you increase your thought partitions the more you become more advanced, further improving the benefits."

"How many 'thought partitions' can a person have?" Yuki asked curiously.

"No theoretical upper limit. As of now I have six hundred and thirteen thought partitions up." the answer seemed to shock them. "Many are devoted to monitoring places like this city or some other task, and many more are for supporting my other thought processes."

"That's impossible! Basa-kun, that could make you insane! Even a demon mind, much less a human one, can't handle that amount of information! I've heard of demons turning to strays after attempting what you're doing!" Rias shouted in worry.

I rolled my eyes. "Didn't I say that it's a different spell from your setting? This one has safeties in place. Plus I jailbroke the system - especially with out of context spells from other settings which essentially nullify the restrictions and make it a better spell overall. That could take a while to explain though." I added. "But, it also has another benefit."

"There's more!?" they both said in shock.

"Yes. And I think a demonstration should show it best. Hey, Rias. Don't you have some mind-reading magic that can tell what I'm thinking? You guys should have that right?"

Rias frowned. "Hmm… we do, but I don't like casting it though."

"No worries. Just tell me what I'm going to say based on what I'm thinking."

She nodded and started doing so, extending her hand towards me. I could feel the demonic energies coming forth from her but unlike earlier, it wasn't expressing itself as destructive energies. Rather, it felt like an insidious hidden presence trying to seduce my thoughts open. It was clumsy and overt, and no magic user worth their salt would not realize and rebuff what it was doing, but it was likely because Rias didn't use the spell that often. I allowed it to enter my mind for the sake of the lesson.

Apples.

"Um… let's see." Rias muttered as her face scrunched up in concentration. "Did you just say 'Apples' in your mind?"

Correct. Now do it again.

"Aha! So I did it right! I think I'm getting a hang of this."

I'm going to be saying apples again.

"Apples again—" / "Oranges." / "—Eh!?"

Apples, oranges: distinct fruits, each unto itself. One, crisp and tart; the other, sweet and tangy. Both fruits, yet separate in essence. As perception molds truth so do these fruits defy comparison.

"Anyway, I'm sure that you must be aware of what is happening or at least have an idea on where this is going. In short, thought partitioning is also a great way to resist mind-reading magic, or any mind-affecting magic really. Most are designed with one mind to affect, not two, twenty, or hundreds. This is essential as many supernatural settings where hypnotism is prevalent to keep up the secrecy."

Yet for a man blind to all senses, they are the same thing. For reality bends to perception's sway. What one perceives, becomes. Truth is but a subjective canvas painted by individual eyes.

"Most minds can only follow one track of thought and it is very hard to imagine many others accompanying it; with it being more and more unclear as more minds increase. Your thoughts will always be your own. Free of any influence, of any observation, from those who desire to grasp them."

Objectivity, you see, lies far beyond your station. For you are nothing but a perceiver who reacts to what is shown to them.

"You will form an incongruence of thoughts to those that see it, and one that they may cause them to be caught in surprise from which you can use to your advantage. You will be an unreliable narrator, even in your own mind."

You are at the mercy of what you perceive and what I show you.

"...And that gives you more freedom than you'd think."

With that statement said, I cut off the connection to my mind brought by Rias' mind-reading spell.

Yuki blinked at my statement, trying to parse what I was saying and its implications. Rias meanwhile tilted her head in confusion. "What was that supposed to mean?"

I shrugged. "Well it means that it's good for privacy and you don't get mind controlled, essentially."

"How do I do it, then? How can I learn it?" Yuki asked.

"Well…" I rubbed my chin. "First, we try to learn it along with some magic circuit exercises. That'll give you a bit of foundation, I suppose."

"Oh, I can help with that!" Rias said with a bright smile. "Let's see if you got what it takes to use magic, Yuki-san!"

The heroine's answer was only a silent, but determined nod.

The heroine started to practice the drills I made for her when I drafted the lesson plan. That, and with Rias' assistance due to her own experience of being taught by good tutors, meant that things went along swimmingly.

I got her started on using the spell to develop a parallel thought process. Mind exercises, meditation, all the prerequisites to develop the mind - I made her do all of it. Yuki had difficulty at first like most beginners but had a hang of it after a while. The benefits of being a drama character with great mental acuity, I supposed.

The heroine would develop the spell in due time due to her natural talent. However, for the magic development part, that was when the heroine started hitting roadblocks.

"I don't understand. What am I doing wrong?" With furrowed brows, Yuki said so not quite in frustration, but there was definitely some irritation present there. "Nothing just seems to come out."

We were trying to get her to open her magic circuits. The way of doing so involved meditation and coaxing the energy out as she sat cross-legged in the middle of the room. However, the heroine was having a hard time identifying how to do so.

"It's fine, just keep trying to be aware of it. You are trying to consciously control an organ system that has been operating unconsciously your entire life. It won't come overnight." I answered as I sat down on the only intact sofa in the room, while writing in a notebook. "Plus, I could feel the magic reacting inside you already. You're making good progress."

Yuki looked at me. "What exactly have you been writing? Notes?"

"Yes. I've been documenting you. For study." I answered.

She paused. "Wait… but you've been doing that to me this morning? Before the lessons even?" she asked, probably remembering me doing the same thing during the church fiasco.

"And before that, too. I've been doing this ever since I met you in the park." she looked shocked. "Do you even know how rare, someone like you who could ignore genre boundaries, are? As far as I know I'm the only guy in existence who can do that then you just went ahead and did it out of nowhere. Of course I'm going to take note of it."

"...What were you going to do if I didn't try to help you? What if I just wanted to get mindwiped earlier?" she asked, a slight dreadful tone appearing in her voice.

"Probably kidnap— er, check you occasionally or something." I put the notebook away. "Anyway, you said you were having difficulties right? Let's see if we can deal with that."

"Don't change the subject! You just said something outrageous just now didn't you!?"

Rias, who was following the exchange in slight confusion while seated beside me, tilted her head.

"What are you guys talking about? Is this a story thing?" she asked curiously. "She's like you, Basa-kun? Like, she can see all those different 'genres' like you keep saying?"

"Yes. And I want to know why."

She thought about that, scrunching her face. "...Sounds complicated." Rias then shook her head and looked at Yuki. "Anyway, it's okay for you to feel that way, Yuki-san! Developing magic requires patience! There's no way to immediately get strong, because if there was a way then everyone would be really strong by now!"

Yuki, who looked like she wanted to continue grilling me with questions, eventually sighed. "...Is that really the case?"

Rias crossed her arms, nodding her head wisely. "The path to power is a long one. But with hardwork and determination, then one would surely become more powerful!"

"Nah, there's definitely immediate power-ups you can use." I said.

Rias immediately turned to me in shock ."Eh!? There is!?"

"Sure. I was thinking of giving her something to fall back on anyway, since she's so vulnerable right now." I glanced at the heroine. "So, what do you prefer: spirit weapons or punch ghosts?"

"Um…" she looked overwhelmed at being suddenly presented with a choice. "C-Can you please explain first what they are? What exactly do you mean by those?"

"Well, those two are the immediate powers you could get right now. They're supposed to have the drawback of requiring a dangerous trial to pass, but that can be easily bypassed by using abilities outside their setting. First, you have spirit weapons," I summoned my own, which took on the form of a butterfly knife. I twirled the weapon's blade open. "Which, as they're named, are weapons that are formed from your spirit. It's a physical manifestation of your soul, essentially."

Yuki and Rias looked at my own spiritual weapon in awe and fascination. Rias' eyes were shining, although the heroine had a slightly cautious look on her face as she stared at the blade.

"That's no ordinary knife, is it?" she asked.

"Of course it isn't. It's supposed to be the physical manifestation of the soul after all. It comes with many unique abilities which reflect your soul, and as your own soul grows, it grows more powerful as well." I put the weapon away, the butterfly knife disappearing in motes of magical energy, and ignored the dejected noise from the redhead beside me. "It's a relatively straightforward choice since they're weapons, so their abilities are focused on dealing damage more than anything. The other option, on the other hand, is more… diverse, shall we say."

"You are talking about the punch ghosts, you called it?" the heroine said uncertainty.

"Yes, that one can give you ghosts that can punch people, which is also somehow a manifestation of your soul. There's some exceptions at times to what they look like though; but the far more important part about them is that they can get weird abilities. Like, really weird. It could range from bubblegum powers to affecting time itself." I explained, making Yuki blink in shock. "Like I said, it's really weird. It's a gamble though, where if you manage to win you can do entirely ridiculous things."

The heroine thought about it for a second, and then opened her mouth. "...Can I not do both options?" she asked.

"Both require manifesting the soul so it would have to take the form of one or the other. It's one of the mutually exclusive abilities in different settings." I shrugged. "You're gonna have to choose one."

The heroine thought about it for a long moment. Then, she eventually decided on an answer.

"I choose the spirit weapons." she settled.

"You sure?" I asked out of courtesy.

"Yes." she nodded. "I'd rather not gamble on what these… punch ghosts could do."

"If you say so." I stood up from the sofa and approached the heroine. Then, activating my subspace and making a magical circle which appeared in thin air, I extended my hand inside and brought something out. "Here." I said, giving it to her.

The heroine took the item and stared at it. It was a plain-looking knife; barebones, without even a single trait that makes it unique.

"This is?" she asked.

"It'll transform into the spirit weapon. Just hold onto it." I answered. "Now, before we start, look at my hand for a moment."

She did so, slightly confused, gazing at the hand that I brought up. Then, I snapped my fingers and activated a spell.

Her face slackened as she got hypnotized.

"Tell me why you want to have a weapon and fight." I commanded. "Tell me your goal, your desire, your reason for taking up a weapon."

The heroine didn't take a single moment to answer.

"I want a weapon so that I won't feel afraid. I want to fight because I believe it is better than doing nothing." she said in complete monotone. "I want to help Basa-kun on his task of helping others because I believe it is a duty, the right thing to do, and also out of fear that my loved ones would be affected around me. However, I am afraid of the enemies I might encounter as I am powerless to fight it. I desire and need power so that I may not feel afraid, and having a spirit weapon is a logical way of doing so."

The heroine then blinked, suddenly breaking out of her hypnotism, before giving me a disapproving frown. "Please don't do that without warning." she rebuked.

I shrugged. "Your mind would be unconsciously guarded if I told you. It's more convenient if I didn't. Less invasive that way." I explained. "But anyhow, the weapon is supposed to be earned by finding your true purpose for fighting but you don't really need to search for it when you can just say your true feelings by hypnotism. Which means…" I gestured on her hands. "You have your spirit weapon now."

Yuki's eyes widened and she looked down. "This is…"

On her hands were two katanas. Two pommels of white sticking out of a black scabbard with embossed designs of snow-white flowers. It looked expertly crafted, bearing beauty that can only be made by legendary blacksmiths. It looked like a masterpiece.

It also looked incredibly cringe.

"Eesh, of course it's a katana." I said, wincing. "Oh well, at least we know it's strong."

My statement made Yuki get over her shock. "H-Huh? What do you mean?"

"Anime, manga, and light novels are made in Japan, so of course it would be biased on its own culture. I've seen so many protagonists with katanas that I can't even count them all." I answered. "That sword must have a special ability at the very least. On a meta level, it might be able to overpower non-japanese like me even."

Because between an excalibur-like sword and a katana within the same setting, which one would win? Why the katana, of course. Excalibur-like swords are plentiful in a magical setting while a katana is mostly wielded by an important character. That makes them more special by default.

The heroine looked at me with wide eyes. "...You're not japanese?"

I give her a bewildered look at the question. "...My name is literally Basa and my natural skin is tanned." I enunciated slowly. "Does that sound japanese to you?"

"N-No, I just thought—" she coughed and looked to the side. "N-Nevermind."

She definitely thought it was because I was a gyaru-oh or something.

"Just go practice with your swords." I sighed out. "You should feel like it's an extension of yourself when you're wielding it. And try to find out its abilities too."

The heroine nodded her head and did so. She stood up and did a few practice swings, marveling at the weapons she now wielded on her hands.

I watched her for a few moments before I felt a finger poke me on my back. I turned around - and there I saw the visage of Rias staring at me with upturned eyes.

"N-Ne, Basa-kun… can I have those spirit weapons too?" she gave me a smile. "Please?"

I gave a flat stare.

"No."

And so, I continued to oversee the heroine's practice, giving her some pointers regarding her swordsmanship. She was progressing splendidly, and it wouldn't take a long time before she had a hang of her new weapons.

The sounds of begging and protests from the redhead demon went entirely ignored until we finished the heroine's lessons.

After the first session of teaching Yuki magic, the girl had left the apartment physically and mentally spent after doing all those drills and practices. The sun was setting when she decided to finally return home and say her farewells, leaving both Basa and Rias behind.

"Hmph!"

Rias pouted and looked away, her arms crossed, conveying just how upset she was. The sound she uttered made the person before her sigh in exasperation.

"I told you, I'm sorry alright?" Basa-kun said beside her, scratching the back of his blonde head. "See, I'm even buying you some ice cream just to show you how sorry I am. Forgive me?"

And now, Basa-kun was walking with Rias outside, taking her to a nearby convenience store after he noticed the fact that she wouldn't talk to him, giving him his own taste of medicine when she tried to beg for him to give her the cool things he showed earlier.

Stupid Basa-kun! Does he really think that she can forgive him just with sweets!? What she wanted was a spirit weapon! No amount of ice cream he buys for her will compare to that!

"They even have the good stuff. This certain brand of convenience store comes from a setting where it caters to magical customers. This place is really unique, you know. You should see what they have."

Wait, convenience store for magical customers!? What the heck is that!? How come she'd never heard off—

N-No, no. She's falling right on his trap. He's trying to trick her!

"Right now they have some premium magic-enhanced ice cream. Each one costs a fortune each, similar to… say, a small Phoenix Elixir in price relative to your setting. Apparently they're—"

"I want two."

He blinked. "Uh, what?"

She glanced at him, before huffing and looking away again. "One for your sin for hurting my pure maiden heart, and another for being a heartless scoundrel who wouldn't answer my earnest pleas."

"...Pure maiden heart? Earnest pleas? What are you even…" she glared at him and he raised his hands in surrender. "Alright, alright. As the demon herself commands."

Basa-kun entered the convenience store alone as she remained outside, crossing her arms. She thought about getting inside to take a look, but appearances were important right now! And also she's totally going to visit this place later.

It didn't take long for Basa-kun to return with his offerings to her. Mint chocolate and pistachio flavors. Her favorites!

"Mm~!" Rias moaned in delight as she tasted the ice cream he bought. "What the heck is this? This is really good!"

"Take your time eating it. They won't melt apparently, since they're enchanted not too." he said, eating his own. "I can't believe you like those flavors though. Mint Chocolate? Seriously?"

"Hmph! You wouldn't understand my refined demon tastes."

The two of them enjoyed the sweets. When they finished it, the sun had already disappeared on the horizon and the sky had turned dark. Basa accompanied Rias as she walked back to her club mansion, reminding her of older times.

"...Hey, Basa-kun." she started after a bout of comfortable silence. "Can you really not help me with, you know… being a 'heroine'?" she interrupted him when he opened his mouth. "And don't try to evade the question like what you did earlier. Can you give me a real explanation?"

Her long-time friend stared at her for a few moments, clearly putting some thought on how to answer her question, before looking away. "I'm sorry but…" he shook his head. "I can't."

"Why? You said you can interfere with plotlines and stuff, right? Why can't you interfere with mine?" she asked patiently.

He sighed. It was the sigh of a person who had long dealt with things he didn't want to. "I can interfere, but doing so might mean that I'd also interfere with a plotline and potentially make things worse. There are lives at stake, Rias." he answered. "You know how shounen works; you watch anime, and read manga and light novels too. They usually end well with everyone involved, don't they? Interfering with that means putting that into jeopardy."

He stopped walking, making her do the same.

"I know that it's unfair to you. And as much as I'd like to help… I really can't." Basa-kun glanced slightly to the side, guilt visible in his posture despite his usual poker face. "I'm sorry."

Rias looked at Basa-kun for a second, before shaking her head and giving him an exasperated smile.

"Why are you saying sorry for that? Stupid Basa-kun. I won't blame you for that, you know?"

That made him blink and look at her. Seriously, why are you acting so surprised?

"I know that you have your reasons for doing that and I won't hate you for it. I just asked because I wanted to know the reason why." she crossed her arms and nodded her head with a smile. "And so far, you didn't disappoint! I was suspecting it, but it's nice to get some confirmation!"

His brows furrowed. "...You're not upset?"

"I'll never be upset from that." she answered. "I know that Basa-kun is a good person after all, and you wouldn't do something without a good reason. Especially when it's as important as deciding the course of people's lives."

"But…" she added. "That doesn't mean I'll stand by and do nothing like some heroine needing saving, you know?"

Basa-kun stared at her as she puffed her chest out proudly. Her gaze met his, shining with determination.

"I don't care what the story tries to make me become, I'll reject it and substitute it with my own!" she declared with a grin. "I'm the master of my fate; the president of my soul! If my path is set, then I'll forge a new one myself!"

Basa-kun stared at her wordlessly with slightly wide eyes, as if he didn't expect her to say that.

Then… he let out a chuckle. One with no trace of mockery in it whatsoever. Basa-kun just seemed happy for what she said.

"Really, you shounen types. You guys just never cease to surprise people, huh?" he shook his head. "Also the quote is 'the captain of my soul'. Why did you have to butcher it? You almost said something cool."

"I-I know that!" she pouted. "Also it's much cooler because presidents are much cooler than captains! Plus I'm going to be the president of hell, remember?"

"I know, I know. It's practically set in stone." For a moment, there was comfortable silence. Then he looked up, gazing at the streetlights that were starting to light up the dark streets. "By the way, it's getting late… Are you going to teleport now? It's still far away from your little club. Or do you want me to do it?"

She shook her head. "No, I'd rather take the longer route and walk."

"Are you sure?" he looked uncertain. "It's quite late."

"Hehe~ " Rias gave him a teasing smile. "Are you worried~?"

"I was just being polite." Basa-kun sighed out. "Anyway, if you don't need anything I'll just go home now." with that statement said, he turned around and walked away.

She stuck her tongue out. "Tsundere! Just say you were worried!" she shouted out. There was no reply. "Bye bye, Basa-kun!" she shouted again.

Her farewell was returned with a wave.

Rias watched as her long-time and precious friend eventually left with a smile on her face, his broad back disappearing in view as he turned from a street back to his apartment.

It was only then when she was sure of him not being around that her smile disappeared, exchanging itself for a frown.

"...He doesn't believe me." she said, letting out a despondent sigh.

It didn't take her much to realize that. Even if he tried to hide the signs, she had known him long enough to recognize his tells. He probably just went along with her little declaration earlier, unable to have the heart to tell her otherwise.

He was the one who knew about her situation and how hopeless it is. He wouldn't have apologized otherwise and would've helped her instead. She knew about his sneaky ways too—the reason why he was being so heartless earlier was for her to get angry and distance herself from him, and so that it would be easier for her. Easier to find love for another person.

A person like Ryuusei-kun, who was apparently the protagonist of the story she belongs to.

Does that mean it's over for her then? Should she just accept her fate?

"...No." she shook her head. "Even if he doesn't believe me, I'll still do it."

She'll stand by with what she said. Fate, destiny, or a story narrative—none of that is going to stop her from doing what she wants and achieving her dreams. She won't be reduced to just a mere heroine in some harem anime setting!

Rias felt the fires of passion within her light up, filling her with determination. She resumed walking, her steps certain and resolute; and by chance encountering a beautiful blue-haired office lady going towards the direction of Basa-kun's apartment.

"Good evening!" she greeted firmly, face serious, as she passed by.

"U-Uhm, good evening…?" said the blue-haired woman with a befuddled blink. Rias wasn't able to hear it because she had already walked past her.

Rias clenched her fists. Yosh! She was feeling pumped up!

"Just watch me, Basa-kun." she whispered. "It doesn't matter even if you think it's not possible. I'll change whatever plot is coming to me and make it better!"

"Because… I'm going to be the protagonist of my own story!"

I looked up, suddenly feeling disturbed.

"Damn, even the ceiling." I grumbled as I tried to check how much I needed to fix from Rias' earlier mess. "And she chewed through all the wards too. She really went ahead and threw all her might from that attack, huh?"

Well, I guess I was a bit too mean and blunt to her earlier, but still.

...Hold on. I paused and considered what just happened.

I just suddenly looked up like I felt something happening from some sixth sense. The senseTM​ itself didn't activate though, but it certainly looked like it did... And that's just what really matters in the end, isn't it?

Sighing, I scratched the back of my head.

"I guess I need to prepare for something happening again…"
Last edited: Jun 10, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, Sir_dood134 and 2,258 others
Skrubchap
Jan 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 8
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jan 8, 2024
Add bookmark
#788
New chapter! A few day timeskip, and a glimpse of the other settings in the world. Hope you guys enjoy it!

Chapter 8

It was noon in the city. Things were going according to schedule.

The view of the target was clear, as he chose a good spot for his mission to be carried out beforehand - the residential building remained in full view despite being a few kilometers away from it, while from their standpoint, he was covered and protected by other buildings for cover. Plenty of escape routes too in case things go wrong; he didn't think he'd need them, but it never hurts to be too careful.

His coat fluttered against the winds as he stood on top of the building as he held the highly advanced binoculars up to his eyes. He tracked his target, who wore a jacket with its hood up to cover his face, entering the residential building. To an outsider the man looked nothing special whatsoever, getting easily lost in a crowd, maybe even giving off the impression of a pathetic unemployed shut-in. Yet he knew that the person had intentionally crafted the cover for himself.

This was the person who was responsible for the murders downtown. The victims were killed in what looked like a ritualistic manner, leading local news outlets to pick up some interest in it, especially with people still rapt in the recent news of people returning from a mass kidnapping incident. Conspiracy theorists assert ridiculous statements that it was creatures of horror or demons. The police, however, had thought it had been the work of a serial killer. But in truth… it was far, far worse.

He had investigated the crime scene himself. The right amount of paperwork from his field of work and a few applications of the newly developed memory altering devices let him grant access. And once there, he had undoubtedly confirmed the suspicions that he had held - it was no ritualistic murder, but rather, the victims' lives were used as fuel. A fuel for attaining power.

For the person who had been responsible for the incident… was nothing else but a "warlock". A person who wields a great weapon in his hands, capable of hurting great many people. A person who will eventually have descendants in the future which will obtain a great amount of power. A person who was chosen as a contestant for some strange death game that will alter the course of their future.

Spoiler: Edgy boi

A person like him.

"My lord." a soft but firm voice called him from behind, making him put down the binoculars and turn around.

Flowing white hair like snow, and a form that can only be described as beautiful. She was dressed in strange garbs, her robes embedded with an aesthetic that resembled futuristic design which held no functionality, yet he wasn't fooled by it as it disguised a large amount of circuitry embedded underneath its covers. On her hip was a device resembling a gun but functioned as more - a "wand", a tool of great destruction used by warriors of the future.


Spoiler

She was what was called a witch. A being of great destruction in the future, called in the present to participate in a secret war of their future descendants for some wish-granting device which would alter the future she belonged to. It was all very complicated, but it remains that she must follow his orders, as her warlock.

"What is it?" he asked.

"The preparations are finished, as you had ordered." she answered, neutral face bearing no emotion, yet he could still feel a hint of disapproval through their cerebral bond.

"Is that so?" he turned back to the building. "Very well."

There was a slight silence as he waited for his target to reach the position.

"...Should it really come to this?" the witch spoke up once more after a while. "Surely, there must be some other alternative we can do?"

"You should know by now finding solutions where everyone lives is naive." he muttered, tone cold. "Every action we hesitate to do will lead to more deaths. The target is an expert at escaping authorities of countless nations, and now he has the power of a witch with him. This is the best time, his most vulnerable time, that we can utilize to end him. Enough to ensure that he won't be using the Sangraal for whatever wish his future descendants want."

"But does that warrant killing all these people!?" she shouted, composure finally broken. "Ensuring the enemy is defeated, I understand, but if it means that all these bystanders are killed—!"

"Astra." he called her name sharply. "You are a soldier. Act like it, and follow your orders."

His interruption made her close her mouth. His steady gaze clashed against her own mutinous glare… which eventually ended with the witch gritting her teeth and looked away sharply. No further protestations came forth from her. The turbulent anger, disappointment, and betrayal he keenly felt through their bond however showed her own feelings on the matter.

He didn't care what she felt, only that she gave him results.

He returned to using the binoculars once more, and he watched as the target reached his own room in the residential building as the door opened. He watched the almost imperceptible relaxing of his shoulders from a human's unconscious reflex of letting their guard down in a perceived safe place. He watched as the person walked up to the window of his room and looked into the city below.

And he watched, as he clicked the detonator on his hand, as the man died from the fiery explosion.

The primed bombs which were installed throughout the various weak points in the buildings where he wouldn't think of looking all exploded at once, causing a loud booming noise that could be heard even from where they are, kilometers away from the place.

And to add further fuel to the fire the entire place collapsed, burying the man and others who unfortunately got caught up into them, and turning what was once a residential building into a graveyard of concrete and tempered steel.

He confirmed his kill. There were no signs of his own witch coming out anywhere - and if there was a time that it should've revealed itself, it would be now. A few more moments of nothing appearing had led him assured that the witch had gone back to its own timeline after the warlock was killed.

He brought down the binoculars.

"We're done here." he muttered, turning around and walking away as he did so.

"...As you command." the witch answered quietly, the hollowness in her voice reaching his ears.

He tried to ignore it. They had done the world some good. The death of a few hundred civilians wouldn't compare to the countless lives of those from the future. The monster responsible for killing many had disappeared, along with his own monstrous descendants that would bring misery to many others in the future.

And it didn't matter if he became a monster on his own to do it.

I watched as the super-duper edgy-wedgy protagonist walked away from the building roof, coat fluttering coolly against the wind, with his heroine trailing right behind him from kilometers away. Waiting for a moment I made sure that they were completely gone out of range.

"Alright, they're gone." I called out.

Surrounding me were the concrete rubble which the residential building had turned to. It was a scene of morbid destruction, but if one were to look closely, things were "miraculously" contained without hitting any nearby buildings or pedestrians. It also happened that the place was entirely quiet and lacking any screams from a disaster like this - and while that can be explained by a sobering realization that all people within the building are dead, there are also no hints of dead bodies around.

And that's because there is no one around to actually die. We arranged things for the residential building, with the help of the right paperwork and use of hypnosis, so that the residents would have to leave for some "renovations". As of now, the families and other tenants in this place were somewhere else, probably slightly annoyed at the suddenness of them being kicked out, before immediately turning grateful at their fortune of not getting caught in the destruction.

Well, all of them except for one.

"Graaagh!" there was a shout followed by a rumbling from nearby.

I glanced to the side when the rubble then exploded, revealing a person underneath. It was obviously the serial killer that the edgy protagonist was trying to kill. He was the only one not given the notice for the renovation and would've been the only one present from the bomb's explosion.

He was fated to die today - I checked with my countless divination magic. But our intervention to evacuate the other residents made the outcomes unclear. I thought we'd be fortunate enough for him to get killed but it doesn't look like that's the case.

The person standing in front of me barely resembled a person - his body parts were in tatters, showing the horrifying butchery a person would turn into if they were bombed by an explosive, but instead of actual gore he was instead leaking black ichor instead of blood and held various circuitry in his insides instead of organs. The black ichor moved like it had a mind of its own as it tried to cover his various bits in an effort to keep the person alive.

That's probably what the whole serial killing was about. He harvested those victims for body modification. I did notice some organs missing on the bodies here and there. That was probably the unique ability of his witch.

"What the hell is happening!?" the serial killer shouted in rage, voice twisted and distorted from his tattered lungs and as monstrous as his form as the black ichor started to envelop him more and more. "Witch! Tell me what—!" he looked around. "Witch, where the fuck are you! Show yourself, can't you see I'm fucking injured!"

The man kept shouting, yet no matter how much he called the witch won't arrive. My fault, actually. I blocked them. Teehee.

He growled when no witch appeared. "Useless, useless!" he glanced around. "...No matter, I can recover from this, I've recovered from worse! I only need to,,,!" he spotted me, who was just standing to the side of the rubble.

Then, he grinned malevolently at me. It didn't look good. I mean, he didn't have a face after all.

"A chance!" he started running at me. "Stay still, and let me consume you—!"

Perhaps if he were a bit more calm, he would've noticed the fact that there was something wrong with seeing a person just standing in the middle of the rubble without a scratch. He would've also noticed that I was unreacting despite his monstrous form as any normal person would've run away from terror. And perhaps, most importantly, if he were to notice all that and use his cybernetic augmentations…

He would've noticed that I wasn't alone.

"—Grk!" the serial killer flinched. He stopped in place suddenly, and he looked down.

There was a blade stabbed through his chest.

The serial killer then quickly died as the katana swerved and cut his entire torso diagonally. More black ichor spilled, but this time there was no saving him. The circuits inside his body sparked… and the serial killer died.

Yuki swung her sword to the side, flicking off the ichor from the blade, before sheathing it back to her scabbard. She looked a little bit green.

I gave her a scrutinizing look. "You alright?"

"I…" she shook her head and looked away. "No, I'm not. But I was doing the world a favor by getting rid of him." she grit her teeth. "I'll get over this."

It was her first time taking a life after all. I made sure to warn her of this particular mission and was about to do it myself, but she volunteered, saying that she ought to get used to it. A bit of a morbid reason, all things considered, but a necessary one in this line of work.

Still, who knows what's going on in that drama character mind of hers. Best she be monitored.

"Is that so?"

"Yes." she answered, taking one last look at the corpse before approaching me. "The next thing is cleaning up, then?"

I took her unsaid offer to change the subject, glancing around the destruction surrounding us. "No need, I already took care of that. All we need to do is to leave a fake body in place of this one." and boy am I skilled in making fake bodies. It's a skill I didn't think I'd learn and be good at. "Good job on your part, by the way. You're getting skilled with your sword."

She frowned. "Am I? I just caught him by surprise." she brought something out of her pocket, revealing the handkerchief with the memetic bounded field to disguise her presence. She looked at it thoughtfully. "This handkerchief just made him not notice me until it was too late."

"No, I definitely saw improvement. You target your sword unconsciously on the more vulnerable parts to make a cleaner kill. That's a sign of you getting more synchronized with your weapon." my correction surprised her. "And you did great utilizing that handkerchief with you. I gave you that as a test; you have much more tools at your disposal since you can cross settings, so it wouldn't do good depending on one power like your spirit weapon. You passed splendidly."

The heroine blinked at that. Perhaps unconsciously her usual calm facade softened briefly into a hidden smile, showing a hint of lifted spirits in response to my praise, although returning to her composed and regal expression. "I see." she muttered.

"It's yours now, by the way." I gestured to the cloth on her hand. "Let's see… as another test, try to modify the bounded field so it can be switched on and off. I should've taught you the necessary knowledge to do that already. Try to accomplish it before we arrive at school before I tell you how; I'll just deal with the body shortly."

Yuki nodded and wasted no time doing so, concentrating every bit of effort on her task. Ever the honor student I suppose, but I guess her desire to focus on other things instead of what she did earlier was also a factor.

I turned around and went to the body to start cleaning up, and things went smoothly after that. We left before the authorities with various news reporters on their tow managed to arrive, with the news certainly reporting of the miraculous incident that happened today.

Of course I'll be monitoring the investigation and make sure they do the usual "gas leaks" or "structural failure" excuse that they always seem to do.

Anyhow… mission success.

In the end, the heroine successfully was able to add a switch array to her handkerchief and we managed to arrive back at the school before lunch was finished. I managed to grab something to eat and for my efforts I was rewarded by me accidentally spilling juice on myself.

The school day proceeded as normal. I paid half-attention to the school teachers as they continued discussing topics that I already know by heart, and I went ahead and used my free time to do more productive things in the back of my head.

Like for example: did you know that there is a brain-centered martial art which lets me have eidetic memory? I can remember things from first glance, making me do stuff like reading books in my own mind. Of course, it's supposed to be some dangerous forbidden art or whatever that makes your brain explode from the sheer information, but that's fixed by my multiple minds from thought partitions.

Then there's also the fact that I can access my subspace mentally, allowing me to perform experiments and tests on the various stuff I hoarded inside. I did have my own lab and testing site in my apartment which has its own sets of tools and machinery for occasions like that, but it's a huge time saver for me.

And judging my new haul, the body of this "warlock" is certainly interesting. It's riddled with many machinery and circuitry that would make a modern engineer's mind boggle. I've seen future tech before from other settings though, so I'm recognizing some components here and there. I could probably work out their functions and how to fabricate them before the day ends if things go to schedule.

So while some of my thought processes devote themselves into doing that, the others were more focused on the surroundings and, out of boredom, I found myself looking at the heroine.

Again, just staring at her reminded me of how much she looked like the textbook heroine. Cold beauty, sitting by a window, and holding a book like a diligent student - this girl is the Yamato Nadeshiko cliché in many school settings. I've seen many girls that look like her and act like her, with only slight variations like the same product from different brands in an effort to make them unique.

And now, she was occasionally talking to people who were seated near her. A second heroine, the bubbly genki girl which contrasts with the frigid ice queen, and a boy who looked out of place - the silent, thoughtful loner that is the place of insertion for the average japanese reader.

Oddly they looked less awkward than they were before. There are some hints of it still, but visibly less than what I'd expect from drama characters like them. Maybe they made up or whatever. Clearly something was up though, especially when you consider the occasional worried glances from their friend group of supporting characters led by, most likely, the foil to the loner protagonist.


Spoiler

Perhaps the effects of the heroine's ability to cross genre boundaries are already manifesting. I'd say I was interested in finding out more privacy be damned, but I respect the choices that she makes as someone unbound by plot. It would be hypocritical for me to do so when I had done the same.

The only thing I can do is to advise her not to create any detrimental changes - something that she probably knew after our work first hand.

I paused, then considered that statement in my head. The thought that I've been deliberating ever since I met the heroine returned, and just like that time, I still didn't have a full picture of what was happening.

Me taking the mentor role was something I wasn't unaware of. Yet, no matter how much I tested for any signs, I remained as a different character in the eyes of the world; fate remained untangled, and there weren't any changes in my mind that focused on the heroine. The background character role I also decided to embody was mutually exclusive in being a mentor-like figure, and so there would be signs if that changed. Yet there was none of that, leading me to my current working hypothesis.

That I was acting like a mentor… without the tropes associated with it.

Something I've never seen before since it's impossible, really. I've found that one of the constant rules from my interactions on different plots is that if you act a certain way you'll get a role, and following that you'll also gain the tropes associated with it. Yet this one is an exception.

But then again, the heroine and I aren't bound by a single plot, are we? The lack of it meant that without the plot, tropes also disappear. Which would make sense. Still it has just been a few days or so - maybe the tropes do exist and that I just need to give it time. This is the first time I interacted with someone who has the same abilities as I do after all, so this is literally new territory for me.

The existence of tropes beyond a plot is quite meta. Who knows, though?

Maybe I'm in a story of my own.

As I pondered, time went by and eventually the final subject ended and class was finally dismissed. It was then that I noticed that there was some weird atmosphere within the class, centered on blonde protagonist foil, which meant that there was some sort of drama going on again. I knew it was going to be a headache so I went ahead and packed up my things so I could leave.

When I stepped out of the door though something that I didn't expect (which is a very big deal, at the risk of sounding egotistic), stopped me from walking down the hallway and leaving school.

"Basa-kun." the heroine called out, as she stepped out into the hallway with her friend and the protagonist in tow. The two looked slightly worried as they stood behind her. "Can we have a moment of your time?"

I stared at her in response.

"...Huh?"

As I accepted her invitation from a terrible mixture of confusion and curiosity, I was brought into their little club. Their clubroom was nothing but an unused classroom with the seat and desks arranged to the side, with exception to the ones in the middle of the room. We sat there, with the two girls together on one side, the protagonist on another, and me opposite the protagonist.

I was given tea out of courtesy as we sat down all calmly, but it was clear that the atmosphere was strange. Well, the heroine looked like she didn't care, but it was obvious that the other two weren't sure how to react to this sudden development. The genki girl had this nervous smile on her face she was putting up to be polite, while the protagonist was openly glaring at me in suspicion. There was an undercurrent of fear and tension between the two of them, as if they were expecting me to attack them or something.

"So, Yanai-san." I intoned, tired of whatever was happening. "Mind telling me why you called me here?"

"I would like to know as well." the protagonist piped up. "In the first place, I didn't think you knew Basa-san here. Did something happen?"

Oi, what are you trying to imply? I can tell that he's getting suspicious that I might have done something to the heroine. Too bad, it wasn't me that did anything. It's your damn heroine that went walking headfirst into a stray demon!

The heroine, for her part, simply sipped her tea before answering. "Nothing like whatever you're implying, Makoto-kun. I have interacted with Basa-kun a few times cordially, and I can say with complete confidence that the rumors circling him are all false." she explained.

The protagonist was unconvinced though. "I don't think so. He's clearly a delinquent like what they say he is." his glare intensified. "Is he forcing you to do this or something?"

Oi, I'm right here you know. If I was actually the cliché delinquent then I might've beaten you up for that.

For her part, the heroine seemed to have thought of her answer, sparing me the effort to make my own. "Basa-kun is not a delinquent. He actually acts decently, albeit a bit blunt at times. I don't recall him being violent or anything." Yuki retorted smoothly. "Not unless you saw him acting as one?"

"I…" the protagonist blinked at Yuki's retort. "W-Well, you've seen how he acts in class! He sometimes dozes off in the middle of a lecture!"

"And yet he still passes the tests and requirements even if he doesn't listen or take notes during lecture. I'm pretty sure he actually studies ahead. In fact, I suspect he can reach my level of intellect because our scores are quite near each other."

No, I'm actually smarter than you. Why did you phrase it that way?

The fast response made the protagonist further off-balance. "W-What? N-No, you can't be serious - he colored his hair blonde and tanned his skin! He's a delinquent no matter how you look at it!"

"I thought so too but that's actually his natural appearance, just like how Haya-kun is also a natural blonde." Yuki paused. "Still, I didn't think that you'd resort to judging by how someone looks, Makoto-kun. I thought you of all people wouldn't treat others that way."

You're guilty of the same thing though.

I gave the girl a flat look, and I can't help but notice the way she deliberately didn't meet my eyes to keep her gaze on her two clubmates.

The protagonist, for his part, seemed unable to muster any response to what Yuki had said and his protest stopped. He was still glaring at me though. The genki girl seemed to notice that and she waved her arms in a placating gesture with a nervous smile.

"W-Well, let's calm down, Makoto-kun. I'm sure Yuki is planning something since she wouldn't do this without reason." she gave her friend a hopeful look. "Isn't that right?"

"Yes. I should probably explain why I brought Basa-kun here." the heroine put down her tea cup with a resounding 'clink!', and looked at her clubmates with a serious gaze. "The reason why I invited him here - is for him to act as an impartial judge between the three of us."

"...What?" me, the protagonist, and the genki girl all said so simultaneously.

"We have been talking about this the past few days, aren't we? I asked for us to forget about what happened at the school festival for a while since we're not fulfilling our requests properly, with us acting awkwardly to each other." Yuki said to her clubmates. "We cannot do that indefinitely, so I want us to set things straight today. I want to get rid of the drama between us."

Her statement made the protagonist look to the side. Her genki girl friend meanwhile looked at her with wide eyes, as if in shock at what she had decided on doing.

"Yuki…" she muttered.

"And don't worry, Basa-kun here would keep in confidence of what we'll tell him today." the heroine added, before turning to me. "Isn't that right?"

…Ah, I see now. So that's her aim, huh?

I suppose now that she's aware of how much the drama is causing trouble in her life, it's only natural for her to get rid of it and take the direct approach. Which would explain the reason why she brought me here - as the expert on the subject, she wanted me to help her and give her advice. My presence would also help not letting things devolve into drama during this straightforward approach which she probably doesn't have any confidence to enforce herself. Very logical, I like it.

I gave her an almost imperceptible nod of approval, which only the heroine caught and was relieved by judging on the slight relaxation of her shoulders, and then shrugged to continue my act of being a stranger to them.

"Yeah, I will." I nodded casually, then changed my body language to appear more friendly and displayed a more welcoming aura. The heroine blinked as she must have slightly noticed what I'd done. "So what exactly am I judging?"

For a moment she looked curious, but Yuki stopped herself in favor of looking at her fellow club members for permission. They looked unsure still, since the prospect of an unrelated person knowing their problems was something many people are not comfortable with, but their desire to finally stop whatever was happening in their club as well as the subtle effects I applied on myself made them nod.

With that, Yuki started to explain the situation. All three of them are awkward and embarrassed as she did so, but the heroine forged on despite it. My guess when I met the heroine for the first time was spot on, with her and the genki girl confessing to the protagonist during the school festival and things turning for the worse for the club's general atmosphere.

Still, it got to the point that things became too embarrassing for them.

"Yuki! I don't think Basa-kun needs to know about all that!" the genki girl shouted, completely red-faced. Opposite from my position on the table, the protagonist also stopped glaring at me and opted instead to palming his face in order to hide his own blushing cheeks.

The heroine clicked her mouth shut from her friend's shout. "A-Ah, yes. I suppose so." she stuttered out, embarrassment coloring her face as well. I guess spelling out all the awkward moments, something that a normal person would try to forget with all their might, would be too much to bear.

This was the step in the right direction though. Embarrassment is one of the major reasons why a drama character would result in doing complex and intricate actions. Clear communication, the bane of any drama, requires one to face up against the embarrassment and continue despite it.

"I think I understand enough." I spoke up. "So essentially, as an outsider, you want my view on what to do so you could fix your situation. Is that correct?"

Yuki nodded at that solemnly, although she looked like she was already expecting what I was about to say. Similarly, the genki girl bit her lip and looked down, unsure, and the protagonist tensed in his seat. I eyed all of them consideringly.

"...Well, judging by your reactions, it looks like you guys already know the answer." I gave the protagonist a level glance. "You have to pick between the two of them, casanova."

The protagonist grit his teeth. "Of course you can say that easily." he spat.

I shrugged. "Well, yeah. You guys brought me here for that purpose. Still, easy or hard, the answer remains the same; the more time you refrain from making a choice, the more this strange atmosphere will remain." I glanced to the side. "Although, I'm convinced that it's not entirely your fault that everything is like this. I'm pretty sure that the whole 'confessing at the same time' thing isn't coincidental at all."

The heroine stiffened slightly at that. Ah, so you're the culprit. I'm guessing that the genki girl here was planning to confess and you knew about that, and you were pressured to do the same thing since there's a chance for missing out on the protagonist here.

…Then again, if that was the case, genki girl should've known about her friend's attraction as well. So why would she tell—? You know what, I'm not going to delve deeper. This is just going to give me a headache.

"Anyway, I'm sure that you've been thinking deeply about the topic. You know, searching yourself, thinking about who you really like. Et cetera, et cetera." I paused. "Unless you think you can somehow manage a harem. Can you? I'll be surprised if you're thinking you can."

"Wha—!" he stuttered for a moment, then glared at me. "This isn't the time for jokes!"

I held back my desire to roll my eyes. "Just pick. Everyone here is expecting you too. And while their feelings might be hurt, it's still less worse than letting this drama unfold much more since it risks damaging their own friendships to each other. Isn't that right, ladies?"

The two girls looked at each other at that, before looking away. I could see hints of agreement in their faces though. As expected, these two treated each other as best friends, which contribute to the whole drama.

"So there you have it." I continued as the protagonist's eyes widened as he realized that yes, they were waiting for him to make a choice. "Go ahead and make your decision already."

He glared at me in anger for putting him in such a position but I met his eyes with a level gaze. Perhaps knowing the truth of my words he eventually backed off, looking down with gritted teeth. For a few moments there was silence… then, he forced himself to speak.

"I…" he croaked out, voice barely audible. "I choose Kaede."

The genki girl's eyes widened in surprise at his answer. In contrast, the heroine beside her just let out a smile, one that betrayed her slight disappointment. For a long time, there was a thoughtful silence as nobody spoke up.

"...Congratulations to you two, then." Yuki said softly after a while.

"Yuki…" the genki girl muttered, tone worried.

"Forgive me, Yuki-san." the protagonist whispered.

Yuki shook her head at that. "No, I was prepared for this possibility. I'm glad that this was all over, and that things will go back to normal after this." her smile turned into a more genuine one. "We'll return to being the club that I treasure so much."

Her other two clubmates, hearing what she had said, mirrored her smile. A pretty heartwarming moment all things considered.

Still, I mentally hummed as I considered the heroine. Yuki was hurt, that much was obvious, but I could see that there was a hint of… relief, within her. Like she was glad she wasn't chosen. I'm not too sure of the reason why that's the case, perhaps it was the fact that she was pressured to confess even when she wasn't sure of her own feelings, or maybe some other factor. But I suppose it's good that she wouldn't regret what happened here, even if it was only some part of her that did.

Yuki then turned to me after that. "...Thank you for your assistance, Basa-kun." she said, sincerely grateful.

I shrugged. "No need for thanks. I just pointed out the obvious."

She smiled at my attempt of being humble, aware of how much I helped her beyond that. "Still, without your presence perhaps things wouldn't proceed as smoothly." she refuted. "This entire club is thanking you for that."

"Yeah, Basa-kun! I suppose you're a cool guy after all!" the genki girl added as she looked at me in a new light.

Opposite me from the table the protagonist still looked a little bit angry at my actions, although he did give me a slight grudging nod of respect before looking away. The hell is with this guy? Why are you still angry? I helped fix the goddamn club from your indecision, damn it. You should be kowtowing to me in gratitude.

The heroine abruptly stood up. "Now that we have come to a decision, I'm hoping that we can go back to the usual tomorrow, okay? No more drama between us." she was answered with agreeing nods. "I also propose dismissing the club early today, just to clear our minds."

The genki girl nodded her head at that. "Un! It was a bit heavy… and I'd like to have some alone time too." she then gave Yuki a worried look. "Although are you sure you're okay, Yuki?"

"I'll heal, Kaede. It's fine" Yuki replied with a smile. "I'll leave now, if that's okay."

"O-Oh, sure! See you tomorrow!"

She gave them a final smile, then took her bag and went for the door. There was a slight silence in the clubroom as we watched her leave. Then, after a few moments of waiting, I stood up from my own seat.

"Welp, time for me to leave too." I said. "Thanks for the tea."

"A-Ah, yes. Goodbye, Basa-kun!" the genki girl said in farewell. "Thank you again for your help!"

"No problem, no problem." I waved a hand dismissively, and went on to leave as well. I opened the door and stepped out into the hallway. "You two lovebirds don't do anything irresponsible now, you hear me?"

I closed the door shut when I heard them squawk in embarrassment.

A polite one, that genki girl. Maybe she isn't that bad.

As I stood there in the hallway, I pondered on the next thing I should do. I planned on going back to my apartment and doing the usual stuff, but something stopped me from doing that. I noticed the familiar feeling of a bounded field activated, magical energy sizzling in the ambient air and pressing down my perception.

I walked down the hallway and, reaching a turn, I turned to the side.

There stood a crying Yuki, clutching the handkerchief in her hands, memetic bounded field activated to prevent people from seeing her wracked in tears.

Our eyes met, then I found myself steadying my balance as she threw herself at me. Her arms wrapped around me tight, sobs intensifying as she released her hurt feelings, and seeking solace on my form as she buried her face on my chest turning it wet from tears.

I returned her embrace. Her arms held me tighter in response.

Sighing, I considered the current situation.

I worried earlier about what would happen to me now that I became a mentor-like figure to this girl, but it looks like I'll also worry for a new one as well. I'm not unaware of the implications of this reaction, of her being comfortable enough around me to seek comfort in this way.

Because if I'm correct… then I just became a love interest for this heroine.

After recovering her composure, I decided to stick around her a little longer. Yuki requested that she didn't want to have a lesson today which was a sentiment I agreed with - and now we were walking back to our respective homes together.

"I-I'm sorry for losing my composure." the girl stammered, still red-faced from what she had done. "I didn't know why I—"

"It's fine, you don't really have to explain it." I sighed out.

She had, after all, taken a life for the very first time and got rejected by the protagonist on the very same day. I would've been concerned for this girl's mind if she somehow showed no reaction to all of that.

Yuki closed her mouth at that and turned her gaze to the side, cheeks still blushing, before nodding. Things went back to being peaceful after that.

I will ignore the obvious fact that her current embarrassment/shyness wasn't from her showing her vulnerable side but rather from the very intimate position we had earlier, and also how she was glancing at me from time to time as if conscious of my body after embracing me. No sir, I do not see it.

That's future Basa's mess to deal with.

We separated not too long after, and then I went back to my apartment.

Once I reached the floor of my room I saw a person standing right in front of the door. For a second I thought that it was Aoki-san trying to knock on my door, but then I noticed the distinct lack of mommy milkers on the person standing there.

Also, the person standing there was a demon.


Spoiler

She wore a familiar uniform, the same one that Rias wore. The girl turned to me when she noticed my presence.

"You are Basa-kun, correct? A friend of Satanichia and a past student of our school?" the glasses-wearing demon girl asked.

I stared at her blankly. "Yes? Is there something you need?"

It was then that I realized that the demon girl, underneath an expertly crafted mask, had this tired look on her eyes as if she was a hair away from losing her mind. She looked at me as if I was her only hope within a crumbling world of despair.

It was also then that I realized that whatever this is, it must surely damn involve Rias and her shenanigans.

"...Can you please come to our school?"

My mouth answered automatically in response.

"No."
Last edited: Jun 10, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, Sir_dood134 and 2,220 others
Skrubchap
Jan 8, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 9
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jan 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#949
Meant to post this earlier but I had a bit of a delay. Not sure it's up to my standards either. Anyway, we're gonna focus on Rias' changes now - hope you enjoy the chapter!

Chapter 9

I stared blankly at the demon glasses girl, who sipped a cup of tea and let out a relaxed sigh, while she sat on the sofa opposite me. We were right inside the apartment after our little talk earlier, and now we've come to this almost peaceful-looking situation.

"Thank you for the tea." she said, putting the cup down before gazing around the living room. "I must say, you have quite a humble-looking apartment."

"You're welcome." I replied as I sipped my own cup. Instant coffee, because I'm an epicurean of high tastes. "I don't remember inviting you in though." I added.

"Although, I believe Satanichia said that you are a human magus correct?" she asked, tilting her head questioningly as she continued to gaze around the place. "Thank you for letting me in here - but this was not quite what I expected for someone like you to live in? I've heard that magi prefer to have large mansions instead. Not that I am implying anything wrong in your apartment."

I shook my head at that.

"I don't want an unnecessarily large amount of rooms." I answered simply. Mansions are bought as a display of wealth and power. If I need more rooms I can make one with spatial magic. "Also, I still don't remember inviting you in though." I added again.

"I see. So you are the practical sort of magi. The best sort, or dare I say, the most dangerous one." she sipped her tea once more. "You must be quite talented for your age. And if Rias' claims were to be believed, then you truly are an outstanding magi."

"Thank you." I mirrored her and took a sip as well. "By the way, did I mention that I don't remember inviting you in?"

"Which is why." she said firmly, ignoring my words with the shamelessness of a practiced politician. "I believe that we would be honored to have a person like you coming to our school. Don't you think so too, Basa-kun?"

I stared at her blankly.

"No, I really don't."

There was a moment of pause, and the demon glasses girl let out a slight sigh.

Then she did the cliché move of adjusting her glasses and making it flash. It would've been intimidating if I didn't see it more than a thousand times.

"...I'll be honest, Basa-kun." she started in a serious tone. "For the longest time I really thought that you were someone that Satanichia made up just so she could boast something to me, and now that you're right here in front of me I'm finding myself caught in a bit of a dilemma."

I raise a brow. "Okay?"

"Still, while you are as rebellious and defiant to authoritarian figures as Satanichia had said, I believe that as her current boyfriend you should at least care for her well-being." Hey, she just said something totally outrageous just now. Just what the hell has that redhead been saying about me? "You might not be aware, but Rias was caught up in something strange. Which is why I think you should come to our school and—"

I raised my hand. "Hold on a second. Ignoring whatever you just said just now because I don't want to deal with it - I will not come to your school so that I will clean up someone else's mess." It's obvious that this demon girl right here was hoping for me to fix everything for some reason. I should stop her before she gets her hopes up. I then gave her a look. "...Plus, aren't you forgetting something obvious? You've been really rude right now, you know?"

She blinked at that, seemingly surprised at what I had said. Then, for some reason, she gazed at me in a considering manner. Like, in a really considering way as she scanned my body up and down.

And after a few weird seconds of her doing that, she looked away as if flustered. What's going on in her head?

"...I really have been a rude girl, haven't I?" she eventually asked.

I look at her weirdly. "Yeah?"

She let out another sigh. "...Very well, if it has come to this, then I suppose I have no choice."

With that, the girl stood up and - much to my surprise - started to raise up her skirt. My eyes blinked as the girl revealed her thigh high socks, followed by her creamy white thighs, and lastly her underwear; which was a surprisingly risque panties with laces that one wouldn't think a straight-laced looking girl like her would ever wear.

It was a very nice view all things considered.


Spoiler

The demon girl's eyes were averted to the side, and I could see her cheeks turning red. "I-Is this enough for your satisfaction? Satanichia had told me that you were a perverted scoundrel whose lust-addled mind enjoys girls offering themselves to you."

Again, just what the hell has that girl been saying about me?

I continued to blankly stare at her, and the demon girl started to fidget in place as she kept her skirt up. I can see her thighs tremble as she kept displaying herself to me - actually wait, is she starting to breathe heavily? Why is she looking oddly excited? Don't tell me she's actually enjoying this? Is she actually enjoying being put in a humiliating situation like this?

…I guess it should be expected with her being friends with an exhibitionist like Rias.

"I-Is this not enough, still?" the demon girl asked breathlessly after a moment of no reaction from me. "S-Should I offer more? My virginity, perhaps? You scoundrel, even though you have Satanichia's slutty body to play with already, you still want to ravage some other girl—?"

"I was actually talking about your name, you know." I interrupted.

She blinked. "Eh?"

"Your name." I repeated flatly. "You literally forced yourself inside my home, drank my tea, and showed your panties to me without giving me your name."

There was a moment of silence at that.

Then, she gracefully smoothed her skirt down and primly sat once more on the sofa. Following that, it took another few seconds or so before the demon girl chose to speak again.

"...My name is Sona Vignette." she said softly.

I ignored her very red and embarrassed expression, because from the way her eyes looked manic and teary as she stared fixedly at the table in front of her, it looked like she was doing her best not to break down and cry. I nodded at her introduction instead.

"Nice to meet you, then." I greeted. "I'm Basa, as you know, and you should forget whatever Rias said about me. None of it is true."

She looked surprised at that, momentarily distracted from her embarassment. "Wait, you and Satanichia are not…?"

"No, we're not." I repeated. "Now, you can go ahead and tell me what happened to Rias and why you went here of all places. Not that my answer would change, actually. You'll still leave. But please, do go ahead and enlighten me."

…No, chances are that it's definitely something in need of my attention, considering the events that happened with Rias after we last met, but one can only hope.

The demon girl was still slightly confused and flustered, but she heeded my request. "W-Well, Satanichia was acting strangely for the past few days and it's been really concerning. I thought it was just something temporary, something involving her hobbies or something similar, but it went on for a while that even her club members were getting concerned."

I frowned. This must be about Rias trying to find a way to escape her destiny as a heroine.

Did she realize that she had no way of changing her fate? Or was this her still trying to hold onto hope and stubbornly trying to change it? It sounds like the latter, since the Rias I know wouldn't give up far too easily - she's a shounen character after all. Still though, she probably has no idea how to change her fate as a heroine and would resort to rebelliously trying to not do her role, which wouldn't really work considering the narrative would just adjust itself to fit her rebellious nature.

It would be so easy to go there and change it for her but I can't, and won't do anything about it. Lives are at stake from making that choice. Nevertheless, it's still bothering to hear that she's getting troubled over this knowing that as a friend, I can't help her with her problem… Not like we'll be friends in the far future if she starts to become upset with me anyway, if she wasn't upset with me right now.

"I see… and her being upset caused you some problems?" I asked, knowing full well of the answer.

"What? No." she denied immediately, making me blink. "I forced her to go on a walk outside instead of just lazing about in her room to make her calm down; But then when she returned, she brought this futuristic gadget with her that's been causing all my headaches! I didn't even know where it came from!"

I stared blankly at her.

"What."

"That was my reaction too!" she shouted. "At first I thought it was some trinket she bought, but then it started to speak since it apparently has an AI! And then it started to answer Rias' studies for her along with her paperwork, and by somehow hacking into our computers! The student council wasn't spared and now I have to deal with it!" she ranted. "The last time I saw her, she was fiddling with it and making things teleport! I didn't even know humanity had reached this level of technology!"

I kept my expression neutral. "And where did she say she got it from?"

The demon girl exhaled. "She said something about cyborgs and mecha girls which I'm not really sure she's being truthful about, but—" she blinked as I stood up from my seat. "Um, wait, where are you—?"

I saw her squawk in shock before I disappeared when I slipped through the planes of reality, and for a jarring moment the world turned into a kaleidoscope of colors before returning back into something corporeal. That was when my surroundings were no longer my apartment, but rather a vintage-looking office which looked eerily similar to mine. Considering the person involved in making this and how much they're visiting my own place - I'm pretty damn sure they just decided to copy my own style.

And there she was, seated there on the head table in the office; the redhead herself, looking down like she was messing around with something on her hands, all the while humming with childish joy in her face.

"Hm hm hmm~! …Eh?" she looked up to see me. "B-Basa!? What are you doing here?" I opened my mouth to answer but I was interrupted when she shook her head. "No, wait, nevermind that! You should see this thing that I found, look!"

She brought up what she was messing about with, and my heart stopped. I suddenly realized what it was in her hands - having already seen it just around this lunch.

It was a witch's 'wand'.

"Can you see how cool this is!? It's like a futuristic gun or something! But it's more than that, look!" she said excitedly, then looked down on her hands. "Hey AI-san, speak."

"A Witch Armament Nexus Device Unit does not have a true AI. Please return to the designated Witch at once. An alert signal has been sent—"

"See!? It's like those sci fi movies! It even has the voice down too!" she said excitedly, cutting off the gadget. Oi, it just said something concerning just now, didn't it?

"Now, Rias." I started, slightly wary at the way she was holding it. "I'm going to have to ask you to not wave that around. That thing is very dangerous so don't—"

"Oh yeah! You should see this too!" she started fiddling with the thing. Listen to me you redhead bimbo! "I just found out that it can shoot lasers after pressing a button here—!"

Light.

The world turned into light as Rias suddenly shot a large cannon sized beam out of the wand, and I barely managed to throw myself out of the way to not get hit. Everything behind me wasn't spared though, and what had been in the way of the beam were outright disintegrated, leaving missing furniture, a sizzling carpet floor, and a large hole on the wall revealing the afternoon sky outside.

Then, the smoke that dissipated from the beam went to the fire alarms, making it go off. The sprinklers activated, along with the sound of the bell alarm ringing echoed through the club office. Of course, being the only person in the room to be unfortunately positioned under the sprinklers, I was the one who got completely doused in the water.

I stared blankly at Rias.

"Eheheh…" the demon girl looked at me with a sheepish expression. "Oops?"
"Satanichia! Where are you—!? Oh."

Sona opened the door to the club's office, her glasses askew and hair slightly ruffled likely from her haste to get back to the school, only to look on in shock at the view right in front of her. The place was completely destroyed and somehow wet after the little accident incurred, but the strangest thing that she had in her sight was the two people in the room.

Namely, Basa towering over a kneeling Rias.

"W-What happened here?" the bespectacled girl eventually asked after recovering from her shock. "Why is everything destroyed? Why is there a large hole on the wall?"

"This airhead here thought it was a good idea to play with the device that she found." Basa drawled out as he let out a scary glare. "And now she's getting corrected."

"I'm sowwy…" Rias sobbed out. Then she blinked. "—Wait, we did this bit already!" she turned to her friend. "Sona help me! There's this strange man in our club assaulting me!"

Her friend's reply was to only give her a flat glare, before looking at Basa. "I assume you took the gadget away?" he nodded. "Thank you for doing so, Basa-kun. Things might have gone worse if she had it in her person any longer."

"She's a walking hazard with it. Of course I'd take it away."

Rias looked alternately at the two of them with wide eyes.

"W-W-Wait." she stuttered. "Y-You two know each other!? How!? Since when!?"

"Just today. Your friend visited my apartment earlier." Basa answered simply, making blood drain out of face. Oh no! She couldn't have said anything about what she told about Basa-kun, right—? "So, I'm your boyfriend now, huh?"

"H-Huh!? I said no such thing! Sona is lying! She's saying that to get into your head!" she shouted in panic.

Sona did her glasses habit of adjusting it to make it flash. "I suppose that it should've been obvious that it was a lie. Well, I did think that Basa-kun's general existence was a lie in the first place, but I suppose this counts too."

Liar! You totally believed it! And you were completely jealous of me bagging a bad boy too! I know your fetish, you closet pervert!

Her friend smirked at her pouting, enjoying her current superiority. "No need to act like that, Satanichia. It's only expected when a lady acts like you do. Perhaps if you were to act mature and more like a proper lady, like yours truly, you might find yourself not spreading lies."

"'Proper lady', indeed." Basa-kun said flatly, making Sona cough and look away. What could've garnered that reaction? He then shook his head and waved the gadget he took from her. "Anyway, I'll be taking this thing with me for now. This isn't supposed to be yours."

Rias, who was looking suspiciously between Basa-kun and her friend, suddenly panicked at that. "W-Wait! Why!? I found it so it's mine, isn't it!? You can't just take it!" she turned to her friend, trying to ask for support. "Hey, Sona, you understand right—?"

"Please, go ahead and take it. I don't want it in this school anymore." Sona wholeheartedly supported.

"—Traitor! You just don't like how it solves my homework for me and that I got higher grades than you for once!" she ignored her squawk of protest and looked around, before managing to spot the barest flash of a person peeking from the doorway. "Akeno! Akeno, come here and help me from this menace!"

A pause, then there was the slightest of sighs as her trusty vice president Akeno along with the rest of her club walked through the doorway. Those lazy club members of hers! Just how long were they peeking and eavesdropping there!?

"Sorry Buchou~! But we've been thinking that maybe getting rid of that little gadget would be best?" her vice president, sing-songed apologetically with a fake smile on her face. "You've been spending so much time playing with it that you haven't been doing your work as the club president after all." she then turned to Basa and gave a much more genuine smile. "Also hi, Basa-kun~! It's been a while, isn't it~?"

"Sup."

"What!?" Rias shouted. "What do you mean!?"

"Buchou's been lazy." Koneko said laconically as she ate a bag of chips. She then gave Basa a nod. "Hi."

"Yo."

She turned to her last hope. "Kiba!? I'm not lazy at all, right! I mean I've got the AI helping me!"

The blonde just chuckled nervously. "A-Ah, well, it might be helping you but… I don't think you've double-checked the paperwork, Buchou. Many of our contracts need your personal magic, and the AI can't do that." he then gave Basa a grin. "And hello to you too, Basa-kun."

"Hello."

Rias fell to the ground and started sobbing. "Nooo! Don't take it! Please, it's so cool! It can shoot lasers! It has an advanced AI I can talk to and do my homework! It's my treasure, please don't take it away from meee!"

Akeno kneeled beside her and started to rub her back consolingly. "There, there."

"I'm pretty sure that you took it from someone else anyway, so you really don't have the right to think that." Basa-kun said flatly. "Remind me again how exactly you got this thing?"

Rias stiffened. "Um… well…"

"She said something about mecha women fighting around the city and how she defeated one when she was out for a walk." Akeno explained. "Then apparently, she dropped the gadget and our wonderful Buchou here took it away, leading to this situation."

Basa-kun looked unimpressed. "So you stole it."

"I didn't steal anything! I was just holding onto it before I find the owner!" she cried out.

"Who I'm going find, now that I have this thing. Should be great isn't it? You don't have to do the work." Basa countered. "So don't protest about it now."

Rias puffed her cheeks and pouted. Stupid Basa-kun, he's being unfair! Doesn't he know the rule of finders keepers!? She was pretty sure that he just didn't want him touching any new toys like the petty guy that he was!

A devious thought in her mind appeared, one that made a slight smirk appear on her face which made Basa look at her in confusion. If he was going to be petty, then she was going to be petty to him too!

"Hmph! Fine, take it away!" she huffed exaggeratedly, before giving him a side glance and a slight smirk. "I'm sure things will be fine, right? Nothing can possibly go wrong. I mean, you're the expert Basa-kun, so there's no way things wouldn't go as you expected, no?"

Sona and the rest of her club looked at her strangely but she only focused on giving a smug expression at Basa-kun, who simply gained this blank look from what she had said. Hah, see? She's starting to learn just how to use the narrative! She hadn't spent these past few days doing nothing! But wait, why is he—?

"—Owch, owch! Shtop pulling mah cheeks!" she pleaded as she tried to remove the hands suddenly pinching her face.

"You really went there, huh? I can't believe it. You really just did that." he said with a fixed smile. "Oh, what's that? You want a funny scene? I'll give you a funny scene. I'll pull your cheeks until it falls right off!"

"Nuu—! Help! Akeno!"

"Ara, how nostalgic~!" from the edge of her sight, Rias saw that her club's vice president was simply looking on with a smile on her face. "It reminds me of our elementary days. This happens quite frequently, doesn't it?"

Kiba chuckled beside her. "Quite so."

Those traitors! There will be a reckoning for this!

Before she could fully plot out her revenge though, a shout from the hall out her office echoed, making her and everyone else pause. "Hey everyone! I'm back from the contract you guys told me to give—!" Rias saw Ryuusei-kun appear in the doorway, before stopping. He looked in shock at the scene in front of him.

Then, his eyes narrowed at Basa-kun. Oh no…

"Hey, who the hell are you!? What are you doing to Buchou!?" he angrily shouted as he approached aggressively. "Let her go!"

Basa-kun looked at him in confusion, and that moment of him having his guard down gave Rias the opportunity to try to gather back her composure. She took a step back and assumed her graceful expression as the club's president.

"Ahem!" she coughed, gaining the attention of the boy. "It's fine, Ryuusei-kun. No need to act like that to our new guest here."

"B-But Buchou! This guy is trying to hurt you! I mean look at— eh?' he blinked as he looked around, seemingly just noticing the damage around the room. "The club office! What happened here!? You damn bastard, how dare you destroy our precious office…!"

"That's actually Rias' fault you know." Basa-kun retorted flatly.

"Hah!? The hell are you saying!? Buchou, get away from that guy. I'll teach thugs like him a lesson that he'll never forget—!"

Ryuusei-kun went on and on about what he threatens to do about Basa-kun, even as Kiba went and approached to try and calm him down ineffectively. Basa-kun's reaction was to simply give a flat stare at the boy and Rias had to palm her face at the second-hand embarrassment she was getting from Ryuusei-kun's actions.

This… was going to be a chore to explain.

After successfully managing to calm Ryuusei-kun down and explaining that their guest wasn't responsible for any of the damage, they now sat on the sofas of the club office - which were thankfully spared from her earlier mishap. The two sofas were separated with a center table; and there, seated on one side was Basa-kun and her good friend Sona, while her club was on the other. Rias instead was at the head table looking all important - it was her office after all!

"You really went ahead and copied my office, huh. Don't you have the slightest bit of originality?" Basa said flatly.

"Erk!" she looked away. "I-I don't know what you're talking about?"

Well, she did base the layout on his, but she added some different furniture and her own personal touches. It's just a coincidence that the final appearance looked similar! Unfortunately Ryuusei-kun, who was still glaring at Basa as they sat, seemed to have been offended on her behalf.

"Yeah, why the hell would Buchou try to copy you? Don't try to insult her like that. You're way beyond her notice!" Ryuusei-kun said defensively for her, making her cringe. He then looked at her. "Buchou, seriously who is this guy? What is someone like him doing here?"

"He's a longtime friend of Buchou, Ryuusei-kun; Basa-kun here is a human magi that attended our school not too long ago. He transferred to a different one after high school though." Kiba explained beside the boy.

"What!? A childhood friend!?" he gave a shocked look towards Basa. "This… thug!?"

"I'm not a delinquent." Basa-kun retorted flatly.

"Like hell you aren't!"

Rias frowned. She didn't like the way Ryuusei-kun was treating Basa-kun. She's well aware what Basa looks like and the effects of it since she did think of him as a delinquent the first time they had met, but the way Ryuusei-kun was acting… it was as if he was defensive of her. As if she was something to be shielded away from Basa-kun.

"Ryuusei-kun." Rias interrupted the one-sided argument coming from their new demon member. "How is it going with your friend? Aisha-san, was it?"

He paused. "B-Buchou? Where is this coming from?"

"Please, just indulge me. Can you answer the question?" she asked evenly.

He looked hesitant at sharing the details to her, giving an especially doubtful look at Basa-kun seated opposite him… but in the end relented to her request. "W-Well, she's fine. Already recovered from the fallen angel, really." he explained, before giving a questioning look at her. "Is there something wrong?"

"Really? Did you fix that problem of yours with her?" she asked. "You've said that it's been really awkward around you two."

He flinched, then looked away. "N-No, well…"

Rias was suspecting something.

She knows she's not that smart compared to Basa-kun when dealing with these things, but she had plenty of time thinking about her current situation as a heroine and how to change it. And from that she has an idea of why Ryuusei-kun was acting right now, and her sudden aggression towards Basa-kun.

He was the protagonist, and right now his heroine was talking to another person, one that was revealed to be a childhood friend. Rias was aware that Basa-kun's appearance is a factor, with her hanging around a delinquent like him resembling those netorare doujins that her friend Sona seem to like. She wouldn't doubt a pervert like Ryuusei-kun wouldn't be aware of that as well.

And most damning of all was his death before he was reborn into a demon. He had explained that the fallen angel fondled and kissed her childhood friend in front of her, thankfully not anything worse, yet it's clear that it still remains as a hurtful memory within him. Rias is sure that it's the contributing reason why Ryuusei-kun acts awkward towards his childhood friend.

Rias knew that Ryuusei-kun was afraid, afraid of someone he likes being stolen from him. And that fear from his traumatic experience is hurting him even now.

…

Perhaps the narrative would solve that in the future. Rias knew that if she were to be in a shounen setting, then Ryuusei-kun would eventually gain a harem and perhaps that fear would eventually be unaddressed into nothingness.

But… she can't just stand by and do nothing as well. It was a conclusion she had arrived at after her last conversation with Basa-kun. One that had perhaps led her to even meeting those mecha girls in the first place.

The memory of what happened not too long ago appeared in her mind.

Rias pouted as she took a walk after being forced out of her room by Sona. It had been a rough couple of days after her talk with Basa-kun, and she had been thinking on what to do.

She first locked herself in her room and consulted the many anime DVDs, light novels and games that she had in order to familiarize herself with her situation. Just as she had suspected, as a heroine she was pretty much destined to be part of the harem that the protagonist, Ryuusei-kun, will form. It's pretty much written since she belongs in a shounen genre, as Basa-kun had confirmed many times.

Her circumstances made her think if she should just let things happen. Things do end up good for the heroine in all shounen stories. She couldn't blame Basa-kun for saying that it's better for things to be that way either, since things end in a good way as well.

Yet the thought of letting things be… she doesn't want it. Is it selfish? Perhaps. But it's not like meddling with things will automatically make things worse. Sure, there is a potential for it, but it could make things better as well. Stupid Basa-kun is just too jaded to even risk it.

But then again… it wasn't like she was the same. She was worse even, since much of her problems currently in her club were because of her inaction and fear of making things worse, rather than something altruistic like saving lives like Basa-kun's.

But now, it's up to her to act.

Rias will make things better. Just as she had promised Basa-kun. She'll make sure of that.

And it was at the moment that her determination crystallized, she felt something that was pressing on her disappear; perhaps a less aware being wouldn't realize, but as a demon attuned to her senses, it was as if a sudden clarity appeared before her. It was as if an already burdened wall shattered after a slight push, giving her a glimpse to the other side for the first time.

—And when she looked up, she saw a pair of futuristic-looking girls battling high above the sky.

…Rias took a deep breath, then turned to look at Basa-kun.

He had been staring at her for a while now. His gaze looked as mysterious as usual, not even showing a hint of what he was thinking - yet it carried that air of knowledge as if he knew everything that was happening around him. She was completely sure that at this moment, he's very much aware of Ryuusei-kun's problem, and is aware of her knowing that too.

And right now, those eyes were watching her, judging her actions. Waiting for her to do something.

She found herself doing one thing in response.

"—Ryuusei-kun."

Her voice suddenly called out, making the boy snap out of his thoughts.

"B-Buchou?" the boy said hesitantly.

Rias stared at him for a few moments… before breaking into a grin.

"I've decided!" she declared, suddenly standing up from her seat. "An underling of mine shouldn't have a problem like you have! I'll help you - You and that childhood friend of yours will be talking again in no time!"

"E-Eh? Help me?" Ryuusei-kun blinked, before shaking his head emphatically. "No, i-it's fine, Buchou! We're just a bit awkward to each other, I don't really think it's that big of a deal—"

"Nonsense! You two are childhood friends right? Something is clearly wrong if you guys are acting like that!" she retorted. "You might have recovered physically from the fallen angel, but it's clear that the damage he incurred is still there! I'm not going to let things remain like that, Ryuusei-kun!"

She slammed her hands on her table, giving the boy a serious and determined look.

"You're a precious underling of mine, Ryuusei-kun! It's my duty to help you, just as you help me! I'm not going to stand by and do nothing while you suffer!"

She's not going to wait for fate, destiny, narrative or whatever to help him. She's not going to be useless and hope that things will be fine! Because…

"Because… how can I be a president worth following if I didn't do that!?" she shouted.

To do anything else would be lying to herself!

She was Rias Satanichia! The one who would be the President of Hell!

That statement seemed to have shocked Ryuusei-kun speechless, but the gratitude and admiration in his eyes were visible. "I-I… Buchou…!"

The rest of her club seemed to be stunned at her declaration as well. Sona in particular just looked confused.

"Satanachia? What's gotten into you?" her bespectacled friend asked, perplexed.

"Just something that I've realized." she said with a frown. "I've been… a really bad leader, for a while now."

She knew she wasn't a decisive person, so seeing her suddenly say this out of nowhere must be strange. That will change now though!

"You know, the same goes for the rest of you as well." she added, addressing the rest of her club. "I know that I've been ignoring much of our problems… but that'll change now." she clenched her fist. "I swear it!"

Akeno, Kiba, and Koneko blinked before looking at one another at that. She could almost hear the wordless conversation between them, and Rias just had to wonder what they were thinking.

Then, as if deciding upon something, they nodded and turned to her with a smile. "Buchou, what are you saying~? You don't really need to say that, you know." Akeno said, her smile much more genuine than her usual teasing ones. "You might be a bit of a slacker, but we know you'll be with us when we need it."

"I chose to follow you out of hell for a reason, Buchou." Kiba followed. "You're not a bad leader in the slightest."

Koneko nodded. She didn't need to say anything, since her serious gaze said enough.

Rias almost found herself tearing up. "You guys…!"

"Ah well, there is one thing…" Akeno suddenly said, adopting a pondering pose. Rias perked up. "I've been requesting for a renovation for the club building, so maybe our good leader Buchou will—"

"No! We will not be having a BDSM dungeon in our club building!" she interrupted. "I doubt you'll even use it!"

"BDSM!?" Ryuusei-kun looked intrigued.

Akeno gave her a teasing grin. "I was actually suggesting an archiving room for our contracts. Kiba's having trouble on where to store it."

Rias paused. Beside her vice president, Kiba chuckled. "It has been getting harder to find space. I'd suggest electronic contracts at first, Demon society's insistence on physical copies make it harder for us."

She sighed. "Fine… we'll be adding that I guess…"

"I want a bigger fridge too. We have another member in our club now." Koneko piped up.

Rias was about to deny that but hesitated. "I mean… I guess it's a bit too small, especially if I'm going to have more members in the future…"

Sona adjusted her glasses. "By the way, I'd like to point out that the damage you incurred in the building and everything else outside is coming from your budget, and not from the student council."

"—Oh lay off me now, would you!" Rias shouted pathetically.

Her club let out various reactions of amusement, with Akeno, Kiba, and Ryuusei chuckling, and Koneko letting out a silent giggle. Sona cracked a smirk.

Rias sighed in exasperation at their teasing, but slowly let out a smile herself. She turned to Basa-kun, who had been silently watching this whole time, and gave him a meaningful glance.

This is what I decided. She tried to convey. I'm not going to let my fear of making things worse stop me from making things better.

For a moment he said nothing, simply watching her and the rest of her friends. For a moment Rias thought that he'd be angry for choosing to change things and risking potential problems, but much to her surprise… he let out a genuine smile himself.

"I see… so that's your answer, huh." he said. "How fitting for a shounen character."

Before she could ask what that means however, he said something that made her pause.

"By the way, this is pretty heartwarming but the way things are going you should get ready." he warned, making the others look at him.

"Ready for what?" Rias asked.

He raised a brow at her, as if she was asking a particularly dumb question. "What else? For the flag you planted, of course."

Rias stiffened. "Eh?"

—Then for the second time in the day, the club office was enveloped in an explosion, and all hell breaks loose.
Last edited: Jan 20, 2024
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, Sir_dood134 and 2,175 others
Skrubchap
Jan 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Feb 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,077
It's a new semester and I had to adjust with the new schedule so it took a bit to write this. And now, for the continuation!

Chapter 10

Before the explosion that happened within the Rias' club office, a few minutes prior, an unidentified flying object appeared high up in the stratosphere, partially obscured by the clouds.

If an ordinary person were to look up they would have difficulty seeing it, with its white color blending on the clouds surrounding it, but a closer look would reveal that it wasn't a plane or a vehicle but rather a woman. A woman who wielded floating machinery behind her that is far more advanced than anything found in this era, keeping her aloft up high like a pair of wings, and shielding her from the cold despite the surprisingly skimpy outfit that she wore.


Spoiler

"Target location on sight.* the woman muttered, looking down on the school far below her. "Asking permission to proceed."

This woman was a witch, a warrior of great renown in the future, brought into the past to participate in this great game.

The communication module on her ear lit up, and a pompous male voice spoke on the other end. "Do so. Retrieve your device and don't bring any further shame to our family."

The witch winced at her warlock's words. The reminder of her failure cutting her deeply.

A few days ago, a strange event had left her unable to use her wand, as it had been missing. She had fought off another witch and during the exchange… something, which she could not recall due to a noticeable gap in her memories, occurred. And now she was left without it.

The Witch Armament Nexus Device was, in essence, an integral part of her being a witch. It was her weapon in life, outfitted with various augments that the faction she belonged to so that they could have an edge to this tournament. Yet it also wasn't that - it served as a nexus point for the time travel and also provided her the necessary assistance like monitoring time fluctuations in her spiritron body or even providing her information in the current era. Due to that importance, a witch and her wand are made to be inseparable, able to be teleported to her at all times and other backup systems that every faction in the war had agreed to put.

It wouldn't have been a concern… yet for some reason, attempts of making it return to her had been met with failure. The system had said that it detected some foreign energy that prevented the teleportation.

It was easy to conclude that a third witch had interfered with her battle and stole it. However, the implications of it sent her mind reeling. Out there was a witch with the ability to bypass the restriction families had put into the wand, and furthermore, one who had the ability to control memories judging by her inability to remember the event.

This subtlety… perhaps it was the work of the Arcanist class. Or perhaps something different. Nevertheless, she has failed her duty - and she will not do so once more.

"I shall not fail you, ancestor." she said firmly to her warlock.

There was a scoff on the other side of her comm module. "Hmph, we'll see."

Then the line cut off.

With that, the witch dropped down from the sky and approached the school down below. The familiar feeling of the cloaking equipment enveloped herself, preventing people from below in seeing her. She followed the direction of the last known location of the signal that she received from her wand.

From her forays into the primitive digital network, she knew that the school below was previously an all-girl's school in middle school that eventually turned into a normal one a few years ago, yet the majority of the school body remained female. It had students from mostly high income middle families to daughters of rich aristocrats. Perhaps an ancestor from a rival faction attended here, hence the signal, but she couldn't also shake the suspicion of the situation in general.

What was waiting for her was undoubtedly a trap. Someone who had a witch's wand undoubtedly knows how important it is to them. She had lost her primary weapon, and the best move would be to keep it away. And so to announce the location so daringly… there had to be something strange afoot.

She needed to be careful.

Her eyes spotted an isolated building away from the main campus. She locked onto the specific floor and room, her own augments bypassing the walls to peer inside, only to note that the place which resembled an office looked like a bomb went off it. She also noted the many people inside.

Three boys and three girls are present. They all looked like normal students of the school, except the one other boy who wore a different uniform. All of them were people she could ignore except for two exceptions: the same boy in a different uniform looking in her direction - to which she chalked it as coincidence - and finally the girl who sat on the head table, unlike the others who were seated on the sofa.

The girl had red hair. Something in her absent memories stirred up. She didn't know what technology managed to remove her memories, but as a trained soldier filled with augments in her body and mind, it would take more than that to influence it fully.

Her target was decided. It didn't look like they spotted her with her cloaking device… so if what was waiting for her was a trap, then she simply needed to take them from surprise as well.

The flight unit floating behind her keened much like a warplane and let out a twin jet of flames which accelerated her rapidly, then on her one free hand, she retrieved a small projectile that she had with her. One which she threw at the hole inside the room.

"—Eh?" she heard the girl say.

The projectile exploded, enveloping the room in a flash of light accompanied not by an explosion, but rather something else. The witch finally entered the room without landing on the ground, staying aloft with the flight unit on her back.

The red-haired girl coughed as she tried to recover herself. "Wha—" she stood up from the ground. "What happened!?"

Then, when she looked around, the girl's eyes widened in shock at what she beheld. "Huh!?"

This was because despite the explosion being over, the smoke hadn't cleared. In fact, it wasn't moving as if frozen in time - much like the other things and people in the room.

It was time dilation taken to the extreme. The projectile produced a spherical zone spanning the majority of the mansion and outside it where everything, except for selected targets, will remain unmoving as if in stopped time. Right now, the girl was firmly in the witch's territory.

The technology she wielded was considered advanced and dangerous even in the war-torn future she had come from. For the person who could control time in the palm of their hand holds a great power more than explosives or weapons ever could.

She was of the Chronomancer class; a master of time and the most powerful class of witch. And now, this girl and her witch will fear her for getting in her way.

The girl, who was still reeling in shock, turned to her direction and finally noticed her presence. She took a step back. "E-Eh!? You are…!"

The witch frowned. She noted the recognition in her eyes - furthering her suspicion in her involvement from her absent memories.

"Surrender, and return the wand to me." she demanded in a cold tone. She wasn't entirely without mercy. "You will find no assistance from the outside; everything in here is now under my control. Best give up unless you want yourself eliminated."

Saying that, the girl did something she didn't expect, and it was her turn for her eyes to widen.

From the girl's back came out bat-like wings and a tail, making her resemble a devil or some sorts. The witch found herself tensing as the girl went into a defensive stance.

"H-How did you get here!?" the girl shouted. "You shouldn't have remembered me from my hypnosis!"

Her eyes narrowed. Hypnosis? And the girl said she was responsible for it. Along with the strange bio-modifications that she had, she can only come to one conclusion.

This girl was the third witch that stole her wand.

"I see." she didn't know their ploy, but they were now in her territory and it was as good as over. There would be a time to retrieve her wand later; her priority was taking the witch in front of her first. "Then your end comes here."

She raised an arm towards the enemy, making them twitch.

"Chronify." she said softly.

Spacetime visibly warped in her behest as the voice command removed the girl's restriction to the time dilation. The enemy witch would be like the others around her, stopped in time and unable to act upon her. She could eliminate her easily after that.

Much to her surprise however, the enemy witch did something she had never seen before.

The girl's wings and tail straightened as if in alarm. "Eh!? What the—!?" she looked around, then spread her arms to let out some sort of energy that swept around her, stopping her tech from acting upon her.

The witch's eyes narrowed as her system brought back warnings and errors on its calculations. It identified the main source: a foreign energy, one that was identical to the one stopping her wand from teleporting to her.

Troublesome. She didn't have her wand to shoot her either… so it looks like she has to do this the old-fashioned way and use her fists to do the job.

"W-Wait! Don't attack me please! We don't need to fight!" the enemy witch pleaded as she saw her tense. "I'm sorry for taking your wand, but this is a massive misunderstanding! We don't have to—!"

Her flight unit activated, allowing her to accelerate towards the enemy witch with great speeds. She kicked her feet in a horizontal arc, intent on taking their head off, but the witch was able to react quickly and raise their arm to only take a glancing blow and make distance. She brought her foot down and scrutinized her enemy, who swallowed nervously.

There will be no parley. She didn't know what her enemy was thinking, nor did she recognize someone like her from the future, but it was clear she relied on tricks and acting. Her advantage was taken away with her wand gone, and now she found out that the witch was able to rebuff her time dilation tech. In hindsight, it should be obvious that they also have something for that. Nevertheless, she wouldn't be caught in their web any longer.

Now is the time to fight.

I watched as Rias started to fight the sci fi character.

My body remained seated on the sofa, unmoving due to being inside a zone where time is dilated to the point that time is almost stopped. Of course, having made protections against such a thing due to the sheer amount of characters who have the same power, my perception remained the same and I was completely unaffected by it.

Still though I really have no reason to move - so I just chilled on the soft mattress while observing them from my peripheral vision.

It was obvious that something would happen especially with Rias' little stunt with tempting fate earlier. I saw it coming from a mile away - literally, considering I spotted the sci fi witch floating a mile away in the sky just a few minutes ago. I figured that they might have located the wand that Rias stole and followed it to this place.

I witnessed in real time as the woman visibly ignored Rias' club and the glasses demon girl due to the genre divide, perhaps dismissing them as unimportant. There was also a bit of attention to me but it was quickly staved off by my own trait as a side character as her eyes slid off me. In the end that left Rias, who had somehow spontaneously gained the ability to ignore the boundaries of narrative due to reasons I am unsure of, for the sci fi witch to focus on.

Which now left us with this entirely avoidable confrontation. Really, if that redhead bimbo just kept her hands to herself then things wouldn't have devolved into this. Maybe we can even find out things in a more controlled environment.

Still, this was quite interesting to look at.

"I said wait! Can you please just listen to me!?" Rias shouted comically, which was ignored completely by the witch as they continued to attack.

I could see how they were starting to become visibly frustrated with how Rias seemed to deal with her moves though. Despite showing a lot of skin with her skimpy outfit, I can tell that it was actually a distraction and most of her body was actually synthetic and heavily augmented with machine parts. A single punch from this woman would obliterate a normal person - however, demon physiology is a tad tougher than that. The redhead is showing just how superior it is just by showing how effortlessly she dodged and blocked the hits due to their faster reaction time and tougher physiology.

Then there's also the fact that she's from a shounen genre. People who belong there have generally stronger bodies that defy realistic logic, and watching it now really highlights the difference between the two of them.

"Ah!"

An attack slipped by Rias' guard and managed to cuff her on the head. The redhead yelped in pain and kicked back reflexively, hitting the witch on the gut and making her grunt as she was pushed away. Rias cradled her head as she made distance once more.

"Ouch…!" she whined, before turning to the witch in anger. "That hurt, you know!?"

The witch didn't reply, but I could tell she was a bit insulted with how casually Rias was acting from the twitch in her brow. She brought up a hand much like she did earlier when she tried to time stop Rias… before suddenly disappearing.

"Wha—!"

Rias tensed as the witch suddenly appeared behind her without warning, and the forward chop aimed to her neck was dodged by a slight leaning of her head. In that same moment a magic circle appeared in Rias' hand as she called out an attack for the first time.

"Annihilation!" she shouted, unleashing a torrent of demonic power out of the magic circle towards the witch, who simply avoided it with the help of their jetpack. The attack went through the furniture around and outright disintegrated them.

The witch looked at the resulting destruction with her eyes narrowed. "That strange energy again…" she muttered.

"Grr…" Rias growled, her earlier anger returning to the witch once more. "Damn it, I said just please listen to me! I'm telling you that we don't need to fight! You're looking for that thing I took from you, right!? I can just return it to you if you want!"

"All witches will be eliminated." the woman coldly replied.

"Huh? I'm not a witch! I'm a demon! Do I look like I'm wearing a witch hat and carrying a broom—" she stopped and shook her head. "No, look. I understand that you don't have my kind from wherever you're from, but I'm not whatever you're thinking! Look at my wings and tails! That's not normal for you, isn't it!?"

If I let myself move, I would've raised a brow. What exactly was this girl trying to pull?

Is she trying to convince them about the existence of other settings? You're an exception to the rule that divides them, dumbass. That's not gonna work with others. And I'm sure I've also said it to her in passing as well for her to know that.

Lo and behold, the witch just looked at her like she was an idiot. "Your bio-modifications are lifelike, but I'm not going to think that you belong to a race of some primitive religion. Are you delusional?"

"I'm not—! Look I'm really telling the—!" she stopped herself before looking in my direction, probably remembering that no, what she's doing won't work. Then she sighed. "Oh forget it… you're not going to listen to me at all, are you?" she shook her head. "Fine!"

Then in proper shounen fashion, she clenched her fist in front of her and glared at her opponent.

"If you're not going to listen to me… then I'm going to make you!"

With that declaration, Rias seems to stop holding herself back as crackling demonic energy suffused within her form. Her wings unfurled on her back and flapped once to lift her up to get to the floating witch's level. The two clashed midair, and they launched themselves out of the club office and into the courtyard of this mansion.

"Tch!" the witch clicked her tongue as she was caught off guard by the sudden burst of strength from Rias. "That foreign energy is increasing…!"

"Hah! So you can't detect my magic? Let's see if you can deal with it then! Your mechs or my magic - we'll see which one is better!" Rias shouted with a determined grin.

The redhead demon started to attack aggressively, switching the positions from earlier and making the witch be the one on the defensive this time. Their fight in air was filled with twists, barrel rolls, and turns that looked more like a fight between extremely mobile fighter planes than two people slugging each other.

Rias occasionally formed a magic circle to launch countless bursts of demonic energy towards the witch, which was deftly avoided. I could see that the witch was slowly turning overwhelmed though because of her caution towards the demonic magic that Rias has as well as the sudden ramping up of the intensity in their fight.

Rias, by contrast, seemed to enjoy this opportunity to cut loose and show off herself. I considered the situation at hand at why this was the case.

During these moments does a shounen character's best traits take the spotlight. The hotblooded action, one where emotions and tensions run high - it was at these times that a shounen character is in their element. Logic and realism like stamina, endurance, or any physical limitation that a character may have are thrown away in the face of what is dictated by story themes and narrative to showcase a cool scene.

The rule of cool, in simple terms. Rias, right now, is literally empowered by fate to show off cool shit no matter how dumb or implausible. It's a trick that I sometimes use in shounen genres to give myself a boost. Not to say that it doesn't appear in other genres, but for shounen it's very easy to do so.

The witch however doesn't have that benefit. She actually is part of a genre that's more grounded and realistic; that is, she belongs in a seinen genre. Leading to this result of her having a hard time fighting Rias.

"Tsk!" Rias let out a noise of frustration as the witch disappeared out of the way from her attack due to their application of the time technology. "Let's see if you can dodge this then!" she shouted, before launching out a particularly large volley of energy projectiles.

"Useless." the witch intoned.

As expected, like the rest of Rias' attacks, it was avoided once more as the witch disappeared from her place and reappeared slightly out of the way in an instant. When the woman reoriented herself however, she was shocked to see her getting hit in the face by a fist she didn't see coming. "Grkh—!"

Rias grinned from her successful prediction of her enemy's teleport position. "Do you really think I'll let you keep doing that!?" A large magic circle appeared before her. "Annihilation!"

This time, the witch wasn't able to dodge and was directly hit by the beam of demonic energy. The woman grit her teeth as she tried to oppose it, straining her augmented body… but in the end managed to be overwhelmed as the beam enveloped her whole, swiftly followed by a large explosion.

It was only a matter of time that happened. Rias managed to beat her enemy and it looked like the battle had concluded. One might be tempted to say that the witch had no chance of beating Rias the moment fate empowered her to be stronger.

But… that wouldn't be the case.

Rias kept her distance, staying aloft in the air as she watched as black smoke wafted after the explosion high up in the air. She pumped her fist in victory. "Hah! Take that! I won!"

With that statement the flag was raised, and it was swiftly triggered without mercy.

Because as the smoke eventually dispersed… it revealed not the sight of a defeated enemy, but rather nothing at all. Her enemy disappeared without a trace.

"What!? She's not there!?" Rias shouted in shock, before swiftly trying to look for the missing witch in her surroundings. "Where—!?"

A blur appeared in front of her and she wasn't able to react fast enough for the hand that grasped her throat. There, the witch appeared from nowhere, synthetic skin torn to reveal some of her damaged augments underneath. Her cold glare was aimed solely at the girl she held by the throat.

"Foreign energy analyzed… system updated. That foreign energy you exude will no longer disrupt any calculations." the witch stated clinically. "You can no longer prevent my technology."

It is said that growing up is a delicate balance between dreams and the weight of reality.

In what was interpreted as certainty and determination from shounen, it was reflected by seinen as hubris and idiocy. Both are incompatible with one another, viewing life in conflicting lenses; and that nature makes them perfect to cast down the other with the right circumstance.

Rias might have been beating the witch, but from raising that flag statement earlier, she gave the seinen aspect the perfect opportunity to cast her down for her overconfidence. A taste of reality for a naive child, you might say.

This whole time the witch was playing defensive I could tell that she was analyzing the Rias' magic. She was stalling for time this whole fight. Perhaps if Rias quickly tried to defeat her and didn't get swept away by the trope to show off, she might have defeated her enemy. Yet she failed to notice it, and that had cost her.

"Kghh—!"

Rias struggled on the witch's grip, trying to pry it off, yet her efforts were futile. The witch's face remained emotionless as her hand slowly tightened, intent to crack her neck and finish her off. Rias was starting to turn desperate as her windpipe was slowly getting crushed.

From my peripheral vision, I watched them closely.

Then a terrible crack that echoed and Rias slumped on the witch's grip.

A heavy silence fell.

Then, the witch let go and dropped Rias' body down on the ground. She didn't even spare any look or thought towards it - an efficient and merciless killer, through and through. Instead, she turned back to the club office, perhaps trying to pinpoint the last location of the wand.

She floated towards me and narrowed her eyes, looking at my form in confusion. I had her wand with me after all. Yet I wasn't holding it; I put it in my subspace before this woman had even arrived. Her tech might be able to detect the slightest bit of space distortion around me due to how advanced it is, but otherwise she has no idea where the wand could possibly be. Still, that didn't stop her from trying, and she extended her hand towards me.

…Unfortunately for this woman, victory wouldn't be something that she could get easily.

I stared at her.

She halted immediately, gaze snapping to my face to see that my eyes were now looking at her. It's always been said that the eyes are the window of the soul and I'm staring straight at hers; judging it in its entirety.

The witch jumped back.

"H-His eyes, did it just move…?" she muttered in disbelief. "Impossible, he should've been in stopped time!"

I could count a thousand possible ways I could've ended her right then and there. This time dilation thing never worked for me in the first place - I could have stood up at any time, at any moment, and defeated her easily with her being unable to stop me.

But there was no need to… because all I needed was to give a slight assistance. One that would cause the witch to get distracted for a moment.

"Demonic inferno, rise and blaze forth—!"

My lips involuntarily cracked into a smile.

The witch stiffened at the voice and made her turn around. There she saw a familiar redhead, floating through the air with a hand held to her throat and evidently not dead. There were also very complex magical circles and lines that spun around her form as she fed her magic there.

But the most striking of all was the ball of fire above a raised arm. It was a large amount of demonic energy condensed in a single point, making it glow bright like the sun - the power of a celestial star right in Rias' palms.

And she brought that hand forward and aimed it towards the witch.

The witch tensed, but in response she had extended her arm as well - no doubt intending to use her time tech to stop the attack now that she can affect Rias despite the demonic magic.

"Chronify—!"

But what she didn't expect was for the magic circles around Rias to activate and make her disappear from up high in a flash, before reappearing in the office just behind her with a teleport, the redhead positioning herself between me and her enemy. The witch's eyes widened as she was left face-to-face with Rias, whose hands were outstretched right in front of her face.

What happened mere moments ago would've spelled the end of any shounen character. In that moment where their sudden power-ups, determination and intense feelings have failed them, they're left with nothing.

But the thing is… Rias was no longer a normal shounen character bound by the rules, wasn't she?

And in the end, it was that unique exception to how the world worked that gave her the edge - by exploiting an out of context problem that her enemy would have no way of dealing with, due to the fact that they belong in entirely different settings.

How appropriate.

The witch was unable to dodge, the minute surprise and hesitation from Rias' trick being an opportunity. And so, Rias launched the attack, shouting it in the bottom of her heart.

"—Burning Star of Annihilation!"

And so everything in the direction Rias had pointed towards was engulfed by a large beam of hellfire. The sheer incandescence of her attack was blindingly intense, and the heat that accompanied was even more so. Then after a few seconds of holding it, Rias' beam eventually petered out as she ran out of energy.

"Hah… hah…" the redhead dropped her arm, notably exhausted as she panted. "Take… that…"

What was left after the beam dissipated revealed surprisingly little damage. It was fortunate that Rias had inclined her attack in the direction of the hole on the wall or else another part of the room would've been burned, if not outright disappeared.

And beyond the hole was the smoking and visibly damaged body of the witch, gauged to the ground far away out into the courtyard. Her body twitched minutely as she tried to fight her body's limits and try to stand back up. Rias tensed as she saw her opponent still conscious.

"Y-You're still awake!?" she shouted incredulously.

Her enemy didn't answer, focusing too much on getting up, and maybe even slightly delirious and affected by a concussion from the uneven dilation of her eyes.

"I…" the witch muttered. "I will not fail…!"

…Perhaps if it were a different set of circumstances, she would've had a chance. But that wasn't the case - in the end her body had hit its limit, for she was a character that worked in a more realistic manner. The same trait which helped her almost get the killing blow if it weren't for Rias' abnormality biting her in the back. Again, it really shows how certain genres have their strengths and weaknesses depending on the situation at hand.

She slumped and fell onto the ground, defeated.

And from that, time had finally resumed its course.

"—Hm? Buchou?"

The club members and the glasses demon girl all blinked as from their perspective, Rias went from sitting on her table to standing right in front of me while covered in bruises. Before they could open their mouths I snapped my fingers and ensnared them in a trance.

"Congratulations." I complemented the redhead, who blinked at my sudden actions. "Nice job defeating her."

The girl was speechless for a few moments, before her eyes narrowed and she pointed a finger at me. "I knew it! I thought I saw your eyes move earlier! So you just decided to make me do all the work while you stayed there and—erk!" she winced and massaged her neck. "Oww… I'm definitely not trying that trick again…"

"You really pulled a sneaky one on there, huh. It was pretty convincing." I commented. "Let me guess, you tried using your shapeshifting power?"

Demons in her setting have a minor shapeshift ability. Something about it being in theme for ensnaring humans with their beauty or somewhere along those lines. I noticed her use it to trick the witch by making it look and sound like she broke her neck.

"Yeah… I think I did hurt myself for real though." she said sullenly.

"Hm… that might be a bit concerning. Let me take a look at it." I stepped close into her personal space, and she squeaked when I lifted her chin gently to see her neck. I tilted her head side-to-side to check the damage, much to her wincing, before I nodded. "Alright, I know how to fix this."

"You do? How can you—"

I chopped her neck, making another terrible crack echo.

"—Kghh!" Rias shivered, then blinked as she felt that the pain disappeared. Her eyes still narrowed at me though. "You…! Warn me before you do that next time!"

"I needed your muscles relaxed. You're making my bullshit medicine martial arts harder to do if it wasn't." I explained. I then gave her a reprimanding look. "Now, I hope that the entire fight made you learn something. Can you tell me what you did wrong?"

She stiffened at that. "Um, that I shouldn't try to fake breaking my neck?" I raised a brow and she slumped. "...I'm sorry, I shouldn't have stolen from her… or tried to tempt fate as well. I didn't know it would actually get this bad." she said, looking away.

I stared at her for a few seconds, making her stew uncomfortably… before I nodded my head. "Alright, apology accepted."

She looked at me with wide eyes as I started to approach the witch and put her unconscious form over my shoulder. "Wait, you're not… you're not angry? I thought you'd be…" she asked, her tone mixed with confusion and slight worry.

I shook my head. "I'm not upset. Maybe if you made a bigger mess of things I would, but this whole fight? It's pretty tame. Honestly, the majority of your mistakes was because you weren't familiar with how things work. You incorrectly assumed that hypnosis was enough, unaware of other factors at play." I answered her. "You're going to be more proficient at it once you get properly taught."

"I…" she blinked as she registered the implications of my words. 'Wait… you're going to teach me? Just like what you're doing with Yuki-san?"

I shrugged. "You've definitely developed the same abilities. Plus, I'm not going to let you run around unaware of the damage you can cause. That's just asking for trouble." I stared at her. "Things will be different for you from now on. As far as things go... 'Rias the Heroine' is no more."

For a few moments the redhead was speechless as she heard my words.

Then Rias beamed, giving me a joyful smile.

"Yes! I'll be your student, Basa-kun! I'll go to your apartment and meet up tomorrow!" the girl looked really happy as she said that. Well, I did confirm to her that I'll be helping her after all - which was what she wanted from me so long ago. "So this means that I won't be suddenly falling in love with Ryuusei-kun, right?"

"You definitely have the heroine role, but since you're like me now you can change that. Act in a certain way enough and it'll change." I explained. "I'll teach you the specifics when we get there."

She looked relieved. "I see, that's good. My love… it already belongs to someone else." she said, looking at me straight in the eyes. Then, she let out a soft smile. "Things will be better now."

...How very forward. What happened to her being shy and destroying my apartment when I laid it out in the open?

"Are they really?" I said instead with a raised brow. "I'd argue that everything is worse now since things will develop differently from now on. Who knows, you might've just doomed the world with this."

Rias, in response, just let out a confident grin.

"Heh, you don't need to worry about that. I made a promise, didn't I?" she thumped her chest with a fist. "I swore that I'll make things better than it would be!" the girl declared.

I stared at her for a moment, then let out a smile at that.

I suppose she did say it. I did think that she's basically fated to become the protagonists' harem member - yet here we are, with the girl somehow transcending the narrative just as she declared it would. It was somehow very fitting for a shounen character like her.

"...Yeah, I guess you did." I then shook my head and turned around. "By the way, your friends are gonna wake up soon so be sure that you have an excuse ready. I already edited the events but in their perspective things exploded because of you." I waved a hand. "See you tomorrow. I gotta go ahead and take care of this mess."

Rias blinked.

"Eh? What—?"

The world shifted as I teleported as I took the witch with me, leaving Rias behind.

When the teleport ended, I arrived not back at my apartment but rather inside a rather large and ostentatious room. Inside was a lone person, a middle-aged gentleman dressed in a sharp if not slightly vintage wear that looked like it wouldn't be out of place in 19th century Europe, coat tails and all. They jumped at my sudden appearance.

"What the—! Who are you!? From where did you come from!?" he shouted in alarm, before his eyes locked onto the witch that I carried on my shoulder. "That…!"

Everything about him and this place screamed rich. There was a carpet-covered floor, along with the room being filled with ornate furniture that looked like it was handcrafted by expert artisans. On the walls hung paintings that undoubtedly must cost a lot of money, but out of all of them the one given most importance was the large portrait of the same person standing before me, likely fuelled by their narcissism.

I've done my research for this setting; this person right in front of me was the one acting as the 'warlock'. Their place in the plot was just to become a minor antagonist, so Rias' little scuffle and intervention wouldn't affect much and can be dealt with easily. Of course I'd have to look for other factors as well but I'd have to find out their perspective of the situation first to adjust things. That would most likely involve memory manipulation and mind reading.

I dropped the witch on the floor and approached the man with a genial smile. He stiffened in fear.

Time to get to work.

Once I returned to my apartment the sun had truly set, replaced with the moon up above the night sky. The clean up was relatively simple once I finished dealing with those characters - though I did have to track down another witch since apparently Rias intervened in a fight between two of them. After that, things were done.

Today was a really strange day though, I reflected. It has been quite a shock to me that someone I thought would be a heroine all my life suddenly... wasn't. Why had Rias suddenly become like Yuki? The cause of their sudden development was unknown. I would've thought that it was something about Rias' desire to be freed from her role, but the randomness of Yuki's own development refuted that. Again, more things to consider and find out. Especially with the fact that somehow, those who gain the ability similar to mine are all those who are near me or close to me in some way.

I welcomed it happily though. Now I've got twice the sample size I can use to gain knowledge from.

I was also hoping to find out what I can do with Rias being a shounen character. Perhaps she will assist me just like Yuki does? I'm very certain she'll volunteer. Her unique traits will definitely be useful in some scenarios.

Well, we'll see. That's definitely a thought for tomorrow. But for now…

I spotted the curvy form of Aoki-san opening the door to her apartment. She looked like she had just gone back from her job. She wore a blouse and pencil skirt - a deadly combination that made her look even more appealing than her normal housewife look.


Spoiler

I approached her like a predator eyeing a delectable meal. Not noticing me at all, I then grabbed her soft behind, making her squeak in surprise. Her head snapped to me before she relaxed when she saw my smiling self.

"Good evening, Aoki-san." I greeted with a jovial smile, continuing to grope her. "Mind if I joined you for tonight?"

She let out a happy sigh from my ministrations and she leaned her back to me. Then she gave me a pout. "Mou, Basa-kun… I still haven't changed my clothes, you know? And doing this outside where our neighbors might see us, what if we get caught?"

"Then let them watch… I certainly know I won't be the only one enjoying it." with supernatural deftness I groped her pliant ass that made Aoki shiver and make her breath hitch. "I seem to recall someone being sopping wet when I fucked them in front of the window for all to see…"

"Mm~ that's unfair…" I started fondling her breasts and she grabbed onto my body for support while grinding to my hands unconsciously. "You just were too good of a lover. You turned me into a pervert, Basa-kun…"

"Hmm, was it really my fault? Or were you a pervert this whole time?" I asked rhetorically before I leaned in close to her ear. "I think I know the answer." I whispered, making her shiver some more.

Then I stopped and moved away from her.

"But I guess you're right, we should get you inside before doing anything. It's cold out here." I let out a soft smile. "You can change while I cook dinner for you. Or would you rather take a bath first?"

She blinked, the haze of lust momentarily disappearing from her eyes as she registered my words… before letting out a giggle. "You really know how to get to a woman's heart do you, Basa-kun? How dangerous."

"A lovely hardworking woman like you deserves to be treated this way." I simply stated, opening the door for her.

"Hmm…" she hummed as she walked into her apartment, before glancing back at me with a sultry smile. "Then… I suppose that a man like you deserves to be treated as well in exchange. Maybe we should do something before I take a bath~?" she said in a faux-innocent tone and tugged at the collar of her blouse.

I met her smoldering gaze, and I recognized it as her barely holding back from throwing herself at me. I just knew that we'll be having fun all night and probably hours after that.

Grinning in a way that I knew that made her wet, I then closed the door and locked it behind me.

What a perfect way to end the day.
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JustBored, Sir_dood134 and 2,025 others
Skrubchap
Feb 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Feb 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,159
Apologies again for another long wait, but I believe I could get out the chapters faster now. Anyway, events recently have been pretty focused on action… so these next few chapters will change that. Hope you guys enjoy it!

Chapter 11

Yuki woke up this morning feeling better than she had been for a long while.

After the events yesterday, she found out that her concerns had disappeared in the wind. She might have felt hurt at not being chosen by Makoto-kun to be his girlfriend, but after a long time of reflection she had realized that maybe, maybe that's not so bad.

She was self-aware to realize that her confession was done with her unsure of her feelings, born out of her panic when Kaede said to her that she'll confess to Makoto-kun during the school festival. Yuki knew she was growing affection towards her clubmate and had come to appreciate him, but not enough to truly say that she loved him. In the end, she didn't want to miss out on an opportunity so she confessed all the same.

And that was a mistake. it had almost broken her precious club because of it. It was fitting that she would be the one to fix it.

…She knew that all of it wouldn't be possible without the help of a certain person though.

Yuki tried to compose herself when she felt heat on her face, blushing at the memory of what she did with Basa-kun yesterday. She had been emotionally overwhelmed; the stress of killing a person for the first time in her life a few hours prior to being rejected by Makoto-kun had made her break down in tears. She knew she was being illogical at that time because both of those things were completely ideal results considering the situation, but she had cried nonetheless.

She vividly remembered the memory of her crying on his chest, and how she felt his strong body hold her close in an effort to comfort her. Yuki felt her blush intensify and she shook her head to clear the thoughts away.

It… it was embarrassing. She shouldn't have done that. The almost romantic connotation of her actions wasn't lost on her either. Why did she have to run into his arms like that? What was she thinking?

S-She might have to apologize again to Basa-kun after getting to his place, just to clear the air.

As she arrived at her destination which she had found herself visiting these past few days - that is, Basa-kun's apartment - a voice called out to her before she could knock on his apartment's door.

"Yuki-saaan!"

She turned around surprised, almost expecting to see her cheerful friend Kaede, before blinking when she realized that it wasn't her precious clubmate but rather a familiar redhead who was running towards her.

"S-Satanichia-san!?" she said in surprise.

The redhead girl stopped in front of her and bent down on her knees as she tried to catch her breath. Her eyes unconsciously went down on the demon's prodigious chest, which hypnotically swayed up and down as the girl let out deep breaths. She found herself staring at it… before she realized what she was doing and Yuki looked away with a blush.

"U-Um…" her mind raced for something to ask. "W-What are you doing here, Satanichia-san?"

Satanichia-san straightened up, finally catching her breath. "Ah, well… for the same reason as you, I suppose." she gave her an excited grin. "I'm going to be joining you and Basa-kun from now on!"

Her eyes widened at that information. "Does that mean you gained an ability similar to mine? Did you encounter something like I did?" she asked in concern, her earlier embarrassment forgotten.

"Oh, right. You encountered a stray demon because of that, wasn't it? I guess I did too… it wasn't supernatural though, but rather something that looked like from a sci-fi setting." Satanichia-san frowned in thought. "What was it they called themselves again? A witch?"

"Witches…? That was the same setting we dealt with yesterday. I've read Basa-kun's files about them; they're said to carry advanced weapons from the future." she said with a frown. "Are you alright, Satanichia-san? You didn't get hurt did you?"

The redhead's response was to simply puff out her chest. "I've had everything under control! I even beat her in a fight when she went back for round two!" she said in pride, before giving her a cute pout. "And you don't need to call me by my last name, you know? We're going to be working together now so you can call me Rias, Yuki-san!"

Yuki blinked at her request. Wasn't it a bit too presumptuous to ask for such a thing…? She was familiar with many people calling her first name out of some naive idea to try to act close, with her friend Kaede being one of them, but she had never had someone ask her to do the same. Especially for someone that she had only met a couple of times.

…On any other occasion she would've refused it, thinking of them as rude or arrogant even, but she doubted that the redhead girl in front of her meant it like that. If anything, she was more genuine in how she acted than most people Yuki knew from the majority of her life. The girl in front of her most likely thought of her as a real friend despite their limited meetings.

She didn't mind being called that way and treating her as a friend, she realized.

"Sure." she agreed with a soft smile. "Let's work together from now on, Rias-san."

Rias-san beamed, before gazing towards Basa-kun's apartment door. "Alright! I think I'm ready to do this." she pumped her fists. "Let's go and meet Basa-kun now!"

"I'm already here, you know."

Both her and Rias-san suddenly jolted in surprise at that, and they turned their head to the side to see Basa-kun standing there, at the apartment door adjacent to his, while giving them a flat gaze. He was also shirtless that revealed his fully muscled form looking something out of a model magazine, and Yuki's blush returned when she realized what that meant as she recalled a similar previous meeting with him.

"You should keep your voice down. It's morning, and you're bothering all the neighbors." he continued, looking directly at the redhead.

Rias-san, she noticed, didn't act flustered like her and simply gazed at his shirtless form up and down, before turning to the door he came out from. She then tilted her head. "Huh, but did I get the wrong apartment?"

"No… it's the right one." Yuki squeaked out, unable to look at Basa-kun's direction.

"Eh? But why is he—?"

"A-Ara! What's this, visitors? Is it Yuki-chan again?" a familiar voice called and from behind Basa-kun, Aoki-san's head popped out to look.

The woman looked quite disheveled and sweaty while wearing a sleeveless top. Yuki tried not to think about the way the clothes looked like it was slipping, as if it was just hastily put on, as well as the way she tried to hide the lower half of her body out of view from them.


Spoiler

Yuki would have to be blind to not see what they had just done beyond that door.

The woman looked at her, before turning to Rias-san. Her eyes lit up in surprise. "Oh? And someone new as well!" she gave them a slightly strained smile. "I-It's a bit messy here, so let me fix up a couple of things inside okay? And then we'll have breakfast after. Basa-kun, attend to your ladies, would you?"

The woman then closed the door. Yuki ignored the rustling sounds behind it.

As she did so, she then found herself glancing at Rias-san, who she noticed was suddenly staring intensely at Basa-kun. Yuki stiffened as she realized things might turn messy.

She knew that the girl had a crush for Basa-kun. Discounting the moment when they first met when she had realized that the redhead demon was regularly visiting Basa-kun's office without clothes, she had noticed the small actions that betrayed her feelings towards him. The brightening of her eyes when he talked with her, her constant vies for attention to him, and even earlier, when she had ogled Basa-kun's shirtless self.

If Basa-kun was to be believed about what he said that time, then they didn't have anything going on between them. But right now, it was clear that Rias-san saw that her crush was clearly having… a physical relationship, with someone else. She was going to have to admonish Basa-kun later for doing this when he undoubtedly knew about Rias' affections.

Yuki opened her mouth, trying to dissuade her from doing anything rash—

"You! You could've tried to help me before you left yesterday, you dummy!" Rias shouted. "Don't you have any idea how much scolding I had to sit through!? Why did you edit their memories so that everything is my fault!"

…What?

"It was entirely your fault though." Basa-kun answered.

"Erk! Well, I guess that's true… but you should've at least stayed! And don't even say that you're busy!" she crossed her arms and huffed. "Hmph! You had sex with that woman all night long, didn't you? I could smell the fluids even from here!"

She gaped. That wasn't the natural response at all, was it!?

"Y-You…" Rias-san turned to look at her, and Yuki had to swallow her shock to speak. "You don't seem upset? But aren't you…?" she trailed off.

The girl tilted her head cluelessly. Basa-kun, meanwhile, simply looked at her and seemingly understood her confusion. "What, you thought that Rias would be upset that I was having sex with another person? Don't worry, she's a demon. She won't be." he explained. "Plus, she knows who Aoki is and our relationship for a long time now."

That made her mind screech to a halt. Does that mean her new friend was completely fine with her crush having sex with another woman? T-Then again, she was a demon… Rias did say that they were predisposed to sin, aren't they?

The redhead pouted at that. "What's that supposed to mean? Just because I'm a demon doesn't mean I'm some sort of pervert you know?" Basa-kun raised a brow. "...Okay, I guess as a demon we're predisposed to being sinful. But I'm not that bad! It's just that we don't mind since harems are completely normal in our society!"

H-Harems!?

Her mind pictured the image of Basa-kun's half-naked body getting embraced not only by Aoki-san, but other girls like Rias-san and also h—No, no. She quickly dispelled the image out of her head. She wasn't going to entertain that thought.

It was at that timing that the door behind Basa-kun opened, revealing Aoki-san who cleaned herself up. She still wore the sleeveless top, and thankfully now wore shorts that revealed much of her legs. Unfortunately, much to Yuki's further embarrassment… she could also tell that the woman hadn't worn any underwear underneath it.

"Okay, I've already cleaned up everything!" the woman said with a smile while out of breath, perhaps after cleaning everything inside in haste. It also made… attention grabbing movements on her chest. "We can go inside for breakfast now!"

She looked away from the sight, but Rias-san simply just stared at the woman.

Then she gave Basa-kun a thumbs up. "Nice."

Yuki felt something break in her mind from that response.

Aoki-san tilted her head in confusion before she blinked."Hm…? You look quite familiar… have we met somewhere?" she asked, unsure.

Rias-san took on a thoughtful look. "I think we did?" her face lit up in recognition. "I think I remember! You're the beautiful office lady that I passed by here a while ago! I see, so you're Aoki-san then?"

The woman chuckled at that. "I think I remember that too. A cheery girl with red hair - Rias-chan, correct? You're Basa-kun's classmate and friend… with benefits?" she asked the last part in a teasing tone. "I've been told that you keep appearing in his apartment. I can certainly think of a reason why~!"

Instead of being flustered though, Rias-san pouted at that. "No, just a friend! It's only recently that Basa-kun might be willing to do that to me. He won't even touch me or react at all when I keep appearing naked in his place!" she complained. "I actually thought that he was gay or something at that time, so it was a relief when you had sex with him!"

"Oi, the hell is that supposed to mean?" Basa-kun interjected flatly.

"He could be shy like that. That boy can be so odd in the most unexpected ways." Aoki-san chuckled out. "But if he's willing to do that now, then you're in for a treat!"

"I'm not shy at all."

"You must have plenty of stories about you and him having sex right? Can you tell me how to seduce him? I'd love to know how!" Rias-san asked hopefully.

The woman gave her a bright smile. "I'll be glad to! You know, you can even join us the next time we do it. I'm sure it would be exciting!"

Yuki watched as the two of them entered the apartment, talking animatedly like old friends. She could only be speechless from the sheer brazenness of the two discussing sex like it was a mutual hobby, exchanging ideas and the like, with their subject in earshot while being completely ignored.

Basa-kun, who also remained outside as he watched the two of them, eventually spoke. "Well, that was a surreal sight. Not entirely what I imagined their first meeting would go… but that's perverts for you, I guess." he entered the doorway and glanced back at her. "You going in?"

She looked away. "I-I… yes, I will."

Yuki followed him inside, her eyes looking everywhere aside from Basa-kun, as she couldn't bear to look at his shirtless self as she did so. The idea that he had sex in this place not a few minutes prior, the insinuation of her being part of his harem, as well as the memory of her hugging that same rugged body yesterday made her too embarrassed to even try to.

She… she was getting too flustered for her own good, this morning.

Thankfully, things calmed down when breakfast set down the table, and Yuki finally was able to regain her composure once more.

"Itadakimasu~!" Rias-san said in glee, then took a bite out of her food using chopsticks. She then let out a moan of pleasure that once again made Yuki blush. "Mm! This is really good! My compliments to the chef!"

Aoki-san chuckled at her antics as she sat next to Basa-kun. "I'm glad that you liked it, but you don't have to do it so exaggeratedly you know."

"No, no, it really is good!" the redhead denied as she started eating in gusto. "Man, if I get to eat breakfast like this everyday instead of cooking my own, then we should've met way earlier! I can't believe Basa-kun has been monopolizing this for himself!"

"I have to agree." Yuki said from her own seat as she gracefully ate her own breakfast. "Your cooking was something I was looking forward to since I last visited, Aoki-san."

"It's certainly one of the few reasons why I stuck around her." Basa-kun said with a nod.

The blue-haired woman slapped his shoulder playfully with a giggle. "Mou, are you saying you'd have left me if it weren't for my cooking? Still, it's glad to be appreciated." she turned to Rias-san. "I think we should've met earlier too, you know? It was quite a surprise to see a girl suddenly come up to me after a long day of work and greet me out of nowhere."

The redhead blushed at that, and Yuki had to wonder just what sort of interaction they had when they had met. From what she could glean they had met after the time she had obtained her spirit weapons. Still, with the fact that they were from different genres, does that mean Rias-san manifested the ability like hers and Basa-kun during that?

"I'm sorry, I was just pumped up at the time! I didn't know what I was thinking!" Rias-san apologized, completely embarrassed.

Aoki-san simply waved it away. "Oh don't worry. You didn't do anything wrong. In fact, you reminded me of some girls in my work. Those with the guts and all." her eyes sharpened as she surveyed Rias-san's form. "Hm… I might've even thought you belong with them! Somehow Basa-kun has a great eye for girls, just like Yuki-chan here. If you two weren't Basa-kun's girls then I might've snatched you right up!"

Yuki didn't know what she meant by that, but she was more focused on the latter part. "I-I think you might have the wrong idea, Aoki-san? I'm not in a relationship with Basa-kun at all."

The woman tilted her head, before lighting up in realization. "Oh!" she then winked at her. "Yes, of course, of course. There's nothing happening between the two of you! I'm sorry for that mistake."

"Yup, there isn't!" Rias-san piped up as well. "Isn't that right, comrade?" she also winked at her.

She, for what looked like the hundredth time already, tried to fight down the blush on her face and let out a sigh. "Please stop teasing me."

Aoki-san giggled. "I wasn't teasing though? But alright, I'll stop." she turned to Basa-kun, who was simply eating in peace. "Why didn't you introduce me to Rias-chan earlier? I would've loved to meet a girl like her."

For a moment, Yuki considered that. As Basa-kun had said from her lessons, different settings cannot interact with one another, yet he also detailed that they can touch on each other slightly if they are similar enough. The reason why Aoki-san hadn't met Rias must be because their case was that of the former.

But it's not like he could say that to her—

"I could've but the genre divide wouldn't allow you two to meet. Your settings are way too incompatible for it to happen." he simply answered.

Yuki blinked in surprise.

Aoki-san tilted her head in confusion, before shaking her head with a chuckle as if she was familiar with that type of answer from him. "You boys and your manga… well, if you won't say the reason I won't pry." the woman then glanced to the side, looking further inside her apartment. "Hm, I think the laundry just finished. Let me get that for a moment, okay? You guys keep eating."

She stood up from her seat and left, leaving Yuki along with Basa-kun and Rias-san.

The redhead tilted her head. "Hey, Basa-kun, should you have said that? Now that I think about it, why do you reveal things like that so plainly? Didn't you say to not involve ourselves so that we won't mess things up in the plot?"

Yuki found herself agreeing with her. She hadn't thought about it much due to the many revelations she had and now being busy with training, but she recalled the moments when Basa-kun didn't care about revealing things about the world working like a story, most especially her first meeting with him. He doesn't say it much, probably because he doesn't interact with other people at all, but when he does there are occasions when he just says it so plainly. Rias-san must have undoubtedly known the same as well, probably more than others due to being friends with him for years.

So why do it? Was she missing something?

"It wouldn't have mattered." Basa-kun answered as he kept eating. "It'll get waved off after I bring it up."

Her eyes narrowed in thought. With it being waved off without question like that…

"I see, so you're saying that revealing it counts as a different setting?"

He must have meant that the genre divide was working on it too… which made sense, considering there was no way for them to know that the world worked like a story, as it would involve knowing the existence of other story settings - something the genre dividing phenomenon itself prevents.

In short, there was no actual harm of revealing that the world works like a story since no one would actually believe it. She recalled him saying the same thing when they first met, when she had gained the ability to ignore the boundary between genres and settings like Basa-kun.

Her statement was met with a congratulatory smile. "Correct. Exactly that."

"Really?" Rias-san said in doubt. "I mean, I can recall you saying that different settings won't interact at all, but surely there has to be some limit? I can't imagine the sheer scale of it happening with no one noticing that there's anything wrong."

"Many people certainly lived their life thinking otherwise and you'd be one of them if I wasn't around, so no, that's not the case." Basa-kun replied. "You can try it yourself if you don't believe it though. Try and reveal yourself as a demon to her." he turned to the side, indicating Aoki-san who returned.

Rias-san frowned at that, then turned to look at the woman. "Um, Aoki-san, can you look at me for a moment?"

She turned to her curiously. "Yes? What is it?"

Yuki watched as the redhead's demon wings suddenly unfurled from her back—

The doorbell of the apartment rang.

Aoki-san turned around before she could see the wings. "Hold on, Rias-chan. Let me get that for a moment, okay?" she said, head looking at the direction of the entrance and away from them. "I'll be right back shortly." she then went for the door, leaving them alone once more.

Rias-san looked surprised, and even Yuki felt the same way. There was a few moments of waiting, before Rias-san's wings and tail retracted back to her. Aoki-san then returned not a second after.

"Sorry, there was an old woman visiting who seemed lost and mistook my apartment." she said with a chuckle. "So what was that you were saying again, Rias-chan?"

The redhead snapped out of her surprise, and for a moment she looked like she was about to say something - before she stopped and her eyes turned determined. "Hold on, Aoki-san. Take a look at this." Once again, she unfurled her wings in a fast blur—

The doorbell once more rang at the exact same moment, again taking Aoki-san's attention before she could see Rias-san reveal herself as a demon.

"Oops! I think grandma was a bit confused with the directions I gave her. Let me get that again."

When she left, the room was completely silent. Basa-kun raised a brow at them. "See?"

Yuki could only stare at what she had seen. She had never tested it herself before. It was one thing to hear from Basa-kun that settings avoid one another by coincidences and the like, but seeing it in action was another thing entirely. Fate itself conspired to prevent Rias-san from revealing herself as a demon. It was honestly very disturbing to witness.

Just how much are other people's lives being manipulated without anyone being none the wiser? And to think she was one of those people not too long ago. There were probably a number of times the same thing happened to her.

"That was… weird. And you're saying that normally happens?" Rias-san said worriedly. Then, she perked up as if realizing something. "But wait, why didn't that happen to the witch that I fought? Aren't we from different settings? How can she see my wings and tail?"

Yuki tilted her head curiously. Such a thing had happened? She never really did know what happened in their fight.

"The whole 'coincidence' thing isn't the only way different settings avoid each other; it comes in different levels. You should realize that some settings are similar to one another, while some are outright incompatible." Basa-kun explained. "In the former case, you can get away with a bit of interaction and the effects are a bit more subtle, like not believing it or simply forgetting about them. However, for the latter, that's when the more blatant diversions come in. Aoki-san belongs in a setting where the existence of demons is impossible, hence she cannot see it."

Yuki frowned. "So the witch's setting is similar enough to Rias-san's own? Are they not supposed to belong in the sci-fi genre and not a supernatural one?" she asked.

"There's enough similarity in a way that counts that it could be explained in the witch's setting in a plausible manner." Basa-kun turned to the redhead. "Do you remember what the witch had said?"

Rias-san nodded with a thoughtful look on her face. "She thought that it was just technology and didn't believe I was a demon. The same for my spells too." she recalled. "So unless she becomes like us, she'll only believe that no matter how much we try, is that what you're saying?"

"Yes. The same thing would've happened to you not too long ago, with me introducing the spirit weapons or that magical convenience store I bought ice cream from. Since you clearly believed it I thought it would've been a case of you forgetting it later down the line… but you never did forget it, did you?" Rias nodded at his question. "Well, that settles it. You gained the ability like ours around that time. Maybe even before that."

Yuki furrowed her brows. Now that he had mentioned it…

"Basa-kun, I've been meaning to ask this, but you said that you were monitoring me correct? You'd said something about investigating me gaining an ability similar to yours?" she questioned. "Was there anything you found?"

He hummed at that.

"Right, about that - I was just mainly observing so far. I needed to prepare a bit and think of the process to actually try and determine what caused it and such. I just finished gathering the necessary stuff a couple of days ago… so I guess we're going to find out later, after the teaching session. Might as well be done with it."

After saying his piece, it was at that time that Aoki-san returned once more, letting out a sheepish smile as she did so. "I'm sorry that it took a while, but it's all settled now I think…. Now, where were we again?" she prompted, turning to Rias-san.

"I-I, umm…" the redhead looked unsure of what to say, before a thought visibly crossed her mind. Her eyes hardened and she slammed her hands hard on the table as she stood up from her seat. "I was just going to ask how big Basa-kun's cock is! I never actually saw it!" she shouted in determination.

There was a moment's pause as Yuki tried to comprehend what the girl just said.

"It's pretty big." Aoki-san said with a genial smile on her face.

She covered both her palms on her face to hide another blush that lit up her cheeks, trying to keep up her mask of composure as it looked like the topic will devolve once again into discussing perverted things.

"C-Can we not talk about this? Please?" Yuki squeaked out.

"Yes, can we not? This is sexual harassment." Basa-kun said flatly.

Rias-san looked at him like he was dumb. "That doesn't exist for males, Basa-kun. Are you stupid?"

"...And just for that, I'm doubling your workload today."

"W-Wait, you can't do that! I haven't even started training yet!"

"Ara, training? Did I hear that right? Just what sort of things will you be up to, I wonder~?"

Yuki sighed as she went back to eating and let the background noise simply take her. She didn't think that this sort of interaction would stop soon. In fact, it looked like this would be a very normal thing whenever she's in this household.

She wondered though, if there would be a time that she'll get used to this. Maybe even to the point that she'll join them in their brazenness willingly.

…The fact that a small part of her which thought that maybe it wouldn't be so bad, made her slightly worried about it.

After breakfast with Aoki, I went ahead with my task of training and teaching the heroine, but now with the inclusion of the redhead since she's now joining us.

We moved into a certain room using my spatial magic in the apartment. By unlocking a door with a certain spatial key, we arrived in my designated research and training room, which is where I go whenever I want to test something or practice a move - something that unexpectedly happens together often, which is why I just opted to have my lab and training room combined into one for efficiency.

With that in mind, I made the room into a vast expanse of white space, almost stretching infinitely into the distance. From where the door was is where all my testing equipment was located. A lot of stuff is in here, from mundane testing equipment to advanced magitech machinery that I designed myself. Of course everything here was protected with wards, force fields, and the like so that the equipment wouldn't be affected or in the worst case scenario, damaged by whatever I was doing.

The heroine and the redhead weren't doing anything particularly destructive at this moment though. I had Yuki work on her strength, her practice on her katanas put aside for now, so currently I had her do physical training. I had to take into consideration of her fragile mundane human physiology by virtue of her being a drama character, but by cleverly applying tropes and select spells, the heroine was made stronger for it. Impressively, she didn't voice much complaints as she did her workouts as she did them dutifully.

By contrast, Rias was not doing any action but rather focused on academics. Books about magical theory, martial arts, and advanced technology from different settings, as well as my own notes regarding the narrative and tropes. The girl, despite having the tendency to be an impulsive airhead, actually enjoys learning about this sort of stuff.

I left them alone to focus on my own tasks for the meanwhile.

Humming in thought, I fiddled with the technology in my hands. It was small, resembling a small cube, but it was undeniably an intricate piece of work - After all, what I held was something not belonging to the current era but rather, a piece of technology from the future. More specifically the technology of the witch that fought Rias. I nabbed a piece of it yesterday when I cleaned up Rias' mess before I removed all traces of ourselves from their memories, before outfitting it to my desire.

Right now, this thing could be integrated into the magic and technology systems in place within the room, and all it needed was for me to connect it. A magic circle appeared in front of me when I willed it to existence and I placed the tech right in the middle. It slowly started to sink in, a crackle of energy being produced as it did so, before completely disappearing within the magic circle.

The entire room lurched as the tech connected with the rest of the systems and distracting Yuki and Rias from their tasks. They both looked at me in surprise.

"What was that?" Rias asked.

"That was me improving this room." I answered simply. "If what I did worked, then time should be dilated inside this room in a way that a second outside is equivalent to six minutes here."

Rias blinked before tilting her head in thought.

"Six minutes per second… then a minute would mean six hours. And an hour… around fifteen days?" she muttered as she calculated the values in her mind.

"And a day means a single year." I confirmed.

She gasped. "You turned this room into a Parabolic Time Chamber! Like in Dragon's Ball!"

Yuki, who looked like she took a break and was approaching us, gave a look of confusion. "Pardon? The parabolic what now?"

"You can spend a year here but only a day passes in the real world." I explained to her.

The heroine blinked. "That… sounds incredibly useful."

"It is. Things are going to be much more convenient when it comes to time management."

Not that controlling time was something that I hadn't been able to do. I can do it with magic and by utilizing a great ritual, but I only used it for emergency situations because it's particularly expensive to sustain for a long time due to the materials involved. In contrast, the witch's technology was unique since it just demands a high amount of energy to sustain - something that I could bypass by making use of energy sources from other settings.

Now, I can pack more hours in a single day, and I can fuck around while still having enough time for testing, studying, training. Truly, that setting with the edgelord protagonist was a blessing, especially since I can also devote more of my time with my two students/assistants/test subjects.

Speaking off… I looked at the heroine, who was trying to catch her breath from her workout while covered in sweat. She had developed a more solid physique since the a couple weeks of training, giving her a more toned look.


Spoiler

A magic circle appeared on my side as I summoned my subspace, and I reached inside to get a towel and a bottle of water. Yuki blinked when I offered it to her.

"T-Thank you." she said gratefully before draping the towel around her neck and taking a sip on the bottle.

"You've been improving. How are the weights feeling?" I asked.

She brought the bottle down and rolled her shoulders with difficulty. She frowned. "...It's hard to move. But I suppose that's the point isn't it?"

I shrugged. "It's a full body workout."

Yuki's shounen training is a watered down version of mine. A mystic code I made would make it feel like the body is submerged by a very viscous fluid: it targeted all the muscle groups by making the simple act of moving any muscle hard. And then adding that, Yuki had to also workout by doing pushups, situps, and the like. A passive healing spell would then heal the microtears on her muscle fibers to increase strength results and lead to rapid muscle gains. Of course, nutrition and the like had to be monitored due to the rapid growth, but that would be offset with alchemical pills and potions that I will provide her. The process was hard but effective.

Although compared to what I subjected myself to, her training was far simpler and accommodating. There were no blood spilled or tears shed at all. It wasn't like she's in a hurry to become stronger anyway... although I did notice that there was a flash of an hesitation on her face, as if she wants to say something, before it disappeared. A normal person would've missed it before it was buried by her neutral mask. However, I was long since used with dealing with reading the heroine's expressions after spending plenty of times with her.

"What's up?" I prompted, making her pause.

"...I still don't understand how this could get me to superhuman levels of strength like you claimed." Yuki admitted. "Even if I keep doing this, muscles have limitations and my strength will eventually plateau. Perhaps that might not be the case for those in the action genre, but you said so in your lessons that as a school drama character my body works in a more realistic manner. Wouldn't that make this exercise futile?"

"Ahh, right right. You only need to be patient since you'll get there. It doesn't matter if you have a more realistic physiology than those from action because you're pretty much an exception to it now. With enough time it wouldn't really matter." at her doubtful look, I shook my head. "Did you really think I was born strong? I wasn't born to be part of an action setting, you know."

Rias perked up at that. "You weren't? But you were pretty strong when we fought as kids!" she shouted in surprise.

"And that should give an idea of how effective the training is."

The heroine looked at me consideringly. "How long did you train to get stronger? Years?"

I raised a brow. "Who said I stopped?"

A snap of a finger, and a simple modification on the effects of my own mystic code, to which I still have with me, was transferred for less than a hundredth of a millisecond unto them. They're breath left their lungs as they felt the absurd crushing weight that would've undoubtedly smashed any living being into a pulp in just a single moment, before disappearing just as fast.

Both Yuki and Rias gave me wide-eyed looks.

"That was the result of me incrementally increasing the weight of the mystic code. Once things got easier, I kept increasing the weight until it got harder. Again and again I repeated it - until I reached a level where I could withstand the pressure at the bottom of the ocean and feel not a single thing." I said to them. "Power can be earned through effort. It is not a naive thought, as there is an actual force in the world that supports that fact. The more you put in hard work, the more you will receive in return. You only need to work smart with shounen tropes and have the correct mindset, and your limitations will be surpassed. Make sure to remember that."

Yuki looked down at her hands in thought, before turning back to me and giving me a nod. Good.

Rias also looked thoughtful. "Hey, Basa-kun. Can I also have that too? I want to try that sort of training as well."

"Sure, I'll give it to you later." I answered with a shrug. "For now though, I think we should stop the training session. Let's move to the more important stuff."

They perked up. "Are you finally going to test us?" Yuki asked.

My answer was to wave them onto a table within the research area, to which they approached and sat down. As they did so, I brought out something that I've been working on these past few days and put it on the table.

It looked like a crystal ball, the ones used by stereotypical fortune tellers. The two girls looked at it curiously.

"Alright." I started. "We'll use this thing."

"Is that a crystal ball?" Rias asked.

"No, it's a clairvoyant retro-precognitive device in the form of a crystal ball. It took a while for me to steal— er, borrow this. Not like the particular setting will ever touch it again in their plot anyway." I ignored the flat look aimed my way by the two girls. "Moving on, we're going to use it to view your fates and see the moment things differ from how they're supposed to be. That way, we'll be able to determine when you… hm, let's call it turning 'meta'."

"The moment we turned into meta characters… I see. That label does certainly fit." Yuki muttered, before looking at me in question. "But I don't see how reading our fate would let us know when we turned 'meta', as you say. Aren't there plots where fate is involved but still get broken? I believe the shounen genre has plenty of it."

"Good question. It's one that I haven't really discussed with you yet, but I suppose now is as good a time as any to explain it." I replied. "You see, there are many different types of fate whose mechanism depends on the setting they are in. I refer to that as 'Story fate'. Story fate, as you pointed out, doesn't necessarily get followed because some characters break out of it within their story… but the thing is, beyond those fates is another type of fate. Something higher than all of them."

The two girls were raptly listening to my explanation, and I continued.

"Imagine a ball rolling down a hill, or dominoes toppling from end to end. One action causes another, leading to a deterministic path, and could eventually form a sort of 'fate' or 'destiny'. The same goes for tropes. Tropes are patterns, one that determine the path of a story, and hence you can form a 'Narrative fate' which follows the story's plot itself. In a world run by stories, this sort of fate is immutable, undetectable, and absolute… with only certain exceptions who can break it."

"Us." Yuki concluded, her sharp mind immediately grasping the implications.

"Exactly. Aside from our ability to ignore the genre divide, we also don't act in the way the plot expects us to. And so, viewing the moment you two didn't follow the narrative fate was the moment you would've turned meta." I patted the crystal ball with my hand. "Now normally such a thing is impossible as narrative fate is, again, supposed to be undetectable - but if you know what you're doing you can attempt to do so. Adding certain parameters on divination and fate-prediction spells as well as utilizing technology that allows simulations of the future can make it possible. This device has been modified by yours truly to do exactly that."

Because different settings synergize it allows for things that are supposed to be impossible. Still, it always takes a lot of time and effort out of me to get the effects I want. Whenever I try to make two things from different settings I essentially am acting as a pioneer connecting two isolated disciplines.

"I see, that's certainly interesting." Rias said as she looked at the object in fascination. "I didn't think that you could modify spells in such a way as well. So we can use it to predict any future, provided we don't interact with the plot at all?"

"It's not a hundred percent certain in its simulations due to stuff like the Halting problem or the Uncertainty principle, but it is pretty accurate. Provided meta characters like you don't interact with the plot too much." I explained. "Minimal interactions are still okay, since the narrative fate would influence the character to still follow it. I wouldn't have interacted with you at all if that was the case since things would snowball from that. And yes, I've been using it to determine the fate of people in their plot. It is a very useful spell that you'll be using as well."

I shook my head.

"But enough of that. Now, put your hand on the crystal ball so we can take a look."

The two girls looked at each other, a wordless conversation passing between them, before Rias inclined her head towards it. Nodding, Yuki reached out for the crystal ball. With just a touch the device had activated, and a nebulous swirl appeared inside the glass before solidifying into definite forms. These then eventually turned detailed enough to show us a scenery that depicted the heroine.

She was early inside the classroom, reading a book by herself.

"Ohh!" Rias let out a sound of amazement.

Beside her, Yuki instead looked confused as she looked at what was shown. "Was this the moment I turned meta? Me reading a book?"

"No, as I said it's viewing your narrative fate. This is what you would've been doing in the present if you still followed it. We'll be backtracking to where things start to not match up."

"I see."

Yuki then frowned as she watched her counterpart pick up her phone when it suddenly rang, indicating a received message. For a brief moment the name 'Kaede' can be seen… that was the genki girl, if I remember correctly. Nevertheless, instead of replying back we watched as her counterpart put it down, ignoring it.

"...I suppose this also means that things were still difficult for us in the club." the heroine surmised bitterly.

"You don't have to look so down. it doesn't really matter anyway - you already dealt with it." I pointed out.

"No, I…" she paused for a moment, then sighed. "...I suppose you are right. It just hits different to see what would actually happen if things didn't happen the way they went."

"It's okay, Yuki. You have us now!" Rias said to cheer her up. I could tell the redhead wasn't entirely aware of Yuki's circumstance, but the girl was as supportive of her friends as ever.

It didn't go unappreciated and Yuki smiled at her. "Thank you, Rias-san. I suppose I was fortunate to have met you and Basa-kun." she paused, then gained a thoughtful look. "...Going back on track though, I suppose we should start at the time we met at the park?"

"It certainly is the most likely moment." I agreed as I fiddled with the crystal ball. The events then started to rewind, before eventually going back to the time of our first meeting. "Here."

This time, the heroine was walking away from school with a forlorn look on her face. She passed by the park as she did so and she spared it a glance… before continuing her walk, not even entering it. Bingo, we have our point of difference.

"So this was it, huh. Nice to finally have some confirmation." I muttered.

"So that was the park where you encountered the stray demon, right? The one that led you to Basa-kun." Rias said.

"Yes. I guess I wasn't supposed to enter it after all." Yuki confirmed.

"Anything odd that happened before that? Did you feel anything?" I asked the heroine.

She took a moment to think through her answer, but in the end she shook her head. "Nothing. I was considering at that moment whether or not I should go to the park, and it was honestly just a whim that I did. Then again, during that time I'm not aware of my magic circuits or had any experience with meditation to even feel any possible changes, so there might've been something I missed."

Rias raised her hand. "I actually felt something!"

I raised a brow. "You did?"

"Yep! It was weird… kind of like I was pushing through a wall. Then when it happened I saw those witches fighting in the sky!" she moved towards the crystal ball. "Here, let me try."

Like the heroine, the image displayed on it changed after Rias touched it, and the redhead seemed to have paid attention to how I operated it as she rewinded the events herself. However, once she reached that exact moment she was referring to, she stopped in confusion.

"Wait." she said, tone unsure. "This wasn't where I was at the time."

Rias wasn't outside, but rather in that little mansion of theirs. She was just lazing around inside her room while reading manga. Perfectly in character for her, except it clearly wasn't what she was doing during that moment.

"Shouldn't this show me outside? I felt something happen during that moment, so why…?"

I hummed, before deciding to remind her a little fact. "Remember what I said earlier during breakfast? You shouldn't have been able to interact with Aoki-san, yet somehow you did."

Her eyes widened. "So it must've been at that time! Hold on… oops, let me just…"

Rias clumsily tried to control the rewinding but she jumped past too much, revealing some moments where we interacted before the heroine had appeared when she tried to fast-forward things. Naturally, I could spot the effects of my presence causing some differences in her actions on select occasions, particularly whenever she wanted to hang out or just bother me, but despite that most of her actions still matched the narrative's afterwards. Minimal interference, just as I said earlier. Not enough to claim that she turned meta during those moments.

"Aha! Here's the… huh?"

She then arrived at the exact time she supposedly interacted with Aoki. Unexpectedly though, it's still far from what the crystal ball was showing.

Because, again, she was in her room lazing around while reading manga.

The redhead slammed her hands on the table."Why!? Why am I just lazing around!? At least do something productive!"

My eyes narrowed at the crystal ball and considered what I saw. "Hm, strange. It looks like beyond that point you don't really follow the narrative at all. Perhaps try before that?"

The redhead pouted but did so. "Okay…"

Another rewind and my eyes tracked out the events. Rias then stopped at a moment where she was still in the mansion but instead of just wasting time, it looks like she was contemplating something.

"Ah, here! This was when I was thinking of visiting you by teleporting inside your apartment, Basa-kun! And it looks like things start to get very different from here!" the redhead said. Then, she tilted her head. "Eh? But wouldn't that mean that this was when I turned meta? Isn't that strange?"

"That's a couple of days before the time you said you felt something within you." Yuki considered. "If the times didn't match, then what did she feel?"

I hummed. "What indeed?"

The heroine's eyes narrowed at me. "Do you know something?"

"I couldn't say. The metafication process might be a gradual thing, hence what happened to Rias, or it could happen at once like your sudden awakening." I commented. "The mechanism might be entirely random or has a certain criteria. Maybe it was made to be this way on purpose. Who knows?"

The heroine looked puzzled. "On purpose…? What do you mean?"

I waved a hand away dismissively. "Just a few hypotheses, nothing solid. I doubt I'll be able to form anything that holds up right now. Quite a lot of things to investigate still." I said. "The only thing I'm sure about is that this whole thing has something about me, which I'm sure is quite obvious."

Rias let out a considering noise. "Hmm… me and Yuki are people who have interacted with you, and you're originally the person who gained this ability. I guess that makes sense."

"I was actually suspecting the same thing as well." Yuki said. "Do you believe that it spreads with you as a source? Like… a virus?"

"Perhaps. The only way to tell is to see if the next person to suddenly gain the ability was the one I suspect." I glanced back at the crystal ball. "Still, this isn't enough. I'm going to have to ask you to give me an account of what you remember doing and what you felt when you turned meta, before and after the event."

Yuki nodded dutifully. In contrast, Rias let out a depressed sigh as she stared at her counterpart on the crystal ball, which still continued playing the events. "Hah… I can't believe that I was supposed to be lazing around doing nothing. I actually trained with my club during that time, you know? And I plan to do more now to make up for lost time as a terrible leader. It's actually pretty insulting to see that this was what I was meant to do."

"That might not even be your fault. A proactive leader would mean that there would be nothing for the protagonist to fix. You are meant to do nothing, because it would mean that the protagonist would be able to do something." I commented.

She shook her head. "That doesn't excuse my laziness. I certainly did feel like I made those choices." her eyes hardened. "But that just means that I need to work even harder!"

Yuki looked at her in concern. "But wouldn't your responsibilities with us make it difficult? I certainly spent a lot of time with Basa-kun and barely have hours to freely spend now." then she paused, seemingly realizing something, and turned to me. "Actually, you're busier than me by a large margin. How do you monitor all these plots and still have time to talk to us?"

"I have my ways to manage time." I explained. "Things like my thought partition technique, which allow me to multitask quite heavily, and maybe even a couple of clones if I'm particularly busy. If I'm desperate I can manipulate time with magic but I don't really need to do that since the upgrade in this room. Things will be much easier for me now because of this place actually." the two of them blinked as they recalled that yes, this place can let you do a year's worth of tasks in one day. "But what I think is the most important thing in managing my time is focusing on the important plots while ignoring the nonessential ones."

"How? I never asked, but how do you actually know which ones are important? Or even where to find them?" Yuki continued to question.

"I won't bore you with the details but I have systems in place. One that will observe the narrative fate of different plots, sort, and filter it so that I'll be left with ones that are actually important since it might affect the lives of many people. You can think of it as something along the lines of an email spam detection. Of course, I also do manual investigation and surveillance, like the city and other select places which I consider hotspots for those sorts of plots. I even hacked and infiltrated secret organization and government databases to see what they have as well."

"G-Governments!? Secret organizations!?" Rias' eyes lit up in excitement.

Yuki meanwhile simply looked at me with a neutral expression. "I assume you'll also teach us all about it?"

"In due time." I confirmed.

As I said that, in a moment of plothook-worthy coincidence, my phone received a message. The notifying sound echoing and making us pause.

I took my phone out and my eyes narrowed as I read the information. "Speaking of the devil."

The heroine connected the dots immediately. "...Do you mean that your alert system is on your phone?" she said incredulously.

"It's convenient." I then stood up from my seat. "Anyway, we'll stop our testing for now. Get yourself ready - We're going to have a field experience."

The two girls stood up as well. Rias looked excited by the prospect of an adventure, while Yuki simply gave me a questioning look. "What are we going to do? And where are we going?"

"A new plotline started, one that the system notified which could potentially affect the world itself. And as for where we are going…"

I stared at the information on my phone, or more specifically, the location. It was somewhere familiar, and at no point is it a coincidence why this was the case.

With the way things look right now… it appears that my predictions on who'll get a sudden case of turning meta would be accurate after all.

"We're going to an idol agency." I revealed.

"The one where Aoki-san works at."
Last edited: Feb 17, 2024
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sir_dood134, Fungod, leks and 2,046 others
Skrubchap
Feb 17, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Mar 2, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,297
Okay, this chapter got a bit out of hand with how big it got… does this count as 2 chapters? Anyway, might need to lower word count for faster updates.

Chapter 12

Deep breath…

Take a deep, deep breath.

It was right there. The place was within her sights, and she only needed to walk over there so that it may all start. It was just a sight of it yet her heart was beating wildly at the prospect of going inside. She couldn't move her legs, the hesitation and nervousness inside her warring and overwhelming the paltry resolve she had gathered just so she could bring herself here.

She gazed at the name displayed at the large building, staring at the logo that would be act as the catalyst .. for her journey.

LOVE☆Doll Productions.

A well known talent agency, one filled with big names in the entertainment industry.

What was she thinking, going to this place? Will she even be allowed inside? A lonely, untalented mess like her with nothing except a guitar and a dream? What if they took one look at her and decided to throw her out? What if they laughed at her instead?

She wanted to be an idol, but she didn't know if she had the strength to do it. It was pathetic that a weak-hearted coward like her who couldn't even have a proper conversation with those from her own school was even attempting to do something like this. The odds are so stacked against her that it wasn't even funny.

The Cardboard Box. She wanted to go back to the Cardboard Box! It was safe, it was unjudging, and most importantly - far away from here!


Spoiler

Yet despite The Promised Land calling out for her, beckoning her to get as far away as possible, Hitori Yumemi found herself rooted in the spot.

Was she insane? Perhaps. Maybe being alone for a long time made her mind finally snap. Even as she questioned herself right now, feeling herself burning hot as if sick and her stomach wanting to hurl its contents…. actually, she really felt like vomiting. S-Should she go to the restroom? Does she even deserve to be in the restroom? Will the restroom even accept her?

T-This is bad. Other people were staring at her. Why is that? Oh, she was dry heaving in the middle of the sidewalk with her hands planted on the ground. That's strange—

—She smashed her head on the pavement.

"No!"

No, she shouldn't make a scene right now! That's the last thing she should do!

Look at these poor pedestrians! They're looking at her like she's completely crazy! The next thing will happen is that they'll record her and she'll be viral online! Wait, isn't that just becoming famous like a idol but with extra steps—No, no wait. That's different!

She… she should try to calm herself down. A drink! Yes, she needed to take a drink. A drink sounds good right now to fix her suddenly dry throat. And if she puked right now it would mean she wouldn't puke later right? Right!?

Her hands disappeared into her bag and tried to grab the water bottle she bought on her way here. Her hands were shaking furiously as she did so, and even taking the cap off was difficult as she tried to curb her rising panic.

"—Ah!"

Yet somehow, she failed a task as simple as that. She shouldn't be surprised.

From her nervous clutches she fumbled the cap off, while also somehow managing to make the bottle slip off her hands. She yelped in surprise as it sailed in the air… before hitting another pedestrian walking just past her, dousing them fully.

The pedestrian stopped for a moment, looking down at his wet clothes, and to the bottle that rolled to the sole of his shoes… Before turning around to look straight at her.

She stiffened.

"A-Ah…"

It was over. Everything was so over. She hadn't even gone inside it and everything had gone wrong already.

Out of all the people that she spilled water to, somehow it had to be a delinquent. A gyaru-oh with tanned skin and blonde hair, along with a clearly fit body on a large frame; they looked like the very stereotype of the person she was told to avoid in school at all cost.

And now that type of person is approaching her.

Hitori had to look up as he towered over her from their sheer height difference. She can only whimper as she was left standing in front of the person she had wronged. Her legs were locked in place, like a pathetic deer caught facing a deadly predator.

Mother, father… it appears that your daughter's life will end. If you deem it worthy to spend some money for the funeral, then I beseech you to bury your daughter's body within her precious box. And to also clear away your daughter's browser history. Your daughter will be waiting for you in another world.

And so she stood there, waiting for her life to end—

"You okay there? You seem a bit shaken up."

She blinked.


Spoiler

The gyaru-oh that stood in front of her didn't face her with an angry expression but rather a slightly concerned one. Gazing at his face she noticed that he didn't look as scary as she imagined - he looked rather fair-looking actually - and although he looked like a delinquent, it also wouldn't be too out of place for him being a model that just played with the particular niche of being tall, dark, and handsome.

The man extended his hand, offering the bottle that she spilled at him. Hitori absent-mindedly took it.

"...A-Ah, I'm…" her eyes widened as she suddenly realized what she did and she immediately bowed her head. "I-I'm very sorry! I didn't mean to—!"

"It's fine, no need." he interrupted. There was no anger in his tone, but that just made the guilt and shame within her worse. She made to apologize again but he spoke before she could open her mouth. "By the way, do you mind if I ask you something?"

Hitori straightened. "Y-Yes?" she paused. "I-I meant, um, you can ask! Please ask away!"

He raised a brow from her high-strung reaction, making her cringe from embarrassment. Nevertheless he ignored it and continued to speak again. "Cool. I was just going to ask if you know the directions to a talent agency around this place? It's called… Love doll, or something."

Her eyes widened. He wanted to go to the talent agency too? Could she be right in her earlier thought that the person right in front of her was some kind of model!? Was this person like her, trying out their luck in the entertainment industry!?

…He'd probably have a better chance than her, to be honest. He certainly had the looks for it, as well as the social skill to affably deal with strangers who spilled water at them. Comparing him to her… it was as if she was but a candle in the face of the sun.

Ha… She was really pathetic…

"...Did she just turn monochrome? What's with this girl." he muttered, scrutinizing her face. Why was he…?

She blinked as she realized that she had been standing there in a daze while completely absorbed in her thoughts. Blushing in embarrassment she immediately answered what he had asked. "A-Ah! You want to go to the talent agency!? T-The building is over there!" she pointed on the place she was gathering her courage to step foot on. "Y-You can see their company ."

He looked at her oddly, then shook her head. "...I suppose it is." he said in thought. Then he gave her a polite nod. "Thanks."

With that he turned around, approaching the building and leaving her there.

"U-Um!" she found herself speaking before he could go far.

He glanced back at her once more, and Hitori swallowed her nervousness to say the question on her lips. "E-Excuse me… but are you going to apply yourself there? Like a male idol?" she asked.

"A male idol? Me…?" she expected him to say yes, but for some reason the man gained this sour look on his face as if the thought repulsed him. He then shook his head. "No, I just have some stuff to do there. I'm not applying myself as a talent."

"O-Oh…" she didn't know what to say to that.

He then gave her a curious look. "Why? Was there something?"

She opened her mouth and for a moment, she considered answering his question and telling him of her troubles. About how she was trying to gather her courage to become an idol, but was having such a hard time doing so because she is painfully aware of how pathetic she was. About how she thought that the person right in front of her was trying to apply as well and how she thought about talking with him, out of some effort to stave off the nervousness of going there.

But the fact that telling her dream, venting, and trying to depend on the person she had spilled water to however, stopped her from doing anything more shameful.

Hitori closed her mouth with a grimace. No, she had already inconvenienced this person quite enough. There was no need to do it any further. "N-Nevermind. I apologize for—"

"Let me guess. You have a dream to become an idol right?"

Her eyes widened and she looked at the man in front of her in surprise. "E-Eh?"

"I can tell that you want to be an idol. So, what's the problem? Are you having the jitters? Can't take the first step?" he continued blandly, further surprising her by saying her worries right out of his own mouth.

"H-How…?"

He hummed. "You look like main character material. The awkward, nervous type. An underdog story perhaps?" he gave her a scrutinizing look, before he shrugged. "Anyways, you don't have to worry about failing to be an idol."

She didn't know what he had meant, but with how nervous and desperate she was with trying to gain the slightest courage to set foot in the talent agency, her mind latched on more to the last part of what he had said. "I-I don't have to worry? What do you mean…?"

"It means exactly what I said." he replied. "I'm not really the person to say this but I might as well; just go apply to that talent agency and be an idol. It'll be difficult, but as long as you persevere and continue despite all of it, then things will be fine."

He stared at her straight in the eye, making Hitori stiffen in place as it felt like he was staring at her soul, judging it in its entirety. Then he spoke once more.

"And though you may get weak-hearted from a lot of things… hard work is the one thing that you don't lack. Isn't that the case, pink-haired girl that I don't know?"

…There were many things that she felt from his words. A part of it was confusion regarding the person right in front of her, because he acted as if he was familiar with her despite being a stranger that she didn't know, and the things he said were by itself very confusing and vague.

Yet the other things that she felt, the majority of it, was directed towards herself.

His words struck something within her, a realization within her own being that pierced through the doubt that ate inside. Yes, it was true that she was pathetic compared to others, but she had worked hard for this. Harder than anything else. And that hard work wouldn't betray her now. She only needed to take her first steps… to make it show its results.

It was in the midst of that reflection when she realized that the person she was talking to was already walking away. Her eyes widened and she cupped her hands to the sides of her mouth.

"U-Um…!" she shouted out loud, ignoring the other pedestrians turning their heads at her. She hated attention but that sort of thing didn't matter right now. Hitori bowed deeply in his direction. "T-Thank you very much!"

In response to her gratitude, he just waved a hand without looking back. It was when he disappeared within the sea of bodies who were also walking down the street and Hitori lost her sight of him that she brought her hands down.

"Just who was that person…?" she said in thought, before grimacing as she realized something. "I should've at least asked for his name…"

Just as she said that however, a familiar cheerful voice called out to her.

"Hitori-chaaaaaan!"


Spoiler

She turned around to see a familiar blonde waving to her with a happy smile on her face. She squeaked when the girl ran over to hug her. "N-Nijika-san!"

Too tight…! She was hugging her too tight! Can't breathe!

"You came! I'm really happy that you did!" the girl said happily, seemingly not noticing her sudden lack of air. Then she turned to look at the side. "See!? I told you that she would come!"

A blue-haired girl that was walking beside the blonde came up to them. "I didn't say that she wouldn't though." she said with a cool smile on her face. She then gave Hitori a nod. "Good to see you here, Hitori-chan."


Spoiler

"Ryo-san, help me…!" she tried to let out desperately.

The cool girl blinked and took a closer look at her state of being crushed by Nijika-san… before giving her a thumbs up. Why!? "Looks like you can put up receiving hugs now. Good job." she congratulated. "You can do better than having your face look like it's being strangled though."

It's not 'looking like'—she really was being strangled! In fact, her head feels like it's starting to pop!

Pop!

Oh it did.

"—Ah! Her head popped! Sorry Hitori-chan!"

Nijika-san let her go and Hitori immediately took a deep breath, then when she gave a quick look at the blonde she realized that Nijika-san had done the same. There was a nervous and hesitant expression on her face, and Hitori realized that her friend was also afraid of what would happen once they set foot in the talent agency. It looks like her tight embrace was something she'd done out of stress.

Her friend gave her an apologetic smile. "Sorry about that, Hitori-chan. It's just that it's so different now that we're here you know?" she turned to the direction the building was in. "I'm kinda getting scared to go in…"

Her eyes sharpened. "But it doesn't mean I'll give up now! We worked hard for this!" she pumped her fist. "Let's go and do our best, everyone!" she said determinedly.

Behind the blonde, Ryo-san nodded, and Hitori found herself doing the same.

The stranger's words echoed in her mind, mirroring what Nijika-san had said. It was right - even if she hadn't had the confidence for herself, she could at least have the confidence for the hard work that she put; the sweat and tears they shed just to get to this day.

Her heartbeat quickened, but this time it wasn't out of nervousness, but rather anticipation.

Today was the day they would be idols.

"Yes!" she said. "Let's go!"

I glanced away as the girl that gave me directions met up with her friends.

…Man, that was some Looney Toons shit.

A bit of a rarity to see; in anime world, cartoonish effects usually limit themselves as a popped vein to indicate anger, a comically large hump of bandage to indicate injury, or teleporting gags that don't make sense like someone appearing behind you. It usually appears in comedy genres, but as seen with that girl, the effects do get a bit out of hand sometimes.

No one would notice anything wrong with it though as the effects just played for laughs. Gags are harmless, and any attempts of weaponizing it (trust me, I've tried) is also useless as genuine harm is the antithesis of comedy. Very freaky stuff to witness in real time, but as far as I know only I can percieve it… which also might include Yuki and Rias from now on, actually.

Might need to warn them before they encounter something like that and freak out though.

Still, it looked like the girl had her nervousness under control, because from what I saw earlier it looked like she was about to faint from how anxious she was. It was a bit of a surprise to suddenly interact with her due to my character trait manifesting itself suddenly but I managed to maneuver how things went smoothly and made events go as the plot would've dictated - all while keeping minimal interaction.

I would stick in her mind for a while but keeping away from her storyline would devolve me into a one-time character. Then, the underdog story of a girl failure only talented in music striving to be an idol would continue. Best of luck for her - hopefully she'd make a good enough career for herself to earn a spot in my music playlist.

—Nevertheless, there are more important things that I need to put my attention to right now.

Idly, I felt the presence of the two people I was waiting for. After informing them with the details provided by the alert system, I instructed them to go and prepare for this particular task because it could take longer than a few hours to deal with as I prepared things for our absence for school. Then, I told them that we'd meet up at the destination itself.

I glanced to the side to see the heroine and the redhead walk towards me. Both of them wore casual clothing that they changed into much like he did, because going in uniform in this building would just attract undue attention.

"Hey, Basa-kun!" Rias greeted as she went near. Then, when she stopped right in front of me, she put her hands on her hips and presented herself with a confident smirk on her face. "So? What do you think?"


Spoiler

I looked over at her clothes: a sweater that showed off her midriff and pants that hugged her waist tightly. The redhead was clearly beautiful due to her demonic physiology, having a sinfully sexy body with a pretty face to match, and the clothes only served to highlight it. And judging by the many heads turning her way, those people thought the same.

"You look pretty." I said honestly, making the girl beam in response. "Although, maybe cast a minor presence concealment spell? Attracting attention would defeat the point of keeping a low profile."

"Hm, I guess it does. How did the spell go again…?" she furrowed her brow as she recalled the spell from my notes on other settings, then started casting it. Her body glowed a bit and I watched as the spell visibly worked its magic as the heads looking at her turned away.

"Okay, done!" she said, satisfied with her spell casting.

I then glanced at the heroine who silently nodded her head in greeting at me.


Spoiler

Unlike Rias who showed off her body, Yuki opted for a more reserved clothing, wearing an off-shoulder dress which still showed her innate grace and beauty as a heroine. She looked like a princess and much like Rias she was also turning heads, but not much so because of her modest attire. She looks just as beautiful as the idols that went in and out the building we stood in front of, if not more so.

Still, she had an uncomfortable expression on her face. I raised a brow, knowing why that was the case.

"You're still worried about skipping class?" I asked.

She shook her head. "I understand why we need to be here. I already studied the lessons in the curriculum in advance so I won't miss anything… I'm just worried about the doppelganger you left in my place. What if something happens?"

Ah, I suppose she would be concerned about that. As I said, the task might take longer than the half hour errands we did in the past couple of weeks so we just skipped school, but since the heroine lacked the ability to create clones like I do and multitask with parallel thoughts, I created a doppelganger to act as her during class instead.

It's understandable to worry what it would do when she's gone. It was only yesterday that she fixed her problem with her clubmates after all - and though there were sweet and heartfelt words exchanged, as school drama characters there will still be undoubtedly realistic awkwardness left that had to be treated with caution. A wrong word and the whole interaction yesterday would be considered duplicitous, and Yuki would be back at square one - if not worse. She didn't want the doppelganger messing that up when she was out here.

"You don't have to worry about that." I assured her. "They're perfect replacements; a facsimile of your soul that came from the same setting as your spirit weapons. They'd do what you would do without exception and your friends wouldn't notice a difference."

"But it's a lesser copy of what I am, correct? That's what you said in your explanation of it."

"If someone were to examine its soul then they would see the shade of yours, but on the surface level there's no actual difference. If you're worried about it saying something you wouldn't because it's 'lesser', don't be, since it's more like a mirror than a being. You can also find out what happened to them since you can transfer the memories to yourself once you go back." I explained. "I have my clone looking out for your doppelganger as well. Of course, it would be much better for you to do what I did with clones, but you'd have to settle with this for now."

"Or better yet, just make it possible to skip whenever there's work to do! It's certainly what I did in our school whenever there's something hell-related showing up. Sona would just wave off me being absent and create an appropriate excuse for it!" Rias piped up. "It's what I did today, actually."

"That's another option, but I prefer not changing things if I don't have to. It's much more convenient for me to pretend that I'm attending class rather than making a system like that… Plus it only works for you guys since your work comes occasionally. If I were to do that then I'd be absent almost all the time."

I shook my head.

"Anyway, enough about that. Are you guys ready?"

The two girls nodded. With that, we entered inside the talent agency building. We appeared before a busy lobby, filled with people that I recognized as employees, talents, or newcomers who'd like to apply. As one of the more well-known talent agencies I suppose it makes sense.

Rias made a noise beside me. "Wow… it's so full of people. Things must be really busy if there's this much even during the morning." she commented.

"I've researched this place beforehand. This talent agency is a popular choice for those trying to get a hand in the talent industry, so it would be expected for them to have this many people." Yuki agreed, before turning to me. "May I ask how we will be doing this? You said that a plot that could affect the world started here, but not much else."

"The information was vague, especially about the threat itself. As I said, reading narrative fate has a bit of inaccuracies here and there, but what is definitely confirmed is that a potential world-affecting scenario will occur in the plot line. One that we need to concern ourselves with anyway." I explained as I continued walking, with the two girls following beside me listening closely. "All of it points towards one person who'd act as the catalyst - an idol known as Terumi Fuuka."

We walked past the lobby then further into the building, and we weren't stopped despite us not being part of the talent agency. I didn't even have to use magic; it was the natural response for a person to not suspect us so long as we acted like we belong here. The fact that both Yuki and Rias looked like models who look at home here also help immensely.

"Terumi Fuuka? Who's that?" Rias asked.

"...I believe I remember an idol who has that name." Yuki said in thought. "A particularly well-known idol with a solid fan base. I remember Kaede-san mentioning her in passing. She's a fan of her songs."

"Let's go and find her then! Who knows, maybe we could get an autograph for your friend!" Rias piped up. Then, she blinked as we passed by a room which looked like a studio. "Wait, is that…?"

I glanced at where she was looking and immediately understood her confusion. The studio was currently in use by what looked like an idol group practicing a dance performance. At first glance there's nothing unusual, but if one were to be versed in the supernatural, it would immediately be apparent that one of the idols there was exuding magic as if keeping up a spell. A basic transformation spell, specifically.

And if looked past it, it would reveal that the girl has fox ears and a tail.

"Oh? A fox girl youkai." I pondered. "Neat."

"What's with that underwhelming response!? What is a youkai doing in a place like this!?" Rias shouted as she looked at the idol in caution. "We should evacuate these people before she—Ow!"

I brought down the hand I flicked her forehead with.

"Calm down. She's not going to hurt anyone." I said flatly. "She's clearly a youkai that wants to be an idol or something. Leave her alone."

She rubbed her forehead and looked up to me with a pout. "...How would you know that? Youkai are pretty sadistic creatures. I've fought one myself. She could be waiting for the right time to eat them or something."

"Did you forget that what's in your setting doesn't apply for the rest? As you can see there are perfectly decent yokai." I retorted. "And that goes for you demons as well, you know? Other settings summon the worst of your kind and paint you as such, even when demons like you exist." I added, making the redhead blink.

"I suppose it should be expected that a talent agency like this would hold different settings, much like schools." Yuki commented as we went past the studio and continued walking.

"Yep." I glanced around and we passed a lobby slightly filled with people. It appears that we've gathered in the middle of some mass rehearsal for a big event. Still with this amount of people… I spotted something particularly interesting. "There. See those girls over there?" I said, nodding my head in their direction.

The two girls turned to look at who I was referring to. Two girls, one with green hair that sported a jovial expression, and the other with black hair and glasses who listened to her cheery friend with a cool look. With how beautiful they are, it's easy to see that they're one of the idols here, and I think I saw the black-haired girl on TV at one point.

Rias narrowed her eyes. "Wait a minute… there's something strange about them…"

"Well, yeah. They're aliens."

Yuki let out a choked noise and Rias' head snapped towards me with wide eyes.

"A-Aliens!?" she looked back at those two girls, then back to me. "T-They're real!? Like, they came from a different planet!?"

"Yes, they are." I then keep pointing at other groups of girls. "Then those ones are also youkai, the ones right next to them are probably magical girls… and the group right there at the back are zombies, for some reason. Huh, interesting. I don't sense any necromancy and they aren't infected by diseases either. A new way to make undead with technology? That's a new one."

The two girls are speechless as they look at the idols, who seem to acknowledge one another but are completely unaware of the differences in their settings due to the genre divide. Of course there are some mundane people mixed in, majority of them even, and they interacted with each other with the bubbly 'friendship is magic' tone that lighthearted cutesy anime usually have.

As I considered that though, I felt a presence approach from behind.

"Excuse me?" a voice called out.

I glanced back and saw a girl standing before me, looking at me with a polite smile on her face. Her appearance immediately reminded me of the heroine as she had the stock template of straight black hair, reserved, and graceful vibe of a Yamato Nadeshiko heroine. Coincidentally she also had slightly blue pupils similar to her - and judging by the surprised noise that Yuki let out, she was taken aback by the similarities as well.


Spoiler

…Unlike the heroine though, I could feel with my sixth sense that a calculating mind behind that polite and graceful surface. The way she carried herself was too fake, too artificial. Another similarity with the heroine as the girl wore a neutral mask, yet unlike Yuki, the touch of realism which makes a drama character compelling and relatable is gone - leaving behind an actor that lies without remorse.

This sort of thing… it's something that I've encountered many times in one particular genre. One that I'm sure that this girl is part of.

This girl is a murder mystery character.

"Yes? Is there something you need?" I asked with a similarly polite smile on my face. Beside me, I noticed that Rias sent me a puzzled look from my uncharacteristic act. In contrast to her Yuki's lip twitched minutely downwards, before she immediately assumed a neutral expression to look at the girl.

I saw the girl take note of Rias' expression but wasn't able to catch the heroine's. Good to know this wasn't an extremely competent calculative monster - those are always a hassle to deal with. Her polite smile widened a touch. "There is. May I ask who you people are? I don't believe I've seen you three around here before?"

I hummed at that.

The girl was suspicious of us, that much was clear. Murder mystery characters would have affinity with spotting suspicious things either with their sharp mind like drama characters or a heightened sixth sense. Or at least, those who don't carry death flags with them. Although we looked like models, anyone who considers the facts and has passing familiarity with the faces of their fellow employees can definitely conclude that we're not from around here. Then there's also the fact that I'm a damn gyaru-oh in a sea of female idols.

…But it's not like I was planning to hide myself completely though. In fact, I was hoping something like this would happen.

"Oh, us? We were invited to come here." I replied, making the girl blink in surprise.

"Invited?" the girl repeated curiously. If one were to pay close attention, they would notice that there was a touch of dubiousness to it. She looked at the two girls beside me for their reactions, but they're quick-witted enough to tell what I was trying to do. They showed no signs in their expression while staying silent.

"Yes." I looked back to the gathering of idol groups in the lobby. "By the way, is something happening here? It's a bit of a surprise to be greeted with a crowd of people. Is there an event coming up?"

The unrelated question further unbalanced her once more, although she impressively answered after a bit of pause. "...We are preparing for the idol festival coming in a few months from now. We practice for big events like this early." her eyes then sharpened a tinge. "May I ask who invited you? I can direct you to them, if that is the case."

She was trying to call out a bluff. Unfortunately, I had an answer to that. "We were invited by Yumiko-san." I said with a smile.

She tilted her head. "Yumiko…san?" Oh, what's this? I saw the recognition in your eyes when I said that name. Why are you acting like you don't know her, I wonder? "I don't quite recognize who…?"

Someone took the bait, and unsurprisingly it was Rias. The shounen heroine was clearly unaware of the intricacies of this interaction. "Aoki Yumiko-san? You don't know her?" the redhead turned to me. "You said she works here, right?" said in an unsure tone.

"Yes, she is." Yuki piped up from beside her and touched her arm. The redhead gave her a puzzled look, and Yuki shook her head. I could tell that Rias could tell that something was wrong, so she frowned and remained quiet once more.

"I see, that's a shame." I said, making the idol turn her attention away from the two girls and back to me. "I believe she works as part of management. Does that ring any bells?" I said while giving her a knowing, exasperated smile.

There was a downward twitch in her lips, but she quickly covered it up with a thoughtful expression. That's right - I could read you like an open book, girl. I have dealt with literal mind readers that you look so pitiful in comparison that it's not even funny.

"Hm… now that you mentioned it, I believe I know someone like that. Aoki Yumiko-san? I don't belong in the group she usually manages, but I remember her I think. She has blue hair, correct?" she smiled. "I think I can recall where her office was. Do you want me to bring you there?"

I nodded. "If you could spare the time, then please."

"I can definitely spare some." she replied politely, before turning around and gesturing towards a hall. "Follow me. It's just in that direction."

We followed the girl silently and we walked away from the lobby and went further inside the building, passing by into areas which are only for employees. Much like earlier nobody stopped us, especially now that we're accompanied by a familiar face. And just like that we passed by restricted areas while also knowing where to go, saving us from the hassle of doing it ourselves if we went completely incognito.

Then at some point, we stopped, and the murder mystery girl pointed at a particular hallway.

"The management office is somewhere there, if you take a right turn. I believe Yumiko-san spends her time there working." she said.

"I see, thank you for bringing us here." I said with a grateful nod.

"It's no problem." With a final fake smile, the girl turned around and left, presumably to go back to the lobby full of idols.

There was a bit of silence as she left. When I felt that she was far enough away from us, I resumed walking - in the opposite direction of the place she told us to go. The two girls gave me confused looks but I just shook my head in reply.

"We need to take care of something else first." I said. The two didn't understand but didn't protest either.

The three of us walked in thoughtful silence, before the heroine spoke up.

"...I don't like that girl." the heroine muttered after a moment of quiet. "She reminds me of my sister and mother far too much."

"I'm guessing that they're manipulative people that can fake their emotions incredibly?" I questioned. "If that's what you're thinking, then you're not too far off. She's a good actor. Don't blame her for doing what she did just now though, her actions were born out of righteous suspicion."

"What exactly happened there?" Rias finally asked, unsure. "I'm sure I missed some subtext in your conversation? I can't really follow."

"Shounen characters like you are unused to the subtext and implications so it's understandable. Just now the girl was suspicious of us and was sniffing out whether we're lying or not. She even lied about not knowing Aoki."

The redhead's eyes widened. "Wait, she lied? I couldn't tell at all!"

"You'll get used to it. I'll teach you the signs to look for." I assured her. "Still though, that girl shows that everything here isn't just cutesy sunshine and rainbows. As always there is a darker side to be found in many aspects of life, especially so in an industry like this."

"I've heard that things can get bad in the idol business. There are plenty of horror stories found online. Scandals that detail work harassment, bullying… unsavory conspiracies." Yuki muttered lowly. Then, she glanced at me. "...Just how true are those things?"

I kept my face blank. The heroine's eyes narrowed and Rias frowned, realizing what she implied. "Most of them are true, isn't it?" Yuki deduced.

"They are." I said neutrally. "The darker side of the entertainment industry can cover different plotlines… but the most prevalent ones are those from the adult genre. Blackmail, corruption, sexual harassment - most scandals fall under it."

Yuki scowled and Rias mirrored her expression. Then, the heroine spoke again. "...And if I asked if such a thing is happening right now?" she asked, tone low.

I stopped walking and reached for a particular door in the hallway, thumbing the doorknob.

"Then I'd answer yes. Where do you think I was heading towards?"

A twist, and the locked doorknob gave away from my strength as I brute-forced the door open. It swung hard and impacted the wall with a loud 'thud!', immediately making the people inside the room jolt in shock.

And right in front of us was what looked like an employee of the talent agency, right in front of a group of scantily-dressed and empty-eyed girls, looking like a clerk in the middle of convincing a customer to buy a product… to a fat old man right beside him.


Spoiler

They turned to us in surprise.

"What the—but the door was locked!?" the employee shouted in shock.

The scantily-clad girls also looked at us in surprise and I saw some light return in the eyes of one of them. "P-Please, help us!" she shouted desperately.

I stepped in the room and examined the immediate surroundings. It was an unassuming room that perhaps acted as a small recording studio, repurposed for most certainly a deplorable objective. I couldn't feel any magic nor was there any hidden technologies around to surprise us.

I waved for the redhead and the heroine to enter, snapping them out of their daze from my sudden actions, and they stepped inside the room to go in as well. They saw the scene inside and immediately stiffened in shock at what they saw.

Shock, which quickly turned into righteous anger.

"What… What the hell is this…!" Rias growled, her magic wildly gathering around her as it responded to her temper. She looked like she was about to unleash her demonic magic in rage.

In contrast, Yuki's expression turned dangerously cold. Her hands reached for her unseen spirit katanas as definite bloodlust radiated her quiet form. "Unforgivable…" she muttered.

The power they were exuding will make any prospective opponent cautious. However, as magical energy and bloodlust was not something a mundane human would be able to notice or feel, the employee just strided up to us with an indignant expression on his face.

"You three! What the hell are you all doing here!? Get out!" he shouted.

The two girls bristled, but before they could do something they would regret, I spoke up flatly. "We won't. Not with what we saw here." I smoothly brought up a hand holding my phone and snapped a picture of them, making the employee squawk in shock. I sent the picture with an accompanying message to Aoki. "And sent."

The man's jaw hung low. "Y-You… what have you done!?"

"Hm? Not even an excuse?" I hummed in thought.

"T-This was just a gravure model photoshoot! It's—!" he stopped, interrupting himself to take a shuddering breath in an attempt to calm himself down, before managing to give me a 'polite' smile. With how fixed it is and the way he keeps sending fearful looks at my phone though, it was obviously unconvincing. "I-It's not what you're thinking. I believe there has been a massive misunderstanding. P-Please don't be rash, sir."

"He's lying! They're blackmailing us!" the same girl from earlier shouted in fear.

"Shut your mouth!" the employee shouted in rage.

"Well, you heard the girl. A gravure photoshoot, huh? Oh well, I've heard worse… and it's not like any excuse matters anyway. It's too late now." I mocked, waving the phone in my hand. "Say goodbye to your job. And say hello to prison too, I guess."

My taunts clearly made something inside him snap. I watched blankly as his face turned enraged and he broke out into a wild sprint to me, rearing his fist back. "You damn brat—!"

A fist was buried in his gut before he could even reach me, spittle coming out of his mouth, and Rias stepped back as the employee knelt on the floor wheezing in pain. The redhead gave the man a glare filled with distaste, before immediately sprinting towards the scantily-clad girls, no doubt planning to attend to them. Yuki also followed right beside her.

"Are you girls okay!?" the redhead shouted. The scantily-dressed girls, who were obviously idols that were roped into doing this, all went behind her while covering their scantily-clad bodies. Their eyes, empty-eyed and despairing earlier, were now filled with slight fear but held some hope in them. Hope that would've been crushed completely if we were a slightest bit late.

I looked down flatly at the pathetic figure on the ground who had fallen unconscious, then turned my gaze to the other culprit of this particular incident. The fat old man stared back at me, surprisingly lacking any sort of fear or anxiety despite being caught in this situation.

"Hmph. Foolish boy. Do you think this will accomplish anything?" he sneered. "Cease this nonsense at once, else you pay the consequences."

Raising a brow at his reaction, I tried to recall if he was someone particularly influential to act this confident. There's just too many fat old men in this genre though… Ah, right. I think I remember him. "I think I recall seeing your mug from somewhere. You're a higher-up from some clothing company, right?"

I've dallied in the realm of politics in dealing with different genres so I familiarized myself with the players. I think I have a file about him back in my office - a particularly minor one, nothing really detailed as he wasn't anything big. So he actually was a corrupt elite character in the adult genre, huh. This talent agency would be a place he could get sex toys from. I guess it would be morbidly fitting with a company name like Love Doll.

Though the fact that he was a higher up from a clothing company would mean that he has significant influence in a business like this. With the presence of the employee here, this whole thing might even be arranged with the help of the agency itself to most likely gain his support and to cut back the expenses. A bribe using their idols essentially.

Still, my words seemed to have left him surprised as he most likely didn't expect a young man like me to recognize him. Then, when he actually registered what I had just said, he scowled.

"'Some higher up'...?" he growled. "Know your betters, arrogant whelp! If you recognize who I am then you should know how your stunt would result in nothing! I am the director of LADIDAS Japan!" Wow, that brand certainly sounds familiar. "I will not be subjected to this slander!"

Hearing that, I raised a brow. "Hoh…? 'Slander', you say?"

The director was about to speak some more but he was interrupted by hurried footfalls approaching our destination, and two people came running onto the doorstep. One of them is someone I don't know, but the other, I can never mistake for anyone else.

"What is happening here!?" Aoki demanded as she strode inside the room.

Aoki took one look around with hardened eyes, pausing slightly in hesitance when she saw me, Rias, and Yuki. It, however, disappeared completely when she saw the girls being consoled by the redhead and heroine, and was replaced with anger set ablaze behind her eyes.

"This is…!" she growled.

Her companion, a woman who is most likely another idol, also did the same as a severe frown appeared on her face. "Yumiko-san…" she muttered.

"Help them." the blue-haired woman commanded, tone harsh. "I'll deal with whatever happened here." with a nod, her companion walked towards Yuki and Rias to help attend to the girls.

"Speak of the devil." the director said with mirth. "Woman, get this boy out of here - I tire of his nonsense. Let me indulge with your girls in peace."

Aoki's gaze immediately locked onto the director. I could tell that her mind worked overtime at what he just said - before coming into conclusion based on the sudden scowl that appeared on her face.

"Indulge? If you what you meant by indulge is that you'll use my girls as prostitutes then I'll have to ask you to go and kill yourself, sir." Aoki spat in a venomous tone that I've never heard her say before. "To think that the director of a partner company would be a scum like this… I am disgusted."

The director's temper seemed to have reached its limit. "Don't think you can insult me like that, woman! Consider yourself fired from your position!"

Aoki's eyes narrowed. "As if you will have the influence once we're done here." she replied hotly.

The director let out a huff at that. "Of course I will. Your superiors will turn a blind eye to what I'm doing. Do you really think they're unaware of it?" that made Aoki pause. "Go ahead and tell them what I did. Try to tell them the truth. It won't work."

"What the hell are you trying to say?" the woman spat out.

"Hmph. Do you think they could afford to anger me when I hold direct influence on their profits? They need me more than ever, especially with the idol festival coming a few months from now." he explained. "So go ahead, try and tell them. It will all be dismissed as slander… just like the rest."

Aoki's eyes widened. "...What? No, you can't be saying…!"

The director gained a sadistic look. "Yes. I'm sure that stories of company higher-ups having sexual relations with entertainment industry workers are plentiful, no?"

I hummed.

Unfortunately, what he was implying was true. Those types of plots exist and happen particularly often in this type of work. Not to say that all rumors are true though; I believe that this is just the nature of the business as a whole. The sexual plots might not even include blackmail or corruption at all.

Aoki's eyes were wide. "No… that's—" she gritted her teeth. "That's not true!"

"Yes it is. You won't do anything, because you can't. You're powerless." he said sadistically. "I was willing to let you go with a warning at first, but with your attitude earlier that's already off the table. The same goes for you too, boy." he said with a glare.

"For crossing me, I'll smear your reputation to the ground. You'll be laid off from your job and would have a hard time getting another. Schools will reject you. I'll turn both of your lives into a living hell, like I did the rest."

I just gave him a neutral look. A bluff. He wasn't particularly influential in the grand scheme of things, so he's just scaring us to stop the information from spreading out for him to deal with. I doubt he can actually do this without stepping on any toes of the real people in power.

Right beside me however, Aoki was boiling in rage.

"You…!" she growled.

The fat old man seemed to visibly preen at her anger, enjoying his power over the woman. He believed his bluff had worked. Now thinking he was in a position of power, I saw his eyes look at Aoki, towards me… and then towards Rias and Yuki. His eyes gained a perverse glint.

"Hmm, although… I might not make both of your lives a living hell if you two apologize." the director continued, leering at Aoki's body. His gaze also turned to Yuki and Rias to do the same. "You, and the two girls for the boy. Service me and I might find it within myself to forgive—"

"Now, now. That won't do." I interrupted flatly.

At this point he was absolutely convinced that everything was going at his behest. It wasn't entirely inaccurate for him to think that, as in the adult genre, the catalyst for a sex scene is unrealistic and easy to induce. Even if the blackmail can be dealt with proper thought and preparation, fate itself would favor the sexual solution so that there could be, you know, sex.

So let's take advantage of that.

The fat old man turned to me in anger at being interrupted but choked on what he was about to say. That was because I suddenly reached out to Aoki, turned her around to face me, and lifted her chin up.

Then before she could react, I pulled Aoki for a deep kiss.

"Mmph!?"

The woman was slightly shocked for a moment, but from the many times I had kissed her whenever I visited her apartment, she had subconsciously reciprocated it. I teased the insides of her mouth as we exchanged tongues, applying the right pressures and even using a light trickle of magical energy to make her mouth sensitive. It resulted in her shuddering in pleasure and letting out a moan, and I could see the present concern leave Aoki's mind as the woman in my arms turned into a lovesick mush.

I could also hear gasps and voices calling out in shock, but I simply continued to kiss the woman on my arms into mindless pleasure. The noise eventually trailed off as our audience was stuck watching the intensely passionate scene, the sheer eroticism of what they were seeing overloading their minds.

There was something about the adult genre that makes it beyond normal pornography; the passion, the reactions, the feelings involved are all heightened. Aside from unrealistic sexual stamina it also had other effects. Exaggerated moans and voices, silly and melodramatic dialogues, to even weird positions that break the mood or immersion, they were completely gone - replaced only with sheer sexual satisfaction.

I removed my lips from hers, a trail of saliva connecting our lips as we separated. Aoki let out a shuddering breath as she buried herself in my chest and pressed herself against me as she started to get horny. Meanwhile, I took that opportunity to glance at our audience.

Surprisingly, the scantily-clad idols were looking at me with intensely blushing faces despite being almost forced into a traumatizing sexual encounter, staring at me and Aoki with wide eyes. The woman that Aoki brought with her meanwhile also had the same look but focused more on Aoki, as if seeing this side of her for the first time. She, too, was looking bright red.

"O-Oh my…" she muttered.

The two other girls were less shocked. Yuki bore an exasperated expression as she looked at us, getting used after being flustered plenty of times, but there was undeniably still some color on her cheeks. Beside her though, Rias just looked impressed.

The redhead demon whistled. "Wow, she looked like she really enjoyed that!"

Then there was the director.

He was looking at me in shock as if he didn't expect me to do that. Aside from it, disbelief at what he had seen was also present on his face, because although he has undoubtedly brought a lot of girls into mind breaking pleasure plenty of times as a corruption and moral degradation blackmailer character - he definitely hadn't done it on this level with just a kiss.

Dominance. Control. The ability to bring girls to orgasm. I simply made myself better in those three aspects, thus showing I am better than him as a sexual partner.

I smirked at him. "Go find yourself a whore if you want your limp dick serviced. Leave these types of women to a real man." I grabbed hold of Aoki's chest, plying the soft flesh and making her moan. "I don't need to threaten or blackmail them to make them come to me."

Unbelievably corny to say in a normal context, but it was enough for its purpose. It was taunting, showing him just how pathetic I thought he was compared to me… and worse yet, he couldn't even deny it.

Then without breaking eye-contact with him, I kissed Aoki again. The woman moaned in pleasure once more as I kept fondling her chest, touching sensitive spots with supernatural dexterity and heightening it with magic. What we looked like was undoubtedly more erotic than our kiss.

The sight seemed to have made something in the director snap.

"How dare you!? Do you think I'll let you do this!? I will… I will—!"

The director shook as he shouted, but didn't move a single muscle towards me. He was angry, clearly, but the anger warred with his own insecurity, unable to compare himself to the strapping young man who looked fit, handsome, and could satisfy women more than he ever would.

"What…?"

That, and the fear that he felt.

My eyes remained locked onto him as I projected an oppressive aura within a short range around myself, blanketing him in fear while letting it harmlessly pass through Aoki who was in my arms, courtesy of the horror monster I defeated a while back. I managed to replicate the effects of that particular monster's aura after dissecting and experimenting with its corpse. And now that monster's oppressive fear affected him, unable to make him move.

"No… no, I… why am I…?"

He was confused, rationalizing the fear he was feeling. It was the genre divide at work; the oppressive aura wouldn't be recognized as caused by an outside source as it would take acknowledging that something abnormal is causing him fear, and thus falling in the realm of the supernatural. No, this fat old man would find an excuse, thinking he was the cause of it.

And this world - this messed up world that somehow tries to retain order from chaos with its rules and tropes - desires consistency. Thus the rationalization of his thoughts, combined with some unfortunate biological factors in response to fear and stress, and the very circumstances that I've set up…

It all fell perfectly in place to form a narrative I was going for. The world bending in accord to what I desired, as the circumstances I rearranged myself was enforced by the story's narrative fate; adjusting itself as it tried to keep up with my alterations.

And so the director looked down, his eyes widening, as he saw…

That he was sporting a tent in his pants.

"N-No! I—! I'm not—!" he hiccuped and took a look at us with wide eyes.

A flash of arousal appeared in his gaze, one that hadn't been present before until now.

"Uwooooooogh!"

The fat old man fell on his knees, looking at us in fear and despair, as the beautiful woman he was targeting looked absolutely pleasured from the embrace of another man… and that he was enjoying it, no matter how much he tried to deny it.

In short, he turned into a cuck. It was a poetic inversion of roles; for the fat old man who tried to cuck a man ended up being cucked in return, awakening a fetish for it as he did so.

"Impossible! Impossible, I am not—!" he shouted in denial. "I-I am not a—!"

He stiffened.

"—Grghk!"

I blinked in surprise though. The director suddenly clutched a hand on his chest before falling down on the floor unconscious.

"..."

...It looks like he isn't getting back up anytime soon. Seems like the stress got to him.

A bit melodramatic in my opinion though. Reminds me too much of that particular setting with the punch ghost when I saw some weird card dealer faint from a game one time.

I stopped kissing Aoki and let go of her chest, before gently extracting myself out of her embrace. My action seemed to have jarred her from her pleasure-filled stupor as Aoki found herself standing there in a daze. She blinked.

"A-Ah?" she said dumbly

I smiled at her and inclined my head to the unconscious fat old man. "I think the director just fainted."

She turned to him and blinked again. Then, Aoki's eyes widened and she looked at me, our silent audience, then back to me again. "A-Ah… Basa-kun, you…" she stuttered, and I was left with the cute display of her face turning red. Then she shook her head and tried to give me a scolding expression. "Y-You shouldn't have done that! Why would you suddenly kiss me out of nowhere?"

"You're my woman, Aoki-san." I answered simply with a smile.

"That's not a good reason!" she admonished.

I just continued smiling and she tried to keep her scolding expression. I caught her lips twitch upwards and her cheeks color slightly though. My smile widened and she looked away, trying to hide her own smile. How cute.

Then, I watched her eyes landed on the idols and her pleased expression visibly vanished. She sighed.

"Hah… Basa-kun, I'm going to question you on why you were here along with Yuki and Rias-chan, but I guess that will come later." she gave me a solemn gaze. "I'm grateful that you helped them. As their manager, the safety of these girls are important to me. If it weren't for you… I'm afraid of what would've happened."

I shrugged. "No need to thank me. It's what anyone in my position would've done." It was literally nothing new for me.

She seemed to smile sadly as she interpreted my words as humbleness, glancing at the unconscious employee that was on the floor near the director. "I don't think so, Basa-kun. I'm sure many people would've known this but wouldn't - couldn't do anything about it, so they chose not to." she sighed, then glared at the director. "...And they'd be right. If what the director was saying is true, then what we do right now really wouldn't affect anything. I should probably start looking for a new job now." her eyes then snapped to me. "Not that I'm saying that you did the wrong thing, Basa-kun. I'm in full support of what you just did."

Before I could tell her not to worry about that though, I was interrupted by a voice calling out.

"You don't have to do that, Aoki-san."

The both of us turned to the heroine. The girl approached us with usual cool expression, though I could spot the glint of resolve in her eyes. She held her phone in her hand and I spotted on the screen that she just texted someone. I raised a brow.

"Yuki-chan?" Aoki questioned, perplexed.

"I recorded his entire confession about what he's doing with the idols and about the corruption in this agency… not including the more unseemly parts after it, of course." she said, sending me a flat look. I returned it blankly. "I sent the video to my elder sister. She has the connections to make use of it, and if anything, my family would be interested in having leverage against a mere director of a clothes company."

The woman still looked confused. "Your family…?"

"Ah, right. You're from the Yanai family." I said, suddenly recalling something about the heroine when we had first met. "They're pretty big deal, aren't they?"

Aoki's head snapped to me. "Y-Yanai!? You mean the family of politicians!?" the woman looked at the heroine with wide eyes. "Y-Yuki-chan, you didn't tell me that you're a daughter of a family like that!"

The girl smiled ruefully. "I didn't want people treating me any different, Aoki-san." she replied. She then shook her head. "Nevertheless, you don't need to worry about losing your job. If the director wasn't simply used then thrown away, then he certainly wouldn't be able to influence anything with him under my family's grasp." she glanced at the idols. "I also called in a favor to take care of any of his past victims. I'm sure my family would make it a good publicity stunt—mmph!?"

"Yuki-chan, thank you! You're such a good girl!" Aoki exclaimed gratefully as she hugged Yuki tight, burying the girl's face within her breasts, much to her obvious panic and fluster.

Damn, I'm kinda jealous.

Aoki's face then turned solemn once more and let go of her embrace, and Yuki immediately backpedaled with red cheeks and tried to regain her composure. The woman let out a sad sigh. "Things will certainly be busy with what happened here… Looks like I've got my work cut out for me." she then looked at us with a smile. "Basa-kun, I'll see you guys later okay? Let me talk to my girls for a moment."

With that Aoki went to her idols and helped Rias and the other girl with consoling them. As she did, I suddenly felt a glare pointed to me for some reason. I simply turned and met the heroine's gaze blankly.

"What?" I asked.

"It was unnecessary to do those… obscene things earlier. You could've simply knocked him out. I'm sure you can do it without effort, can't you?" she grumbled.

"Why, you didn't like it? It looked like you enjoyed the show."

"Wha—! I-I did not!" she denied with a blush on her face, before shaking her head. "And don't change the subject. Why do all that? And why did he suddenly fall unconscious?"

I hummed. "He fell unconscious from the stress, that much is certain. But if you're asking me why I did all that… well, let's just say I redefined his character role." I answered.

"Redefined…?"

I nodded. "Every person has a role in their stories. They're fixed as the plot demands it, but you know how we can change that. That fat old man was supposed to act as the ugly bastard that corrupts idols - so even if we stop this case here, I wouldn't be surprised if it happened again." I explained. "So I changed it, redefined his role into a cuck instead."

"...A cuck." she muttered incredulously, giving a stare at the unconscious director.

"Yes. What I did to the fat old man is seared in his memories and that will affect any sexual encounter that he has in the future."

And there's certainly something poetic about it. I've done it plenty of times to similar characters in the adult genre; the gyaru-oh's that were supposed to take my role for Aoki-san were one example. They suffered an ironic fate as justice.

"Anyway, with what I did, these types of things won't repeat again. Permanently." I continued. "It's either doing this or killing him."

"...I suppose this is good considering the alternative." Yuki considered.

"Guys!" the both of us looked to the side to see Rias approaching. "Aoki-san says that she'll be taking care of those girls first. She told me that we should wait for her in her office."

"I see." I turned to the idols, who were looking quite relieved already since the situation was over as Aoki fussed over them. "And how are they doing?"

"I'm thinking they're going to be fine!" she smiled. "I gave them a talk to cheer them up. Those girls are strong, you know? They won't let this whole thing get to them!"

…I see. So that's why I could see those girls occasionally glancing at Rias, before looking away with a heavy blush when they realized I was looking at them. Ignoring the implications for the latter, it's clear that Rias worked her shounen magic with her talk. Probably for the best, since they need the determination and fortitude that her genre has an excess of.

"Excuse me!" another voice called out. I turned to see that it was the idol that accompanied Aoki. She bowed to the three of us. "I'd just like to say - thank you so much for saving my kouhai, you three. I can only fear what would've happened without the three of you intervening… and how long it will continue for us." she said. "I think I would be representing the majority of us when I say that we all owe you one."

Yuki shook her head. "I don't believe you owe us anything. No one deserved to have this done to them. It's the least that we could do." she said solemnly.

"Yeah, she's right! Scum like them deserve eternal punishment in hell!" Rias agreed, glaring at the unconscious employee on the floor. "Maybe I should've punched him harder actually."

As the two said that I instead remained quiet as I considered the woman right in front of me. She noticed and her face colored a bit, before giving me a slightly teasing smile.

"Now, now mister. While I might be grateful, I do have a fiance who I love very much." she teased. "So perhaps cut back with the intense staring~? Yumiko-san might get jealous, you know~?"

I raised a brow. "I'm not really thinking that."

Sure she was beautiful like the others in this line of work, but no, I was thinking of other things. Things like the fact that she had a side-braid going past her shoulders, giving her a gentle and graceful look, or the fact that she looked satisfied and peaceful with her life as it is. She had this general feel of everything going good for her, like everything was paradise.


Spoiler

The two girls beside me seemed to have noticed my strange behavior. I ignored them and their questioning glances for now.

"By the way, can I ask for your name?" I asked idly.

The woman blinked. "Ah, I suppose I haven't introduced myself, did I? How rude of me." she then bowed gracefully, giving the three of us a smile. "My name is Terumi Fuuka. I'm an idol and an aspiring singer here in Love Doll."

The two girls' eyes widened. My eyes narrowed.

—Then I let out an oppressive aura of fear that dwarfed what I subjected the director with. Yuki and Rias were startled as something registered in their senses, giving me wide-eyed looks as they realized it focused solely towards the woman right in front of me.

Faced with this fear, even a hardened war veteran would fall on his knees and weep. Yet instead of anything like it… the woman simply tilted her head, confused. As if she was oblivious to the fear itself.

I stopped and the oppressive aura disappeared.

"What's wrong?" the woman asked as she looked between the three of us. "Was there something…?"

That confirms it. Her appearance, her disposition, and the fact that she lacked the sixth sense to feel the oppressive fear that horror monsters exuded… it all points towards one thing.

This woman is a walking death flag.

One whose death would be a catalyst for a horror monster that will affect the world itself.

"Nothing." I answered her with a smile. "Nothing at all."
Last edited: Mar 2, 2024
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Sir_dood134, Fungod and 2,185 others
Skrubchap
Mar 2, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Mar 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,536
Hadn't wrote much for like two weeks because I had to lock in for exams (I still failed).

Anyway, here's the next chapter about miss super idol. As you know, the characters are all "inspired" from somewhere so her setting and name was based on this horror story… Well, you'll see where it goes.
Chapter 13

After the whole incident with the idols, Yuki found herself standing with Basa-kun and Rias-san at the company building's management section, with Aoki-san having pulled them aside to talk. She brought them in her own personal office so that no one could be around and they could talk freely.

The blue-haired woman had already ensured that the girls were brought into safety with the idol and their person of interest, Terumi Fuuka, bringing the girls to the infirmary for medical attention and to ensure the idol's safety while Aoki-san reported what happened to the authorities. It didn't take long for the director to be apprehended - and judging by the current chaos within the management section as they went towards Aoki-san's office - it looks like the effects of such an upheaval was starting to show.

That the agency was selling their idols for business opportunities being brought into the open will surely cause a massive scandal that some higher ups were trying to mitigate, but not all of them. The company itself is divided into sides between those who are in that business and those who are not. She was well aware of business politics to know that this event started a schism and power struggle which would change the company as a whole - which would hopefully lead to the legitimate side of the business winning. The talent agency would gain a slight mud in their name but they would become better for it.

Of course, the process was immensely helped with her elder sister's attention on the case. She was sure to choose the legitimate side in the power struggle, seeing the opportunities to gain favors and sneak in men of her own in now empty seats. Her sister's interest would've piqued after having seen her message, as any leverage to be used to further their family's power is worthwhile for them… Yet, Yuki also knew that the cause of it was also due to the fact she, for the first time in her life, had decided to involve herself into these sorts of things.

She strayed far away from their family's political side for many years and deciding to ask a favor for her sister for such a scandal would surely make her intrigued. That, along with other important details like how Yuki was supposed to be in school right now and how she managed to get a front seat in such a scandal in the first place.

She knows that she'll be faced with many questions from her elder sister soon but she'll cross that bridge when the time comes.

For now, they had something far more important to deal with.

Aoki-san's office was small, yet the fact that she had a room on her own instead of a simple cubicle indicated she had a higher position within the managerial staff. The office simply consisted of a work desk, a few filing cabinets, and a small sofa on the side. Aoki-san stood in front of her desk, looking at the three of them as she crossed her arms with a frown plastered on her face. The scene they made looked remarkably similar to students being sent into the disciplinarian's office.

"So… Basa-kun, Yuki-chan, Rias-chan." Aoki-san started with a scolding tone. "Do you mind telling me why you three are here? Because I'm pretty sure that all of you are supposed to be at school right now!"

Yuki looked away slightly at the expression of maternal concern on the woman's face, while Rias-san beside her sheepishly chuckled. There was something discomforting about the possibility of making such a nice woman disappointed for some reason, and she found herself unable to look at her eyes properly even knowing they're guiltless of anything wrong.

Basa-kun, meanwhile, remained completely unaffected by her expression. "We're not skipping school, technically. And as for why we're here…" he seems to contemplate what to say, before shrugging in the end. "Well, we're dealing with the supernatural." he said bluntly.

Aoki-san's eyes narrowed at him. "Basa-kun, now is not the time for jokes. If you keep that up then I'll get angry."

"And I'm not joking." he replied simply, before turning to Rias-san. "Hey, show her your wings."

Rias-san blinked in surprise and Yuki did the same. For a moment she thought of questioning him because they just saw a demonstration of Rias-san a few hours prior, before her eyes narrowed when she realized the implication of it. And judging by Rias-san's widened eyes followed by a determined nod, she also had the same thought.

Aoki-san was about to speak again, perhaps to scold Basa-kun some more, but her words died in her throat when Rias-san did what he asked and revealed her demonic appendages. Bat-like wings and tail unfurled at her back, showing itself out to the world… and most especially to Aoki-san, who was now staring at it with shock.

"E-Eh? Where did that…?" the woman muttered.

This was proof. Basa-kun said that as a person in a mundane setting, it's impossible for her to even interact with the supernatural. Yet here she was, looking at Rias-san's wings despite fate itself preventing it from happening just a few hours ago.

As of now, the genre divide no longer affects Aoki-san. The woman had now become like them.

"She turned meta." Yuki muttered, looking at Aoki-san in a new light.

Basa-kun nodded his head. "Yep. That's confirmation that it affects people around me, particularly love interests. The diagnostic and surveillance spells I put on her this breakfast should be able to record any observable change... With the data from it I'll be getting to the bottom of this." Basa-kun said in thought, rubbing his chin in thought. Then he shrugged. "But that can be done later, I guess."

He did say he predicted who's next to gain an ability like theirs. She wasn't surprised that he decided to take the initiative and see what happens to Aoki-san during such a transformation, much like what he had wanted to know with their testing earlier…

She blinked.

W-Wait, did he just say something strange just now? L-Love interests—!?

"—Basa-kun? Do you mind telling me what you're talking about?" her thoughts were interrupted by Aoki-san, who had a perplexed smile on her face. "A-And why did Rias-chan suddenly gain wings and a tail? W-Was that some sort of cosplay…?"

There was a forced quality to her statement. Before any clarification had been done, the blue-haired woman continued to speak, expression looking as if she gained an epiphany.

"O-Oh, I see! So you three came here to show that? Perhaps to try to audition for LOVE☆Doll? I don't quite understand why cosplay, but it's quite impressive! The way it moves is very realistic!" she complimented. "It looks so lifelike! Why, I even thought it's real for a moment!"

"Because it is, Aoki-san." Basa-kun said idly.

The woman giggled. "Oh, you and your jokes again, Basa-kun. I told you that I might get angry, didn't I? Take this seriously please."

"And I already told you earlier that it's not a joke, Aoki-san."

"Now, now, you can't possibly be saying that Rias-chan has wings and a tail, right?" Basa-kun didn't answer. "...R-Right? Basa-kun?"

That was when Rias-san spoke up.

"It's very real! It's not cosplay at all, Aoki-san! Here, look, it's connected to me." Rias-san turned around to show exactly just that. Her wings flapped slightly behind her, visibly connected to her lower back due to her cropped sweater. "I can even move it, see?"

There was a slight silence.

"I-I see! So it's real, huh?" the woman said after a while, a fixed smile present on her lips. "Wow!"

"Yes, I'm actually a demon!" the redhead replied. "And if that's not proof enough…" she willed out a magic circle, one that produced a spark of grayish energy above her palm. "Ta-da! Magic is real! Pretty cool, right?"

Another bout of silence followed her statement. Yuki looked at Aoki-san, and she noticed that the blue-haired woman just stood there with the same smile, unmoving and unreacting.

"...Aoki-san?" she questioned worriedly.

Her body teetered, and Yuki let out a noise of surprise as the woman's body fell down. Thankfully, Basa-kun caught her and let her unconscious body fall on his arms before she could hit the ground and hurt herself.

The three of them stared at the woman who fainted.

"...Maybe I should've been more delicate with the reveal." Rias-san said with a wince.

"No, it's fine. Best get it out of the way and rip off the band-aid fast. It's the best way to go about things." Basa-kun replied as he brought her body in a bridal carry before depositing on the sofa in Aoki-san's office. "I'll get her up to speed with her many questions after. But for now, we should focus on what we came here for."

Yuki nodded. "Terumi Fuuka. We found her."

The woman who would bring about a world-affecting plot as Basa-kun attested. The details he gave were sparse, apparently due to the innate uncertainties of predicting the undetectable narrative fate, but that was the entire reason why they've come here for.

"What did you do when she introduced herself to you? I felt something happen, but I didn't know what." Rias-san asked curiously, recalling what happened earlier.

"Just had to verify something. I blasted her with a fear aura similar to those from horror monsters." Yuki's eyes widened, and Basa-kun's gaze turned to her. "You should be familiar with what it felt like, and you saw her reaction - she didn't even look like she registered it, did she?"

Yuki's mind raced.

That was… that was impossible. The whole experience of being subjected to a horror monster's fear aura was something she would never forget - she can vividly recall the fear that struck her heart and made her more terrified than anything in her life. So to think that someone will experience it and not notice it at all was unfathomable to her. Terumi Fuuka would have to either have something wrong with her mental faculties or be as powerful as Basa-kun to ignore such a thing - neither of which seem plausible, from the short impression she formed on the idol.

Unless… unless there was a reason why Basa-kun used the fear aura of a horror monster specifically. Her eyes narrowed as a thought appeared in her mind.

"...She belongs in the horror genre, doesn't she? The one who is oblivious to the danger." she deduced, recalling the information of character archetypes within each genre written from Basa-kun's notes. "She's a victim type of character."

"Eh!? Like the first one that dies in a horror movie!?" Rias-san said in shock. "Does that mean Fuuka-san is going to die!?"

"I'm sure that you've watched and read enough anime and manga to realize the signs on her person, Rias." Basa-kun commented.

For a moment the redhead looked clueless, before she blinked and gained a thoughtful look.

"Hold on, she's got a fiance, she has that gentle feel to her… Oh, crap. She's got the dreaded braid hairstyle of death!" Rias-san said with a gasp. "T-Those are definitely big red flags! She's going to die!"

"Yep. And her death will be a catalyst to a plot which will likely affect the world at large." Basa-kun added.

Yuki frowned as she considered the information. Such a thing is indeed a major concern as a horror monster might endanger the lives of many people… but there was something she was missing. Especially with how Basa-kun kept phrasing about what will happen.

"...May I ask something, Basa-kun? You stated 'affecting the world', correct?" she asked, suddenly realizing something. "How is that possible considering the presence of the genre divide? Surely an event like this would be isolated and only affect those included on its own plot, barring circumstances where they interact with similar settings. That is what you told us earlier, isn't that right?"

Basa-kun and Rias-san stared at her. The redhead blinked before gaining a look of understanding, then turning her head to Basa-kun with a questioning look. For his part, Basa-kun stared at her blankly for a few seconds… before giving her a smile.

"I was wondering when you'd notice. Yes, that should be the case." he confirmed.

"But…?" Rias-san prompted.

"But," he continued. "This particular situation is special, which is why I made the systems alert me of it given the slightest possibility of it happening. As you said, plotlines remain isolated and wouldn't affect the world at large, no matter how extensive the destruction it can encompass. A person with the power to destroy the world will usually be foiled before they even have a chance to do so, or perhaps they choose not to as the plot demands or is out of character for them. Different settings do not interact - not unless they are similar to one another, that is. And even then, they only interact slightly."

He frowned as his eyes hardened.

"But… in the right circumstance, that technicality is enough to affect the world at large." he explained solemnly.

"What… what do you mean?" Yuki asked, concerned. Beside her, Rias-san also looked similarly worried.

"A setting will interact with a similar setting, and that setting can also interact with other similar settings as well." Yuki stiffened. "Do it enough times, and it will cross boundaries that aren't supposed to be crossed - for example, from a hard supernatural setting it will affect the soft ones, then eventually mundane settings. You essentially had a supernatural setting affect a mundane one albeit indirectly, despite it normally being impossible. You see where this is going, right?"

Yuki's mind raced. Indeed, the existence of such a technicality can lead to such a situation. But this… he can't possibly mean…

"In a very unlikely and unlucky situation, it's completely possible that one plot will set off a cascade of events which will affect other plots, and spread throughout different genres. That is what a 'world-affecting scenario' is. It affects the world at large and shifts the status quo." he continued to explain, with Yuki and Rias looking at him with wide eyes. "From one event, different genres will feel the shocks of that one plotline, with the effects manifesting in a way that is consistent with the plot and themes of the setting. But there still remains the fact that the effects will eventually escalate and turn the world into something different. It's an upheaval of the global scale."

Yuki pursed her lips. "That should be impossible… you told us the genre divide bends fate itself, so how can it overlook a mere technicality like that? What about the plots that will get affected? Surely such a drastic change shouldn't happen."

Basa-kun smiled ruefully. "Shouldn't it? But taking it to its logical extreme, then applying that reasoning would mean that history won't progress. Humanity wouldn't advance." that made Yuki pause. "Different plots and tropes can be found in different ages in history, you know? This world isn't so static to affect only the modern age with its rules, so if the genre divide worked to keep those settings and tropes constant then we'd still be stuck in the middle ages or something. As for the plots affected, you've said it yourself - fate would make it so that the changes fit with the narrative seamlessly." he shook his head. "This is but a natural part of human history; a drastic transition representing a societal change that has been twisted in the eyes of a narrative world. I've said it's a technicality in the rules… but really, it's more of a feature to prevent a static world."

"Settings indirectly affect each other all the time, but mostly minorly. That keeps the world moving." he added. "But sometimes, you get major changes that affect the world - and that is what we're concerned about here."

Yuki was silent at that, unable to think of anything to say in reply. That was when Rias-san spoke up hesitantly.

"...U-Um, Basa-kun, you said that it's a major global change, correct? It doesn't mean that it's something innately harmful, does it?" she asked.

He hummed. "Well, it is a transition. It can potentially affect the lives of many, but it doesn't mean the change is automatically harmful. The greatest world-affecting changes are major turning points in history after all, like the discovery of metal or the start of the industrial age. You could definitely say it turned our lives for the better."

"Then it's not that bad, is it?" the redhead said optimistically. "Maybe the transition would result in something better? Oh, since the plot that will start it is horror, maybe the general public will be aware of the supernatural and people will start using magic?"

Yuki frowned thoughtfully. "That's…"

Rias-san might have a point with that. Just because it will affect the world as a whole, it doesn't mean that it would be bad. Still, it would be something they need to keep track of as it will affect the lives of literally billions of people.

"All plausible guesses, but I'm more on the side of stopping these sorts of things, actually." Basa-kun stated, making both her and Rias-san look at him in surprise.

"What? Why?" the redhead asked.

He smiled. It wasn't a good sort of smile. "Remember the setting of those witches that came from the future? It's included in the notes I gave to you two."

It was. Yuki had read his notes on her way to the talent agency, brushing up on the different settings she had encountered and will encounter within the city itself. Those witches, she recalled, were from the future that is a… dystopian apocalyptic world…

She paled.

"W-W-Wait." Rias-san also looked similarly alarmed. "You can't be saying that…"

"That the modern age will transition into an dystopian apocalyptic setting?" he said. "There's a good chance of it. I mean, it's certainly backed with the many future plotlines that come from a setting like that."

Both of them looked at Basa-kun with horrified expressions.

"So yeah, I'm not taking any chances when I encounter something like this." he continued idly.

"—That's a given!" Rias-san cried out. "What the hell!? The world will fall into an apocalypse!?"

"Probably, yeah. There's a good chance before a world-affecting scenario would affect things and cause nuclear war by proxy or something. And considering it's the actual future and it's already set into stone - I'm just delaying the inevitable." he stated, shrugging. "Then again, time isn't so linear, having branching paths and alternate timelines, but the fact that the most common anime setting after the modern age is an dystopian apocalyptic one… well, the world has to make room for new settings after all."

Yuki closed her eyes shut. "...That's not helping at all, Basa-kun." she gritted out, before shaking her head. "So we have to prevent the world-affecting scenario from happening… And for that to happen, then we have to stop the horror plot from ever occurring. I seem to recall the fact that you have no qualms involving yourself in that genre, correct?"

"Yeah, we just have to stop it ourselves! It'll work out better for everyone!" Rias-san agreed.

He hummed at that. "We certainly could." he said. "But to do that, we have to be around the victim character first."

Basa-kun turned his head to look at the sofa. She and Rias-san followed his gaze, and they witnessed as Aoki-san groaned as she woke up. The blue-haired looked around blearily, before setting her eyes to them.

"Basa-kun…? And Yuki-chan and Rias-chan too… That's strange, I just had this weird dream where I…" her eyes locked onto Rias-san's wings and tail, which still remained out in the open. Yuki watched as Aoki-san's eyes turned wide and manic. "I-It's— It's not a dream!?"

"It really isn't." Basa-kun said, approaching the woman before putting a reassuring hand on her palm. "You've entered a new world now, Aoki-san. I know it's confusing, but I'll answer any of your questions that you'll have. I'm sure that there's plenty swimming in your mind right now."

…And so, with that statement said, the floodgates opened and Aoki-san let out a stream of babble and questions. Yuki watched as the blue-haired woman floundered as she tried to comprehend a world that had overturned her common sense.

That would be a futile effort, she reflected. Because even now she still struggles to make sense of it herself.
An entire general explanation later and they were subjected to an amusing sight, one that put Yuki's thoughts on her previous revelations in the sidelines momentarily.

"B-Basa-kun! I-I can't believe that you've been carrying this burden for so long!" Aoki-san cried out, sobbing as she hugged Basa-kun tightly. "I knew that there were some strange things you get caught up in, but to think you've been protecting us and many others for all this time…!" she hiccuped. "Y-You're such a good and earnest boy!"

"...It's not that big of a deal."

Yuki smiled at the rare scene of Basa-kun who looked uncomfortable at the affection and sympathy given by the woman. He was stiff in her embrace as she tried to comfort Aoki-san by patting her in the back, trying to soothe the woman from her tears. This was one of the many moments around her that he looked awkward and unsure unlike the usual self-assured and indifferent demeanor he exuded.

It was quite satisfying, to say the least. Especially with what he so casually dropped earlier.

"Hehehe… look at him, trying to act all cool." Rias-san whispered beside her while giggling. It looks like she wasn't the only one amused by the sight. "That guy tries to play it off whenever he gets praised, but he gets all shy and embarrassed on the inside~!"

Basa-kun twitched, undoubtedly hearing her words, and leveled a flat look at the redhead who just looked unrepentant. Yuki concealed her own smile.

"Is that so? I did notice that he tries to act rough in the exterior despite his deeds showing otherwise." she said, playing along. "Could it be that? He's a tsundere?"

Rias-san chortled at her comment and Basa-kun violently twitched, aiming a flatter look towards her. "Pfft, t-that's definitely spot on! That guy's a definite tsundere!" the redhead giggled.

Basa-kun let out a sigh. "Don't even compare me to those bipolar misunderstanding machines." he then looked down to Aoki-san, who was oddly quiet while she buried her face on his chest. "And stop it with the teasing. You're reacting way too much." he said flatly.

The blue-haired woman then chuckled, letting go of him and wiping away the slight tears in her eyes. "It's not teasing… I really am glad." Aoki-san said with a smile on her face. It then dimmed slightly as she gained a thoughtful look. "Still… to think things I never thought possible were actually real. I can't believe magic exists…" her thoughtful expression shifted into a disturbed one. "W-Wait, does that mean all sorts of monsters and things are out there too…?"

"You don't have to be afraid, Aoki-san! Even if the world wasn't what you quite thought it was, and that there are dangers you didn't know were actually real - we're here to protect you!" Rias-san vowed. "We're strong, you know?"

Yuki nodded. "Although I'm not quite at the level of being a fighter as Rias-san and Basa-kun, I would say we managed problems satisfactorily. And I doubt there is anything that could make things difficult with Basa-kun's presence."

"I think you're doing great, Yuki-san. You're improving leaps and bounds. You'll probably catch up in no time." the redhead replied to her with a supportive smile. "But yes, I think nothing will go wrong with Basa-kun here. He has been dealing with this for many years now, and I know he's very powerful." she attested.

Aoki-san blinked, turning to Basa-kun as if she couldn't quite comprehend the idea. "R-Really? Are you some sort of special magician, Basa-kun?"

"Just as special as the three of you are. You all have the potential to be as strong as me." he answered. "Most of the strength came from me taking advantage of abilities and phenomena in different settings, after all."

"...Right, you did say the world works like a story too…" Aoki-san said blankly. "That's… still quite unbelievable, to say the least. Are you saying that my life is going according to some plot? I don't quite think I have a lively enough life for it to belong in some anime or manga…" she paused, looking uncertain. "O-or does it? I'm afraid I'm not caught up with that sort of stuff these days…"

"Yes, your life is dictated by some plot. Specifically, you belong in the adult genre." Basa-kun explained. "With our many sexual escapades, it counts as erotic literature."

Aoki-san blinked, before her cheeks reddened. "Ah, I-I see. That… makes sense." the woman squirmed. "I-I suppose with how intense it gets, sometimes it starts to resemble those types of…" she looked away, trailing off.

"Oh wow, so Aoki-san is from that sort of genre then? I didn't know that, but I guess it fits." Rias-san said with a curious tone. "Ero-doujin's, huh… how does that work? Do you go to sex marathons and fuck all day and night? Maybe those exhibitionism plays? Or is it like S&M?"

Aoki-san's blush intensified as her legs squirmed under her. Yuki tried to keep her expression neutral, and tried to not bring up the images of Basa-kun and Aoki-san doing those deeds in her mind.

"...A-All of them." the woman muttered, looking to the side.

She failed. Yuki shut her eyes and tried to fight down the rising blush on her face.

"Damn." Rias-san let out, biting her lip and looking at Basa-kun. "I really need to up my ante so that I can do it with you already."

Basa-kun raised a single brow. "Take me out for dinner first then maybe I'll consider it. It'll take more than a virgin heroine like you to seduce me." he drawled out, making the redhead squawk.

"W-Wha—!? S-So what if I'm a virgin!? I can totally seduce people! I'm a damn demon!" Rias-san then turned to Yuki and invaded her personal space, much to her surprise. "Y-Yuki-san, I look beautiful don't I? You totally would want to have sex with a bombshell like me, right?"

Yuki felt her face turn red at the sight of the redhead displaying herself to her. Unfortunately due to the girl's forward pose, her eyes were unconsciously drawn down on the demon's beautiful face and her luscious lips, then further down to her bountiful figure. Rias-san smirked triumphantly.

"Aha! See, even Yuki-san agrees!"

"I-I didn't say anything!" Yuki shouted, blushing.

Basa-kun had a flat look. "That doesn't count. You're supernaturally beautiful as a demon, and Yuki is a vulnerable closet bisexual who doesn't even realize she's one. There's no seducing to be done at all."

H-Hold on, what outrageous things was this man spouting!?

"W-Wha—! I-I'm not—!" Yuki shut her eyes and tried to regain her composure. She took a deep breath. "...P-Please, can we just move on from this topic? I believe we're trying to reassure Aoki-san from her worries, correct?"

"Very subtle."

She twitched at his statement. "Please don't make me go over there and smack you, Basa-kun."

A sudden laugh interrupted them before things could escalate, and Yuki turned to see that Aoki-san was looking at them with a joyful smile on her face. The worry that was present on her face ever since they explained the current situation was gone, replaced only with clear mirth and happiness.

Yuki relaxed. It appears that their little banter had given her a slight reprieve. Eventually, her laughter died down into slight chuckles.

"T-That was quite a scene… Thank you, you three. That helped a lot." the woman said, giving them a smile. "I-I still have plenty of questions, but I have a feeling that could be better done later. You three said that you came here for something, isn't that right?"

The three of them glanced between one another, then Basa-kun nodded at her.

"...We do. We want to be around Terumi Fuuka." he stated. "That woman carries a death flag with her. Her plot is about to start, meaning she's predicted to die sometime from now."

That made Aoki-san's smile fall immediately, her eyes widening in horror. "W-What!?" she gasped out. "T-Terumi-chan's going to die!? Are you sure!?"

"Yes. A monster will come and kill her." Basa-kun said, making Aoki-san pale. But before she could panic some more, Rias-san quickly went up to speak.

"Don't worry, Aoki-san! As we said, we're here to put a stop to that!" Rias-san assured her. "She isn't going to die. Right, guys?" she asked, turning to them.

Yuki nodded in agreement, then turned to look at Basa-kun. He just stood there with a neutral look.

"She'll be fine." he simply stated. "Your assistance to make us be around her would be appreciated though."

Aoki-san still looked worried, but she nodded, eyes glinting with resolve. "If… If you need my help, then consider it done. So please help Terumi-chan." she said determinedly. "You need to be around her, then? I can arrange something. Fortunately she doesn't have anything in her schedule but she'll be hanging around the building assisting others."

"Assisting others?" Yuki asked.

The woman nodded, slightly losing her worried look in favor of a soft smile. "That girl… she has a bleeding heart and a sense of duty to match that. She isn't supposed to be working right now, but she comes for the sake of her juniors. She even helps out other employees like me." she frowned. "Terumi-chan should be consoling those girls, but… well, she has a tendency to get a bit overbearing. She should be free right now so I'll give her a call."

Aoki-san turned around to her table and used the desk phone, doing just that. They waited after that, and not even a few minutes later the door to Aoki-san's office received a knock from the outside. Aoki-san opened the door and there, they saw Terumi Fuuka standing at the entrance.

"Yumiko-san? You called for me?" she asked with a smile.

"Yes. You've been thrown out by the doctor, right?" the blue-haired woman asked.

Fuuka-san stiffened. "I— I did not get thrown out!" she stuttered.

"Right." Aoki-san said, unconvinced. "And you won't listen to me telling you to go home as well, correct? You're not scheduled for anything today."

"I told you I didn't get…" she looked away. "...Okay, you're right." the idol then sighed. "Please don't ask me to go home. I don't think I can do that with how restless I feel right now… I'll just be worried sick in my apartment if I go back." she frowned. "My kouhai's still don't know what happened, but I know the news will spread sooner or later. I want to be here when that happens."

Aoki-san's gaze softened. "I can understand… would you mind if I ask you for a favor in the meantime then?" she turned around and gestured to the rest of them. Fuuka-san's eyes easily lit up as she recognized them, especially after the incident and their mutual introductions during that. "I'd like you to give a little tour of the place for these three. I invited them but… well, you see how that turned out."

True to her word, Aoki-san secured them an opportunity to be around Terumi Fuuka.

"...I see. So a tour for these three heroes, huh?" Fuuka-san said, before letting out a smile. "Sure, I suppose it wouldn't do good if their only impression of the company is with what happened earlier."

"Thank you. I'd do it myself, but I have a feeling I'd be very busy after this." Aoki-san said in gratitude. Then her gaze turned far-off, as if she was consumed by her thoughts. "...And I think I'd want to have some alone time before all that as well, just to process all this." she added.

"It was a very shocking turn of events." Fuuka-san agreed, misunderstanding what she meant.

"Yes… yes it was." Aoki-san said in a dazed tone.

Basa-kun walked towards the door, with them following right behind him. As he passed by Aoki-san, he grabbed her hand and squeezed it. "We'll see you later, Aoki-san."

The woman blinked, losing her dazed look, then she let out a warm smile and squeezed his hand back. "I will." she said, before letting go and taking a step away. The woman then frowned and gazed at them solemnly. "Be safe. All of you."

Basa-kun simply nodded.

With that, they left Aoki-san's office and closed the door as they left, following Fuuka-san outside. As they did so however, the idol had a curious look aimed at them.

"What was that about?" she asked.

"She's just worried, especially with what happened." Basa-kun stated vaguely. "Anyhow, we were promised a tour?"

Saying that, the woman's eyes brightened and she gave them all a smile. "Sure. Follow me, you three! I'll show you around!"
The LOVE☆Doll talent agency. It's a company that mainly caters to idols.

It's already obvious from their company name since it itself is a pun; LOVE in Japanese would be 'Ai', and with the Japanese's weird pronunciations for english words, the word 'Doll' would have the same phonemes as '-dol'. So if you combine those two things, you get 'idol'. Very creative, I know.

Of course, it also gives it a coincidentally X-rated meaning that clearly doesn't foreshadow anything, wink wonk. But then again that's already been dealt with, especially with the help of the heroine's sister, who the heroine called in the heat of the moment. I have my own ways to deal with the director, but that works too.

Hm, it's a potential plot hook though. I'd expect the sister to get curious sometime later.

But I digress.

Anyway, this talent agency is filled to the brim with a curious cast of characters since lots of settings utilize idols, but in the end it's no amusement park. Lots of production workshops, casting rooms, and even a big stage to perform on which really showed that this talent agency is one of the major ones in the block, but that's it really. Pretty boring, all things considered… Well, for me, that is. Yuki and Rias are curious about an insider view on being an idol and is currently being enlightened by the walking death flag with us.

Then again, I'm acquainted myself with movie sets and similar places from my many involvements in different genres (happens more often that you'd think; there comes at least a point in detective plots that a murder happens there for some reason), but the two girls with me hadn't, so they probably found this whole thing fascinating unlike me.

"—And this place right here is where we practice our dance. I'm sure you must have passed by it on your way to the management office." the idol explained, showing the earlier lobby where I talked with a murder mystery girl that looked similar to the heroine. "As you can see, lots of other idols are here. It'll be a busy few months for many of us, with the upcoming event and all."

"If I may ask, why aren't you practicing with them, Fuuka-san?" the heroine questioned.

The idol paused, before seemingly gaining a thoughtful look as she put a finger on her chin. "Hmm… well, I normally wouldn't say the reason…"

Yuki shook her head. "It's okay if you don't have to answer, Fuuka-san. It was just out of curiosity."

The idol smiled. "It's fine. With what happened earlier, you three are pretty much trusted. Plus I was dropping hints about it to my fans as well so it's not really much of a big deal." she shook her head. "The truth is, I'm planning to graduate as an idol and try a solo career. It'll be a couple months before the event so there's not much point in me participating."

"Right, and you did say that you have a fiance as well, didn't you?" Rias piped up.

"Yep! And we'll be married right after my graduation!" she turned to me with a teasing smile. "So don't get any ideas, mister!"

I raised a brow. "What makes you think I'd have 'ideas'?"

"Hm, aside from the fact that you look like a playboy, act like a playboy, and are surrounded by beautiful girls?" she gained a faux-thoughtful look. "Hmm… maybe it's because you've been staring at me too much."

"I haven't been staring. Are you sure you're not the one that's conscious of my gaze?"

She crossed her arms, giving me a sly, 'I know what you're doing' look. "I'm not flirting with you."

What's with this woman.

I really haven't been staring at her. The other two heroines with me were actually more conspicuous with that, looking alert in case of anything that might endanger the idol. If anything, they should be the ones she should've noticed.

"...Sure." I settled.

The idol gave me a scolding frown. "You know, you shouldn't really be doing that. Yumiko-san wouldn't appreciate it when you flirt with other girls… I know she's a widow, so don't go filling her heart and leaving it empty a second time, alright?" she warned, tone solemn. Then a few seconds later her frown was replaced with a smile. "Anyhow, can I ask my own question?"

Bit of a mood whiplash there, but I waved it off. I shrugged. "Go ahead."

"So, why did you three come here? Are you interested in becoming idols perhaps?" the idol questioned, head tilted curiously. "You all certainly have the looks for it. Yanai-san has a similar fashion to many of my kouhai… and you two, Satanichia-san and Basa-san. Both of you are foreigners, correct?"

"Yep!" Rias said.

I, meanwhile, raised a brow from that.

"Oh?" I said, slightly surprised. "People don't usually notice that about me."

"Well, the name gives it away. And your appearance too." her eyes sharpened as she observed me. "It's easy to think of you as a delinquent, but taking a closer look that's what you naturally look like, right? You didn't dye your hair nor give yourself a tan at all." she then gave me a sympathetic smile. "That must have caused you a bit of trouble. Some of my kouhai have similar problems, you see. I knew one girl who got bullied for having natural blonde hair."

…Alright, that gives a few points in her favor.

As expected of an idol, she knew her fashion. I suppose she could spot the difference between what is cosmetic and what is natural with her experience in work.

"We're not here to apply as idols, Fuuka-san. We're just here to visit Aoki-san's workplace after she invited us here." the heroine answered.

"I see… a shame then." the idol didn't seem to mind the us not joining, and she turned around and continued walking. "Anyway, we should go to the next place I can show you. It's a bit far away actually, but I think you three are going to like it!"

We followed her and the two girls with me continued to chat with her as she led us to the elevator, then we were brought to the topmost floor in the agency building after a short elevator ride. As we continued walking to wherever the idol was trying to lead us, I glanced to the side to see that the heroine was discreetly glancing at me, as if she wanted to say something.

I casted a little spell so that we could speak telepathically - something that I've mimicked in a particular setting which included psychic viral mutants from some island laboratory. It's a handy trick that I'm sure would be something we'll use often to coordinate with each other on the field now that I wouldn't be working alone. Certainly would be much more reliable than using standard comm units.

Yuki stiffened slightly as she felt my magical energy connect to hers, while Rias just sent me a curious look when I did the same to her.

—So, something you want to talk about? I spoke in their minds.

For their part, they didn't even react when they heard my voice as we kept walking and keeping the idol busy as she kept yapping about something or another. Impressively though, the two girls were keeping up with her conversation despite them not having thought-partitioning down yet for multitasking.

…There's no sign of monsters or any sort of danger at all. The heroine said, making her worry known. Will her death really happen today? I know you said it will, but is there a possibility that it changed with our presence?

Possible, but very unlikely. I answered. It would take more than us just talking to her to stop her death. It falls under minimal interaction in most standards.

…But how can we actually stop her death from happening, Basa-kun? You never said anything about that. Rias asked.

I mentally hummed. Tell me what you think. You guys are here to get experience after all.

That made Rias blink. Er… okay? the redhead's face scrunched up in thought. Can't we protect Fuuka-san from danger? Keep her away from suspicious places or stuff like that? That should prevent her death, correct?

I sent them a mental impression of a head shake. No, her role in her own plot is to be the first victim, therefore fate itself will insist her to die. Terumi Fuuka is marked to be killed by a monster in her plot, from this day onwards. Even if we try to, we don't have the time to protect her at all times.

The redhead let out a frown outwardly. I guess that's true…

"—Hm…? Is there something wrong, Satanichia-san?" the idol asked, stopping what she was saying after noticing her expression.

"O-Oh, nothing! I was just, you know…." Rias floundered, before settling on an excuse. "I was just thinking… h-how it feels like to have your own wedding? I-I mean, you did say you will be having your own, Fuuka-san."

The idol blinked, then giggled. "I see. So you want to know about my wedding? I can tell you that arranging it is very hectic." she let out a smile. "I wanted it to be perfect. I have it pictured in my mind, you know? An ethereal, floaty scenery… filled with hanging flowers and decorative balloons. I want it to ensnare me, make my breath catch in my throat as I walk down the aisle…"

Rias took on a fascinated expression as she listened. "Huh…"

In the meantime, the heroine telepathically spoke up once more. …What about getting rid of her death flags? You said something earlier about signs that she'll die, like her hairstyle. What if we changed that about her?

Those are just signs. Curing the symptom doesn't cure the ailment itself, does it? I replied, before I slightly titled my head in consideration. Though if you mean by other signs like her having a fiance or her gentle personality, then destroying her relationships or inducing a personality change could be enough to change her role from a victim character.

I'd rather not do that, thank you. The heroine said flatly.

—What if we just kill the monster then? Rias piped up, acting like she was listening to the idol as she kept talking about her wedding. Shouldn't that get rid of the danger itself?

You're on the right track. I commented.

The heroine frowned thoughtfully. So the monster has to die during her encounter with it. In short, we use Fuuka-san as bait. I don't quite like the way we'd risk her to such a danger… but I suppose at least that way, she won't die.

In a way, yeah. I said idly.

The heroine's eyes narrowed in suspicion at me. …You're not telling us something. She deduced. What are you—

"—Alright, here we are, you three!" the idol suddenly said, interrupting the heroine. She brought us to a set of stairs that is curiously going up. The heroine's eyes widened imperceptibly at the sight, her gaze turning to me, then back to the stairs. "It's just right up here." the idol continued.

Rias seems to have caught Yuki's change in expression. What's wrong? she asked, concerned.

…This is the top floor, isn't it? So why is there another set of stairs? The heroine pointed out, making the redhead's eyes lit up in realization. This isn't something supernatural that affects the building itself, is it?

I don't feel any signs of magic… Rias trailed off. But you're right. It is strange. We should be ready.

I stayed quiet as the two talked, the three of us following the idol from behind.

The four of us went up the stairs, a sense of unease growing in our little group that the idol seemed oblivious to. The heroine and the redhead were tense, bodies poised and alert for anything that might happen. The sense of unease reached a crescendo as we reached the top and was left face to face with a door.

"Alright, this is my favorite place in the building. It's technically supposed to be restricted to other people but… don't just tell anyone we've been here, alright?" she smiled mischievously, bringing a finger up to her lips.

She opened the door, and Yuki and Rias stiffened—

"Ta-da!"

—And we were left with the sight of a clear blue sky.

The two girls beside me blinked.

The idol stepped out of the roof, giggling as a strong breeze made her dress and hair flutter. "So this is the building's roof! I come here when I have free time with others, like eating lunch or after practice. It's very windy here, isn't it?" she said cheerfully.

Seeing as the two girls were still surprised, I took the opportunity to speak up.

"Yeah." I said, taking a look around the place. "Pretty good view too."

I wasn't lying. Relative to the other buildings around this downtown area, this building was the highest and offered a good view of everything below. Additionally on the horizon, further into the bustling city, you could see the sight of taller buildings that offered a great perspective of the local skyline. I certainly wouldn't mind eating my lunch here.

"Right!? This place is the best!"

…It was just the roof. The heroine muttered telepathically. On the outside her face was as neutral as ever, but if one were to look closely then you could spot the smidgen of red on her cheeks. O-Of course, that makes sense…

Pfft. And she was so worked up about it too.

I-It was your fault acting so suspicious! I thought you were trying to surprise us or something! The heroine shouted in my mind, tone embarrassed.

Wait, did I broadcast those thoughts? Didn't mean that. Teehee pero.

This guy… Yuki grumbled. Was I broadcasting still? Whoops.

Oh, it's okay Yuki-san! Nothing wrong with being cautious! Rias consoled with a chuckle, before moving on to chat with the idol and look at the view from high up.

…Right. The heroine fought down her embarrassment, then she turned her gaze to me. Now, Basa-kun. You're being awfully vague earlier, particularly on what I said about Fuuka-san not dying… Was that meant to imply something?

I met her gaze with a raised brow. Are you giving up? This is supposed to be a test, you know?

She let out a mental sigh. Yes. I'm giving up. Please tell us the answer already.

Alright. I shrugged at that. See the thing is, because she's a victim type of character and with us allowing a monster to be around, along with the presence of definite obstacles that try to prevent the birth of a new plotline… I looked up into the sky. …Well, the narrative fate will absolutely try to guarantee her death.

There was a definite pause as I said that.

"What?" / "Eh?" Yuki and Rias said out loud. momentarily forgetting to use their telepathy.

The idol looked at them in puzzlement. "Hm? …Is there something wrong?" she started to walk towards us. "I—"

What happened after that only occured in less than a second, leaving the two unable to react much to my predictions.

The moment she moved towards us, something snaked down from above, almost innocuous as it did so. It was, however, anything but as it was a little rope tied with a noose on the end. It slid itself almost snuggingly and peacefully past through her head before landing on her neck.

"—ggrhkk!"

Then it tightened, lifting the idol up high - the gravity causing her to let out a unfeminine choking sound as her throat was constricted. And even then that sudden movement is fatal enough as I heard a dangerous crack indicating that her neck broke.

And following the rope that carried the idol, looking right above to whatever it was connected to…


Spoiler

…Well, that's something you don't see everyday.

There we could see a very strange monster, floating like a balloon up high - somehow with the same face as the one that's dying on the rope underneath. It sounds very stupid, but its appearance was so uncanny and unnatural that it was enough to be creepy. It also appeared with the terrifying presence like the monster in the church, but curiously this one was a bit weaker.

Still, the mere sight of it made the heroine and the redhead shocked and unsettled, especially with the dangling body it carried.

"Fuuka-san!" Yuki shouted in horror.

"It got her!" Rias cried out. "W-What the hell even is that!?"

Oi, don't just stand there and get caught up in your reactions. Valuable opportunities are wasted from going all 'Nani!?' when you could be beating it up already. Looks like I'd have to beat that out of these two in practice spars.

Not that it isn't understandable since it does look pretty weird, but it looks like I have to deal with this myself.

—So I moved.

The balloon monster was barely able to register the moment I appeared right in front of its face before kicking it with reinforced legs. My foot hit its face and after the initial resistance, my foot tore through it as it popped like a balloon, air rushing out of its surprisingly hollow insides. The monster didn't even have a chance to change the expression on its large stupid face as it died.

That would've been it… but there was something wrong. My sixth senseTM​ was going overdrive.

I was proven right when I felt some cursed energy travel from the monster down to the idol. I reacted quickly, twisting midair and ripping the woman off the noose on her neck as I saw her face slightly tear similar to the wound I inflicted to the monster. I managed to stop it from getting worse by using a burst of mana to drive away the backlash, and the curse whizzed away into nothingness.

A resonance effect, I realized. The monster was clearly connected to the idol since it bore its face. Perhaps it meant something metaphorical, but all it did was to make the monster even weirder.

The whole exchange lasted in like a second or so and I landed on the ground whilst holding the idol in a bridal carry, before laying her down on the floor. With that, I took stock of the woman's injuries.

Her face was bleeding slightly and there wasn't any much damage to her face thanks to me preventing the backlash from the monster. But that didn't really matter as her neck was broken from the noose hoisting her up earlier and that was fatal enough of an injury. Textbook Hangman's fracture. This woman was, in fact, very much dead.

Good thing though that death isn't the end for many things, especially for a world as ridiculous as this.

Her soul would leave her body in about a few seconds or so, going to whatever afterlife system the world needs her to be in, but it was enough time for me to work my magic. A little bullshit healing martial arts to realign her vertebrae and a healing spell to fix the damage, then moving on to the gash on her face. And just like that her body was now completely healed and as good as new.

Then I kickstarted her heart with an isolated lightning spell targeting her cardiac muscles and the woman was alive again.

Rapid footsteps approached behind me, making me turn around to look. It was Yuki and Rias. Looks like they finally regained their composure.

"Basa-kun! What happened to Fuuka-san!? Is she okay!?" Rias shouted in concern, expression fearful much like Yuki who followed beside her.

"She died, but it's fine now. I revived her." I stood up, ignoring their stunned looks and giving them a hard one of my own. "Anyway, look alive you two… It looks like the plot is starting now."

I looked up at the sky.

The two girls blinked, then followed my gaze. Their postures tensed and the two visibly looked at what they saw in shock, but ultimately managed to get a hold of themselves focused.

Yuki let out a deep breath while she summoned her spirit katanas, the sheathed weapons appearing on her hip, and Rias' eyes narrowed in focus as she unfurled her wings and summoned a magic circle that lazily spun on her palms. They stared at the sky with a hard gaze, intent to deal with our current problem.


Spoiler

Because now, similar balloon monsters started floating from high above with faces of many different people. They dotted the sky countlessly, casting a shade on the sun as they blocked it, appearing like a very demented and strange impression of an alien invasion but with… weird balloon heads. I've seen many strange things, but this one is definitely getting in the top ten.

I let out an exhale.

"This world doesn't just run out of surprises, does it." I said flatly.
Last edited: Mar 28, 2024
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Fungod, leks, adamasx and 1,866 others
Skrubchap
Mar 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jun 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,726
Wow, guess who lives? Sorry for the long wait. Things were busy, but at least I'll be able to conclude this little arc now. Was also planning to create a new story that I'll post some time… despite the fact that I still have many unfinished stories waiting in line :V


Chapter 14

As Basa, Yuki, and Rias are currently dealing with the appearance of horror monsters, inside the building a different scenario was happening entirely. The practice and rehearsals of the many idols participating in the upcoming Idol festival was momentarily halted to address something of importance.

The dance studio that the idols were practicing in was very spacious, enough to house a hundred people with enough space for extras, and was complete with a mock stage set which would be similar to the one in the actual event. Almost fifty or more idol groups were inside making the room filled with a colorful cast of girls, and along with the production crew who assisted them, it made even such a spacious place feel crowded.

Aoki Yumiko stood in front of the crowd as their attention was focused on her.

In light of recent events, an impromptu meeting is arranged within the dance studio. Rumors and details of what happened had already spread - undoubtedly, there are some who witnessed the director of their partner company being hauled by the police - and things would devolve the longer things don't get addressed properly. The split of the company's higher ups on how to deal with the situation wasn't helping things either, so as the highest person in charge that is currently not being suckered into the power struggle within the company, she took it upon herself to deal with it.

Her mind was still whirling from the things that she had learned today. Even now she wondered if what Basa-kun had told her earlier were all false. Magic being? Terumi-chan dying? The world working like an anime story? It all seemed far-fetched and outlandish.

Yet despite all that, she kept her confident smile up.

"So," she began cheerily, addressing the crowd - many of their faces familiar as a veteran manager who had personally worked with many idol groups. "I'm sorry for interrupting this practice session so suddenly, but there are… recent events that needed to be addressed."

A girl suddenly spoke up. Yumiko remembered her as a particularly gutsy and impatient girl, having the same air as Rias-chan, but a unique impulsiveness which led to her charm. "Excuse me, Yumiko-san! I heard that a few idols got blackmailed, was that rumor true!?"

The crowd murmured at that. Those who had heard of it looked similarly concerned, but those who didn't hear the news were just shocked at what they heard. Going back to the girl, a member of her group smacked her in the head for her speaking up, making the girl yelp out an 'Ow!'.

She blinked. That… that reminded her of some of the slapstick anime she watched as a teenager— N-No, no. That can wait for another time.

"Well, it looks like many of you have heard it already." she said with a sardonic smile, one which eventually turned into a frown. Here comes the hard part. "Unfortunately… Yes, that rumor is true. The director of a partner company was found blackmailing a few girls. He was caught and is currently being put behind bars as we speak."

The murmurs and hushed talking exploded into full-blown clamor. She quickly clapped her hands, cutting in and gaining their attention before it could snowball into something worse. "I won't say the names of the idols in question to keep them safe, but you should know that they're currently recovering. Thankfully, we managed to intervene before anything drastic happened."

"How long has this been happening!?" one girl shouted.

"We've heard rumors, but for it to be really true…!" she caught another girl mutter.

Yumiko frowned. "I understand that the news is a shock to everyone, but you can rest assured that we are already doing our best investigating what is going on along with the authorities. Everyone involved will be held responsible." she reassured.

Her words weren't as effective as she liked, seeing the faces of the girls, but it was understandable considering the situation. Even she was unsure of what to do considering the state of the management right now.

"Yumiko-san." a girl suddenly spoke up near her, making her look at them. Yumiko realized that she was the lead of the idol group that just finished practicing on the stage before she appeared with her announcement - Sayaka-chan, if she recalled correctly. The girl with straight black hair and cool disposition reminded her of Yuki-chan… along with many other girls here, now that she noticed.

"Y-Yes, Sayaka-chan?" she said, focusing once more on the conversation at hand.

She was quiet for a moment, seemingly in thought. "I have to wonder - I ran into a few people that wanted to visit you, and I can't help but notice that they're sudden appearance was strange." she tilted her head. "Did they have something to do with the incident?"

E-Eh!? H-How…!?

A few people blinked in confusion at her sudden statement. It was, after all, a completely random thing to say. Yet for Yumiko the whole thing was a completely accurate shot in the dark that it left her reeling in surprise. How did she even manage to get to that conclusion!?

"I-I'm not sure what you're talking about?" she said in confusion, trying to cover her surprise. Judging by the slight narrowing of the girls' eyes though, she hadn't quite managed to - and the girl opened her mouth, undoubtedly about to question her some more.

Thankfully, she was saved from an awkward questioning.

"—What is the meaning of this!?"

The door suddenly opened roughly, banging on the walls and almost tearing off its hinges as it swung open. They all looked as another manager, a peer of Yumiko's in terms of seniority, entered the room with an incensed look on his face.

"Aoki! What are you doing stopping the dance practice!? You're disrupting the schedule!" the man shouted.

She frowned. "I thought it prudent to address a concern before it could get worse. It's my responsibility as their manager."

"It's your responsibility to shut your trap and do what you're told!" he retorted angrily. "Now leave and quit putting rubbish on these idol's heads!"

"What are you talking about? An idol group was just blackmailed - by a director, no less! This is no little matter that can be just ignored!" she said back, her voice rising as well.

"Are you seriously believing in that rumor?"

A befuddled look appeared in her face. "What?"

The manager gave her a sneer. "A director of a partner company blackmailing our idols? Don't be stupid. This is why people like you shouldn't be in charge - do you think you can go freely claiming things like that?"

"They were arrested earlier!" And she saw it happen right in front of her!

He scoffed. "So? That person was just a stalker that had been arrested after breaking in. An entirely unrelated incident. As the chief manager, I would've thought that you can manage to differentiate between truth and rumor." he shook his head. "Now leave these idols be. I'm sure you've fed them enough bullshit for them to drown in it."

The girls and staff around her began murmuring once more, confusion and doubt appearing in their expressions once more as the man's words served to muddle the situation in their minds. Yumiko scowled and glared at the manager who simply looked at her with a gleam in his eye; and just like that, she realized that this man was most likely on the side that worked with the arrested director.

"Do you think you can do this?" she asked darkly. In response, he tilted his head questioningly.

"I don't understand what you're talking about, but I was sent by the higher ups to fix anything that might make the situation more complicated as it is." he mirrored her glare. "Expect some words from them after your little stunt here."

Yumiko growled, opening her mouth to deny his words - but a sight of something made her pause. Right there, visible on the window just behind the manager.

"W-What…?"

That was because what she was looking at… it was the strangest thing that she had ever seen. It was a floating head, with a rope fastened under it. Like the most surreal balloon in existence.

All concern on the present situation was replaced with panic, and she turned to the girls to see if she was seeing things correctly. They were all focused on her and her fellow manager, who was now looking quite smug, misinterpreting her shock as him managing to get one over her verbally. They showed no sign of seeing those creatures floating outside, not even taking the slightest glance at the window.

Was she turning insane? What exactly was happening?

Her fellow manager smirked. "What? Can't say anything back? If I were you, I'd be returning to my office and packing up. This sort of slander is unforgivable and…" he blinked as his words trailed off. The manager then brought something out from his pocket, revealing a phone receiving a call. The man clicked his tongue and angrily took it. "What? I'm in the middle of something here." a pause. "Yanai who? What are you on about?"

Then the man suddenly froze in place.

"Fired!? Me!? What the hell did I do!? I'm covering up all our asses here and—!"

He stopped, suddenly aware of the gazes of every idol and staff aimed towards him, before backing away with an awkward expression. "T-There's, there's something I need to do." he stuttered.

Yumiko can only stare as the now ex-manager then ran out of the dance studio as fast as he could. That was a bit sudden.

"Does he have something to do with the incident?" she heard Sayaka-chan mutter, once more demonstrating her uncanny intuition. "And he mentioned the Yanai… he must mean the family of politicians."

In the back of her mind she noticed the same thing, meaning that Yuki-chan's family had already caught on to the people that were involved in the scandal and were removing them from the company. Considering that it's only been a couple of hours since the incident, the speed of it would've been alarming.

Unfortunately, she was still stuck on the floating head creatures that were right outside the window. Something that no one noticed even now, despite the many people here. Even Sayaka-chan who was facing that direction! If she noticed such minute details from the manager, shouldn't be noticing that there's something wrong in the sky right now!?

Before she could fully lose her mind on what was happening she felt her phone buzz in her pocket. Yumiko took it out in a daze - and then suddenly blinked, when she noticed who had sent her a message.

It was Basa-kun.

Keep calm and don't worry, we have things under control. We'll be containing these things for now. Be rest assured that people won't notice or get hurt by those things - though, I'm going to need your help with that.

Yumiko read the instructions and details that he sent, gradually losing her hysteria as she finally settled into a course of action where she wouldn't be left floundering without a clue. All that was left was determination so that she could keep her girls and coworkers safe - along with the undercurrent of nervousness towards the young man and his two girlfriends for what they would be facing.

She put the phone down and took a deep breath.

Then, she clapped her hands and gained the attention of the people inside the studio, cutting their mumbling as they turned to look at her.

"So!" she said, the mask of confidence returning to her as she addressed them all. "Where were we again?"

Right now, she has a role to play.


Yuki felt the heaviness within her body disappear as her training mystic code deactivated, and for the first time in a few days, her body felt as light as the wind. She did a couple of swings on her sword to test her strength, finding it much easier without the artificial burden done by the training tool, before taking a deep breath to calm her nervousness and anticipation for the upcoming battle.

Most of her forays with Basa-kun could be described as 'cleaning up' so to speak; where they just kept themselves hidden and defeated monsters or manipulated events in certain plots to not make it worse. She even just took her first life a few days ago. This was going to be the first time she would partake in such a large-scale battle.

Yuki made to focus her mind on the task at hand, then looked at Basa-kun, who was currently looking at his phone.

"...Hm, looks like this was just a local phenomenon. None of these creatures seem to be appearing in other places, so these balloon head creatures might just be spilling continuously from this certain area." Basa-kun inferred, bringing down his phone.

Rias-san frowned as she stared at the creatures in the sky, a readied magical circle spinning idly on her hand thrumming with her demonic magic.

"There's way too much of these things… How are we going to deal with this, Basa-kun?" she asked gravely.

A neutral hum answered her, before he spoke. "I asked Aoki-san to gather the idols so the supernatural ones inside wouldn't notice and to prevent unnecessary risks. But with the monsters grouped up like this it makes things easier."

With that, Yuki watched as Basa-kun made a gesture, bringing his two fingers up like shinobi in modern media, and watched as her supernatural senses registered as he did… something that she didn't know, and probably haven't learned yet.

Then she watched as a sphere, registered in her magical senses as something black as ink, suddenly appeared up in the sky right where the creatures were. She watched as it expanded, enveloping the entirety of the area where the creatures are at, before it solidified and changed itself - warping light around it and making the black turn similar to its surroundings thus appearing completely camouflaged.

Although she was unfamiliar with the process, the end result was something that she knew from her studies - a bounded field, aiming to entrap the monsters from within that certain area, along with other uses that she didn't recognize.

"Huh…" Beside her, Rias-san blinked in surprise. "What was that, Basa-kun? I don't recognize that sort of magic." she said curiously.

"It's from an isolated plot involving Japanese exorcists. It's unique in a way that they seem to think that their magical system is the only one that exists, even overseas." he answered. "Not much going on for them, but they do have a fast bounded field casting spell."

He glanced at them. "By the way, those monsters maintain a connection with the people who they have as heads. That barrier should prevent any backlash from traveling to those they connected to. No one should notice the barrier and everything inside it - even from the people from which the setting the barrier comes from due to my little modification." he added. "So go ahead and let loose."

"Alright! I'll go do that!" Rias-san shouted excitedly. Yuki watched as the redhead flapped her wings and ascended into the sky. The monsters were visibly surprised at her, before it turned into fear when she started shooting demonic spells conjured out of her magic circles. The monsters around her died easily.

It was looking at her friend that Yuki realized a certain problem.

"...How can I reach that?" she muttered.

She never learned anything that would make her fly. Her ranged attacks are don't reach that high either.

"You don't have anything to fly with, but I can teach you a trick to reach those heights." Yuki blinked as she realized that Basa-kun was now standing beside her. She tilted her head at his words.

"A trick? What do you mean by— Eek!"

Yuki let out a squeak of surprise when Basa-kun suddenly grabbed her waist, pulling her up against his side. She felt the familiar sensation of her face pressed against his pectorals and unconsciously breathed his scent, the position reminding her of what happened after her talk with her clubmates - yet before she could register all that and become flustered, Basa-kun suddenly jumped high towards the monsters.

Her mouth felt dry when she glanced down and saw that the building they stood in was so far below now. Then as Basa-kun reached the apex of his jump, she felt herself pale when gravity reasserted itself since they were going to fall down this great height and—

They stopped, with Basa-kun landing midair like he was standing on invisible steps.

"W-What?" Yuki said in surprise.

"This is a trick in the same setting as your spirit weapon. With your level of control, you should be able to accomplish this easily." Basa-kun explained as he tapped his foot midair in demonstration. "Focus your spiritual energy like summoning your katanas, but isolate it in the bottom of your feet instead. The energy should act like a platform for you."

Yuki was quiet for a moment as she tried to set her head straight. "...Right."

She took a deep breath and then did what he instructed. Pulling the spiritual energy from the depths of her soul, she focused on letting it out on her feet only - then tentatively, she brought down a foot. She then felt some sort of invisible ground she was stepping on.

Feeling a bit confident she left Basa-kun's grasp and stood on her own. It's somewhat jarring to do this - her sense of touch registered that she was standing on a surface yet her sight clearly shows that she isn't. Her legs also felt a bit weak due to the instinctual fear associated with heights, but she managed to push through it.

"Good job." Basa-kun congratulated her. "Those will act as platforms you can jump from or steps if you're feeling lazy. Just remember that you're not on the ground though, so no rolling or anything like that. You're going to need to channel spiritual energy from different parts of your body if you want to attempt it."

"...Right." Yuki replied. For a moment she was silent, before she looked away. "...Please tell me next time before you'd grab me like that." she muttered.

Basa-kun stared at her. Yuki didn't meet his eyes, out of desire not to show her emotions and to not be reminded of… what would've flustered her earlier, and by extension, her little breakdown at school. Not like it worked though, considering Basa-kun raised a brow at her.

He then shrugged. "Sure." he acquiesced easily. After that, he looked above. "Better get ready though - here they come."

The words were like a bucket of ice that removed all flustered feelings from her. She turned in the direction he was looking and saw that the floating head creatures were moving towards them, giving malevolent smiles as they did so.

With that, Yuki readied her two katanas in a stance.

"Come join us…" the monsters muttered.

The ropes tied underneath them all reached towards her, moving tenderly as if it tried to take her in a sweet embrace… and when it approached her range—

"—Hah!"

Yuki let loose and slashed her swords, moving instinctually as her weapons cut the ropes into pieces before they could even reach her. The monsters screeched in pain, their grotesque faces twisting into ugly expressions.

Her body moved. The aerial steps were made without difficulty as she danced around the monsters and slashing their heads, deflating them like balloons and killing them. She felt a foreign energy coming out of them as they died, reaching to some far-away target but splashing harmlessly on the barrier Basa-kun set up. That must be the backlash that Basa-kun said earlier.

Seeing there was nothing to worry about, she moved onto the nearest monster. She jumped, falling in the air as her target was below her and slashed the unknowing monster midair, then landed herself on a created platform. The one monster near it looked at her in surprise, but wasn't able to do anything as she moved once again and punctured it with her sword.

Yuki danced around the sky; horror monsters dying all around her as her swords slashed and cut everything around it. Tattered ruins of the balloon-like skin flew around and decorated her like demented cherry blossom petals, all accompanied with a cacophony of the monsters' dying screams.

Despite the fact this situation was all strange and messed up…

Yuki let out a smile.

Somehow, she could get used to this.


She lost herself in the action, her mind stuck in a trance where she would dodge, block and slash. Yuki didn't know how many monsters she had cut already; but everytime she looked around, there seemed to be just as many as before.

She was starting to get a bit tired now. While the monsters were easy to kill, the sheer amount of them is proving to be a chore. They just seemed to be spilling continuously from the sky. Even Rias-san, who had been throwing spells and even let out a huge one that killed a lot of monsters in a single area, hadn't had much effect as the defeated monsters were replaced with new ones.

Yuki was starting to wonder if there was even an end to it.

She furrowed her brow and looked around. Perhaps she could voice her concern to Basa-kun, if he didn't already realize such a possibility. However, when she did so, she froze when a strange sight appeared near her.

"What…?"

A monster was floating near her. Yet unlike the other ones, this particular balloon… It had her face.

It was surreal, seeing her own face put into a malformed creature like that. She even felt a bit insulted looking at it. Like someone had taken her photo, made a deformed picture of her in a photo editing program and then showed it to her.

"Greetings… Me." it greeted her with an evil grin, one that she never imagined she would make. "I must say, it's a surprise to meet you here."

Her eyes narrowed at its words. There was a certain smugness in its tone - it must know that she can't just cut it down because of the connection it has with her, and since she's inside the barrier the backlash would actually affect her.

"No words? Not even deigning to engage in conversation?" the monster continued to speak. "I suppose it seems fitting for someone that has the 'Ice queen' moniker in all schools they have gone through. Trying to act as if she's above everyone else - but then we both know that's just a facade to make yourself not feel lonely, right?"

…And it looks like the monster also has some supernatural connection to her to the point that it knows her memories. She didn't even acknowledge the possibility of this monster actually being her, of course - since if that was the case then there should be no 'cursed energy' present in the monster, and Basa-kun would've said something about it.

"I recognize that expression. You must be denying that I'm actually a part of you." the monster smiled. "Even if I am a distinct entity created supernaturally, it doesn't change the fact that we are connected to one another. Your soul is intrinsically linked with mine; or more accurately, they are one and the same." her eyes narrowed. "And though Basa-kun had not said so, are you willing to trust the judgment of someone you've barely known?"

"I'd trust him more than a monster that aims to murder people." she muttered.

"And she finally speaks." the monster said with a smile. Its patronizing, playful tone… Yuki can't help but feel irritated, reminding her of someone in her family that she doesn't like. The fact that it's her face that speaks makes her hate it even more. "Still, you trust him? How can you be so sure when you've only met him for a month?"

She frowned, looking around while keeping an eye on the monster. She may not be able to harm this particular one, but it doesn't stop her from killing the others. Yuki moved to eliminate the ones nearby.

Annoyingly, the monster kept up with her. "Don't think you can ignore me by focusing on other things. After all, don't you think it's strange? Things have changed ever since he appeared, but are they really for the better? Sure, the club's atmosphere had moved from its painful stages, but now you were left alone. Makoto-kun chose Kaede. If it weren't for Basa-kun, there's a chance that might've not happened, right?"

Her lips twitched downwards even as she slashed her swords on the monsters. The logic it was spouting was nonsensical; Basa-kun wasn't at fault for her turning meta, nor Makoto-kun choosing Kaede-san in the first place. She wouldn't blame him for something like that, and doing so would be the height of shallowness.

"But then again, you wouldn't blame him for that." the monster said, somewhat mirroring her thoughts. "After all, you like him don't you?"

She stopped in her tracks, before regaining the presence of mind to dodge a rope that reached out from the floating head monster in front of her. "What?" she growled.

"Don't deny it. You like him, don't you? You find him attractive. He's tall, fit, and quite handsome - unlike Makoto-kun, who you only liked since he's the first person who treated you differently." the monster let out a grin. "Perhaps that's why you were able to bounce back so fast from Makoto-kun's rejection - you were already harboring an attraction for someone else. Were you perhaps hoping even to be rejected by him? It's not quite cheating… but then again, changing loyalties in such a short time is quite strange, isn't it? And to think that you were judging girls your age for being shallow."

Yuki clicked her tongue. She knows that the monster was messing with her mind and was trying to distract her. The best way to deal with it was to make it shut up or incapacitate it, but she doesn't have any way to do that.

"And not only that, you were harboring an attraction to a man that looks like he has a harem of girls waiting for him! And don't even hide your discovery of liking girls. Who could've known that you were such a whore?" the monster continued to speak. "Was this really what Yuki Yanai all amounted to? A side piece for someone she had barely met? Whatever happened to that prideful self of yours?"

…Annoying.

It was annoying. It was clearly trying to poke at her insecurities and the thoughts weighing in her mind recently, and she can feel its words stabbing into her heart since it's just verbalizing the ones she had thought on her own. She could see another person losing their composure from its words, confronting the monster in anger.

But not her. She had dwelled in her own thoughts to recognize that such things were useless. She also has enough self-awareness to realize that what was being verbalized by the monster wasn't her complete thoughts, and most of those are truths by technicalities and lies by omission. And even then, anger seems to be an overreaction; if anything, it's more appropriate for her to turtle in herself than lash out.

So she could only look at the monster following her with an annoyed expression.

"...?"

And in response, the monster looked confused. It truly expected her to fully lash out at it in anger.

Perhaps this was a fundamental difference between a drama character like her and someone from the horror genre. It would be expected that someone from horror would exhibit irrational and reckless responses; so psychological tricks like these, where one is confronted by their own insecurities, would be somewhat of a weakness for them.

Still, for it to be baiting her… she can recognize the signs in some of the lessons Basa-kun had given her and her own familiarity with tropes. In these types of scenarios, after a particularly emotional response, there would be a surprise waiting for the character… but what exactly?

Yuki looked around and saw that none of the monsters were near her. There were many, but all of them were outside her range and their own range of attack as well. There seemed to be quite a lot of them grouped up though… like they were keeping distance from her.

…Hold on, now that she realized it, some of their ropes… It was longer than usual. Could it be—?

Yuki looked around again in a new light and realized that countless ropes were attempting to extend towards her, boxing her in while they were well outside their range. She managed to read where the situation was going - since if she did get angry at the monster wearing her face she wouldn't have noticed all this - but her lack of options beside her swords made the prediction useless. They grouped each other in a way that even if she were to launch herself to them, it would still be difficult to defeat without being ensnared. The alternative was to just sit there and wait for the countless ropes to get to her.

She tried to find a smaller group that she could try and break through - but it seemed that the monster realized that their jig was up.

"Tch. She noticed." it grunted. "Quick, cluster up!"

It tried to reach her with its rope but she just dodged. She glanced around in a hurry as the monsters abandoned stealth to just try and surround her from all sides, ropes extending farther than their usual range as they did so.

This… this is dangerous. She could be in trouble.

—Or at least that was what she would've thought, if it weren't for the presence of someone.

It was a sudden thing. Without so much a sound or a whistle, all the monsters surrounding her were torn to shreds, blasted by precise magic that targeted the same spot in all their foreheads. The monsters died instantaneously and simultaneously, popping and disappearing easily like the balloons that they try to hopelessly resemble.

Then out of nowhere, as if he had been there the entire time…

"Yo. Can't help but notice you're in a bad spot."

Basa-kun said so from behind the monster wearing her face. It stiffened, especially when he reached out and touched its cheek, almost caressing it with his hand.

"Let me deal with this, yeah?" he said with a smile.


I watched as the heroine blink in surprise at my sudden appearance. She was caught in a trap made by the enemy - but that was fine. It's these sort of lessons that needed to be taught to her through actual experience so that it'll stick. Good for her to be savvy enough to read the flow of battle though, even if she depended too much on her swords this time. That'd also remind her again the value of having different tools at her disposal while also making her desire to add more to her repertoire on her own.

She'd be the type to reflect on her mistakes as a drama character. Her growth continued in a steady progress, and a controlled battlefield like this is important for her betterment. A few more battles and she'll probably be a decent enough fighter that reaches my standards.

But now that she had her fun, it was time to deal with the problem.

"...Did you hear all that?" Yuki asked in a soft tone.

I was quiet for a moment. It was obvious what she was referring to. "...No need to worry." I answered. "I was aware of what it was saying. It's natural for developments like that to occur, and you could even say I fully expected it."

"Right…" she looked away, an embarrassed blush appearing on her face. "Of course you fully expected it, you did call those who become meta as love interests…" she muttered.

I guess it would be embarrassing for the enemy to reveal your private thoughts in the middle of the fight, with the person themselves listening in.

But going back to the monster - no, rather than a horror monster that acted more mindless, I suppose it would be accurate to call these things as an actual antagonist. Callous, malevolent, and one-dimensional 'Villains' that wanted to cause evil. If handled wrong, they have the curious tendency to pop up again and again in some genres. There's no shortage of them in this world though, and I knew well enough on how to deal with them.

"Now… what to do with you?" I said, leaning in and saying so near its ear.

First step: catch them off guard. I caught it in a vulnerable position, then started blasting it with the fear aura. In an ironic turn of events the monster that was supposed to be feared shook as it was left in my mercy; unable to do anything and feeling as if it's in mortal peril.

"W-W-Wait, Basa-kun! Please don't kill me! I'm Yuki Yanai, just another side of her!" it cried out, making a pathetic expression that the heroine would be caught dead making. Yuki clicked her tongue, probably feeling a little insulted at its display. "I'm her true and unreleased form! You're making a mistake by killing me, by killing us all!"

Of course it would say something like that. A completely vague description, one that probably is technically correct but far off the mark if judged in its entirety. Now normally I'd just ignore it, but addressing this was also a crucial action.

"True and unreleased form you say?" I said in faux-curiosity. "Do you perhaps mean that you came from the collective subconscious of humanity or something?"

"Y-Yes! We came from that! We've come to reunite with all of you to experience the truth!"

"Cool." I smiled. "Then, where's my balloon?"

It froze up. "P-Pardon?"

"You don't have mine, don't you?" I said, and after a moment of silence from it, I went on. "Because you can't form a connection with me, the cursed energy being rebuffed by defenses. Heck you probably have no idea who I am beyond my name, don't you? All you know is from your connection with Yuki. And even then, that's not enough." my smile widened a tinge. "You've been working on a guesswork this entire time, keeping things vague even as you tried to catch her off guard."

"I… I don't know what you're talking about." it protested. "Your balloon is on its way! Just wait for a moment!"

"Heck, you probably don't even have a balloon for Rias either, with her being a demon and all. Not that you'd be aware of her setting anyway. Nor anything meta-related." I continued, ignoring its words. I didn't need a truth-verifying spell to realize it was lying. "You're not the true facet of humanity or whatever you're claiming as. You're just a parasite with a weak connection to humans all around the world."

The monster was silent, unable to refute my words.

Second step: in the event that the villain speaks for some cause, shut them down so utterly that they couldn't muster any way to deny their nature. I investigated what sort of monster it was in the short time I had earlier and was able to verify its true identity - it was a more powerful sort of monster in a way that it has a connection to humanity itself. That gave it a large range, almost endless numbers, and a handy voodoo-like ability. It was a predator for normal humans, but facing anything else supernatural or even technological it has nothing else going for it.

And faced with the truth, it of course began to show its true face. The pitiful face of the heroine morphed into an ugly sneer.

"S-So what?" it sneered out. There was a slight waver in its tone though, perhaps disturbed by the accuracy of my deduction. "Even if you know what we are, you can't stop us all! Our numbers are endless - and even if you did something strange and trapped us here, it won't last forever!"

It glared at me with bloodshot eyes, and then shouted.

"You have no way of defeating us!"

Unbeknownst to it, I was waiting for those words.

I grinned sharply. "Gotcha."

Third step: as the villain was cornered, it of course will lash out. It'll act tough, then do something that will mark its own downfall… it will declare a flag.

With its actions, the flow of narrative fate was decided to move in a certain direction; the one where I wanted to get it to. Essentially guaranteeing the scenario I hoped for to happen without question.

And most important of all, it was the most opportune moment to strike.

I snapped my fingers, the sound of it echoing in the sky, and making everything in the vicinity freeze.

What followed was all implosion of magical energy from a localized point in space - the tear in reality from where all these monsters came from that I located earlier and entered when investigating the true nature of the monster. I was able to access its main body without it noticing, managing to locate its true form.

Behind the tear in reality was a hivemind-like entity that stuck itself in the human gestalt. It was a bit tricky to navigate such a conceptual space, translating myself from the physical into something more abstract just so I could get to it, before putting the equivalent of putting the conceptual equivalent of a hundred megaton warhead near it ready for detonation.

And now I set it off.

All the monsters present looked in horror as it watched its main body essentially vaporize amidst the conceptual explosion, one with a payload powerful enough to translate from the conceptual to the physical as seen in the implosion from the tear in reality. And from its little declaration of the flag there's no chance that it would survive such an assault - the narrative being on my side in showing the villain its place.

From the death of its main body, all the monsters around us began to slowly disintegrate. But of course, things weren't over just yet.

"You… You…!" even while it disintegrated, the monster looked at me in rage. It didn't even try to act like separate entities anymore, discarding the illusion and fully embracing the hivemind that it was. All monsters turned to me, displaying the same maddened expression.

"I'LL KILL YOU!!!" they all shouted.

Final step: the villain, in the face of its complete defeat, will attack in rage. Block, dodge, or prevent it - and then you'll defeat them in such a way that it will let them fade into irrelevance.

It was a last attack of desperation. In more powerful opponents that could dish out dangerous attacks it would be a concern - but for a pathetic monster like this, all it could do was hopelessly reach out with its ropes to try and strangle me.

Surprisingly it wasn't me who dealt with it.

Before the monster in front of me could reach out and strangle me with the rope, a katana sliced it in half. The monster could only look on in shock as it died, unable to expect such an action, as its tattered eyes stared at the heroine.

"W-What…?!" it said in shock.

Yuki scoffed, looking at it coldly.

"Pathetic." she stated.

The monster died, unable to say anything back as its remains fell down in the sky. Idly, I batted away the cursed energy backlash before it could reach the heroine and hurt her.

Due to being too far away, the other monsters all disintegrated into nothingness before they could reach me. The heroine sheathed her swords, looking at the direction of the dead monster who had her face before it completely disappeared.

She clicked her tongue. "Good riddance." she muttered.

Rias flapped her wings and hovered near us. "Oh! Looks like you managed to do it!" she said with a smile, having an idea of the plan when she acted as a flashy distraction for the monster while I snuck towards its body. "Great job, Basa-kun!"

Just like that, all that was left was a quiet sky - free of the monsters that plagued it minutes prior.

"...Let's go back." I said.


After that little debacle, I quickly dispersed the curtain that I set up and went to check on the idol, Terumi Fuuka, one more time. She seemed to be in good health and the defeat of the monster in the plot she belonged to didn't affect her in any way either. With her death flag dealt with, the task we came here for was done now.

Seeing as the danger was over I woke the idol up from her unconscious state, and seeing as there's no alternative way to create a reason for her unconsciousness or to explain her temporary death, I manipulated her memories with hypnosis.

When I was done the idol looked dazed, but it was better than her getting traumatized with what the monsters did to her.

"Are you okay, Fuuka-san?" Rias asked in concern.

"Sorry, I guess I'm feeling a bit dizzy." the idol said, holding a hand to her head before looking around. "...Right, looks like I lost track. What were we doing again?"

"You were showing us the roof." Yuki answered. "It's quite a beautiful place."

She blinked. "Oh." Then, she smiled. "It really is, isn't it? Hope you enjoyed this place as much as I do."

The idol then looked down and glanced at her wristwatch, before her brows shot up in surprise. "Oh my, I can't believe that time passed by so fast! We should probably get going." she put a finger on her lip, miming a shushing gesture. "Don't tell anyone we came here, okay? This place will be our little secret!"

Rias grinned and Yuki responded with a smile. I nodded my head to go along with them.

"I guess this concludes the tour for our idol agency! Now, let's go back. Yumiko-san might be looking for all of you now."

With that said, we went ahead and retraced our steps, going back to the ground floor and towards the management offices where Aoki's own office is located. We ran into her in a corridor on the way there though, with the blue-haired woman approaching us in a rush once we came into her view.

"Basa-kun!" the woman scrutinized all of us with worried eyes, but seeing as we have no visible injuries she calmed down. "...Thank goodness…" she sighed out.

"What's got you worried, Yumiko-san?" the idol asked curiously.

"Oh, nothing, nothing…" she then approached the idol and suddenly embraced the woman, much to her surprise. "Be careful Terumi-chan, okay? Even if you're graduating soon, you're still a precious member of this place." Aoki said tenderly.

The idol blinked before her gaze softened. I could already see her misinterpreting Aoki's actions as her being worried from the blackmailing incident earlier, and not out of worry for her imminent and already foregone death. Not like she's going to be aware of it anyway.

"I will." the idol replied with a smile.

Aoki let her go from her embrace before stepping back. "So did you all have a nice tour of the place? I hope nothing went wrong." she said, glancing at me meaningfully.

The idol spoke up. "Nope! These three are well-behaved! It's been very pleasant." she looked at us. "If you three come here again, be sure to say hello! I'd love to hang out with you all again." she paused, before giving me a teasing glance. "Well, maybe not you. You're not allowed."

I raised a brow, but played along. "Why assume that I'd want to hang out with you in the first place?"

The idol chuckled and shook her head. She approached me and leaned in, then gestured for me to do the same. For a moment I was left wondering what she was going to do but I did what she asked.

Then I felt something soft touch my cheek.

I blinked.

Beside me, Rias, Yuki, and Aoki also blinked.

"...Fuuka-san?" Yuki said in surprise. It was understandable. The woman suddenly kissed my cheek out of nowhere, after all. And that was the same woman who accused me of being some sort of pervert.

As for the idol herself, she seemed also surprised by her own actions.

"O-Oh my." the idol muttered, putting a hand on her mouth in shock. "I don't know why I did that…"

"Did you suddenly lose your mind or something?" I asked, looking at her in confusion.

She looked dazed for a moment, and her confusion disappears as she regains composure. "...Perhaps." she says, stepping back. Then she let out a hum. "Thank you, by the way." she said.

My eyes narrowed. "For what?"

She smiled. It was a beautiful, yet mysterious smile. "Who knows~?"

With that, she turned around and walked away, giving a wave as she did so. "See you guys! It's been fun. Be sure to visit us again, alright? I'd love to invite you all to our wedding when the time comes!"

And so we watch her leave, the idol disappearing as she turned on a corridor with a smile.

Rias glanced at me. "...Ne, Basa-kun. Did you apply the hypnosis right? You wouldn't make such an amateur mistake, would you?"

"Who do you think I am? Of course I did it right." I replied blandly. "Don't worry, she has no memory at all. I peaked in her mind a little bit as she left - most likely it's just her subconscious recalling something. You should at least be familiar with hypnotized people acting like that."

The redhead nodded. "Yeah, I guess that checks out."

"Oh? I suppose everything must be in order now then."

I paused, then looked at Aoki-san, who was staring at me with a smile. It looked quite fixed.

"I know that you've given me the general information earlier, but would you mind expanding it quite a bit? It's a bit of a shock to realize that the idols I manage turns out to be some sort of yokai, alien, or zombie. It makes me wonder how I haven't even noticed." the blue-haired woman continued. "I… have plenty of questions."

"Sure." I said. "I'll do my best to answer all of them."

I should probably make a primer for these things, just to save some time. I can tell that Aoki wouldn't be the last person who'd need it. Plus, I have some plans regarding the whole metafication thing anyway - but that topic is for another time and place.

…And with that, the entire world-affecting event was dealt with, bringing this entire episode to a close.

Induce scene end. Let's see if this works.


Far away from their location, about an entire city away or so - a gala was taking place. In there was a scene where everything related with high society is present. The venue was filled with lavish decor from gold-encrusted chandeliers hanging from above to the priceless paintings hung on the walls. The people inside wore formal attire beffiting their status, being served with muti-course gourmet meals, and listened to the classical music being played by live musicians set a sophisticated tone to it all as they conversed with one another.

It was undoubtedly a high-profile event, attended by the richest and most powerful people within the country.

"Hmm... how interesting."

And one person there in particular, a beautiful woman with black hair that reached her shoulders, was smiing as she held her phone in her hand. If one were to look at those around her, they would see the gazes of wariness, envy, or awe. This person was someone of note whose accomplishments in the political scene had earned her enmity and followers alike; an experienced player in the game, and one that many are cautious playing with, despite her relatively young age.

"Ms Haru." a man sharply dressed in a suit called out beside her. His overall demeanor and appearance indicated that he was a guard of some sort. "We have finished what you tasked. The Idol agency's board agrees with your proposal, and our insiders will be placed without question."

"And those connected with the incident?"

"Gone, ma'am. Those who took an active part are being sentenced while the minor accomplices are laid off."

"Good. Give me updates regarding that. It wouldn't hurt having that idol agency in our hands."

"Yes." the man then bowed, before he leaving.

The woman ignored him and went back to her phone. She let out an enigmatic smile as she did so.

"Really... I wonder what that sister of mine is doing, involving herself with this sort of stuff? What happened with walking away from this side of the family?" she sighed out dramatically. "And to even go so far as to ask for my help..."

Her expression indicated she was amused, yet if one were to look at her eyes, they would see that it was anything but that. She gazed at the phone that displayed a photo which, from the blurriness, looked like it was taken far away and in passing. It was a photo of two people walking; a girl with straight black hair with feautures similar to the hers, and a tall boy with dark skin and blonde hair.

It was a picture taken covertly by her men. Yet the boy's gaze was staring straight at them. Straight at her own. Like he was well aware of what she was doing, and was simply allowing it.

"Interesting. Very interesting."

The woman smiled.


Spoiler

Perhaps her dear sister is due for a visit.
Last edited: Jun 12, 2024
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Fungod, leks and 1,751 others
Skrubchap
Jun 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jul 4, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,855
This short chapter is the result of someone who can't write or manage their time correctly because they can't wake up early.

Anyway Basa-kun's going to deal with two troublesome things at the same time. Things will surely go well.


Chapter 15

"—So like this?"

"Yes. Just keep that position and keep your body as relaxed as possible. The activation process would hurt a bit, like pulling a muscle you've never used in your life, but aside from a slight discomfort it shouldn't be that painful."

I stood in front of Aoki-san, guiding her to sit down comfortably in a lotus position while we were in my apartment. The woman wore an outfit like what one would see someone doing yoga - a seamless top that revealed her midriff along with tight leggings that hugged her form. Quite an overall delectable sight, but one that I can appreciate fully later.


Spoiler

It was a few days after the idol incident. As of now, Aoki-san had a clearer idea of what she had become and what she'll be dealing with, along with the time to process it all. The woman also wouldn't want to stand by and do nothing while me, Yuki and Rias worked. So just like the heroine when she found out about the truth of the world, she wanted to help me with my task of not letting those around me turn to shit.

And for that, she first had to not become defenseless. Hence here we are, trying to unlock her magic circuits for her to learn magic.

"I'll be standing right behind monitoring you in case anything goes wrong." I said, sitting behind her and touching her on her shoulders. "I'll help you open your circuits now. Are you ready?"

The woman took a deep breath, closing her eyes.

Then, she nodded. "Yes."

With her go, I let my Od enter her body. Like delicate strings they penetrated her muscles and organs to connect in certain points and meridians, locating each and every magical circuit present within her body. I expertly tethered a connection on them and then started to metaphorically poke and prod it, and faced with an external stimulation like that the unused magic circuits started to act differently from its usual function of filtering mana from the air.

"Feel anything right now?" I whispered behind Aoki-san's ear, making her stiffen for a moment before relaxing.

"...My body feels hot." the woman said softly. "It's— it's like I can feel something trickling right inside me."

"That's the miniscule amount of mana all mundane people have. Try to trace where the feeling originates; those are where your magic circuits are." she nodded as her brows furrowed in concentration. "Can you feel it? Good. Now try to control the flow going out. Those magic circuits act like a valve where you control the strength of flow. Try to open it."

"...It's hard. I can feel it, but I can't control it."

"It's okay. It's rare when someone can do it by instinct. Most magi try adding a strong mental image along with the action of opening their circuits as a sort of self-hypnosis. It should evoke the feeling of something like shock or something along those lines, causing it to become some sort of 'trigger'." I explained.

"Shock?"

"Yes. Can you imagine something that caused you a mental or physical shock? It's also better if both."

"I see…" she said in thought.

Then her mana instantly surged as the magic circuits suddenly opened, and Aoki-san's suddenly twitched in shock along with it.

"A-Ah!" her voice gasped out.

"Oh? You managed to do it with a single try. Impressive." My hands continued roaming around her body, controlling the wild flowing of mana while numbing the pain with healing magic. "The mental image must've been effective. What did you think of?"

She blushed and squirmed in place as my hands moved. "I… this position… I was reminded that we did something similar when you tried helping me exercise and…" her face reddened and she looked down. "I remembered the feeling of your cock entering me. And how intense it always was. Is… is that okay?"

…Ah. Right.

I examined our current situation. I sat behind Aoki while I touched or outright fondled her in different parts of her body, making her squirm in place. I definitely remember doing the same thing when we did the classic 'milf does exercise then fucks her gym instructor' thing sometime ago. Yeah, that was a treat.

Still, for her trigger to be me dicking her down… I suppose I should feel flattered. It must be due to the influence of her being a character from the adult genre. I know that those triggers are better if they agree with an aspect of yourself. Yuki, when she activated her circuits, used the image of ice cracking - somewhat alluding to her icy persona. Those from the same setting which this particular magic system comes from have their triggers imply something about themselves too.

"I suppose if it works then it's fine…" I said to the embarrassed woman.

Then, feeling a bit mischievous, I moved my hands to her bountiful chest. She inhaled sharply when I grabbed it, fondling and applying a bit of pressure in the way that she always liked. A moan came out of her as my reward while she leaned backwards, arching her back as she did so to give me greater access to her chest and press against me while doing so.

"...As long as you don't lose your focus because of it, that is. It won't do good if you lose concentration in battle because you were too horny." I continued, a smirk present on my face. "I wonder, can you activate your circuits and keep it open while I do this? If you could then perhaps…" I leaned to her ear and whispered. "You might get a nice reward."

Aoki-san let out heavy breaths, legs squirming in anticipation. Her eyes were fixed at me as she did so, staring at me in a cocktail gaze of desire and love - the characteristic look of a well-fucked cumslut.

"...Y-Yes." she said obediently, needily. "I'll do my best."

And so she did what she was asked to do, trying to open her circuits as I tried to distract her with my ministrations, playing along with our little naughty game.

"A-Ah~!"

Mana surged out of her as she thought of her trigger - that is, being dicked by yours truly - but the flow varied erratically as I touched her body. A tweak of the nipple here and a press to her uterus through the abdomen there makes her twitch in pleasure and let out a moan, making her lose concentration for a moment and closing the circuits shut ever so slightly.

We stayed like that for a while.

Then, after a long while of fumbling, she finally managed to keep it stable. She had a silly face as she did it though, overwhelmed by pleasure that she felt that teetered just so in the edge of climax due to my touches. Sweat poured out of her as she lost strength on her body to fully lean against me, shaking and twitching in place. Yet despite all that, there was an incredible focus present in her eyes.


Spoiler

It was enough.

"Good." I whispered, and her eyes fixed themselves to me with great intensity. I could feel the anticipation rising in her. "Here's your reward."

My hands reached down to her form-fitting pants and Aoki let out a smile as she raised her waist up. Consecutively, I took hold of her chin with my other hand and guided Aoki to my mouth. The blue-haired woman was taken by surprise as I devoured her lips.

Then, with supernatural deftness and the help of tantric magic, I slipped my hand through her pants - then gave a feather-like touch to her clitoris.

Her reaction was intense.

"MMPH—!!!"


Spoiler

A spray of her love juices wetted my hand and her form-fitting pants, but even the clothes weren't enough to stop the strength of her squirt as it also sprayed across my apartment floor. Her body twitched and spasmed uncontrollably from the sheer strength and intensity of her climax, her eyes rolling up as she let out a loud moan in my mouth.

A couple more sprays as her body locked up in multiple orgasms. I held her body tenderly as she leaned against me. I waited, kissing her while she did so.

Then it was finally over. Her body lost strength and she fully draped herself to me. I stopped kissing her, a trail of saliva falling between us, and Aoki breathed heavily with her tongue out while looking nowhere with a vacant stare.

I gazed at the insensate woman for a moment.

…Hm, I might've gone too far there.

As I reflected that though, it was at that moment when someone decided to come to my apartment unannounced. I suddenly felt foreign magic manifesting within my apartment, not being targeted by my defenses because I didn't consider them as an enemy or intruder. I glanced at the direction, and there I saw that a magic circle suddenly glowed out of thin air.

Then a figure suddenly appeared in the middle of it in a bright glow, before dying down.

Rias stared at me with an urgent expression. "Basa-kun! I need you right now! There's—!"

The redhead paused, staring at me for a moment, and then at Aoki who was unconscious with a puddle of fluids on the floor. She blinked.

"Eh? Were you guys having sex just now, Basa-kun?" she asked with a curious tilt to her head, examining the woman before me. "Damn. She's even doing the ahegao unironically… Just what did you do to Aoki-san?" A pause. "Can you do that to me too?"

I gave her a deadpan stare. Trust in the demon to be as shameless as that.

Still… Let's see where this sudden plothook takes me.


I deposited the insensate Aoki onto the couch and cleaned ourselves and the floor with a convenient use of magic. Rias sat down on the couch as well, humming as she looked around curiously around my apartment while I made Aoki lie down in a comfortable position. As far as I know, the woman wouldn't wake up for a while because of the strain of activating and practicing her magic circuits.

"Ne, Basa-kun." she suddenly spoke. "Where's Yuki right now? I thought that she'd be here. Is she practicing somewhere in your training room?"

"...No. She went home to prepare for something." I answered. "Something about her preparing to talk to her family after she called for their help a few days ago in the idol agency."

And one definitely could say that her family's help was instrumental. After the director or whatever was arrested, a whole 'business' was unearthed about using idols as sex workers and became big news. Powerful people, those thought to be untouchable in normal standards, were ousted as they were involved in the scandal. From my investigations, it even affected idol agencies who partake in that type of businesses - lessening blackmail and prostitution scenarios in the adult genre by a large margin.

If it weren't for the heroine's family then things wouldn't likely have reached this level and might've been written off instead. As far as conspiracies being unearthed though, this was pretty tame - and the Yanai family despite all its large influence is only about surface level when it comes to true political power. Then again, there always seems to be a more covert and powerful organization hiding below that controls things in this world.

There's no end to it all; It's cabals all the way down.

Which was why it was sort of amusing to see all the intrigue surrounding the heroine without her noticing. Obviously I couldn't let them see when we were cleaning up messes from other plotlines, but aside from a few fabrications and hypnosis I just let the genre divide do the rest. I still let them see that I was around the heroine however, a sentiment that she agreed on. How Yuki would deal with it is up to her.

"Should we be worried? They're not gonna suspect things, are they?" Rias said, worried.

"They definitely will." I replied. "But Yuki is well aware of that, and she told me that she will make up some excuse so that they won't dig any further. Or failing that, she wants me to alter their memories.'' The girl seems to easily to fall back on that approach despite being against it when we first met. Goes to show how people change. "She wants them safe and away from the things she involves herself in."

Rias nodded her head, still concerned but slightly mollified. "If you say so…"

"I do. I did something to assist her after all." I leveled a blank stare at her. "Anyway, what the hell are you doing here?"

Rias blinked and I saw her idiot redhead brain clunking through her head. Then she suddenly stood up.

"Ah! That's right!" she shouted. "I need you to go with me, Basa-kun! It's very important!"

"I need you to train my club members and make them stronger!"

I raised a brow at her. "I remember you nabbing the training mystic codes I had in the training area. And I have plenty of notes about other magic systems. Even if your clubmates were to be affected by the genre divide, you could still make similar ones and use them as inspiration." I pointed out. "Is the different studies and assortment of tools I provide not enough?"

"W-Well, it was really helpful, but your advice is much more valuable!" she stressed. "Come on, Basa-kun. It's not like you're busy right? I mean, you were having sex with Aoki-san. And now that she's unconscious, at least be productive and use it to assist this sexy demon right here!"

"Sexy demon? All I see is a pain in the ass."

"Hey!" Rias shouted, before giving a pout. "Please, Basa-kun? Can you help train my friends?"

I blankly stare at her begging gaze, which she didn't let up even after a few moments of me quietly staring. Her upturned eyes continued looking at me desperately as if she really needed my help.

I clicked my tongue and looked away.

"...Fine. I guess I have the time." I settled.

Watching in real time I witnessed her desperate expression vanish in the wind as I said that, the redhead pumping her fist victoriously from my words. "Yes! I knew that would work!"

I looked at her deadpan. "Oi."

"No backsies! You're going to help me now!" I was roughly grabbed by the redhead on the arm before a magic circle suddenly manifested underneath us. "Alright, let's go to my school!"

Right. We're doing that then. I'll probably text Aoki later when she wakes up.

The world around me flashed as I was brought along in the teleport, then when the light glowed down I saw that the scenery was completely changed. No longer was I in my apartment, but rather a large open area that I realized was the courtyard of Rias' club mansion.

I looked around and saw the familiar faces of her club. Their wings were in full display as they practiced around the courtyard, engaged in some task or some other that took all of their concentration. A bounded field was set up around the place, preventing any non-magical people from witnessing their true forms.

The blonde guy in her club was practicing with his swords, perhaps experimenting with some new forms. Rias' succubus best friend was meanwhile examining tomes in her hand as she tried to puzzle out the magic works. Their resident cat girl loli was meanwhile training her strength with what I recognized was the training mystic code I made to add weight.

Then there was the protagonist. Unlike the others he was doing something less taxing, jogging around the courtyard like it was a track. I spotted that he also had the mystic code with him but unlike the cat girl loli who set it in a higher level, his weight was comparatively lighter.

Rias gave a proud grin as she watched me observe her club. "Hehe, what do you think? They're pretty good, right?"

"They sure are practicing hard." I agreed.

"Of course they are! This is my followers you're talking about after all - they're all hardworking people who have a lot of talent! If there's anything I could believe in, it's that they'll be sure to put up the work needed and more, because they're that determined!" she said while puffing out her chest.

Then, after a short moment, she frowned.

"...But I guess I wasted it, with me not acting proactively like some passive, good-for-nothing heroine." she said bitterly. "Akeno was surprised when I even suggested for us to do this and thought that I was joking. It's been a while since we truly trained, instead of just doing some practicing on the side to keep ourselves sharp. We've stagnated, and it's completely my fault."

I hummed. "But now you're here to fix it."

Rias snapped her fingers and pointed at me. "Exactly! Your tools and notes were incredibly helpful, but with your advice then we can truly improve ourselves in leaps and bounds!" she put her hands on her waist proudly. "Then, we'll be the strongest group in hell and then I'll beat everyone and become the president; a perfect plan that's all too easy to do now that I'm meta! Mwahahaha!"

"...And just like that you just set up a flag." I said, side-eyeing her. Rias stiffened from my statement. "Have you even paid attention to what I told you regarding that during lessons?"

The redhead looked worried. "E-Eh? No way. That's not a flag, is it?" she asked, tone panicked. "I-I was just, you know, exaggerating! I really don't think it won't be that easy. There's no way that counts as—" she stopped, shutting herself up.

I look at her with a deadpan stare. Yeah, this girl has no hope.

"Buchou, You're back!" I turned to see that the protagonist was jogging towards us, before he stopped when he met my gaze. "—Wait, it's the delinquent bastard!" the guy shouted.

"Not a delinquent." I retorted.

The other club members stopped their practice after the protagonist announced our presence. Rias' succubus friend, Akeno, approached us with a smile on her face. I nodded to her in greeting along with the rest of her club. "Ara, good to see you Basa-kun. I suppose you'll be our instructor for today?" she asked. "It's a surprise that Rias wanted us to train, but I guess I understand if you're coming here."

"Hey, what's that supposed to mean? This isn't an excuse to hang out with him. I really want to train and make do with my promise to all of you to become a better leader!" Rias said with a pout. Then, she turned to the protagonist who was still glaring at me. "And you, Ryuusei-kun. Didn't we already talk about this? Don't be rude to Basa-kun here! He's a part of my harem!"

"—Grk!" the words visibly through the protagonist's chest, and his glare towards me intensified. "Goddamn… lucky bastard!"

I sent a brow to the redhead. "I'm part of your harem? This is the first time I've heard of this."

My comment was ignored as Rias continued speaking. "Plus, he's going to be your instructor for today! And he's the one who also made the tools we were using to train as well as the grimoires and tomes we studied. He's the reason we're getting stronger!" she sent a meaningful look at the boy. "And I'm sure your girlfriend appreciates that, doesn't she?"

The protagonist seemingly hesitated at that.

"...Aisha did say she likes my muscles…" he grumbled. He then backed down with a sigh, but not before sending a weak glare at me. "Fine. I'll tolerate you for now. But if you hurt Buchou in any way then you'll be getting an ass-kicking from me, got it!?"

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah, yeah."

…So it looks like the protagonist hitched up with his childhood friend. From what I remember during the time Rias turned meta before the witch arrived, she did promise to help them get together - and it looks like she managed to succeed doing just that. Of course, seeing as the genre is likely a shounen action harem, the protagonist being in a relationship doesn't really stop other girls from being attracted to him.

Although it remains debatable if the protagonist will remain as the 'protagonist' at this point. The entire plotline will shift to adjust for Rias' actions, and seeing her so proactive, carrying a great ambition, while also instilling great loyalty to her underlings all points that there could be a new main character to focus on.

But that's all guesswork. We'd still have to see.

Akeno cleared her throat. "Anyway, moving on from Ryuusei-kun getting cucked—"

"W-Wha—! Oi!"

"—the help you've been providing was really valuable, Basa-kun. We really appreciate that. Although, I have been meaning to ask…" her eyes turned to Rias. "I'm not really protesting about spending our day just training, but can we really afford to do that? I thought this day was one of the busier days in your schedule. Or did you reschedule your meeting for lunch?"

"Eh?" Rias tilted her head. "Meeting? Today?"

There was a short silence.

"...Rias." Akeno spoke slowly. "You did check out the papers I put on your table a few days ago, didn't you? You didn't just ignore it, right?"

"A-Ah, well… you see…" Rias' eyes darted around, sweating, as she was pinned by her vice president's gaze. "I might have… forgotten?"

Akeno still had a smile on her face as she stared at her club president - one that contrasted with the threatening miasma that suddenly manifested around her. The other members of the club were inching away from the black-haired girl while their president remained frozen in place.

"Rias…"

"I-I-I'm sorry, okay!? It's just that there was something important we needed to do at that time!" The redhead reasoned, panicking. Her eyes turned to me. "Didn't we, Basa-kun!? I mean, you were the one who called for me!"

Hey. Don't bring me into this.

Akeno's eyes narrowed slightly. "Perhaps you might've done something important. But what about the day after that? And the rest after?"

Rias stiffened. "W-Well, I was busy… training with you guys? I might've forgotten to check them in my excitement…" the miasma intensified. "Eek! I'm sorry!"

The redhead was left in her vice president's mercy as the succubus loomed over her, and her other club members can only watch in bated breath on what she would do to their leader. In front of the shaking Rias, who closed her eyes to prepare for a verbal lashing, Akeno breathed in…

"Hah…"

…and she sighed out, losing all her anger in an exasperated exhale. Rias opened her eyes tentatively, before gaining a look of confusion when she saw her vice president walk to the side back to the rest of the club.

"A-Akeno?" Rias asked, bemused.

"I'm not going to be the one to deal with this, Buchou. You've made your bed, now lie in it." the girl replied, looking over the courtyard. "Be on your best behavior now since from what I remember in your schedule, they'll come here around this time."

"A-Akeno!?" Rias shouted. "H-Hold on, just what was the meeting all about!? You're kinda scaring me!"

"—Ara. Speak of the devil."

The moment Akeno spoke, our attention was turned to the courtyard. This was due to the fact that a giant magical circle filled with an overwhelmingly large amount of demonic energy suddenly appeared out of nowhere. For a moment I thought it was an incredibly destructive spell but then quickly realized that it was something else. Some others didn't have the luxury of knowing that though.

"What the hell is that!?" the protagonist shouted in shock, instinctively flaring up his wings as he settled into a stance.

Kiba and Koneko, who were beside him, simply reacted with some surprise but not much else. From what I remember they were born as demons and not converted as one from a different species. They must have recognized what the magical circle was.

Or more specifically, where the magical circle leads to.

"What!?" Rias exclaimed. "Why is there a portal from hell here!?"

It was a portal directly from hell. Traveling between different realms is no easy feat; it requires either an ingenious approach with plenty of rituals or a vast amount of energy to brute force it. Judging by the amount of energy here, it looks like whoever made the portal had the latter.

Glowing figures formed on the magic circle, turning into humanoid shapes before solidifying. The demonic energy then petered out as the teleportation process reached its conclusion, and the glowing slowly died down as the magical circle faded away.

Leaving new figures standing on the courtyard.

One was a silver-haired maid. She looked beautiful and stood in attention like a servant, but the power she exuded was simply unmatched compared to the demons right next to me. She was probably the one who casted the portal to get here, and seeing as she wasn't even winded after expelling that large amount of demonic energy, she was undoubtedly a powerful demon.


Spoiler

The second was someone weaker. He was dressed in a red suit along with blonde hair on his head. He had the air of a young master, and if one were to not pay attention they would mistake him as the master of the maid coming along with him. The guy was tall, although slightly shorter than me, and had a handsome face that comes with a cocky grin.


Spoiler

"Grayfia…?" Rias muttered.

"Ojou-sama. We have arrived." the maid replied. "I trust that you were made aware of this meeting in advance."

The redhead stiffened. "Y-Yeah, of course!"

The maid looked at Rias with a raised brow, making the girl tremble on her attention. Rather than commenting on anything though, the maid simply shook her head. "Very well. To make things clear: I've come here in request of your brother to meet someone from an allied family. This person here is Riser." she turned to the guy next to her. "Introduce yourself."

"Yo. Name's Riser." the guy introduces himself casually, with a cocky note on his tone. His eyes that was filled with superiority, glanced around to all of us. "Apparently our families want to ally with each other for real, so we need to secure things politically." his eyes met mine. "I'm going to be Satanichia's… fiance…"

The guy fell silent.

"Hey, Basa-kun." Rias suddenly spoke up. "Why is this guy stealing your look?"

…

I wouldn't know, Rias. I wouldn't know.


Yuki had sat down on the dining table inside her apartment, a neutral expression on her face with a cup of fresh hot tea in her hand. She took a sip of it, then exhaled in satisfaction in the refreshing taste.

She then glanced at Basa-kun, who sat down on the sofa with the television in front of him. It was showing a lunchtime news program, but the man doesn't seem to be paying attention to it. He was looking at the ceiling, and while Basa-kun's expressions were sometimes hard to decipher, she had a feeling that he was irritated.

"Is there something wrong?" she asked.

"...I got roped into an arranged marriage arc when Rias wanted me to hang out with her." Basa-kun said with a sigh. Yuki's eyes widened. "And the guy Rias is engaged to has the same… fashion as me. Blonde and delinquent-like. Probably since his role was to try and steal the heroine away." his eyes narrowed. "And Rias just declared that she won't accept the arranged marriage since she already has a harem. Great."

"I-Is that so?" Yuki said in surprise. "Will you and Rias-san be okay, then? You are splitting your focus in two places." she asked, tone worried.

Basa-kun waved a hand dismissively. "It's fine. My thought partitions turn me into a monster when it comes to multitasking. In the first place, this isn't the only clone I have active right now."

That made Yuki blink. "You also have other clones active? How much?"

"Around thirty or so." he answered, making Yuki surprised again. "They're positioned around the globe, disguised with different identities. It's so that I can deal with threats quickly without teleporting around. As well as other things."

It's things like this that Yuki hears about Basa-kun which reminds her just how powerful he is. It's easy to forget sometimes, but with the existence of those 'world-affecting scenarios' happening around the world and all the destructive plotlines it was only natural that he'd be powerful enough to be able to deal with those.

Yuki frowned in thought.

She… she had a long way to go to match him, with her current level of abilities. Actually, in the first place, can she even manage to match him? Basa-kun just seemed so powerful, so out of reach compared to her. Can she even walk beside him and meaningfully help him at this rate?

Basa-kun glanced at her. "...Don't get all dramatic with your inner monologues now. You can get to my level with enough practice and knowledge."

Yuki blinked. Then, realizing what he said, she let out a sheepish smile. "Yes, I suppose I let my habits get to me."

While she might have turned meta, she was still a drama character - and that meant she found herself spiraling into these thoughts every once in a while. It wasn't as bad as it might've been, where her thoughts paralyzed her into indecision, but it was there nonetheless.

Yuki smiled. She supposed that's where the help of Basa-kun, Rias-san, and Aoki-san is valuable.

It was in the middle of thinking that when the sound of her apartment's door chime rang out. The smile that worked up on her face turned into a frown, and she turned to the direction of the door with something akin to caution.

"My sister's here." she said needlessly. Then, she sighed. "I'll get it."

Basa-kun didn't answer and she stood up from her seat, walking towards the front door. She took a deep breath to center herself as she arrived at the entrance - then, she reached for the door knob and twisted it open.

A familiar face greeted her.


Spoiler

"Yahallo, Yuki-chan!" her sister, Haru Yanai, greeted with a smile. A fake smile, perfected to let people's guards down. "Looks like you were expecting me to arrive. How's my little sister doing?"

Yuki glanced around. "You don't have your guards with you?"

"Nope, just alone this time!" her sister answered cheerfully. "Why, is it better if I had them? Or is it if I didn't? What a suspicious thing to take note of, Yuki-chan!"

Her eyes narrowed. "I was simply—"

"—Anyway, I did bring them with me, but they're waiting downstairs. I don't think I'll be needing guards whenever I come to my dear sister's apartment, would I?" her sister interrupted, making Yuki's lips frown. "So? Are you going to invite me in, Yuki-chan? It feels terribly hot being outside in the middle of noon."

"...Sure."

She stepped aside and her sister let herself in. The older woman looked around the place curiously, humming in thought as she did so. Her eyes locked in on Basa-kun's shoes placed on the shoe rack, however.

"Not even trying to hide it, huh…" her sister muttered, amusement coloring her tone. "So, did that dour boy you were pining for choose the genki girl in the end?"

Yuki felt a pang of hurt from the reminder of not being chosen by Makoto-kun, but it was buried by the rest of other positive feelings from the fact that the drama is just over now. They were the still club that she treasured and they still the same things, with the only difference being that two of her members had a relationship.

Still, her sister must have caught some reaction from her and she continued talking. "Oh, so she did? A shame, the boy was kinda interesting. So, how long was it until you moved on and met a new boy as a replacement?" she then let out a scandalized gasp. "Or was it before that you were hanging out with this new one? What a spicy thought."

She didn't like the way she insinuated things. The condescending tone and the way her sister looks at her like she knows everything about her - one that her own balloon she fought a few days ago reminded of - needled her and got under her skin.

Although the genre divide must have forced her sister to reach the wrong conclusions. For all she knew, this might be what she genuinely thinks. She can never really be sure when it comes to her.

…However, there was one thing she's sure of when it comes to her sister.

"You don't have to ask questions you already know the answer to, nee-san." she said, staring at her sister straight in the eyes. "I know you have eyes around me."

Haru blinked in surprise at that for some reason. "...Huh. Didn't expect that." her sister leaned back to survey her whole form. Yuki looked at her in confusion. "Something seems to have changed about you but I can't pin down what…"

It was her turn to blink. Did her sister detect that she became meta…? No, that didn't make sense; it was most likely her more confident demeanor. She wasn't getting stuck on her thoughts like usual, after all.

Her sister hummed in thought as she looked at her up and down - and then spoke.

"So, was the sex with this boy that good?"

Yuki's face turned red. "W-W-What are you saying all of a sudden!?"

"Kidding, kidding." her sister said with a giggle. "Still the same old Yuki-chan, always so proper and easy to rile up."

To others who knew her for her icy demeanor, the statement would be plain untrue - but for her sister, it was a fact. Yuki tried to keep her composure and control the blush on her face. "C-Can we please focus on the important things at hand?"

Her sister stopped her giggles, settling into a smile instead. Yuki can notice that her eyes were hardened however, like it was targeted at some prey. "Yes." she said cheerfully, ominously. "I suppose we should."

Haru walked further inside her apartment without her input, forcing her to follow her and keep up with her, and then spotted Basa-kun seated on the sofa. "There he is!" the older woman said. "So that's the boy you were hanging out with, huh?"

Basa-kun didn't even glance at them but her sister didn't care nor wait for him to do anything, already walking in front of the sofa and in the face of Basa-kun. Her sister, with a smile, leaned down in front of Basa-kun with her hands on her hips. It casted a shadow on her cheerful face, showing a slightly intimidating appearance as she loomed over him.

"Your name is Basa-kun, correct?" her sister asked, somehow knowing his name without her telling anything. "Why don't we have a nice long chat? You, me, and what you want regarding my sister."

Basa-kun glanced up to meet her gaze, his face completely blank.

There was a moment of tense silence.

"No."

…

…Another moment of silence. Her sister's brow slightly twitched as Basa-kun's attention returned to the TV.

In response to all of this, Yuki can only sigh.

This… this was going to be a mess to deal with.
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Fungod, leks and 1,984 others
Skrubchap
Jul 4, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Aug 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,971
Just throwing this chapter here, don't mind me.


Chapter 16

In my journey to become strong in the godforsaken world, using clones in conjunction with parallel thought processes has been a boon in expanding my range significantly. It took a while to become skilled enough to multitask for me to what could essentially be described as some sort of hivemind with my real body as a center, but I've gotten used to it in time as I had gotten stronger and gained more skills at my disposal. The path to this point had been painful however, and I recall many times that I've had a literal aneurysm because of all the micromanaging that I needed to do.

But that headache cannot compare to the one that I'm experiencing right now - all because I got swept up in this certain situation.

Rias, the main heroine, had turned meta. And that meant that her shounen and thus very destructive plot is now heading in a direction that even I don't know will end up. What's more, I was dragged into that new development - one that I, as Rias' love interest, would require to involve myself in.

What a shitshow.

And so I sat on the sofa in the familiar room that is Rias' office. Beside me was Rias herself, and to her other side were the members of her club. Similarly, on the sofa opposite us sat the two guests that appeared earlier; a strong demon that dressed like a maid, and the other being the gyaru-looking guy who was Rias' supposed fiance. The maid sat properly like her duty intended while the fiance just slouched with his legs crossed and one hand draping over the back of the sofa, looking completely casual about the whole thing.

"Hey… who exactly are they?"

"Ryuusei-kun, listen closely. These two are…"

The atmosphere was tense. Rias' club members muttered lowly to one another, or rather the protagonist was as he gossiped with the others about what was happening. Perhaps this would be a scene that would provide context for who they are as an introduction for these two new characters.

Of course, being familiar with Rias' own setting, I have some general information as to who these two are. One of them I even had a particular interest in when I knew of their existence.

Rias' fiance, Riser Twining, was the second son of a particularly powerful family in hell. Nothing special about him, but he's moderately strong along with a cocky attitude towards everything. If Rias hadn't turned meta, then he would be the perfect antagonist for the protagonist to test his skills and to make him and Rias get closer together. Despite that plot line out of the picture though, it seems like he still appeared here as an antagonist.

The other guest was a bit special. From my investigations in people to look out for in Rias' setting, this woman was included in that particular list of people - Grayfia Satanichia, one of the stronger demons in hell and Rias' sister-in-law. Pretty long-lived and fought in some sort of war in the setting's past… and she also dresses as a maid, for some reason. Something that caught my eye due to a striking similarity to another maid character in a similar setting but for Yokais instead.

Something like that immediately earned my attention. I thought that it meant that the two settings could be connected but after a bit of investigation there doesn't seem to be anything aside from a superficial similarity. I concluded that she was an 'expy' or 'reference' character - and she was the first of her type that I discovered. And that stuck to my mind.

Anyway, Rias' fiance was frowning at me, Rias' earlier comment about him imitating him seemingly stuck in his mind. In contrast, the maid kept her neutral expression the same ever since she arrived but I could tell that she was observing me along with the others.

And Sona was here too, apparently. Because having them as guests is important enough to warrant her presence, being the student council president and the one running this school and all.

"Welcome to our school, Grayfia-san." the bespectacled girl greeted. She was seated on another sofa between us two, making her look like some sort of mediator. "I'd have prepared things better to suit this meeting if I was notified of your visit, but a certain person had neglected to do her duties, you see."

"Hey!" Rias shouted indignantly at her friend throwing her under the bus, but she wilted when the girl gave her a glare. "...I-I just forgot about it, okay? It's not like you haven't done that once or twice…" she mumbled.

"It's no problem, Vignette-sama. I suspected something like that might happen."

Rias looked at the blank-faced maid in shock. "—Grayfia!?"

"I suppose her family would know her best." Sona said with a nod of her head.

"We are well aware of the young lady's flaws." Grayfia continued on without a change in expression. If there was an exasperated tinge on her tone, no one knows. "We are also doing our best to correct it… No matter how impossible it may seem."

"Okay, that's enough! Look, I'm really sorry alright? I'm not gonna do something like this again, I promise." Rias sighed out. She then turned to Grayfia, a glare beginning to form on her face. "But in the first place, why am I getting engaged? I certainly never got involved into any discussions with my family regarding this. So why is it suddenly sprung that I got engaged to… that person?" she said pointing to the fiance in question.

Her fiance's brows furrowed, an offended expression appearing on his face. "'That person'? How rude. Is this how the Satanichia show their courtesy? To one that represents their allied family, no less?" Rias frowned, and the guy turned to Sona. "And you. While Grayfia-san here is fine with your lack of preparations - I'm not. The Twining does not hold the same closeness for the Vignette, so you better watch your attitude unless it colors our views of yours."

The atmosphere of the room immediately turned cold at his words.

Beside Rias, the protagonist suddenly stood up from his seat with his fists clenched. "Hey, what the hell is your problem—!"

"Ryuusei-kun."

He stopped at hearing Rias' grave tone. The boy turned to her, a protest about to leave his lips, but in the end stopped himself and relented. He sat down back to the sofa, glaring harshly at the fiance as he did so.

Rias took a deep breath and gathered her composure. After doing so, her normal impulsive and clumsy self was nowhere to be found, replaced with the graceful persona that she carries whenever she means business. The redhead stared straight at her supposed fiance, expression neutral.

"Once again I apologize. As I have said, this whole meeting was a bit sudden and the news of my betrothal is new to me." Rias enunciated her words clearly, and unlike her earlier whiny tone she spoke in a serious manner befitting of her status as a scion of a powerful demonic line. "I was caught off-guard. I hope this doesn't cause any offense."

Her fiance waved a hand. "It's fine. I'll forgive you because you're my fiance." he then inclined his head to the protagonist beside her. "Make sure you discipline your underlings though. As amusing as it is to hear a weakling act tough, it might get annoying. It would be rude to make an example of him right in front of my fiance after all."

The protagonist grit his teeth at that - although he didn't rise to the bait, following Rias' orders to stay put. As for the girl herself, Rias looked visibly displeased but aside from a slight twitch to her brow she didn't show any sign of it. The redhead had a mean poker-face if she needed to have one.

"While Ryuusei-kun is our most recent member, I believe 'making an example' of him would be something you might have difficulty doing. Especially since there are other people stronger than you here." she retorted.

The guy sneered. "Stronger? Aside from Grayfia-san, all of you in this room are weaklings. I've heard about you, Rias Satanachia - you spend your days up here in the human realm and play with humans instead of dealing with real competition in hell. Even with your three demons and succubus, you're still nothing compared to me." he mocked, words dripping with sarcasm as he gazed at each of Rias' club members. Then, his eyes eventually settled on mine. "...Not unless of course you mean that?" he asked, amused.

Rias smiled sweetly. "Yes."

Her fiance paused, before he let out a sharp singular laugh. "Ha! Are you serious? You're comparing this to me? A meager human?"

"You insult me."

What followed after was something many in the room didn't expect - he sat straight up from his seat, a burst of power coming off from him as he did so. The wave passed over all the people in the room, startling the majority of Rias' club and even left the protagonist shaken from the display.

The guy's earlier mirth was wiped clean. He glared at Rias who simply blinked at his show of power but didn't do anything else. "Don't think you can get away with stating those words. You may be my fiance… but even my patience can only get so far."

He then glared at me, pinning me with his gaze. I could feel his power emanating from him as he tried to loom over me metaphorically. With this much focus on me, I'm guessing that he was trying to make me afraid or something just to make an example of Rias.

Unfortunately, the display was absolutely pathetic. It's even less terrifying than the one Yuki had endured when she had a first encounter with a horror monster. I returned his glare with a blank stare of my own, completely unaffected.

The guy frowned. Then, he opened his mouth—

"Twining-sama. I believe that's enough."

The maid's stern voice cut in the tension gathering in the room. Hearing it, the fiance clicked his tongue and cut off his power before slouching back on his seat once more.

"Tch. Like some human could compare to a pure demon. What the hell do you even keep them for? Is that supposed to be your boy toy or something?" after grumbling that he glanced at Rias, leering her body from down up. "…Well you probably wouldn't need him any longer. I'd keep you satisfied along with the rest of my harem."

The maid cleared her throat.

"Twining-sama, while ojou-sama was rude for forgetting this meeting - I believe respect works both ways. I shouldn't have to tell you how to act like a guest. So please, behave yourself." she admonished the guy, who simply looked away. The maid then exhaled. "Nevertheless, I believe that things have turned out of hand." she stood up from her seat. "Perhaps it would be best for us to leave you two alone, just so that you may know each other better."

Her implied order to leave the room wasn't missed and Rias' club members along with Sona stood up from their seats as well. I did the same. Happily so even, since I don't want to deal with this sort of thing in the first place.

Meanwhile Rias grimaced, not even bothering to disguise her disgusted expression at the thought of being alone with her fiance.

"Do I have to?" she asked.

The maid shook her head. "Please, ojou-sama. At the very least, follow your brother's wishes. He was the one to arrange all of this after all."

"Oh, he was…? I'll remember that the next time I talk to him."

We were already walking towards the door as they said that and I was the last to exit to the hallway. As I did so, I felt a hand tap me on my shoulder and I turned to see that it was the protagonist. He gave me a worried look.

"Hey, are you fine letting this happen? Leaving those two alone like that?" he whispered. "I mean, aren't you two together?"

…To think that he'd be concerned for me, the guy who supposedly stole the main heroine he's attracted to; As expected, the protagonist really is a nice person. You'd think that he'd be vindicated or something but no, he genuinely seems to be worried.

Then again, he seems to be in a relationship with his childhood friend. It'd be unreasonable for him to act that way at this point.

"It's fine. Rias isn't the type to take things lying down." I answered him with a shrug. "And this is entirely Rias' problem to deal with. I'll help when she says she needs help."

The protagonist didn't seem to like my decision to respect Rias' own capabilities judging by his frown, but he was interrupted by someone who I didn't expect to speak up.

"Basa's right. Trust on Buchou, Ryuusei-kun. She can take care of herself." Koneko spoke up in her usual laconic manner beside him, making him look at her in surprise. "She always gets what she wants in the end."

As thanks for not making me argue with the guy, I brought out a cookie from my subspace and offered it to Koneko, making her blink. Still, the guy still didn't look convinced. He glanced at me and Koneko, then to his fellow club members. "Really? But…"

"If there's one thing that I know about our leader is that while she may get herself in trouble, she always somehow finds a way to overcome it. It's sorta fascinating really." Kiba added with a smile. Koneko also swiped the cookie out of my hand and immediately scarfed it down.

Sona agreed as well with a nod. "That she does. While she may have made a mistake, this whole betrothal really does seem to be a bit sudden and I won't blame her for not wanting it to go through." the girl looked like she was giving me a meaningful glance as she said that, but I ignored it in favor of giving more cookies to Koneko when she outstretched her hand, demanding more. "If she can find a way around it, she will. Although… she does have a tendency to create more problems as a result."

"And that's where we come in, Ryuusei-kun." Akeno said with a smile. Koneko also nodded her head, satisfied after I gave her the whole pack and began scarfing it down one by one. "So really, there's no need to worry. As Basa-kun said, we'll help when Buchou asks for it."

"I guess…"

The door opened behind us and the maid walked out. She took one look at us and inclined her head politely in greeting. "I apologize for kicking you all out of the room. In the meantime, you can spend the rest of the time however you want. I will notify all of you once things are done." she glanced at Sona. "And thank you again for allowing this meeting to happen in the school, Vignette-sama. And on such short notice at that."

The bespectacled girl shook her head. "There's no need for that, Grayfia-san. It's not a big deal at all."

The maid nodded wordlessly at that, then her eyes settled onto mine. "If I may have a moment of your time?" she prompted, gesturing for me to accompany her.

…I suppose it's time.

I trailed behind her, her heels clacking on the hallway as we separated away from the rest of the group, who were watching us in poorly-hidden curiosity. The maid led me to a room in Rias' mansion, one that looked like a small storage room filled with cabinets and shelves, for privacy. The door closed behind me as the maid entered last, locking it behind her.

"You are Basa, correct?" she asked. "A human magus? I believe you were a classmate and a longtime friend of ojou-sama, but aside from your description and some stories on your exploits, what she had said about you is… concerningly little."

"Ask me all you want. I'll answer." Well, those that can be answered, anyway.

There were a few moments of silence before the maid spoke once more. "...Very well. I suppose I shall ask the most important one regarding ojou-sama."

With that said, the maid's eyes sharpened. Power exuded from her form as she repeated the earlier stunt of Rias' fiance - but this time, it would actually be effective and make strong enemies pause. The difference of what I felt earlier was that the fiance was like a child's attempt to act tough. Right here, it felt like the real thing.

This was, after all, one of the strongest demons in Rias' setting.

"Then I shall ask you, Basa."

She spoke her words, staring at me straight into my soul.

"What exactly—"


"—do you want with her?"

I looked blankly at the heroine's smiling sister, who mirrored the same words that the maid had told me. She too was trying to learn about my aim regarding Yuki, who was looking over us with a strange expression on her face.

She had laughed out my earlier refusal to which I tried to do because, as seen in what's happening right at this very moment, I was trying to avoid suffering from being subjected to a shovel talk on two sides along with all the headache associated with it. Just like the maid who was talking to my other self, the heroine's sister was also trying to act intimidating.

An ambiguously neutral smile, looking at me straight in the eyes with her eyes slightly wide, entire body facing me fully at a slightly elevated height than mine, along with a lower tone of voice as she spoke - her entire body language was tailored for her on the 'upper hand' so to speak. A mundane person would be put unconsciously in the backfoot if they were subjected to this and would even be intimidated.

The woman was well aware of what she was doing too. Surprising, considering that drama characters are more realistic than perhaps the other genres but then again there are exceptions to the rule. Her ability spoke of a competence that made her one of these exceptions.

Haru Yanai was a side character. She can afford to be more one-dimensional than the rest, and that is characterized by her unrealistic levels of competence in all things social compared to the rest of the usual cast. That meant that she was more of a plot device used to move the story along than a character to be explored.

Anyway, looking at her right now, Yuki's sister's attempts of intimidation are superimposed on the maid's.

…Needs some work, I think.

"Well?" the woman smiled, a touch of smugness appearing in her features. I have a feeling that she misunderstood my silence somehow. "Are you going to answer my question?"

"I don't plan on doing anything to your sister. She just accompanies me to attempt the world from turning into a shitty mess of a setting." I answered bluntly.

From the corner of my eye I could see Yuki looking at me with deadpan eyes mouthing 'What the hell are you saying?' but I ignored it. Not like it meant anything, considering her sister just blinked at my answer, tilting her head in confusion.

"Eh? What's that supposed to mean?"

Yuki sighed. "He's just a friend, nee-san. Our relationship isn't… whatever you were thinking. There's no need for you to act like this."

"Friends don't visit each other's apartments casually, little sister. Especially when they do it every other day of the week." the woman retorted with a smile. "Are you still going to act like that doesn't mean anything?"

The heroine went quiet at that. There was no way for her sister to believe that they were just friends now. I waited, curious as to how she would spin this around without resorting for my help. She never did tell me what excuses she'll use.

"...Maybe it does mean something." the girl eventually replied. "But we're not at that stage yet. Maybe in the future, but not now."

…That's her approach?

I stared at the girl. She pointedly didn't look in my direction, but I could see her cheeks coloring slightly.

"Hmm…? Is that so?" her sister remarked, her thoughtful gaze alternating between the two of us. "Then it's true that the dour boy chose the other girl. I don't know why you'd want to have a delinquent as a rebound, but I guess the spite of rejection can do that."

"Basa-kun is not a rebound." Yuki interrupted with a sigh. "And he's not a delinquent either. You have eyes around me, so you should know about him - he just looks like that naturally. Basa-kun has been a perfect gentleman ever since we met."

Her sister hummed in thought. "Perhaps he might be."

I saw Yuki's shoulder relax a tiny bit, enough for me to conclude that she was relieved. Her sister's tone indicated that she accepted the explanation so that's one question dealt with… but of course, that's just a prelude to what is to come.

And I was vindicated when the woman let out a serene smile before speaking again.

"That doesn't answer why you'd suddenly involve yourself with an idol scandal, though. Mind telling me the series of events that led to it, little sister?"

Yuki's eyes imperceptibly sharpen before disappearing in a flash - replaced entirely by a sad and mournful expression in what could only be a practiced move. It looked genuine enough however, and the only tell would be the sharpening of her eyes which I only caught because I can keep up with shounen reaction times.

"Ah, yes… that." she muttered. "An acquaintance of mine was a friend of someone working in that idol agency, and they contacted me explaining what happened and asked for help. I just didn't want to sit by doing nothing, especially after seeing the proof sent to me. What happened there… it was unfortunate."

Yuki was grave and mournful. Genuinely so that I suspect that she was channeling her real feelings on what happened to those idols. Haru frowned, noticing the same.

"I see. Quite fortunate then that those idols had someone that knew you. And that someone is from your school?" Yuki nodded at that. "Hm, we benefited quite a lot from the whole thing. We placed some of our people on their board of the agency with that. I might even consider showing some gratitude to them for it. Do you mind telling me who this person is?"

Yuki hesitated a bit from that. "I… I don't think they'd like that, nee-san. They requested that they don't want to be involved in the spotlight at all."

"Really?"

"Yes." the heroine answered firmly.

Her sister hummed in thought again, staring at Yuki with an enigmatic smile.

"I don't believe you." she stated.

Yuki frowned. "...What do you mean? What do you not believe—"

"—You see, I visited the agency and had a talk with the idols of what happened. You know, since it was going to be one of the assets our family can use." the woman interrupted, her smile still in place. "There were some fuddy-duddy old men that protested on our involvement you see, which is why I had to be around, talking to people and making sure that there's going to be changes there and stuff,"

Her smile sharpened as she stared at her sister. Yuki flinched.

"Imagine when I got to talk with one of the victims and they said that they were helped by a man with blonde hair and tanned skin, along with two girls. One of them who, as they described, slightly looked like me… now isn't that strange?"

Silence followed her words. Yuki was looking at her sister in surprise, and I could tell that her mind was racing to figure out how to explain herself out of this one. Yet none were forthcoming. Her eyes then glanced at me and I could tell that she now wants my assistance.

And I know that I said that I'd ensnare her sister in a hypnosis, then modify her memories but…

"Hoh? I wonder what exactly you're insinuating with that?"

…There's something that I needed to do first, or all this set up would've been all for nought.

The heroine's sister turned to me, her attention gained from my interjection after sitting quietly. Her own sharp smile dimmed when she saw my small smirk - the first show of emotion that she had witnessed from me ever since she showed up.

"Are you saying that we were there in the idol agency when the arrests happened? That we were somehow the ones who helped those idols?" I asked as I slouched on the sofa. "What a strange claim to make. I'm sure that since you apparently have people guiding Yuki, you'd know that she was in school at that time. And by extension me, Yanai-san. Those people in the idol agency couldn't be us."

My smirk widened a bit.

"Unless, of course, you're saying that we were somehow in two places at once?"

Yuki was staring at me in confusion as I uttered the statement. That didn't make my words less true of course - there were always people around Yuki whenever she went outside. They were even with us when we dealt with some chores around town, but the genre divide made them go somewhere else whenever we involve ourselves in something not within the bounds of their setting's genre.

Still, that meant that Yuki's sister had confirmation that we were at school at the time of the director's arrest in the agency… along with confirmation that we were on the idol agency as well. Two conflicting sources of information that would make no sense. And not only that, I had been looking at the cameras whenever her spies took photos. She would definitely take notice of that.

Looking at her perspective, everything around me and this situation is mysterious.

Not unless of course they belong in a different setting that allows for it to happen plausibly. Perhaps one where magic is involved, or in those detective settings with ridiculously intricate plots. Both of which Haru Yukino isn't part of as she belongs in a drama genre.

There was really no way for her to know… not unless she turned meta, that is.

But then again, what are the chances of that? There's no way Yuki's sister would turn meta after I pointed out such a thing, right? That'd be stupid. All scenarios where someone turned meta occurred to those who are my 'love interests'., but there's no way something like that would happen to someone like Yuki's sister.

Right?

From my words, Haru's expression didn't change from her slightly dimmed smile. Of course, I also didn't miss the imperceptible narrowing of her eyes before forcing to keep her expression the same. A tell that is amusingly similar to what Yuki did earlier.

Yet she didn't speak, my statement remaining unchallenged.

And only a tense silence between us remained.


"I don't have anything I want with Rias. She's… a friend, or something along those lines."

I said those words to the quietly waiting Grayfia. Incredible demonic power that would quail even the strongest of men exudes from her form, attempting to intimidate me in hopes for an honest answer. Of course, having experienced worse, it didn't work at all.

My calm answer however had her raising a single brow. She wasn't surprised though, since she saw my reaction to what Rias' fiance did, but I was still managing to react calmly on being subjected to something leagues stronger. She was probably reassessing my strength in her mind.

Still, she continued. "...A 'friend', you say? Do you plan to keep being 'friends' with her then?" she asked evenly. "If so, why haven't you decided to turn into a demon? In fact, why haven't you joined her club like the rest?"

I stared at her, considering her intent after asking those questions.

The maid was looking at me like I was… well, a stupid teenager. From her words she probably thought that I wanted to have a relationship with Rias but, seeing how I wasn't part of her club or turned into a demon, it looked like I wasn't doing my best in being involved in her affairs. In short, she was pointing out that I was a lazy suitor.

Maybe it was an attempt to invalidate me seeing Rias now has an official fiance. An indirect way for me to stop my attempts so that there'll be no headache and they could accomplish whatever political objective they want from this. And perhaps if I don't take the hint, they'll force me to obey. Though I don't have a clear picture on her or Rias' family's thoughts to know how they'll act.

Still, even if it was, there's one crucial thing they didn't take into account.

"...I think you're misunderstanding something. I'm not the one who keeps sticking to Rias. Quite the opposite really."

The maid's eyes narrowed slightly. "And what do you mean by that?"

I shrugged. "Well, apparently I'm part of her harem."

A small crack appeared in the maid's neutral expression. "Is… is that so."

"Yes. She's the one who keeps breaking into my apartment and pestering me so that she can come along with whatever I'm doing. And it's only recently due to recent circumstances that it became… established, so to speak."

The maid stared at me for a few moments, looking straight at me in the eyes trying to ascertain the truth of my words. Then, seeing as I had nothing to hide, the woman exhaled and closed her eyes - the overbearing pressure she exuded disappearing away into nothingness.

"Ojou-sama… she really is just like her brother." she said with a sigh, tone exasperated. Then, she opened her eyes once more and turned to me. "I apologize for doing all of that."

I waved a hand. "It's fine. You were worried for her."

"I am. That girl is a reckless one, and I had to make sure." the woman then gave me a curious glance. "I didn't expect that she was the one doing the chasing, however. But it seems appropriate… Especially that I can see that you're no ordinary magus."

It seems that I've impressed her by keeping calm through her intimidation attempts. "You can say that." I said vaguely.

She nodded her head, willing to let things lie. "Very well. I have asked all that I need."

With that done she turned around and the door that she had locked earlier behind her. Instead of seeing an empty hallway however, we were met with the sight of nosy teenagers who were eavesdropping near the door for gossip. Rias' club members blinked at us in surprise, with Sona farther away from them looking at the group with a deadpan expression.

"Ah." the protagonist said, who was at the forefront of the group. "W-We… we were just planning to get some stuff in the storage room?"

The maid raised a brow at the weak excuse - but anything that she could've said was interrupted by a sudden explosion that rocked us in place.

Everyone stiffened, and then turned to the direction of the room where Rias and her fiance were in. There, a large part of the wall was destroyed with rubble and smoke coming out from the inside. It was the maid who recovered from her shock first and rushed to the place, with the rest of us following behind.

We swiftly reached it - and what we saw there made Rias' club and Sona react in surprise.

Rias stood in front of a slightly smoking Riser who was sprawled in the ground, looking at the redhead with a shocked look on his face. Everything in the room is totalled and the wall behind Riser was just gone, revealing the courtyard of the mansion outside.

Oh, and there are also some random scantily dressed girls gathered beside Riser who looked just as shocked as well, although they looked like they're ready to fight. His harem, perhaps? Where did they come from? Their summoning must have been masked when I was being subjected by the maid's power, it looks like.

Still, it looked like the situation escalated.

"What… what the hell are you doing!?" Riser shouted, finally recovering his composure.

"What else does it look like? I'm giving you a formal declaration " Rias replied with an uncharacteristic frown on her face. Her demonic appendages were out, demonic power coming out from her in waves. "I am not going to be your fiance - I challenge you, Riser Twining, to a duel to decide that."

Her statement was punctuated by her demonic power intensifying. Her supposed fiance's harem reacted accordingly, protecting the sprawled man by going in front of him and settling on a stance.

In response, Rias' club also went to stand next to their president. Stepping into the rubble, they too were preparing for a fight as they glared at their counterparts; a tense standoff manifesting between the two groups.

Riser stood up. "Y-You… You want to challenge me to duel!? Are you a fool!? Do you even have any idea what you're trying to do!?" he shouted, flummoxed and outraged. "This is an arrangement between our two families! A consolidation of power that will give us both leverage and send us to a higher position! And you want to prevent that!?"

For a moment there was silence after the man finished his words. Rias, who was staring at Riser with a serious expression, looked down - making her expression hidden from view as she did so.

"Ha… Hahahaha!"

Then, her shoulders shook as ominous chuckles came forth.

"Do you really think I care about that?"

Rias looked up again - but this time, she wore her usual grin. The one where it looked like she could take on an army and win despite all odds. Her gaze, directed straight to her supposed fiance, was filled with great vigor and determination. One intense enough to make Riser flinch.

"Listen up!" she began. "You can go around scuttling like rats, backstabbing and doing conniving plots back in hell, but I'm not gonna do that! No, I do what I want and take what I want - and I'll use my own power to make people submit and do my bidding! Like the real demon that I am!"

"You're talking to the one who'll be the President of Hell!" Rias shouted, her body crackling with demonic energy. "And I'm not gonna be, and ever gonna be in someone's harem! So accept the duel, you pathetic insecure worm!"

Her power pulsed out as she declared those words. Our training together helped her improve leaps and bounds, and if compared to Riser's own based on what I felt earlier… it felt approximately equal, probably even stronger than his own. And judging by the slight sweat in the fiance's brow, he also realized that fact.

"You… A demon who spent her time playing on the surface, calling me weak!?" any sign of worry disappeared however when his bravado reared at its head. "Fine, I accept your challenge! I'll make you submit to my will!"

Rias then turned to the maid, who was simply watching with a neutral expression.

"Heard all that, Grayfia?" the redhead asked, her power retreating within her.

"I did, Ojou-sama." the woman answered, walking towards Riser and his harem before standing near them. She glanced at the redhead. "This duel shall be issued formally as you had declared, and your brother and family will be notified of your response."

Rias gave her a grateful smile. "Thanks, Grayfia… And sorry, I'm sure this'll make a mess." she added apologetically.

"...It will. And I accept your apology." the maid then paused for a moment. "However, there is one thing I must ask, Ojou-sama."

The redhead blinked as the maid suddenly spoke in a serious tone of voice.

"Your declaration to take the seat of the Ruler of Hell…" the maid started, eyes gleaming darkly. "Does that mean that you also plan to challenge your own brother's authority?"

There was a moment of pause as those ominous words sunk in. The woman didn't let out any of her demonic energy unlike what she did to me, but the implication of getting her hostility on its own is enough to ramp up the tension, like a guillotine blade hanging over your head.

The people present unconsciously became nervous, with the protagonist even audibly gulping in fear. Even Riser felt bothered by the maid's presence based on the twitch in his face.

Rias was the exception. She just powered through it and grinned, looking as if she wasn't bothered at all.

Another byproduct of our training. She was subjected to the fear aura that horror monsters produce after her first encounter in the idol agency. Something significantly terrifying than this one.

"Of course! I'm gonna beat my brother in his own game!" she said cheerfully. "Tell him that I'll surpass him when the time comes! I just gave him a little head start, that's all!"

The maid, seeing this, just stared at Rias with a neutral expression… before her lips twitched upwards into a soft smile.

"...You've changed, Rias." she muttered in a volume no one but me could've heard. Rias looked at her questioningly, but before she could ask the maid interrupted her.

"Very well." the woman said, bowing slightly. "Then by your leave, I shall be returning Twining-sama back to hell. The duel will be arranged accordingly.at your behest. We will notify you when it happens after a short while." she then glanced at Riser and gestured to them to come near. "If you would."

"I can't believe I have to go through this farce…" Riser growled. He glared at all of us - then his eyes met mine.

There was something in that gaze of his. Anger, humiliation, and surprisingly, a miniscule undercurrent of fear. It was a stereotypical look of someone proud whose ego was hurt and was now questioning their own competence. I didn't know why it was directed at me though, considering he looked down on me for being human earlier.

Then he clicked his tongue and looked away.

"You'll regret this, Rias. You'll be mine sooner or later." he muttered darkly as he approached Grayfia.

With that promise said, the maid summoned a magical circle that enveloped them all. An incredible amount of demonic energy fed the spell to activation - punching a hole between realms. A flash of light enveloped them all, turning them to wisps, ending in a flash.

And after the glow died down, they were gone.

Rias kept up her confident grin for a few moments… then she dropped down on the floor, her legs unable to support her weight.

"Buchou!" the protagonist and the rest of the club rushed to her in worry.

"I'm fine! I'm fine." the redhead reassured. She stayed seated on the ground, heaving deep breaths. "It's just… it was so intense. Grayfia was so scary!" she whined.

"There, there. You did good, Buchou." Akeno rubbed the back of the redhead consolingly.

"I'm actually surprised you managed to act composed through all that. Her presence is overwhelming." Sona added as she approached. Then, she put on a worried expression. "...But you've really done something reckless now, Rias. I mean, challenging your fiance? You're not only challenging him, but by extension, his family and yours! They're the ones who decided the arrangement!"

Rias frowned at her words. Then, waving away Akeno's hands, she went to stand up. "...Maybe it is reckless, but what else can I do? There's no way for me to stop it other than this way." she sighed. "I know that I haven't been making use of my opportunities, content to become average and get by. My family probably thinks that I'd be fine with this. Since at least that way, I'd be helping the family instead of being just an inadequate daughter that didn't amount to anything."

She sighed.

"But… I've come to realize some things about myself, and how I needed to change it." she glanced at me meaningfully as she said that. "It's why we've been training again and improving ourselves. And I know that it's been way too late to say that after doing nothing much here in the human world… but I'd still like to make my future myself. Is it selfish to want that?"

Sona stared at her in surprise for a few moments. Then, she let out a sigh. "...It is selfish. But even so, this was something that you deserve. The right to marry who you want shouldn't be taken away from you. I know I would've reacted the same."

Then she adjusted her glasses, making them flash.

"But you are wrong about one thing, Satanichia - You haven't done 'nothing much' here." she corrected in a stern tone. "Your presence helped immensely in dealing with stray demons. And while our kind staying in hell doesn't appreciate such things, it doesn't change the fact that you saved many lives. It would do you good to acknowledge that."

"Don't put yourself down, Buchou. You've done good." Akeno agreed with a casual smile. "And while you might have been reckless… Well, it's not like we'll go anywhere, are we? We already followed you out of hell, so we'll be with you every step of the way."

Kiba and Koneko nodded their heads, smiling as they did so. Their most recent club member however spoke up instead, face determined.

"I might not have joined you guys earlier but you saved my life, Buchou. I'll be with you guys. Always." he declared.

"And I too, if you need assistance then me and my student council can always help you." Sona added. "I'm not a part of your club, but I will always help a valued friend in need."

The redhead looked at her friends, eyes widened in shock.

Rias' eyes sparkled, eyes slightly moist. "You guys…" she closed her eyes, holding her tears in. There were a few seconds of her trying to gather her composure… then when she opened it again it was filled with gratitude and purpose. She clenched her fist and smiled at her friends.

"Thank you."

…How touching.

I watched it all from the side. And despite the fact that it felt like I was intruding upon this little scene, seeing this puts a smile on my face. It was the simple yet precious loyalty and camaraderie that can never be found anywhere but in shounen. Something that can be considered beautiful, envisioned from the idealism and romanticism of a fiction aimed for youth.

This dumb world can get ridiculous at times, but this? This was a side that I didn't mind.

Now if only the genre itself wasn't so destructive.

"By the way, Buchou." Kiba asked. "What happened inside when we went out? It looked like you attacked your fiance there. He didn't do anything bad to you, did he?"

"Oh that?" Rias looked sheepish. "That was, err, at first I tried to tell him that I didn't want a fiance and tried to apologize because the whole thing was arranged in a rush, but Riser got annoyed somehow. Then he started to say some stuff that got me annoyed, and then one thing led to another… and then he did something that pissed me off."

Akeno tilted her head. "What is it?"

Rias was quiet for a moment, before smiling. "He suddenly summoned his harem with some artifact, then said that I'll be a part of it. I got angry since, well…"

The redhead turned to me and walked to approach. She stopped right in front of me, eyes filled with mischief. I raised a brow at her expression.

Then, she suddenly grabbed me and pulled me in. A collective gasp went up around us.


Spoiler

Our lips touched each other and the demon didn't want to make our first kiss pure. No, the redhead wanted to rape my mouth with a wet, french kiss - her tongue lashed against my own as her innate demonic instincts working as she worked on me expertly that would've left any normal man breathless. I also felt a tingle of pleasure as her saliva, a natural aphrodisiac according to her race's biology, entered my mouth and worked its magic.

Of course, I didn't want to just take it. I reciprocated - using my own skills to pleasure her just as her biology did to mine. Rias moaned and leaned against me, her giant tits molding against my chest and letting me feel her hardening nipples through her clothes and bra. Her hands reached to the back of my hand, further pulling me into her kiss.

Then when things started to turn exciting - Rias extracted herself away from me. Our lips detached, a string of saliva forming between us, before she wiped her mouth. She looked at me and gave me a wink and a grin, one filled with desire and promised future saucy things.


Spoiler

"I already have a harem of my own, after all." she stated, finishing her earlier words.

And unlike earlier where she jovially claimed the same, her words this time were serious and couldn't be written off as something she said for comedy's sake. It felt like a confession… no, not just that.

It was a declaration of intent. Acceptance or not, she'll do what she wants. Just like what she declared earlier with her fiancé.

Rias stared straight into my eyes and I found myself doing the same… then, for some reason, I found myself looking away while trying to keep my expression neutral. In the corner of my eye I saw Rias' smile widen at my reaction but I ignored it, focusing on the other people around instead.

All of them had varying degrees of reactions. Koneko in particular looked smug, while Akeno and Kiba just looked bummed. An unexpected reaction, but then I caught their hands discreetly handing something to Koneko - were they betting? They were totally betting something about me and Rias, weren't they.

In contrast to that, the protagonist was staring at me in naked jealousy. "Damn delinquent bastard…! Go explode!"

Oi, you have a damn girlfriend. You don't get to say that.

The last one has a surprising reaction. Sona was biting the tip of her thumb as the bespectacled girl stared at Rias with… jealousy? She was jealous of her. Right, I seem to recall that this girl has some questionable tastes and - well, I'd rather not think about that now.

The protagonist also notices Sona's reaction and his glare towards me intensified. Don't blame me for that girl's freakiness, damnit.

Thankfully before he could pick a fight or something Rias' voice cut through the din.

"—Alright, everyone!" Everyone looked at Rias, looking extremely cheerful and happy for some reason. She puffed her chest and put her hands on her hips. "It's been a surprising turn of events, but I think that we should get back on what we were planning to do. We're gonna train, and we'll do it extra hard! Especially now that we have someone to beat!"

She pumped her fist.

"Let's go and do our best!" she declared.

For a moment the others stared at each other, and then at her. Then, they smiled.

"Yosh! Let's do this!"

"As you say, Buchou."

"Sure~!"

"Un."

"Not a part of this, but alright. I haven't trained for a while."

The various replies returned to her made Rias' smile transform into a wide grin. She then turned to me, eyes filled with barely contained excitement and anticipation.

"So, Basa-kun. Since I did bring you here as our trainer… what do you think we should do?" she asked.

I stared at the redhead, then the rest of the other people present who were also looking at me with similar expressions. Akeno, Kiba, Koneko, Sona, the protagonist… no, not the protagonist. Just Ryuusei. Because if there was one thing that I'd managed to get something out of the whole event, then it was cementing a suspicion that has been on my mind ever since Rias had turned meta.

Rias had turned meta and thus can act beyond her role. Her actions now force the entire plot to adjust in order to compensate, and with the show of drive and determination, along with treasured friends promising to follow her and support her - It wouldn't be remiss to say that Rias was now the story's protagonist.

There was nothing stopping her from achieving her full potential now. Which means…

"Alright then, you asked for it." I started, an ominous smile appearing in my face. Rias blinked at my change in demeanor. "Don't regret this now."

They're asking for results? Then I'll give it to them. With Rias having the protagonist energy and the rest of her friends riding on its coattails, I could truly cut loose and not just ease someone into it like Yuki or Aoki-san. It's really crushing to think that my Personal Training From Hell was something I only did to myself.

Subjecting someone to that training plan I designed should be a nice experience for once.

The others looked slightly frightened now, but I paid it no mind and grinned at them.

"Let's go do a training montage."


From my other perspective, things were still as tense as ever. And only after a long while of thoughtful silence that Yuki's sister spoke once more. I stayed my hand, filled with anticipation, as to what would happen.

"Interesting…" she muttered, her eyes focusing on me.

It was then that I summoned my spirit weapon, the small butterfly knife manifesting in my hands with a slight glow before solidifying into a physical form. Almost simultaneously, Haru turned her head to look towards her sister to gauge her reaction, making her miss what I did entirely.

Yuki looked surprised at what I had done.

Seeing her sister's reaction, Haru once again turned to me and saw the beautiful-looking butterfly knife in my hands. Her eyes narrowed slightly, probably wondering why I had that or where I took it out of, but didn't say anything.

I just slouched against the couch once more with a sigh, idly toying with the weapon.

"...I'll accept that explanation for now." her sister eventually said, her usual fake smile coming back on her face, Yet it was evidently a fixed one, perhaps because of how confused she was about the whole thing. "I suppose what the idol had said was a coincidence. Perhaps they just made a mistake. It's not too uncommon for memories to change in face of trauma, after all."

"Totally." I said blandly.

The woman slightly twitched at my comment. I could tell that there are a million questions in her head but, with no way of answering them, she can only stew on what it could mean. The genre divide will always apply to her thoughts and actions - and while it may not force her to believe the truth of our ridiculous excuse, she'll be forever in the state of wondering, never knowing the true answer.

Haru Yanai dissected with her intensely sharp gaze; trying to understand me, and attempting to fit me into her very narrow worldview.

No matter how useless such a task would be.

"...You really do know how to pick the interesting ones, sister." she eventually muttered. "It makes me a little jealous."

The woman then sent me a sultry smile.

"Say, are you interested in having an upgraded version of Yuki?"

"N-Nee-san! What are you saying!?" Yuki shouted, scandalized.

"Joking, joking. Jeez, no need to be so territorial." her sister said with a laugh. The woman then stood up from her sofa, fixing her clothes slightly as she did so. "Oh well, this little meet-up had proved to be interesting. I have places to be though, so while I want to stay and chat some more, I need to cut this meeting short."

Her sister then walked towards the entrance of Yuki's apartment, waving a hand in farewell as she did so.

"It's been nice talking to you two~! Especially you, Yuki. It's been a while since we've talked face to face like this."

Yuki blinked in surprise at her sister's sudden decision to leave. "R-Right. Goodbye, sister." she seemed to hesitate for a moment, before taking the plunge. "And… I feel the same as well. We should talk to each other more." she admitted.

Hearing those words the woman gave her sister a surprisingly genuine smile, one that showed her true feelings unlike the ones she made earlier - revealing that, maybe, underneath that plasticity and deceit was someone who treasured her family. However, that same smile was short-lived as it sharpened when she turned her focus towards me.

"And you, mister." she began. "I'll be definitely keeping an eye on you. So make sure you don't hurt my little sister, alright~? Bye bye~!"

Saying those words, the woman then disappeared from sight as she passed to the hall. I heard the telltale sound of the door opening and then closing as Haru Yanai left the apartment, leaving only me and Yuki alone.

Yuki sighed.

"Well, you piqued her interest. She's definitely going to try and find out more about what happened." the heroine muttered, before turning to me with a questioning look. "Was there any reason why you had to taunt her with the knowledge like that? She surely now needs to have her memories altered to get her off our back."

I hummed, toying with the knife before dismissing it. It disappeared into glowing wisps and I turned to the heroine. "...I was testing something." I answered.

"Testing? What were you testing?"

"To see if she's gonna go meta."

The heroine looked startled at that. "What? My sister—" she stopped, eyes narrowing. "So that was why you suddenly summoned your spirit weapon. You were testing if she's going to see it appear."

"Yes, I was. It didn't work though. The genre divide still applies to her."

It was something that I was curious about and something that I thought of when realizing that Yuki's sister got eyes on her. I planned to lure her to interact with me by looking into the spy pictures as bait along with other things, with Yuki's recent actions in the idol agency being the straw that broke the camel's back.

I wanted to see if turning someone meta was possible. Haru Yanai was related to someone who turned meta, is female and thus a possible love interest, along with the intellect of someone whose environment is that of politics. I pointed out the major inconsistencies to our excuse and even tempted fate.

Yet she didn't turn her meta.

As expected, the phenomenon was a mystery. But at least I have confirmation that this isn't the route to go. It was a long shot anyway, and I expected it to fail. Still, the woman would have to be monitored to see if there were any future developments.

The heroine sighed when I explained all those to her. "...You know, you should inform me about this first before you test it out to my sister." she said in deadpan. "And in the first place, what would have happened if it worked? I don't believe that my sister having access to other genres is a good idea."

I scratched the back of my head, unable to meet her gaze. "I was confident in my ability to reign her in. I dealt with plenty of her archetype." my answer was met with silence. "Right. I should've told you. I'm sorry."

The girl kept her stare up for a few seconds… before it broke down, the girl letting out a slight chuckle. I gave the heroine a puzzled look at her weird reaction.

"I-I apologize. It's just that I was so used to my sister knowing everything and looking so in control." Yuki said, giggling as she did so. "It's refreshing to see her dancing on someone else' palm and not knowing what to do… I think it was the first time I saw her be like that."

…I suppose that from her perspective, such a competent character would look invincible. However, Yuki was more than that now.

Although unlike Rias, who I know is now the protagonist, I still don't know where Yuki's plot will lead to after no longer becoming the main heroine. I suppose I'll know in due time.

The heroine relaxed on the sofa in a satisfied way, knowing that all her worries were dealt with. She let out an exhale before turning to me with a curious expression. "What is happening with Rias-san right now? Is everything alright?"

"She's fine. Rias challenged her fiance to a duel to get out of her betrothal. I'm training her, her club, and a plus one right now." I answered, and she nodded.

"I see. That's great then." there was a pause from her. "And how was her kiss?"

"It was nice." I muttered, before blinking and turning to the heroine in surprise. "Wait, how…?"

Yuki gave me an impish grin, amused at managing to make me caught off-guard. It was remarkably similar to her sister's own that I just saw minutes ago, and one that is surprisingly cute to see on her usually expressionless face.

"Rias-san gave me her number a while ago. We've been talking, and she'd been planning on doing that for a while now." she explained, and her cheeks gained a slight color. "I also didn't expect for her to be so… forward, to declare that I was part of her harem when we were talking."

I raised a brow. "It's not like you mind, do you? Rias certainly knows that you don't." she stiffened, staring at me in shock. "You weren't subtle checking her out whenever we trained together." I clarified.

The heroine reddened, completely mortified - yet she didn't deny those words. It looks like she'd come to accept that part of herself, especially with what I saw when she defeated the balloon monster masquerading as her.

But the heroine surprised me again when she spoke once more.

"Maybe I really don't mind." Yuki whispered.

Then, she turned to me, her face still red… but there was no denying about the determined expression that she wore. Her hands were clenched together and brought to her chest, so that it may calm her visibly beating heart.

"I was serious with nee-san earlier, you know? About what I said." Yuki continued. "What she implied might not be the stage in our relationship yet, but… I won't be against it, if it turns into that."

I stared at her straight in the eyes of the second girl who confessed to me this day. She fidgeted in place, waiting nervously for my reply.

"You still haven't recovered from your protagonist's rejection, and it has only been a couple of months since we have met. There are also plenty of things you don't know about me, and I about you." I stated factually, making Yuki stiffen. "Even knowing those things, can you truly say that you can take such a step?"

Yuki kept quiet. I could tell that her mind was racing, ruminating about my words thoughtfully like she usually does. There was a long while of silence before the girl continued to speak again.

"...I am a drama character, you know? I'm already quite aware of the issues. Joining a harem between people I only met recently is so unusual… but then, everything about us is already so unusual, isn't it? Common sense doesn't apply." she said. "And while we may not know much about each other… I believe that this is the opportunity for us to do so. And I'm excited to do that, because the Basa-kun I know is already someone I admire."

Then, the girl let out a smile. It was a peaceful smile, bereft of any worries or doubts.

"So the answer is yes. I'm sure about this, Basa-kun." she answered.


Spoiler

"I like you."

Her sincerity made me pause for a bit. And as she said that, Yuki gazed at me in a way that is similar to Rias earlier - and in the same manner I found myself unable to look at her for some reason while forcing my expression neutral. Yuki blinked, seemingly surprised.

"...You're blushing." she muttered, eyes wide.

My eyes narrowed and I glared at her. "What? I'm not."

The heroine let out a giggle. It was a beautiful, melodious sound. "I see. So Basa-kun makes that expression too. What a great sight."

I clicked my tongue and looked away again, ignoring the heroine's giggles.

Dealing with two shovel talks followed by two confessions back-to-back…

This was not how I thought this day was going to go at all.
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Fungod, adamasx and 1,907 others
Skrubchap
Aug 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Aug 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,097
And here we are with the Rias arc. Lots of lewds this chapter as well, let's goooo!


Chapter 17

Days passed by after my meeting with both Yuki's sister and Rias' maid sister-in-law.

It was presently morning in Aoki-san's apartment and I was eating breakfast after she offered to cook. I didn't want to refuse such an offer so here I am, eating together with her. Yuki also arrived here early as usual and joined us at the table, not having had her own breakfast yet. Though I think she just wanted to take the opportunity to taste the blue-haired woman's cooking.

Something that I don't blame her for. Aoki-san's cooking is delicious. Hm, I wonder what would happen if I introduced her to some of the cooking related stories out there…? I never did try to learn it myself, but she might find some use for it.

Anyway, the heroine put her chopsticks down as she finished her breakfast. She looked satisfied. "That was delicious. Thank you for the food, Aoki-san."

"You've been really eating your fill, Yuki-chan. Is this because of your training?" Aoki-san said with a giggle, making the girl flush self-consciously. "Don't worry. I feel the same too. Basa-kun has been really putting me through the grinder. He's surprisingly merciless even to an old, wasting woman like me!"

Yuki sweatdropped. "I don't think it's right to call it that far…"

I nodded in agreement.

"She's right. You're not old, Aoki-san. And that's not me flattering you." I corrected. "The rejuvenation techniques and exercises that I applied to you when we were training would make you even younger. Physically, your body is approximately twenty-five years old now and at prime form. And it will continue as such as long as you keep training."

Aoki-san blinked in surprise. "Oh, is that so? No wonder my back hasn't been hurting lately."

"I didn't think you could make someone younger with just training… But I could see it, considering how ridiculous some of the martial arts you've shown us are." Yuki commented in thought. "I suppose the magical elements help too. The mana circulating inside the body after unlocking circuits should affect its vitality, if I recall."

Aoki-san's eyes brightened. "Oh! Speaking of - I've been getting a hang of using them now! It's incredible to cast an actual spell!"

The woman looked as excited as a kid in a candy store, clapping her hands giddily as she spoke of her achievement. Understandable, as anyone experiencing magic for the first time would be excited about it. Yuki let out a smile.

"Is that so? That's incredible then. What sort of spell did you cast, Aoki-san?"

"It was structural analysis. It was interesting to see how my refrigerator worked from the inside out. Especially with Basa-kun helping me learn other academic subjects again. I was a bit worried about that since they were never really my strong suit…"

She put a hand on her cheek then turned to look at me. I was then subjected to her half-lidded eyes looking me up and down, checking me out and undressing me in her eyes, and the woman let out a saucy smile that I recognized when she was feeling particularly horny.

"...But I suppose I shouldn't have worried. It's hard, sure, but rewarding. Kind of like college all over again, but this time with a hot teacher tutoring and putting all his attention to me." she finished, licking her lips. "It's certainly a learning experience."

And it was. In the past few days, every time we have the time to train it always ends with me cumming inside her womb as the woman screams in pleasure. And better yet, since we have a training room where time is much faster than what happens outside, it means that we can spend hours fucking each other in there without wasting our time outside.

Every session with Aoki-san led to us having sex, one way or another… though while fucking the woman into an insensate mess is something I enjoy, I don't do it entirely because of that.

No, that was because as an adult character, I could frame the situation into a sexual scenario for her.

It was something like what she did with unlocking her magic circuits. Normally one might have trouble, but looking back to it I observed that she could get very proficient at something if she was being sexually teased and was offered an orgasm as a reward. These dom-sub scenarios will always lead to a climax, hence the plot itself assists Aoki-san to achieve the goal.

And making use of that is a good training tool for the woman. The results were promising and her growth was exceeding that of what Yuki and Rias started with. Of course, further testing is required for other types of training.

—Anyway, Yuki blushed at Aoki-san's words. She glanced at me and although she didn't say anything, she was visibly checking me out. The girl would've been flustered from that before but ever since she had confessed, she was openly displaying her interest.

Although, that sort of forwardness couldn't compare to the other person who confessed to me that day.

I glanced at a particular direction, one that the other two with me mirrored once it hit their magical senses.

Out of thin air, a magical circle was summoned near the dining room. It wasn't anything dangerous as I added defenses here in Aoki-san's apartment. There was a bit of the usual light show, and the next thing we knew, a person was standing there.

Rias arrived in the apartment and she wore her school uniform like usual, with her wings and tails revealed.

"Morning everyone!" she cheerily greeted.

Yuki smiled. "Good morning, Rias-san."

"Oh, Rias-chan! Good morning." Aoki-san greeted back as well. "Did you have breakfast yet? I cooked enough for you as well."

"Ooh! Thank you, Aoki-san! Your cooking is always the best." she said, making the woman giggle from the compliment, before turning to me. "But before that though… I think I'd like an appetizer first." she said with a grin.

I raised a brow in question, but before I could ask the redhead demon suddenly grabbed me by the collar and hauled me to my feet - leaving me face to face with her.

Then she leaned in and captured my lips.

"R-Rias-san!?" "Oh my~!"

I heard Yuki and Aoki-san's surprised reactions but most of my attention was on the redhead who suddenly made out with me right in front of everyone without shame. Her arms moved from my collar and to the back of my head, pulling me in further into her lips as I felt her prodigious bust press against my chest.

Just like our very first kiss, she devoured my mouth without grace, her innate demonic biology and instincts working with her to make it pleasurable for me despite the fact she has no experience in this at all. I could feel my dick rising from the effects and her hips gyrated unconsciously in response.

I didn't want to be the only one feeling pleasured though. I leaned further into the kiss and started to battle with her tongue, making her bend backwards slightly. A hand went on her behind to stabilize her, while the other I started to use to play her body to my heart's content.

"❤~!"

The woman in my arms moaned and she intensified her own kissing. She raised her one leg to lock it behind me, her skirt riding up revealing her soaked panties as she started to hump on my dick through the clothes. At that point, her wings were also fluttering uncontrollably as she stared at me with glazed eyes.

She was in a daze, her mind only focused on pleasure. And it doesn't look like she's planning on stopping anytime soon. Things… might get carried away at this rate.

I should probably end it here.

And so, in a swift movement I grabbed the girl's tail behind her - then tugged it roughly. The sudden pleasure made Rias remove her lips from mine and stiffen up like her muscles locked in place.

"O-Ouwghhhh—!!!"

Rias let out a particularly dirty moan, her eyes crossing slightly as her body hugged me tight. Her wings were fully extended just like her tail which had wrapped around my arm. I felt the crotch area of my pants damp slightly as she came through her own panties.

Then, she relaxed. I hugged her tight so that she wouldn't fall. She buried her head on my chest, heaving deep breaths.

There was a moment of silence.

"Well." Aoki-san suddenly said with a bright smile. "That looked like it felt incredible."

Rias exhaled, extracting herself from my chest. "Yes…. yes, it definitely was." she replied.

"Did you really have to do it right in front of us?" Yuki said with a sigh, slightly red in the face.

Rias just gave her an unabashed grin. "Of course! I've been doing it to Basa-kun everytime we meet up for the day. Why else should today be different?"

"Y-You've been kissing everyday like that!?" Yuki shouted in surprise.

The redhead looked proud at that. "Yeah. I've been conditioning him. This way he won't forget the taste of my lips and would have the urge to kiss me everytime he sees me!"

"Conditioning? Oi, what am I, some sort of pet?" I deadpanned.

"Oh, so you were doing what I suggested?" Aoki-san asked Rias, who nodded.

"Yep! Thanks for telling me that, by the way!"

Yuki looked at the woman in shock. "Aoki-san!?"

With a sigh, I sat back down as the redhead started to join in on breakfast. As always, things started to turn livelier once Rias arrived and the day started as usual. Or at least, what constitutes as 'usual' for me now. The definition had been quite turbulent as of late.

So many unusual things have happened. A few years back, I'd be having breakfast here with Aoki-san before she left for work while I go to school. It was quiet, controlled, and it didn't involve me suddenly gaining a harem of three who somehow share the same circumstance as I do. The reasons for which I still have no idea why.

But really, to be completely honest…

I stared at the three women who I shared the table with. Rias was gobbling up the food in a manner that made Yuki sigh and scold her lightly, while Aoki-san chuckled at the two with an almost motherly smile on her face.

…I don't really mind it that much.


When Rias finished her food, she had explained the reason why she came here was to pick me up. As I said, a few days had passed since the duel was issued, and in that span of time they had already informed Rias as to where the duel will be held and when.

According to the details given to her, the duel will be held tomorrow at dawn. Specifically, at three o'clock in the morning - the Devil's hour, she stated, which is usually the time they use for important ceremonial events. And the location that the duel will be held would be in hell, somewhere near Rias' family territory.

Rias asked me to come with her and to also sneak in last minute training. Aoki-san and Yuki meanwhile gave her goodlucks before we left, with Aoki-san even providing some lunch boxes for Rias and her club. The two weren't coming with, busy with their own stuff, and Rias said that the whole duel thing wasn't much of a big deal anyways since she's going to easily beat Riser's ass.

Then she both teleported us to her club mansion. When the light show was over, I was left standing in a newly-repaired meeting room where the rest of her club were lounging.

Along with a plus one.


Spoiler

The girl was the one I saw in the park back then when I saved the ex-protagonist, Ryuusei. She looked very surprised about our sudden appearance. Considering that reaction… wasn't this girl just a mundane person? Did Ryuusei reveal the supernatural to her? Well whatever.

Speaking of said ex-protagonist, the boy was laid down on the sofa with his head on the girl's lap. His expression was in bliss as his girlfriend gave him a lap pillow. That quickly went away when he saw us arrive though, his expression morphing into one of horror as he immediately stood up.

"AHHH!!! THE BASTARD'S HERE!!!" he screamed in fear.

The other members of the club also noticed us and their reactions, while not as overdramatic as the ex-protagonist, were fairly similar to his as the general relaxed atmosphere in the room turned into something more forced.

"A-Ara. It's good to see you, Buchou." Akeno greeted with a smile on her face that looked a bit fixed. "It's still quite early, isn't it? I thought that training should start a few hours from now…"

"Huh? Was there an agreed schedule?" Rias asked cluelessly, making the black-haired girl look horrified and cover her face with her hands.

It was Kiba who answered, doing so with a forced chuckle. "No, but we did always have free time in the morning for the past few days…" he trailed off, before sighing when Rias just gave him a questioning look. "Right. Of course we just assumed."

The last one of the club just tried to ignore us. Koneko simply laid down on the sofa and covered her head with a pillow, curling in a fetal position and tried to bury herself on the cushion as much as she could.

"Nngh… Don't wanna train…!" she grumbled, voice muffled slightly.

I blankly stared at the club who were reacting at our arrival with despair.

Whoops, teehee. Did I overdo their training, I wonder? I mean, it's not like they're hurting because they were healed after physically and magically taxing their bodies… but then again, they were put into training right after that with minimal rest. And we kept doing that for a long time too, since they borrowed the time-dilating training room in my apartment for that.

Hm, was that too much? I mean, it's not like they were bleeding out of their mouth and suffering aneurysms compared to my own training back in the day… Eh, probably not.

It's likely just because they're starting out. These guys are shounen characters - their physical limits are the highest. It's not like Rias had been complaining since she has it worse, considering this was additional training for her.

Speaking of her, Rias sighed when she saw the state of the club.

"Okay, this won't do." she muttered.

She approached the sofa and picked up Koneko under her armpits, who didn't fight it and just dangled uselessly on her grasp while giving her club leader a flat look on her face. The redhead ignored the girl's look as she turned to address the rest of her club.

"Alright, listen up you guys! The fight is going to be at dawn tomorrow so we're going to be doing our best to train ourselves before the fight! Then after that, we'll finalize our strategies. This is the last opportunity that we're going to get, so let's make use of it!" she declared.

"But Buchou, shouldn't we be getting our rest? We've been training nonstop and the fight is going to be at dawn!" Ryuusei protested.

"We will have time to rest but that's for later, and if that's not enough Basa-kun will help us with his stamina and rejuvenation potions." there was a bit of grumbling at that but no more protests came forth. The redhead then looked around. "By the way, where's Sona? She's not gonna join us?"

"Sona was still incapacitated from yesterday's training." Akeno informed. "She was also cursing you quite a lot, according to the student council."

"Well it's her fault for trying to join when she's not even going to fight with us. It's not like I forced her to come with." Rias commented. Then, she looked at the new girl in the room. "And it's nice to see you here, Aisha-san. Are you going to watch us train?"

The girl nodded shyly. "I-If that's fine."

"It's more than fine, Aisha! I can show you just how strong I've become!" Ryuusei interjected. "Plus, I'm going to need you there - our trainer is such a slave-driving, cruel, inhumane, merciless—"

"Get to the point." I sighed out.

"—brutal, villainous bastard that with you just being there by my side would make me cry in relief!" the ex-protagonist cried out, before his eyes locked in on the girl's lap. He then let out a perverted smile. "Heh, hehehe… I could just imagine sniffing your wonderfully soft thighs after a workout and experiencing heaven - Ahh, my ears!"

Aisha stopped pulling his ears with a red face. "S-Stop doing that! Don't act perverted right in front of everyone!" she scolded, embarrassed.

"R-Right, sorry…"

Akeno giggled. "Ara, to think that there was someone capable of reigning in Ryuusei-kun that easily. I thought doing that was an impossible task."

The girl looked even more embarrassed at that. "W-We're childhood friends. I know how obnoxious Ryuusei could get, so it falls to me to act as his minder most of the time. It's why I was a bit worried about what he would do when he joined this club." she paused. "And also because, well…"

"....You thought he joined because of me and Rias, didn't you?" Akeno asked with a gentle smile. "You were worried about us stealing your man."

The girl blushed. "W-Well, I wouldn't quite put it like that…"

"I wouldn't do that to you, Aisha! I know I might act stupid, but I'm not going to cheat on you!" Ryuusei declared sincerely.

"I-I know! You don't have to shout!" she cried out in embarrassment. "I do trust you, but we weren't boyfriend and girlfriend at that time. And you were acting sort of suspicious too… but I didn't think that it was actually because magic was real and that you've somehow turned into a demon." she made a confused expression. "Even now I still don't quite grasp everything. I have a lot of questions."

Ryuusei blinked at that, before scratching his head. "...Me too, actually. I know you guys have been teaching me, but most of it is about demonic affairs. There's quite a lot that I still don't know."

"...Well, why don't we change that?" Akeno suddenly said, letting out a saucy smile. The both of them blinked. "I can arrange a… private meeting between the two of us. And then we'll have a nice, long talk about everything you need to know."

She then winked.

"And maybe if you're lucky, we can have some fun together there as well?"

There was a moment of silence.

"I shall accept. Thank you for the opportunity." the ex-protagonist answered. Oi.

Her girlfriend slowly turned to him with a menacing look. "...Ryuusei."

"A-Ah, wait, I'm sorry! I'm not going to do that!"

With her boyfriend now suitably cowed, the girl then turned to the club. "I'm sorry, but he's not going to do that." she said firmly, her earlier reservation gone. "I know that you all are demons so it might be different for you, but I'm not going to let this sort of—"

"Akeno was actually talking to you, Aisha-san." Kiba interrupted in an exasperated tone.

"—thing slide… Eh?" the girl blinked.

The black-haired succubus giggled. "My my, haven't you heard of the rumors? I believe that a few lucky girls in my fan club have shared their… experience, of us having some fun around school." she tilted her head with a smile. "Was it real? Or was it a lie? Who knows? I certainly had fun though."

"E-Ehh? Eeeehh!?" the girl looked completely shocked.

Ryuusei was in a similar state, but for different reasons. "G-Girl on girl action…! As expected of a succubus!"

Rias tilted her head looking at the two of them with a confused expression on her face.

"Why are you guys so shocked? Especially you, Ryuusei. It's obvious she prefers girls." Rias said. "I could pretty much feel her eyefucking me whenever she entered the room. It's probably why she joined me out of hell in the first place."

"Kuh—!" Akeno coughed at that, caught in surprise. "T-There's no need to say those things, Rias!"

"T-That's why she was looking at me strangely earlier!?" Aisha shouted with a bright blush.

"E-Eh? Akeno-san was doing that earlier to Aisha…?" the ex-protagonist has a conflicted expression on his face. "...I don't quite know how to react to this. Should I be defensive about my girlfriend? I don't feel defensive but I somehow feel like I should…"

"Perv." Koneko muttered while still dangling on Rias' grip.

Kiba just laughed awkwardly.

Seeing the other's reactions Akeno sighed, covering her face with a hand and… Huh, was that embarrassment I'm seeing from her? That's a rare expression for her to make. Looks like she could get caught in the backfoot from time to time.

"A-Alright, I believe that's enough. Perhaps we should go and train now?" the girl deflected.

"Yes. Yes we should." Rias agreed with a nod. "Alright, let's go and do our all for this final training! Then after this we'll beat Riser's ass - and then after that we'll celebrate with a party! It's gonna happen in my family's manor, so it'll have the fanciest and tastiest food there is! And I believe that there's also some money that we can win from the loser, like any normal duel. We'll split that between each other and you can use it however you want!"

The others perked up at that.

"I see that got your attention. So let's win this, okay?" she turned to me. "Alright, Basa-kun. Let's go!"

Instead of verbally answering, I simply raised my hand and snapped my fingers to cast a teleportation spell around everyone. In a flash, we arrived in the usual place - the time dilation room that I use for training and for my lab. Rias' club, having been here plenty of times, settled into their own forms of training that they do. The new girl, Aisha, sat down near her boyfriend to watch them train with fascination.

And so, things went as usual and the club prepared for the battle that would conclude this particular arc. They were acting all casual but I could feel the tension that they felt. The deadline was closing in fast and the worry of being beaten by their opponent was hanging over their heads.

None more so than Rias. She didn't say it and kept looking confident and determined, but her actions showed it the most. This was the very first antagonist that Rias will face as the protagonist in her own story line - a fact that she's undoubtedly aware of due to her level of preparation.

How will a meta protagonist like her fare in such a situation? Who knows.

Maybe we're in for a surprise.


A few hours was spent inside the time dilation room so it only took about a few seconds on the outside. The ex-protagonist's girlfriend left after that and they went back in a couple of times, leading to many hours of preparation. After that, Rias then decided to finalize their strategies for their battle. No stones were left unturned, and the rest of the time was allocated for resting themselves so they'll be in top shape during the fight.

And then, it was time.

It was 2 o'clock in the morning, an hour before the duel itself. All of the club was gathered and fully rested. They were ready.

And so, with the use of a magical artifact given to Rias, a hole was punched between realms and a portal was opened to hell. In a flash not unlike a teleportation spell, we left the club mansion and arrived somewhere else.

I looked around. It's been a while since I've been here.

It was night time but since we're in a different realm, there were no stars in the sky. There was no moon either, and what was above us was just a unique purple-looking sky. It was strange and meant there'd be practically no light to see with at night, but demons had naturally perfect night vision so it didn't really matter.

But then again, it's not like we were teleported in a dark place in the middle nowhere either. The portal made us arrive right in front of a courtyard of a large mansion whose surroundings are lit up pretty bright. And from a distance I could see the characteristic light pollution of an active city at night.


Spoiler

"Woah, is this your house Buchou?" Ryuusei said, looking around in amazement. "It's an actual mansion! It's bigger than the one for our club!"

"Of course! This is the house of the illustrious Satanichia family; a fancy and big home like this is a statement! It just shows just how powerful we are!" Rias said, puffing her chest. Then after a slight pause, she frowned. "...Though if anything, it's not as big as it should be. Sona's own house is bigger but my family prefers it like this. I've been meaning to extend our club mansion so that it'll be bigger than this one…"

Akeno sighed. "I told you that's impossible. Nevermind the fact that we're using property in Sona's school, where are you going to get all the money from? And it's not like you need all those rooms. It'll just gather dust."

"Keep destroying my dreams, why don't you…" Rias sighed out.

"Should we come up so they'll know we arrived?" Kiba asked, looking at the door.

Rias blinked. "Hm? Oh, yeah. I guess we should." with that, she turned around and approached the large mansion doors—

It opened before she could reach it, but instead of a person coming out of the other side, a small orange blur hurled itself forward towards Rias - who then caught it and fell backward in surprise.

"B-Buchou!" Ryuusei shouted in worry. He was about to rush towards her but Koneko stopped him by grabbing his arm. He looked at the girl in confusion.

That quickly went away when she heard Rias' peals of laughter.

Rias held up the fuzzy orange thing in her hands with a happy expression. "Ah! Alexander! Did you miss me?"


Spoiler

…I think I remember this one. It's the demonic imp that Rias summoned when she explained what she is to Yuki when they first met, wasn't it? That was from a couple of months ago… time seems to fly so fast.

"What is that? Is that your pet, Buchou?" Ryuusei asked curiously.

"He is." Akeno answered, stepping up to Rias and her pet. The imp noticed her and extracted herself away from the redhead, coming to Akeno's extended hand. "Hey Alexander. Who's a good boy? I've missed you."

"H-Hey! That's my pet!" Rias looked indignant as the rest of the club crowded at her pet, who then took more interest toward them as opposed to its own owner.

The door opened once more, and this time a familiar person stepped out.

"Alexander! Where are you—? Oh, ojou-sama. You've arrived." Grayfia said as she noticed them.

"Hey Grayfia. We're not late, are we?" Rias greeted.

"You're just in time. The preparations are about to be ready." the maid opened the door wider. "Come in. There's still a bit of time before things will start so if there are some things you need to do, you can do so now."

Rias shook her head. "We already finished the things we need to do before arriving here." she then turned to her club. "I know, how about you guys explore my mansion instead? You guys can relax and play around a bit. You know, to destress before the fight."

They nodded, but Ryuusei tilted his head. "Are you not coming with us, Buchou?"

"No, I've got something to do." with that the redhead grabbed my hand and dragged me inside the mansion, leaving the others behind. "I'll see you guys later!" she called out with a wave.

I gave Rias a questioning look but she just gave me a smile and didn't say anything, leading me to the complex hallways of the mansion. It took a while but eventually, we arrived in front of a door. Rias opened it and pushed me inside.

It was a luxurious bedroom, just like the rest of her house was. There was a queen-sized bed that I could see was laden in gold. Lighting up the room was also a chandelier with gold as well. What stuck out however was some personalized stuff strewn about the place like posters, books and figures. I instantly knew whose room this place was.

"Ahh, it's been a while since I've been here. How nostalgic." Rias commented. "Everything looks so unchanged! Grayfia and her maids really do good work."

"So, why bring me here?" I asked.

"Hm? Oh well, I just thought since there was some time before the fight would start, we might as well have this time to be with each other."

I raised a brow. "What do you mean—"

I was interrupted when the girl pushed me to sit down on the bed, before straddling me and kissing my lips. I subconsciously found myself reciprocating, making me think of what she said earlier about conditioning, and we found ourselves repeating a similar scenario of what happened this morning.

For a while we were just like that, lost with each other. Then eventually Rias removed her lips from mine. It took a moment for us to regain our breaths.

"…You're insatiable, you know that?" I finally said to her.

She gave me a saucy smile. "I've been waiting for this for a long time - of course I can't get enough of it. And now that I have your consent…"

I sighed. "I've unleashed a pervert."

She giggled. "Demon, remember? It comes with the package." she said in a mischievous tone, her hands resting on my chest. "…Do you have any idea just how much I have to hold back throwing myself to you even when the others are around? Even now I want nothing more than to hold you down, rape you in my bed and wring that tantalizing body until its dry. I have you right here, and it's driving me crazy."

Very flattering choice of words, if a bit emasculating. "So why aren't you doing it?"

She smiled. "Because if I want it to happen, I want it special. And doing it right before the duel is inconvenient. An hour is certainly not enough."

Rias then leaned in, and I could feel her hot breath against my ear.

"But even if we may not have enough time… you can give me something for good luck instead." she whispered, her melodious voice dripping with desire.

With a giggle, Rias then fished out my already hard cock out of my pants. Her smile widened once she caught sight of it and, with a finger, started doing featherlike touches to the underside of my cock as she stroked it up and down. It twitched as I felt the teasingly little pleasure she was giving me.

"I've already seen this a bunch of times whenever I walked in with you and Aoki-san, and I still can't believe that she took this inside her. It's so huge and veiny… it looks like it's in pain."

She then removed her finger from it and it hit her abdomen with a thwack. Rias looked down at it with what I can only describe as a loving expression, before removing her skirt and dropping it on the floor. That left with the beautiful sight of Rias in her panties with my dick pressing right below her belly button, directly on her womb.

Rias licked her lips. "I'll take care of it alright? Just sit there and relax."

With that said, the redhead moved her panties down slightly, not removing it but revealing her pussy for me to see. She then grabbed hold of my dick and pressed it down on the panties. It was close enough that the tip of my dick hovered right in front of her pussy and I only needed to move slightly to reach it.

But she didn't put it in.

As if sensing my frustration, Rias stuck out her tongue at me with a mischievous smile. Then, she started to stroke my dick up and down, jerking it off while it was aimed at her own pussy. The movement was enough to make featherlike touches from the tip of my dick to her pussy lips - but not quite putting it inside.

Rias was staring straight in my eyes while I witnessed the view of her jerking me off. I felt the soft cloth of her panties rubbing against the underside of my cock. I could feel the heat from her pussy that looked like it was begging to be stuffed. Still, I didn't do anything like Rias wished me to.

Nevertheless, it was so lewd that it was maddening. Only a demon would think up a scenario like this.

…Eventually I felt Rias let out harsh breaths as her own pleasure ramped up. She was stroking my dick faster and faster, and the featherlike touches turned into her rubbing the tip of my dick to her clit. The girl let out slight moans as she continued to masturbate my dick - her mischievous expression was gone, replaced entirely with a desperate desire.

And for me, it was enough to hit my limit.

With a grunt my dick twitched and let out spurts of cum. It hit her clit and the outside of her pussy, drenching it white. There was so much that it dripped down, but none of it was wasted as it was caught by the panties under it like a lewd basin.

With a satisfied look, Rias let go of my dick and pulled her panties up. The cum-drenched panties went to cover her pussy fully, mixing with her own love juices and causing some of the cum undoubtedly enter inside her. The girl shivered, her lips curling up in a pleased smile.

Then she stood up, picked up her discarded skirt then wore it again. And just like that, Rias looked like she usually did as if she didn't just do something completely lewd a few seconds ago.

"Good luck charm received~!" she said with a wink. "I'll see you after the match, Basa-kun!"

And so she turned around, leaving the room with a cheery expression on her face.

I stayed there for a moment, breathless.

Damn.


Rias had already gone to the duel venue with the rest of the club when she left. Time had passed by quickly when we fooled around in her room and things were ready by the time she'd gone out. Grayfia approached me after Rias and her club disappeared in a flash from a teleportation spell.

"Since you're here as a spectator you'll be watching with the others. Please follow me." the maid stated.

I did so and we walked to another teleportation array different from the one Rias used. It activated as soon as we stepped into it, and my scenery changed after another flash.

I looked around and saw that we were in another luxurious room. There were velvet chairs strewn about facing a large window overlooking a vast area that was covered in a large barrier - meaning that must be the arena. It was sorta far, but I suppose the visual projection magic arrays installed in the place helped with that.

In short, the place looked like a luxury suit of a sports stadium. The one where VIPs would watch in while the rest of the plebeians get the stands.

There weren't many people watching however. There were only three who sat on the velvet chairs. They stared at the large view while chatting with one another - or at least one of them was with the other two just sitting quietly - looking as if they didn't notice me arriving at all.

Of course, that couldn't be any more wrong.


Spoiler


Spoiler


Spoiler

After all, these people are one of the strongest characters in the setting.

One of them, a woman, turned around as I approached with Grayfia. She then stood up, approaching us while sending the maid a bright smile.

"Hey, Grayfia! You're back!" she greeted before turning her gaze to me. "So this is our special guest, huh… You're Basa-kun, right? I'm Serafall. Nice to meet you!"

I nodded my head politely. "It's a pleasure to meet you as well."

"You're polite. That's a good sign." she commented with a smile. "I've heard interesting things about you. Say, you're a human magus, right? I know Rias-chan is staying in Japan because she likes her anime but you don't look like you're from there. And last I knew, they don't have an active supernatural community aside from their Yokai and Shinto gods."

"I'm not Japanese, yes. As for how we met, we were classmates when I transferred to a local elementary school when I arrived here in Japan." I answered to her unasked question. "As for learning magic, I had some encounters here and there. There's many things you can encounter if you know where to look."

"I see. You must be a great magus then, considering Rias asked you to train them for this." she then paused, looking me over in my entirety. "I had thought for a moment that you're just a normal human that learned a few tricks, but I guess this makes the next part easier."

For a moment I was confused at what she meant, but then the woman casually put her hands on my shoulders, trapping me from moving. She gave me a smile.

"...Did you know? My sister was one of the people you trained. Apparently she's incapacitated right now."

I then felt an incredible amount of power emanating from this woman that visibly made the surroundings shake, disturbing the mana from the surrounding air. The woman was small, about a foot smaller than me, but facing the brunt of this display of power would make anyone feel like an ant.

It felt different from what I had felt from Riser and possibly even Grayfia. This one was definitely orders of magnitude higher compared to them, and this was only a fraction of her power she was displaying. What a dangerous woman.

"—So, what's this I heard about you wearing her out, running her ragged for hours straight, and doing it until she can't walk properly anymore and to a point where she couldn't even leave her bed?" she continued in a sweet tone of voice. "Something you want to explain, mister?"

…Oi. There's definitely a misunderstanding here.

Or at least, it looks like there is. For some reason these demons like to display their powers for dominance and it's getting quite old, but I can tell that this intimidation attempt meant something beyond that. I can see this particular stunt acting as a comedic scene but that doesn't mean that it can serve a different purpose as well. Probably a test or something. I could play along, but…

I looked at her blankly, tanking the powerful aura she was letting out head on. And my hunch was proven right when I saw a faint trace of surprise - although not much - and a sudden curious look on her eye when I did so.

"Hoh…?" she muttered.

Well, now I certainly got her interest. And most likely the others around here as well. One of the other guys seated, the green-haired one, glanced at us with a raised brow before looking back at the view. I also saw Grayfia's eyes narrow slightly from the edge of my vision.

I never did like getting this sort of attention after getting so used to being treated as an unknown for many settings. Oh well.

Fortunately though, I was saved from having to answer inconvenient questions when Grayfia took pity on me. The sound of the maid clearing her throat made the woman retract her demonic power, returning things back to normal.

"Vignette-sama. I believe that's enough of your teasing." she interjected. "Your little sister had apparently just pushed herself a little too hard when she accompanied ojou-sama in her training. It would be unfair to blame Basa-kun when she was the one who volunteered to join."

"Call me Serafall! Really, how many decades have we known each other by now? Lighten up a bit!" the woman said with a pout.

"I'm on shift right now." the maid simply answered. "I shall also attend to some other business so please behave in the meantime. I will return once the preparations are finished and the duel is ready to start."

Serafall sighed as the maid disappeared, using a teleport spell. "Oh fine. Seriously, that woman and her obsession with maids…" she turned to me, lips curving to a teasing smile. "By the way - I'm not really blaming you. If anything, it's little Sona's fault for being weak! She hasn't been training lately so it's a good wakeup call for her. Sorry for the scare, I guess I just wanted to see you spooked. Teehee~!"

My blank stare remained pointed to her. It's a lie, I know. But she knew I knew as well. Her teasing smile widened slightly, goading me to call her out. Kinda bratty of her. She's just begging for correction.

Still, this is interesting. I know this is a shounen setting focused on action, but it seems that with politics involved in it there would be side characters similar to Yuki's sister. The woman in front of me was one such person, even if she may not show the same level of skill as Haru's own.

I'm not interested in playing her games though.

"Okay." I answered in monotone.

The woman blinked. "...Really? Very forgiving of you." she muttered, before eyeing me consideringly. "Hm… I did wonder why Sona would try to join out of her own volition, but looking at you now I can see how it appeals to her." she then smiled and gave me a thumbs up. "As expected, Sona has good tastes! She might not like magical girls, but at least she likes the 'corruption' part of it! Us sisters truly are alike in ways that matter!"

…I don't know how to respond to that.

"—Anyway, why don't you sit down with us? Let's watch the duel together. Come on, I'll even introduce you to those two who have been ignoring you for a while now." the woman then leaned in to whisper to my ear in a conspiratorial manner. "Sorry about them, by the way. It's not because they don't acknowledge you because you're human or anything like that. They're not that kind of people. It's just that one has the social skills of a brick and the other one is a cucked siscon."

The redhead twitched in his seat.

"We can hear you, Serafall." the green-haired demon spoke for the first time. "And I assume that I am the one you're referring to as someone who has terrible social skills. That is false. I am simply courteously waiting for you to finish talking with him before I introduce myself."

He glanced at me and nodded his head politely.

"Greetings. I am Ajuka." he greeted. "Do not pay any mind to what Serafall had said… except for the last part. There's certainly a cucked siscon here, and it is not I."

The redhead twitched again.

Both Ajuka and Serafall then stared at him for a few moments, as if waiting for him to speak. The redhead man simply stayed silent and stared at the view outside with a dignified look, ignoring everything happening around him like a prince who wouldn't deign his attention to his lessers. When it was clear that he wasn't speaking anytime soon, the two looked back at each other, a wordless conversation passing between their gazes.

Then they both turned to me.

"Apologies if our friend is rude. As I said, he is a siscon cucked out of his own sister. I implore you to forgive him." Ajuka stated.

Serafall nodded empathically. "Un un! Imagine loving your sister so much throughout your life and a random tanned, delinquent would steal her and deflower her. It's kinda pathetic and undoubtedly sad, so I hope you understand him acting like this."

"And not just that." Ajuka added. "To even suggest the betrothal himself to some upstart demon that has his own harem, rationalizing that he was the best choice as a strong spouse and citing his own duty for the good of his family - it makes you think if he has some fetish for it or something along those lines."

"Then there's the shock when it turns out a different tanned delinquent is apparently seeing his sister! And for so long at that!" Serafall cried dramatically. The woman closed her (fake) tearful eyes and closed her fist. "How long was his sister hiding it? Why did she not tell him anything? Does she not trust him? Was she even saying the truth to him all this time? Was she even pure anymore!?" she shouted, before dropping her fist and looking blankly at me. "Et cetera, et cetera."

"And there is also how, at moments when he thinks he's alone while we're working, he tearfully cries to himself while whispering—"

"—Alright, that's enough!"

The redhead stood up from his seat, heaving deep breaths with a mixed expression of furious and embarrassment on his face. There was no trace of his dignified expression earlier, and he glared at the two culprits who looked entirely unregretful of what they just did.

…Was this bullying? I think this was just bullying.

"Enough, you two. I can speak for myself." the redhead growled, before turning his glare at me.

For a moment I thought he was about to explode, but he seemed to manage to calm himself. The redhead took a deep breath and looked away again. But this time, he didn't just ignore me.

"Take a seat." he commanded. "You know who I am, as Rias undoubtedly has said something about me. I hope there is no need for me to introduce myself to you."

…She actually didn't since the girl was surprisingly private when it comes to her family, so most of my information about him was something I gathered myself. But I'm not going to mention that now. He might really get angry if I did.

Sirzechs Satanichia. Rias' brother and Grayfia's husband.

One of the top contenders in taking the seat of hell's sole ruler and has the power to back it up. This person was another one of the strongest characters in the setting, and arguably the most powerful person in the room when compared to the others here.

I took a seat beside Serafall, the woman acting as the wall between me and Rias' brother. She didn't look uncomfortable in the slightest but rather, she actually seemed to be excited about it. I ignored that and looked at the view outside what was displayed on the visual projection arrays.

It showed the two opposing teams, each on the opposite sides of the arena as they waited for the signal to start. I could see Rias preparing with her club and discussing something or another with determined looks on their faces. Compared to her though, Riser was just relaxing with his harem as if he didn't treat the fight seriously.

"...You are leading Rias to the wrong path." Sirzechs stated after a moment.

"What do you mean?" I asked.

My question was answered with a deep exhale.

"Don't act stupid. I can see that you're strong enough to withstand some of our power but you're infecting my little sister with that cockiness of yours. Perhaps in the human world you might be something - however, here in hell, that strength of yours is nothing special." the man said in a cold voice. He wasn't looking at me, but he was glaring nonetheless. "It is unfair to force the betrothal to her, but even so, Rias knows her duty to the family. She clearly didn't accept it because of you. And that will lead her down a reckless path."

I stayed quiet. In a certain perspective, he was completely correct that it was my presence that stopped her from accepting the proposal. I can see her accepting it in the original plot, knowing her insecurities about herself and thinking it was a way to help her family, but even if that was the case the protagonist would prevent that from happening because she's the heroine.

But he didn't know that. And even then, that wasn't the important thing right now.

"You don't believe Rias can beat him." I stated.

My words made Rias' brother stare at me. I could feel his temper rising from that blunt statement, but it was the truth. One that he acknowledges himself, judging by the sudden guilty and regretful expression on his face.

"...My little sister is many things. She is beautiful, passionate, and has a heart of gold. But while she may be an exceptional demonic being she wasn't someone who'd pursue strength given the chance. That is a weakness in our society, and her lack of strength will be used for someone's own ends." he sighed. "Perhaps she may hate me today and many years from now on, but I'd rather she hate me than see her hurt because of it."

Again, another rational thing for him to conclude. Demon politics in this setting is a strange mix of slimy politicking filled with blackmail and deceit along with a might makes right attitude. Rias was never good at the former and was the type to tackle a problem head on. But what if she wasn't strong as well?

She'll be devoured alive by the pit of snakes that is the demonic society. Rias and the rest of these characters being decent people was the exception, after all. Most of the demons around act like Riser, and maybe even worse.

"I know that you trained her and must think that Rias has some sort of chance to beat him. I get it, I really do. In a perfect world perhaps she might be able to - but she had spent far too long in the human world lazing around. I want nothing more than for her to stand on her own two feet and try to compete with me for the title of hell's ruler like she always declares as a child. But even I know that it's wishful thinking."

"Grayfia did say that Rias-chan returned to that sort of attitude when she visited her." Serafall interjected with a smile.

"I know, and I'm happy about it." Sirzechs replied, before frowning. "But it's far too late. Perhaps if such a change in attitude occurred early, things might be salvageable and Rias would use all the things in our family's resources for her disposal to keep up with the rest of her peers. But at this point? Even if I try to help her I'd have a hard time doing such a thing." he then glanced at the woman. "...And you do know your own little sister is in the same situation right? You might do the same thing as me."

Serafall shrugged. "Sure, but I know my way around to keep her safe instead of doing something stupid like this—"

"You're wrong, by the way."

The two turned to me in surprise as I said those words.

"Rias might have been slacking off but that doesn't mean she's weak. She's talented and with the right circumstances she can turn strong in no time. All it takes is a push to do it. You can take that with a grain of salt if you wish, but it remains the truth." I explained.

I stared straight at them in the eyes.

"She's not a normal person in this world. Don't define her with such limited standards."

Serafall blinked, while Rias' brother just raised a brow skeptically at that and clearly did not believe what I said. However, before he could speak out his mind he was interrupted by Grayfia returning back to the luxury suite, stepping out of a teleportation magic circle.

"I have returned. The duel will start once the signal is given." the maid stated.

With that our attention turned to the view outside and to the visual projection arrays. There, we saw that the two teams now looked ready for a fight as they waited for the signal for the duel to begin. Sirzechs looked at them with a severe frown, as if he was watching something inevitably horrible, yet something he must also see through.

In a completely normal perspective the man is correct in his thoughts. He must think that we're just foolish teenagers stupidly believing in their own hype, only to be crashing down in the face of reality once this is over. His thoughts were realistic and logical enough that at any different place I might agree to it.

But this was a shounen setting. And that meant something different.

What else sort of story has its characters breaking their limits? Of beating unfavorable odds? Of being disposed to the more beautiful romanticism and idealistic values, instead of the harsh truth offered by reality?

It wasn't faith that I had. It was simply basic pattern recognition. And now, a perfect set-up was laid down.

—So it didn't surprise me when the world turned bright as Riser's side of the field was enveloped by a large explosion of destructive energy, before dying down and revealing a large crater on the ground and destroying half of the arena entirely.

Rias' graceful form as she floated up high was displayed in the projections, her body crackling with demonic energy and still ready to go despite such a destructive attack.

"H-Half of Riser's harem was eliminated!" Grayfia shouted, looking truly taken aback for the first time since I met her. "T-There's only five left on the opposing team now!"

Sirzech and the rest looked on with their mouths hanging agape, and the redhead spoke the generic words of any anime bystander watching something shocking.

"I-Impossible…! (B-Baka na…!)"

I smiled.

So how would someone like Rias fare in this fight, one might ask?

Turns out, people are in for a surprise indeed.
Last edited: Aug 27, 2024
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Fungod, Lenderman and 1,814 others
Skrubchap
Aug 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Sep 26, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,234
Apologies for not posting, I was busy with exams. Anyway, here's the new chapter! And a surprise at the end as well, hehe. Hope you guys enjoy reading this!


Chapter 18

"Attention: all contestants of this duel, ready yourselves. The duel begins now!"

Rias looked high up in the sky as she heard the sound of Grayfia's voice echoing throughout the arena, signaling the start of the duel.

The sky was very dark, lacking any stars nor a moon to light it up compared to the human world. Many humans that turned into demons have lamented the lack of it, with some others even saying that it represented the true darkness and hopelessness found in hell. Her time spent up there certainly made her understand about such a sentiment but in her own eyes, even when she was a child, she had always seen it as something different.

The sheer umbral color it brings almost looks like a beautiful shade of purple. A darkness that doesn't evoke fear, but rather fascinates. It wasn't a night sky that brought about the feeling of absence; it was a welcoming darkness that all demons had lived and been born under, mesmerizing and otherworldly in sight.

Just like what her kind was supposed to represent.

It had been a long time since she returned to her place of birth, having spent most of her teenage years up in the human world… So much so that she might have forgotten the very reason why she left in the first place.

Was it because of her supposed role as a heroine that she had forgotten? Or was it because of her own weakness of character? She didn't know that answer. Both options seemed plausible, and they aren't mutually exclusive with each other as well…

Rias smiled.

…But then again, something like that doesn't matter, doesn't it? There's no need to complicate things.

She had an opportunity to fix things now. And she's going to take it.

"Buchou."

Akeno's voice called out to her. Rias didn't need for her to speak any further to understand what she wanted.

"We proceed as planned. Go and find the rest of his harem while I confront Riser alone." Rias ordered, before she sent a smile to her treasured vice-president. "Good luck and kick their asses, alright?"

Akeno smiled, accompanied by determined expressions by the rest of her club members. "We will." she answered.

With that, Rias nodded her head and unfurled her wings. With a single flap, she launched herself high up before stopping then hovered just below the dome acting as the barrier. She had a great aerial view of the entire arena, and with her sharp demon eyes she could see the opposite team scuttling around like ants.

They had split up to fight her club most likely one-by-one. It seems that they were truly underestimating them all - but they had already predicted things going this way in their plans, so she wasn't bothered. No, what she needed to do was to capitalize on their inattention as they still haven't spotted her.

She thrust out her hand.

In a practiced movement, a great amount of demonic energy poured out of her and coalesced in a single point. However, that wasn't all that she did - the demonic energy wasn't solely being turned into an attack for her to use, but to also fuel and fill in the gaps of the attack in an intricate manner.

The magic system for demons in her setting worked through the imagination of the user. So long as there is sufficient power behind it, just about anything demons could imagine can be brought into reality. Lots of demons brute force their way into having a powerful attack by just having more power. However there were some that made use of it differently, taking advantage of the demonic magic's nature to obtain more results applying less.

From what she could recall one of her brother's friends is one of those people. But they were the exception that rose to power because of their genius and strength. She knew she wasn't that smart, but she had something that was as strong as them never had.

Thousands of other settings worth of inspiration.

Her demonic energy surged, instinctively taking form into a destructive influence that ruined and corrupted everything that it touched due to the affinity and innate nature of demons from Satanichia. Rias closed her eyes in concentration to guide the flow of the energy with her unlocked magical circuits that can only be compared to a roaring and raging beast, trying to focus its destruction as opposed to letting it run rampant everywhere.

She made it focus on the surrounding mana, eating it and letting it fuel itself more. She made it corrupt the bonds of compounds from surrounding matter, producing small amounts of heat and energy that will cascade into something more for each molecule. And from a sudden influx of new molecules, a high pressure would rapidly spike.

All of which will combine into a large, devastating attack.

"Breath of a dying star, consume and bring forth light—"

And so, with a large grin on her face - she launched the projectile and its name to the world.

"—Apocalyptic Nova!"

Everything burned.

There was a great deafening explosion; a raging ball of inferno that enveloped a certain radius from which the projectile hit. Trees, rocks, and everything else unfortunate enough to be caught in it burned while the ground trembled and cracked, and pressure waves that formed even reached her from above from great rushes of air displaced by the explosion. It was like a dying star that exploded in the middle of the arena, hence it was named such.

The explosion died down, leaving a crater bereft of everything but ash. A solemn silence had suddenly fallen into the arena. Rias tilted her head in confusion.

Did she not hit anyone from that? She was pretty sure she aimed where—

"H-Half of Riser's harem was eliminated!" Grayfia's shocked voice suddenly announced. "T-There's only five left on the opposing team now!"

—Ah, there it was. Hehe, were they shocked? She really worked hard making this one attack. To think that even the usually unflappable Grayfia has such a reaction… Umu, not a bad feeling. This wasn't a bad feeling at all!

She floated down on the crater, where she spotted a body which was half-buried on the ground. It was Riser, who looked completely baffled and disoriented at what happened. He looks kinda hurt from the attack but not debilitatingly so, and Rias can't help but feel smug at the look on his face.

"Mwahahaha! Is that you, Riser? What a pitiful sight!" she said, floating down in front of him with hands on her hips and gaining his attention. "Did I use a bit too much power perhaps? You're already down half your team. Sorry about that, teehee~!"

"Y-You—!" Riser shakingly stood up from the ground. "What the hell was that!?"

Rias blinked. "Eh? You obviously got hit by my attack. Are you stupid?" she paused. "Did you hit your head perhaps?"

A vein throbbed on his head. "Who the hell are you calling stupid, you bitch!? I—!" He looked like he was about to shout some more, but then he visibly held himself back to calm himself. "...Tch. Whatever. So you learned a few tricks in the past few days. Guess what, something like that wouldn't change the result of this duel!"

Large amounts of demonic energy surged out from him, matching her earlier display. The ground trembled, displacing wind that rushed away from him in the form of pressure waves.

"Don't get cocky now. You might have caught us off guard and knocked out half my girls, but the rest noticed and got away quickly. Tricks that weaklings like you use to get to our level won't work anymore." More and more power gathered around him, intensifying the tremors. "I'm the genius powerhouse that has defeated many of the demons in our generation: Riser H. Twining! Within our family carries the blood of Solomon and a trace of his keys. And as the most powerful member of it, I carry the title to become the rightful ruler of hell! How someone like you, a demon who spent her time playing in the human world, would ever hope to be—"

"Apocalyptic Nova!"

"—Gffwoughh!!!"

Riser was caught in another blast from her attack, thrown headfirst into the ground and burying him from the sheer force of it once more. The earth shook again from the ensuing explosion, and after the light show finished and dissipated, all that was left was a deeper crater compared to the first one with Riser in the middle of it. The guy's head and torso was buried with his lower body sticking out, leaving him in a kinda shameful position.

Rias just looked at her enemy with a disapproving frown.

"The hell are you doing, monologuing to me and powering up? You think I'll just let you do that?" she shook her head in disappointment. "Talking isn't a free action, you know."

Riser slowly extracted himself out of the ground, his blonde hair and high-quality clothes stained with soil and ash. He then slowly looked up at Rias who remained floating in the sky.

"You're dead." he stated.

Then, fire ignited around him and burned the surroundings. It was hot enough that she could feel it from up high. And from Riser's back manifested two wings of fire - holy fire, she now realized - which after a single flap let him ascend towards her in concerningly fast speeds.

Rias readied herself, even as she mentally chuckled.

Guess she must have pissed him off, huh?


"Ara… it seems like she's enjoying herself."

She spotted the lightshow happening midair a far out in the distance, with it being quite noticeable from the fiery infernos and great bursts of explosive projectiles being thrown around. Thankfully they were on the opposite side of the arena, so the risk of getting caught in those attacks was minimal.

Akeno can only sigh internally at her club president's enthusiasm in showing off her new technique. That girl… she could understand being excited at finally using it, but surely she could conserve her energy instead of using her energy for attacks like that? She's clearly getting swept away by the excitement of it all, just like the usual.

But then again, the display of power seems to be helping them in this case.

"W-What…?"

Akeno smiled at the sight of her enemy, the 'head' of Riser's harem based on their research, who looked gobsmacked at Rias throwing around incredibly devastating attacks like they're nothing. The fear and awe in her face looked so exquisite that she could taste it!

"You seem quite shocked." she pointed out with a giggle, gaining her enemy's attention. "Didn't expect our president to be this strong, did you? Were you perhaps thinking that we're small fry just because we were up in the human world?"

The woman frowned in displeasure. "...Maybe we did. Your initial attack caught us off-guard, but we won't make that mistake again." she brandished her weapon - a thorny whip that produced lightning and electrocuted anyone caught in it. "We will defeat you and join Riser-sama as he claims the girl as his wife." she growled.

Akeno noted the slight displeasure in her voice at that. Interesting, it seems that Rias isn't the only one who didn't like the arrangement, but then again politics cannot be avoided even in harems. She could imagine the main girl managing the harem would be under the betrothed wife.

But from her expression and tone of voice… Was that jealousy she was also hearing? How strange. Harems are usually treated badly by their masters as they're just another type of slaves. Being in a harem can give you a connection to a powerful demon at the cost of your own freedom, and most of the time they're usually treated as toys or something to collect. Affection has no place in harems, so why is she jealous?

Still, strangeness aside, even if the woman may feel that way…

Akeno raised a brow. "Oh, really? How is that going for you?"

One look around the place would make anyone realize that what the woman was saying was a complete lie - her club was absolutely demolishing the other harem members that each of them were facing. Kiba-kun and his affinity with swords allowed him to maneuver and expertly dismantle his opponent with ease, Koneko-chan and her incredible strength overwhelmed her enemy who tried to dodge desperately, knowing that she couldn't take even a single hit, and…

"—Take this! Hyah!"

There was Ryuusei-kun, who was a descendant of a human hero. Like any other descendants of those blessed by God he has the ability to summon their chosen weapon of war - one that took the form of a gauntlet. His great potential and innate battle skills allowed him to use it to great effect on fighting his opponent despite the disparity in experience.

After they regrouped in Rias' opening act, she and the other club members struck, preventing them from reaching Riser and allowing Rias to face him alone and them doing the same to Riser's harem. And now here they are, doing a great job of doing so.

Even more fortunate, half of the harem was caught in the blast leaving just enough for her club to face the harem members one on one instead of their original plan. Not like it would change things - Basa-kun's training in his special time-dilating room had helped them improve their fighting so much that their enemies felt weak. Their improvement was unreal, to the point that even she can't believe that she had become this strong in such a short amount of time.

Her enemy also knew this judging her sudden grimace. "How can demons up on the surface get this strong for such a short time…?" the woman muttered, almost absentmindedly.

Akeno simply answered with a fake serene smile. The woman didn't seem to like the expression on her face, as she grew angered and resumed attacking her with her dangerous whip.

To be completely honest, Riser and his harem expecting them to be weaklings was completely valid on their part. They were weak. All combat experience that they have in the human world was stray demons or the occasional violent supernatural dispute. They did train… but it was an occasional thing, and not really something that they've focused on. Their days up there was a simple leisure life away from the barbaric nest of politics here in hell. Something that she considered precious, and she knows that it's an opinion shared with the rest of the club - aside from Ryuusei-kun who didn't come from hell to have an opinion about it.

It seems like they were in Basa-kun's debt for allowing all this to be possible. The human magus had always been a mysterious person even when they were kids, and she can only imagine what sort of secrets he was keeping close to his chest. It was what made Rias drawn to him in the first place, persuading him to join their club because of the novelty of it - which eventually transitioned into something else.

Akeno's fake smile turned genuine at that thought.

She certainly wasn't blind to the changes her president had. While she didn't want to say it, Rias had been somewhat… lackluster when it comes to acting on her ambitions, for the past few years. She was affected by the leisure life up in the human world like the rest of them, and perhaps that had dulled her motivation somewhat. That changed as of late though as it was clear that the girl was returning to her roots, and it reminded her of why she had followed the impulsive and reckless girl out of hell in the first place instead of just laughing off her silly dream when she heard her say it.

Was this the power of love, perhaps? Really, they owed Basa-kun a lot. She certainly is very grateful about it - enough that she might consider bedding him because of it, and the man certainly had the looks that she wouldn't mind doing it even without the favors involved. But while a big part of her felt that way, an even bigger part of her wanted to watch Rias cutely pursue him from the sidelines. It was seriously the best, even better than any show that a television can offer.

Although if he did try to pursue him… can she get in on the action with Rias? She heard from her president that there were two other women too. And from what she heard about them, they must be great to have Rias gunning for them as well. Hm, maybe it really is a great idea to—

"You—! Are you daydreaming in the middle of a fight?!"

Her thoughts were interrupted by the indignant shout of her enemy, whose whip attacks she was dodging almost automatically and with ease. Ah, it seems that she had been distracted by her musings. That was quite embarrassing.

Oh well, she supposed it was about time to wrap things up anyway.

Dodging another whip strike that gouged a deep line on the ground, she called upon her demonic magic and manipulated elemental magic at her behest. With the woman incensed from her behavior she didn't even register her magic gathering under her - and with a surprised cry, tendrils of earth suddenly sprouted out from the ground and disabled her opponent by wrapping itself around her. She tried to struggle, but with Akeno reinforcing it to be stronger than steel and lacking any sort of leverage, her opponent can only remain tied up uselessly.

Akeno approached the struggling woman. "Apologies for the rudeness. I had a lot of things in mind, you see." she said with a giggle, to which she then received an angry glare in response. "Ara~? No need to be so angry. Quite a shame though, as while I might try to turn that grimace upside down with you tied up like this…"

She touched the woman's cheek and unleashed her succubus magic by draining her life essence. She licked her lips as she felt herself turning invigorated, at the cost of her opponent who was quickly turning sluggish… before she eventually turned unconscious, unable to muster the strength to stay awake.

"...We still have a duel to get to." she finished.

The tendrils of earth turned into normal soil losing its form, and her opponent dropped to the ground, out cold. She then watched as the body glowed white before disappearing without a trace. Those who were defeated will immediately be teleported out and will receive medical attention, as agreed upon in the duel's terms.

"...All of Riser's harem is now eliminated. Only Riser remains in the opposing team." Grayfia-san's announcement made Akeno blink and she turned around.

All other members of her club had more or less finished off their opponents as well. Kiba and Koneko were already standing around, having defeated their opponents earlier than her, but she glanced just in time to see Ryuusei-kun knocking out his opponent with a well-placed blow on the gut. The girl had dropped on the ground and was teleported after.

"Yoshaaaa!!! I woooon!!!" Ryuusei-kun shouted in jubilation as he raised his hands to the sky. He was covered in bruises and heaved deep breaths, but otherwise he remained totally fine.

"Very nice showing on your first official fight, Ryuusei-kun." Kiba-kun congratulated him with a smile on his face. "Looks like being a hero descendant really is something else, if you can fight that good despite being new in combat."

"Still have ways to go." Koneko-can added laconically, though that didn't deter the slight smile on her face. "But you did good."

Ryuusei-kun rubbed the back of his head at that. "Ahahaha… Thanks a lot, guys."

Akeno chose that moment to step in. "You all did good, everyone." she congratulated all of them with a proud smile on her face. They all worked for this, and it felt nice seeing the results of it all. "Now, let's regroup with Buchou and help her, shall we?"

Her question was answered with determined nods, and they all didn't waste time to get to Rias' position to assist her in any way that they could in defeating Riser and finishing this duel.

Akeno internally chuckled.

But knowing her club president and how much she trained for this though, she likely didn't need them to do that.

Oh well, at least the show would be good to watch.





Rias floated leisurely in the sky with Riser a distance away in front of her. She had a slight sheen of sweat on her face after the intense aerial combat which had occurred earlier, but it was nothing compared to how exhausted Riser looked.

The guy was breathing hard after throwing so much of his holy fire to her. The fire was dangerous, but she was agile enough to remain untouched. In contrast, Riser kept getting caught in explosions due to the large range of her own move, pretty much making him either expend more energy to dodge it or tank it instead.

Strangely, his attention was also split during their fight. She realized that he was also paying attention to his own harem while they fought her own club. His movements were directed to bait her into shooting her destructive attacks away from their direction, but it's not like she would risk hurting her own club to eliminate his harem. Her own club can very much do that on their own.

He was also glancing to the direction of the spectator stands. She doesn't know the reason for that one though.

That strange behavior… Maybe Riser was planning something. Maybe it was something else. In the end though, in their whole exchange Rias remained as the one with the advantage.

"How…" Riser growled, gaining her attention. "How the hell did you get this strong!? How can a demon like you keep up with me, of all people!?"

Rias stared at him quietly, simply calling up her demonic energy for another volley of attacks.

He must not have liked or misunderstood something in her expression, as his facial features twisted into anger. "You… don't think that you can look down on me!" he shouted, mirroring her by calling up his demonic energy as well.

And so went another bout between them, with Rias focusing on dodging the blazing ball of fire sent to her and ignoring the searing heat even as she avoided it, completely untouched, before dodging more that was sent to her. In between those attacks she sent her own, which was similarly avoided.

"Burn to ash!" Riser shouted in rage.

He closed in and tried to move for a punch on his flame-covered fist, a blanket of flame extending from his strike.. Rias went under before peppering him with lesser powered projectiles and making more distance. She couldn't touch him normally nor could she get into close quarters with his flames - something that he knew and tried to take advantage of by forcing himself close every time.

It was a game of cat and mouse where the one with lesser endurance loses.

"I'd rather not, thank you!" Rias shouted back.

Again much like earlier, she was gaining the advantage even when the intensity of Riser's attacks ramped up. He was getting tired for essentially nothing while she kept it safe and waited for opportunities to deliver attacks from far away. It clearly wasn't working for Riser - yet he kept doing it anyway. Had he lost his cool so much that he didn't care anymore?

Her question was eventually answered.

"—Eh!?"

There was a sound of metal rushing through the air, and Rias let out a cry of shock.

Fiery chains suddenly came out of nowhere and wrapped itself around her arms and legs. She felt the sizzling hot metals dig deep and burn her skin, making her cry out in pain. Rias grit her teeth and looked around to see where it came from: there, she saw some balls of fire that he threw earlier floating around had magic circles around it where the chains of fire sprouted from. She hadn't noticed - he used his barrage to hide it from her and put them in hard to spot positions as well.

Riser's enraged face disappeared and was replaced with a smirk. Ah, he was just acting!

"That was dirty…" she complained. She tried to struggle, but even as she tried to use all her strength it remained unbroken, only making her wince some more as the burning hot chains tightened further.

What exactly was this? Some sort of technique?

"Hmph. What a hypocritical thing to say to a fellow demon. Especially when a weakling like you kept doing tricks to keep up with me." Riser spoke, making her look his way. He had a hand extended towards her with a focused expression. "Struggle all you want but it will all be for naught. These are heirlooms of our family: a fragment of the Chains of Ars Goetia, which had controlled powerful demons of old. A weakling like you has no chance of breaking it."

Rias looked at him in surprise. What the hell was that? They'd researched all that they possibly could about Riser and his followers in preparation but something like this never came up, even borrowing the files that Basa-kun had about him. She knew she had a connection with King Solomon and all other stuff, but 'Chains of Ars Goetia'? That she never heard at all!

A memory surfaced from Basa-kun's lessons. She recognized this.

It was an asspull technique. A spontaneous power or ability that will surprise you and turn the tides of battle the way the plot wants it to go. The world changes retroactively so that it makes sense, but as a person who turned meta she would be the only one to remember the change. No amount of research will give you information about it and the only way to deal with something like it is by being flexible.

Something like that was easier said than done. Still, she chided herself. She should've at least expected something like this to happen.

"It's a shame that I had to reveal this now, but I suppose that I wouldn't lose anything here. You're going to be my wife once I finish this after all. Information about my trump card would be kept within the alliance." Riser continued to speak, justifying the asspull. "Do you see how fruitless your attempt to fight back is now? You should've just acted like a good girl and agreed with the betrothal."

His smirk widened as his gaze looked up and down on her restrained body.

"But I suppose I do like my girls feisty." he said with a dark chuckle. "Nothing better than the sight of delusional trash being humbled; there's a certain charm in seeing an arrogant weakling being brought to heel."

A vein throbbed on her forehead at that comment. "Arrogant weakling!? If anything that's you, since I was just beating your ass a while ago! Don't get so smug just because you had a relic or something to pull out of your ass—Owowow, hot!" she yelped as the chains dug deeper.

Riser's smile turned fixed as his extended hand closed into a fist, the chains tightening further in response. "Talk what you want about strength, but all that matters is the victor of the fight. That is what only matters when it comes to us demons." he said in a tight tone. "And need I remind you that you're in my mercy right now?"

Rias frowned thoughtfully at that. What he said was true, so how exactly…?

She then blinked, before putting on a sad expression. "...I-I'm sorry, forgive me for acting out of line… Can you please let me go? I'll be your fiance for real and I won't protest the betrothal this time. So please?" she pleaded desperately.

"...What the hell are you even doing?" Riser deadpanned.

"Tch." her sad expression immediately disappeared as she looked away. "Didn't work, huh."

"Like hell it will!" Riser retorted. "Do you think I'm an idiot or some—"

"Apocalyptic Nova!"

"—gffwoughh!!!"

A magic circle appeared in her palm and launched a shot towards Riser who got hit by the projectile directly, engulfing him in another explosion. He was launched away, wings of fire flickering for a bit, but he managed to right himself before he could fall down on the ground. Rias also felt the chains around her slacken, but it immediately tightened again when he brought his hand back up and retained control of the chains once more.

Heh, looks like baiting a comedy scene to let an enemy's guard down is pretty effective. As expected, Basa-kun gives great advice! She could see how it was pretty handy.

Still… at least with this she had confirmed something.

Rias observed Riser's focused yet enraged expression as he floated to her once more. The chains moved to bring her hands together on her back in an uncomfortable position, making it impossible for her to point her palms to Riser again to repeat the stunt while also turning the burning pain a lot more worse. The guy also put a bit of distance between them now, making any more attacks connect harder.

Such a strange thing to do. Here she was completely restrained, and yet he wasn't making use of it by attacking her or anything. He couldn't even dodge her half-assed attack properly when he easily did so earlier in the fight. She was beginning to have an idea as to why that was the case.

"You…" Riser growled at her again. "You're really testing my patience—"

"—You can't attack me at all, can you?" she suddenly interrupted, and Riser stopped speaking. "Whatever these chains are, it's taking all of your concentration to use it. So much so that a single distraction will make it loosen up."

"What?" Riser muttered.

"You're useless right now. You can't even fight." she continued. "You're just stalling for time waiting for others to arrive."

He couldn't wield those chains effectively yet. Quite fortunate. Or was it perhaps deliberate?

Basa-kun suspected that she was the one taking the role of the protagonist now, being proactive about everything and in the center stage of all things. Despite it though, it doesn't mean that she'll win every conflict as the plot cannot predict her actions due to her meta nature, but it should at least assist her in ways that would make every conflict thrown to her as something that is not outright impossible. Perhaps this was a manifestation of that.

Of course, that's ignoring the fact that the plot needed for there to be a conflict and hence the reason why it created such an asspull technique in the first place. If she had defeated Riser immediately it wouldn't happen at all, but since she didn't, the plot likely had leeway to add such a conflict to match her.

That's kinda annoying to deal with.

"..."

Riser went quiet at her deductions. Then, seemingly in response, the chains even tightened further. It was digging deep into her muscles now and she was kind of scared what the scars would look like, but she didn't care. She endured the pain and met his gaze back unflinchingly.

His face betrayed no emotion at all, but a bead of sweat fell down on Riser's forehead. It wasn't because of the heat or exhaustion.

Still, he spoke as if he didn't have a single problem about it. "...Perhaps you're correct, but as I said: the only thing that matters is who is the victor. No matter how dirty or despicable our methods are, so long as we win, then it doesn't matter." he muttered. "That is the way of us demons, and how it will always be."

Riser explained the words coldly, but for some reason, Rias heard a tinge of bitterness in how he said it. She blinked in surprise at that, but all thoughts about it were shelved when Riser continued.

"This is checkmate." he declared. "There's no way for you to win."

…She wouldn't ignore such a blatant setup now, would she?

"Really?" Rias asked with a smile. She didn't even need to look at the direction of where her club was to know what was coming next. "Then I guess you're forgetting something."

He raised a brow at her confidence, before scoffing. "Impressive how you still believe you have a chance. I'm forgetting something you say? How foolish." he shook his head. "And what is that supposed to be—?"

"—All of Riser's harem is now eliminated. Only Riser remains in the opposing team." Grayfia's voice suddenly echoed around as if waiting for this exact moment, and Riser stopped.

A sudden silence fell at that damning declaration, and Riser's face went through a series of emotions. Confusion, shock, then to incredulity - he turned to the direction of where his harem and her club were fighting and, even from a distance, saw the telltale blink of light of what can only be teleportation magic being used to transport the unconscious bodies of defeated opponents.

She trusted her club to be on top of it, and they definitely delivered. She really was lucky to have such competent people by her side.

And now, it was her turn to do her job.

"W-What…!?" Riser muttered in complete disbelief. "My harem… completely defeated!? How!?"

That moment of inattention was enough to shatter his concentration, and the chains loosened. Rias easily slipped free of the chains and Riser let out another noise of shock, turning back to her and outstretched his hand. It was too late however - the chains tried to grab her but she dodged them all and went close to Riser, who quickly abandoned his attempts of capturing her and instead readying himself to face her head on.

"Those chains freaking hurt! Take this!"

"—Gghhk!"

He unfortunately wasn't ready enough to dodge the incoming fist coming to his gut though.

Nor the rest of the beatdown coming his way.

"Oraoraoraoraora!"

Rias unleashed a flurry of blows. She called up whatever surface-level knowledge that she knew about martial arts when Basa-kun showed them to her, hitting the specific vulnerable spots in the body and also using her magic in tandem to boost the power of her blows along with intensifying internal damage.

It was cathartic, finally beating up this guy with her own two hands. She's been waiting for this the whole time ever since they met! Her fists displaced air from the sheer strength of each hit and she could feel his flesh being remade at her behest, just like the crack that she felt when she punched his nose and broke it.

"Enough!"

But despite it all, Riser surprisingly managed to recover. His flames were unleashed in all directions to give him space and Rias backed off slightly to not get hit. Riser glared at her, holding his nose that was bleeding slightly and completely covered in bruises. Not like she was any better - her arms and legs had pretty bad burns on them right now, after all.

"You… I can't believe all this…!" Riser growled out. His expression was complicated; a mix of outrage, humiliation, anger, and panic at the same time. Everything was going out of his control. "This… Am I losing!? This is impossible! How can I lose to a no-name demon like you!?"

"Hah! A no-name, you say?" she shouted back with a laugh. "I thought I told you last time! You're looking at the future president of hell! If anything, you should be honored that you're the first one to be defeated by me!"

"You still try to say that drivel!?" he shouted, truly losing his composure now. "The ruler of hell!? A weakling like you has no chance! Many others have tried to unite the underworld in one banner and failed! Someone like you, who spent their life in the human world and turned soft, would never become one!" his flames gathered on his hand, intensifying and burning bright. It felt more powerful than the attacks that he had unleashed before. "As the one who has the blood of Solomon, it falls in my duty to have that seat! It's not, and never will be, to someone like you!"

She mirrored him as destructive energy gathered around her own hand. "Like I care! Solomon or whatever - I'm gonna do what I want! I'm going to be on top of everyone and fix this damn place until everything isn't so terrible anymore! I will achieve my dream!" she declared. "And I'm not going to let you stop me by letting this betrothal go through!"

Riser oddly paused at that, before barking out a laugh. "What a foolish dream! You plan to change the nature of demonkind!? Even I know how futile that is!" he shook his head. "But in the end, it doesn't matter. Because if you want to achieve that foolish dream of yours…"

The flames intensified, converging into a single star not unlike her own attack.

"...Then you're going to have to go through me." he declared solemnly.

Rias frowned in concentration as she readied her own attack. Her own Apocalyptic Nova, no holds barred this time. The destructive energy thrummed loudly above her hands, roaring like a beast in a cage that wanted to devour and destroy everything in its way.

"That, we can agree." she stated.

There was no more room for words after that. Only a mutual understanding that this was the climax of it all, and what happens in this will decide the fight in its entirety.

The two of them launched the attacks at each other, and the projectiles sailed through the air before colliding and engulfing them in heat and light.

At that very moment, the day rose earlier in hell.


Rias floated down on the charred ground. Her uniform had burns in some places, but aside from the scars that she gained from the chains, she was unharmed.

In contrast to that was Riser's own battered form, laid down on the ground facing up covered in burns and wounds. He had no expression on his face as he laid there, simply staring up in the beautiful purple dusk sky. It was strange, seeing him that way - her earlier meetings with him had his face set on an eternally condescending or angry expression, but this time as he laid there he looked almost… peaceful.

She looked up as well. Indeed, the sky was beautiful.

"...Have you come here to gloat?" Riser eventually asked, breaking the silence between them.

"Hmm… you know, I was originally planning to do it. Rub my victory in your face and all that." she answered, before looking back to him. "But then I changed my mind. It doesn't seem right to do that now."

"...Is that so? You're quite a strange demon. First you say that tripe with making hell better, then here you are not gloating at all when it's the right of all winners. I doubt demons as strange as you can be counted with a single hand, let alone a single finger." he then let out a sigh. "And I can't believe I lost to someone like that… How can you get so strong in such a short time? I was certain you were weaker than me a few days ago."

"You're right about that. Fortunately, I had help. Me and my club trained hard and… I've also been training myself for a while now. I'm glad to see it pay off." Rias smiled, thinking of the boy she'd come to like. "I've been wanting to catch up to someone for a while now after all."

Rias then shook her head. "Ah, but nevermind that. That's not what I came here to talk to you about."

She approached Riser's laid form and hunched down slightly to talk to him properly. Seeing her do that, his eyes moved away from the sky to give her a confused look. Then she spoke.

"Riser." she began. "You're actually a decent guy, aren't you?"

"...What?"

Rias looked to the side, in the direction where she knows the spectator stands are. Those who are unconscious would be teleported there and would be treated immediately in case of any emergencies. She doubted that things had reached that level however, so it's just where the eliminated was transported to.

The same direction he was also looking at so much earlier, along with his harem.

"You care about them, don't you?" she suddenly said, and Riser didn't need to be clarified to understand. "They took up so much of your attention in the fight. You were worried about them. That alone makes me think that you're treating them as if they were your lovers, instead of just objects to collect or as sex toys. Unlike the majority of the demons."

Riser didn't speak, simply looking at her in silence.

"My brother can be really really dumb sometimes, but he'd never want to let me marry someone that will hurt me and treat me that way. He must've known that you were the type of person who wouldn't do that, at the very least." she continued. "Then there's also that reaction of yours when I said my dream…"

Rias turned again to look him in the eye.

"You agree. You want hell to change for the better. You don't think it's possible… but in the end, you feel the same way."

"You want my dream to happen."

Why was there a need for him to act this way, she wonders? Perhaps it was out of appearances, as those who act 'decently' will be the ones to be taken advantage of in this place and thriving meant removing that potential weakness in the eyes of others. Or perhaps that is really how the person named Riser was and he just has a bad personality in general.

In the end, however, one truth remains: the man in front of her was a decent person.

Riser met her gaze for a few moments… then he looked away with a sigh.

"Think whatever you want." he eventually said. "But so what? In the end, the alliance between our two families will be in tatters. My family will hear of this, and they'll take this as a slight to their image. It doesn't matter if you think I'm a 'decent person' like you demons from the surface." he gave her a frown. "We'll remain enemies, and I will always treat you as such. You will expect no mercy from me."

"Nope!" she said brightly.

Riser looked at her in confusion once more. "...What?"

"I said nope! I think we just got off on the wrong foot! What's a proper introduction to violent brutes like us demons other than fighting to prove your worth?" she explained with a smile. "And now that we're finished, I think we're now properly introduced. So let's start over, shall we?"

Rias outstretched her hand towards Riser. "Hey, my name is Rias Satanichia. You're Riser Twining or something, right?" she asked. "Want to be my friend?"

He looked at her incredulously. "You… you can't be seriously expecting that saying all that fixes things, right?"

She tilted her head as she brought her hand down. "Hm? Why not? We're gonna be friends, aren't we?"

"It's not just a matter of being 'friends'! I'm telling you that this will be seen as a slight and that we'll become enemies! Do you think that telling my family that we're now friends would suddenly make the problem go away!?" he shouted. "It's naive and foolish! Something like that is so impossible that it's useless to even try!"

"—And that's the problem, isn't it?"

Riser paused at her tone.

"I'm fed up hearing those words. Saying things like 'stupid', 'naive', or 'impossible'. That somehow, you're better off with just not doing anything… I'm sick of it. I'm sick of us demons fighting each other for the stupidest reasons, even when we can be better. Why can't we just be friends and get along with everyone? Has someone even tried?"

Rias stared behind her. In the distance, she could see the very tip of the artificial sun of hell rising up as the dawn broke. She gazed at it with a solemn look on her face.

"Maybe it is an impossible task. Maybe the whole thing will end up crashing in flames and I'll be left disappointed, or worse, dead. I'd probably be cursing my past self if I ever did get to that point." Rias spoke, talking as much to herself as to Riser. "...But you know what? I'd probably regret it more if I didn't try to even do it. And thankfully, there's a surefire way to make sure it happens."

Rias turned around, her gaze locking onto Riser's own while she gave him a bright grin. She felt the heat of the sun as the rays of light slowly crept up her back, as the morning twilight had the sun rise to the point that it could cast a shadow in front of her.

A view that somehow made Riser's eyes widen slightly as he stared at her.


Spoiler

"—So, I'm gonna be the president of hell!" she declared. "It doesn't matter what the others say - I'm gonna do what's never been done before! I'm going to achieve the impossible, and none of the others are going to have a say on anything about it! Because achieving the impossible only needs a single thing: someone who's willing to try."

Rias brought up her hand again, offering a handshake to the wide-eyed Riser.

"So, how about we try to become friends, Riser? Who knows what might happen?" she asked. "Don't you want to at least find out?"

There were a few moments of silence at that.

"Ha… Hahahahahah!"

Then, Riser burst into hysterical laughter. It was a strange sight as the man had never shown such an emotion before, laughing his lungs out like this. Strangely, the laugh itself didn't seem to be mocking, instead carrying an emotion of… something else.

Still, she didn't like the way he reacted. "H-Hey! Why are you laughing!? What's so funny!?" she said with a pout.

Riser shook his head, laughter dying down to chuckles.

"What hopelessly silly logic… Attempting to do something hopeless not out of some actual reason, but solely because nobody has tried? If things did work that way, then all fools would have done the impossible by now. It's just like listening to a naive child. It's stupid and nobody but hopeless, delusional fools would even attempt to believe such a thing."

Rias stayed quiet. Then, Riser sighed and looked up to the sky.

"…I suppose that makes me one of them. I can't believe I'm actually considering it." he muttered, taking her outstretched hand.

She grinned at that, pulling the guy off the ground so that he could stand before letting go of his hand. They stood in front of one another, this time not as enemies but rather as equals.

"So, we're starting over now right? No hard feelings in our fight?" she asked.

"I suppose you can say that." Riser grumbled. "But know that I'm only thinking this way out of respect for your strength. It's the law of hell that the strong rules while the weak obey. I'm only accepting your offer of friendship and will attempt to smooth the news to my parents because of that. So don't get the wrong idea." he warned.

Rias barked out a laugh. "Hah! See? I knew you're a nice guy! And you're even being tsun like Basa-kun. Guess your appearances weren't the only thing similar to you two after all."

His eyes narrowed. "Oi, I know that we look similar with our blonde hair and tanned skin, but would you quit comparing him to me? Aside from those two things we're nothing alike."

"Yeah, you're way weaker than him after all!" Rias agreed with a nod.

A vein popped on his forehead. "Do you want us to get along or not?"

"Oh come on, we're friends now aren't we? Friends tease each other all the time!" Rias said with a grin. "I know you have to keep appearances here in hell but we established that we want to change that! So lighten up a little, Riser!"

The guy looked doubtful at that, but anything more that he could say was interrupted with a voice calling out to them.

"—Buchou!!!"

Rias saw Ryuusei-kun call out quite a distance away from the destroyed landscape they were in. He was running towards her along with the rest of her club with a bright smile on their faces. They looked a bit banged up, but other than that they looked totally fine. As expected from her club!

"Hey everyone! I did it!" she said brightly as they went near her.

Ryuusei-kun was the one who reached her first, looking at her with excitement and awe. "Yeah, we saw you pummel that blonde bastard! It was really funny seeing him look shocked when you broke free of his chains. Man, the expression on his face when you did that—" he turned to see Riser standing behind her. "—Huh? Wait, that blonde bastard is still conscious behind you, Buchou!"

Riser crossed his arms and stared down Ryuusei. "Do you have something to say, weakling?"

Her newest club member flinched, but then stood his ground and glared directly at Riser in challenge. In contrast, the rest of the club were simply curious at why Riser seemingly stood in front of her without a hint of aggression on his form.

Ryuusei-kun growled. "Can't just stay lying down when you're already beat, huh!? Come on, everyone! Let's beat him up quickly and show him his place!"

"Of course you need your companions with you." Riser scoffed. "Can't even face me without the help of others. As expected of a weakling."

"Why you…!"

"Now, now. There's no need to act that way, Ryuusei-kun. The duel is already over." Rias interrupted the two of them. "Plus, we all should be getting along! Me and Riser just happened to have a rough introduction with each other. That's all fixed because we're friends now!"

"We're not friends. I agreed to put aside our differences and to not take any hard feelings from the slight you gave for rejecting a formal betrothal, but we're not 'friends'. Allies, at best." Riser said with a frown.

"Sure, buddy. Whatever you say!" Rias said with a grin.

The guy looked at her, before slowly looking down at his hands. "…Have I somehow made a mistake?" he whispered to himself.

What a funny person, this guy. She really misunderstood him the first time they met!

She heard Akeno chuckle. "Ara~ Looks like you work fast, Buchou. I wouldn't have expected that your characteristic charm would work its magic in this situation, but I guess I should have." she turned to Riser and gave him a smile. "Looks like you're friends with Rias now. You're better off going along with the flow, it's easier that way."

"Akeno-senpai!? Just like that!? Are you seriously accepting him being friends with us now!?" Ryuusei-kun shouted incredulously, before turning to the others. "Come on, guys. Back me up here!"

Kiba shook his head with a chuckle. "Nothing you can do about it, Ryuusei. Buchou already decided, so it's settled."

Koneko just shrugged noncommittally.

"I can't accept this! Why the hell would I want to be friends with a blonde bastard like him!? He insulted our president and wants to marry her even though he has a harem!" Ryuusei-kun shouted dramatically. "Seriously, why the hell does he have a harem!? That's so unfair! I want to have one too!"

Kiba sweatdropped. "In the end it's because of the harem, huh."

"I'll tell what you said to Aisha." Koneko stated.

Ryuusei-kun immediately bowed down to Koneko. "I sincerely apologize for what I said. I realize that it was a foolish thing to say, please don't tell her." there was a short silence. "…I'll treat you to some lunch after this."

"Breakfast, lunch and dinner."

"Kghh…! Merciless, you're too merciless, Koneko!" she raised a brow. "But of course, I was simply making jest. Anything that you want."

Koneko nodded in satisfaction.

"What is this stooge show… Is this seriously the people who defeated my harem?" Riser muttered on the side, his tone of voice laced with disbelief.

"Shut up! You're the one who got beaten here! If we're stooges then what does that make you!?" Ryuusei-kun immediately went aggressive once more as he heard Riser's comment. "Be thankful that Buchou considers you as a friend or else I'd have kicked your ass! I already have one blonde bastard who pisses me off in my life, I don't need another inferior copy of it walking around!"

"Who the hell are you calling an inferior copy!? We're nothing alike, damn it!"

Rias watched the arguing two with a smile. While those two don't look like they'll be friendly with each other anytime soon, it looks like any hatred that stemmed from this little fight was gone. As her club interacted in their own unique way to their new friend, the noise of it all felt welcoming. Like they were back in the clubroom and enjoying the moment.

The light of the new morning shone upon them, and she drank the warm atmosphere with a bright look on her face.

It's so good to see everyone getting along!


Such an inspiring scene. As expected of the shounen genre, after a dramatic confrontation between the antagonist that seems redeemable, a short inspiring speech will fix it and things will be all's well that ends well. I've seen it happen plenty of times, but despite the innate cheesiness of it I still can't help but think of it as beautiful.

Still, while I may feel that way… I can't help but feel it's marred by the sight beside me.

"Hic! Uuu, R-Rias…! As expected, my sister is so… so…!"

I looked blankly at Rias' brother as he bawled his eyes out. The noble visage that he wore a while ago was nowhere to be found, replaced entirely by this incredibly happy siscon who couldn't care less about appearances. He was shedding tears out of sheer pride of his sister the moment Rias said her speech, making all these weird sounds as well.

I mean, I get that it's supposed to be comedic, but at least wipe your nose instead of letting it run all over you for crying out loud. Even your wife over there was getting embarrassed by your behavior and she's a damn kuudere.

In contrast, Serafall didn't even seem fazed at his reactions. I get the feeling that she was used to it. "That girl never ceases to surprise me. I can definitely see why little Sona felt the need to be in the human world after becoming friends with her." she commented with a smile.

"A demon who'd rather have everyone get along as opposed to ruling them under their own thumb… if we weren't unholy creatures, then I'd say that this must be the work of God's miracles." Ajuka shook his head. "…Perhaps, if she were to be born earlier…" he trailed off.

Sirzechs smiled widely. "Do you now see why my sister is the best there is? She's planning to be the ruler of hell and even beat Riser, one of the many promising demons in their generation! I can already tell that she'd be the greatest demon to ever grace this realm!"

"Now hold on a second. She might be good, but she's no match for my Sona!" Serafall interrupted. "Also you're the one who forced her to marry Riser and caused this problem in the first place. Why are you acting like a die-hard supporter now?"

He grit his teeth and clenched his fist. "—Kghh, I know that! What she said earlier, about the reason why she became so strong…" Sirzechs closed his eyes and shed tears again. "She was 'catching up to someone', she said. She was clearly talking about me. To think Rias would want to reach my level just so she could be side-by-side with her beloved brother, and her determination led to this result… She must've been working on this for a while now. She did all that and made an effort, yet here I am, stopping her from reaching me!"

I suspect that Rias wasn't talking about him when she said those words, but I don't think I have the heart to say that.

"Forgive your brother for not recognizing your efforts! I am a fool! My worry for her had blinded my faith in her abilities, I truly am a failure as a brother!" he wailed dramatically in regret as he kept crying. "I should just go kill myself for penance! I am nothing but a—!"

"I believe that we should meet the winners. The duel is now over after all." Grayfia interrupted him.

The redhead paused and, after a glare from his wife, the man coughed to compose himself. "Y-Yes. Yes, of course." he said sheepishly, before letting out an exhale. "Wouldn't want them to keep waiting." he said a bit more seriously.

With that, the guy stood up and followed his wife. I followed with the rest as we walked towards the teleportation array heading to the duel grounds. As we did so, Serafall discreetly approached me and leaned to my ear to whisper something.

"Say… what Rias was talking about, she was definitely referring to you, right?" the demon woman whispered in a conspiring tone. I glanced at her, and she gave me a devious smile. "You know, you're definitely interesting. I'll be heading over to the human world for a few days sometime after this, so why don't we get to know each other better during that?"

…Great. Looks like I'd have to deal with her attention, but it's natural considering my training just made Rias beat a young powerhouse in just a few days. Especially with me enduring Serafall's power, I imagine everyone here is going to keep a close eye on me from now on.

But then again, something like that is already inevitable. And I'd also have to be in the thick of things in order to observe what happens after all. A meta character for a protagonist in a shounen storyline as big as this will definitely need monitoring, considering this was the first time it happened for me.

I answered her with a wordless nod. That seemed enough as the demon woman separated herself from me with a smile on her face. We then followed the others as they entered the teleportation array.

There was a flash of light as we were displaced from our initial position in an instant before dying down.

"—So what if you're a descendant of Solomon or whatever? I have the blood of heroes with me, but I'm not acting all high and mighty about it!" I heard the ex-protagonist angry voice the moment we arrived.

A scoff. "As if a human hero's blood could ever compare to that Our family—" Rias' ex-fiance paused as he noticed us arrive. He turned to face us respectfully. "...Sirzechs-sama, Serafall and Ajuka-sama. My greetings."

All the people around stopped from whatever they were doing to stare at us. Rias' face brightened as her eyes locked onto mine, giving me an excited look. She was about to say something but then she was interrupted when her brother spoke.

"Riser." Sirzechs spoke, returning to his noble-like demeanor as if he didn't just bawl his eyes out earlier. "You lost. It appears that you must hold up your end of the agreement."

"…I will. No longer will I marry your sister, Sirzechs-sama."

"Very well. We've also heard your plan in regard to your parent's reactions towards this." Riser flinched at that, but the redhead simply gave him a slight smile. "Do not worry about that; we'll be the ones to smooth things over. Rest assured, you won't be caught in the crossfire."

The guy seemed to let out a relieving sigh at that, his shoulders losing the slightest bit of tension. "...My deepest gratitude to you, Sirzechs-sama." he said, giving him a bow. Then, he turned to the maid beside the redhead, an unasked question on his face.

The maid answered him without hearing the question. "Your harem is fine and sleeping the fight off. Just go to the teleportation array." she said, gesturing to the one we just came out of.

He nodded. "Then, by your leave."

With all that said, Riser then walked away from us to teleport to the stands. As he did so though, just before he could step inside to fully leave, Rias raised a hand to him and bid him farewell.

"See ya, Riser! How about you hang out with us in the human world next time? You know, since we're friends now!" she shouted cheerily.

He tripped slightly, but quickly recovered. Then, with a glare towards Rias, he then entered the teleportation array. "I already told you we're not friends!" he shouted back.

The guy disappeared in a flash, leaving them and Rias' club alone.

Rias brought down her hand with a grin. "What a funny guy. He's definitely the type to enjoy life up there. I guess we'll see him up there after a few days or so." her grin then slowly slipped off her face. "But moving on…"

She turned her head to look at her brother with a challenging smile on her face.

"I'm guessing there's no problem with this, nii-san?" she asked.

Sirzechs looked at his sister quietly. Again, looking at the man he looked as every bit as his reputation of a strong demon suggests, having shown no trace of his almost pitiful appearance earlier. It's even hard to believe it was the same person that I'm looking at. I suspect the large difference had to do with his characterization emphasizing on the contrast between his siscon personality and his normal one.

The others haven't seen what I had seen though, so for them the redhead simply looked intimidating. Rias' club looked uncomfortable as he stared at them along with the rest of his allies. Only Rias remained unbothered, truly knowing her brother for who he is.

Then, after a while, he finally spoke.

"I've heard what you said from Grayfia." he started, tone unreadable. "With your stunt here, there's truly no doubt that you're now part of the race to become the Ruler of Hell."

Rias kept quiet.

"There's no more running away from responsibilities or hiding away in the human world, Rias… You're now part of this battle. Others will challenge you, especially due to your status as my sister. Don't expect rationality or honor like Riser, because at this point on, only strength matters." he stated. "Not everyone can be like him, after all."

"....I know. It's something that I've come to realize on my own." Rias answered. "In fact, I've also come to realize that I've been putting this off for a very long time. There's nothing more I would want than this."

"Is that so…" Sirzechs closed his eyes. "Then, if that's the case, then there's one thing that you should know. Consider this as a warning dear sister; If, by chance, it would come to a point where we compete with each other…"

He opened his eyes to glare at Rias.

"...Then, I will show you no mercy." he declared.

What followed after that statement was, predictably, a flex of their power

True to almost all times I've met with demons, they unleashed their demonic energy to show off just how powerful they are. This one was different from the earlier ones though, as while I could tell that he was the most powerful out of the bunch that I've met - the power he was exuding was all muted. What Serafall did to me earlier was worse than this.

But I suppose it was enough for the people it was aimed at. Rias' club stood petrified in fear as they saw what they thought was power incarnate for the very first time in their lives. This would surely be an eye opening experience for them showing that ,despite all their improvements from my training, they were all just frogs in a well.

However… one person was exempt from this.

Rias weathered the show of power and didn't show much reaction to it. The redhead simply looked at her own brother straight in the eyes without backing down, not even the slightest bit intimidated by what he had shown to her.

Then, she let out a grin.

"Of course! I wouldn't expect anything else, nii-san!" she said with a laugh. "Just watch me! I'll get there in no time at all!"

Sirzechs blinked in surprise at her reaction, before his lips slowly curled up into a slight smile. With Rias' resolve tested, his power whittled down, eventually making the surrounding pressure return to normal and allowing Rias' club to breathe again.

"I see. I'm happy to hear that Rias." he shook his head. "I suppose congratulations are in order then. I suspect that you might want to celebrate this victory, but forgive me for not coming with you as I have matters to attend to."

"It's fine, nii-san. I'd like to spend it more with my club anyway." she waved away. "Plus, we have plenty of time to catch up later. It's been a while since I've returned here, after all."

Hearing that, Sirzechs sent her a genuine smile. The man then turned around to leave, but before he did so, he said one last thing. With his cape fluttering behind him along with his long flowing red locks of hair, the man gave them a look of what can only be described as one that invites challenge.

"I'll wait for you at the finish line, Rias."

With that, the man stepped into the teleportation array and disappeared in a flash.

Serafall giggled. "...Look at that guy, can't just resist trying to look cool, huh?" she turned to Rias with a smile. "We need to get going too. Say hi to my sister for me, okay?" as she left, she also waved a hand in farewell to me as well.

Ajuka simply nodded his head politely before following. Leaving Rias and her club, the maid, and then me. For a moment there was a slight silence.

"…That was intense. Who were they?" the ex-protagonist muttered.

"Those are the most powerful demons in hell… the top contenders of becoming its ruler." Kiba answered absentmindedly, before turning to me with a disbelieving look on his face. "Basa-kun, you were with them this whole time? How exactly did you survive that?"

"They seemed like decent people." I answered.

The blonde doesn't look like he was satisfied with the answer. Too bad, it's all that he's going to get.

"Fufufu~ Kiba, you know how Basa-kun and his mysteriousness is. It's one of his main charms." It totally was. This woman gets me, for real. "Now, more importantly - should we get going? I know we defeated Riser's harem easily, but I'm parched. Oh, and Buchou needs to have her arms and legs fixed… Ara, it's already healed?"

Rias brought down the healing potion she just drank. "Hm? What's that?"

"...Are those healing potions, ojou-sama?" Grayfia asked to the side, looking at her strangely.

"Ah, yeah. Basa-kun made them for us. It's really convenient!" she sighed out in relief as the burns in her arms and legs disappeared. "Hahhh… that's the good stuff. Riser would've been really surprised if I had to use this midfight, especially with how many they are! Not that I needed it though."

"..."

I ignored the intense gaze of the maid boring to my side. Probably because this sort of stuff is rare in their setting. I doubt they've heard of anything like this. Way to go tell them about it, Rias.

"Alright, we did good everyone! This whole duel has gone splendidly! Now, there's only one thing left for us to do…" Rias said after recovering from her injuries, pointing onwards like some adventurer of old. "Come on, Basa-kun, Grayfia - everyone! Let's go celebrate our victory!"

"—Yeahhhh! Let's gooo!"

"Fufu~ Good show, everyone."

"Man, that was tiring…"

"Nn. The feast is waiting."

The rest of the club cheered after her, following closely behind as their leader went ahead. Most vocal of all is the ex-protagonist who obnoxiously cheered like some hyped-up sports player after a win, with the rest being a bit more subdued. There was no denying the satisfied smiles and grins on their faces though.

The same went for Grayfia who quietly trailed behind them with a soft smile on her face. I did the same, unwilling to intrude on their first victorious moment as a club.

There's just something great about finishing everything on a good note. With this little arc, Rias had earned not an enemy but rather a friend, as well as proving herself willing to even reach her dream in the process. How would it compare if she hadn't turned meta, I wonder?

Somehow, I just had the feeling it would be less than this.

Because while Rias was clearly someone who was meant to be a heroine…

There was no doubt that being a protagonist suited her at her core.


…

…But not all is happy.

For every smile given, there is someone out there who is crying out of sorrow, pain, or grief. Quite an edgy thing to say, but it nevertheless was a simple truth that lies in the back of our minds during happy times. A wise man had put it eloquently: the feeling called 'happiness' would lose its meaning if it weren't to be balanced by 'sadness'.

And in a world such as this, where even the simplest things hold meaning for the purpose of the story, it applies even more. Not everything can be smiles and pleasant feelings.

Because tragedy exists.

Sadness and sorrow itself can be beautiful in its own way.

And so on the other side of the world, in one of my other clones, my footsteps splashed the pooling water on the wet streets of a war-torn country. I walked under the heavy downpour of rain without an umbrella or a raincoat to cover myself, uncaring of the fact that my hair and clothes were completely drenched, already being used to such a feeling.

The atmosphere was quiet and solemn. It was cold and deep into the night, with the broken infrastructure and streets devoid of any people, having long since evacuated the battlefield or had died trying. There was debris everywhere from the destruction of the once-intact infrastructure and there was not a single thing left standing. A dense fog even settled around the area, carrying the stench of death is evident from wherever one may go.

Many people had died here, both young and old. In this very battlefield there were tales of heroism that happened, undoubtedly just as many as those who had died meaningless deaths.

I stopped walking. At my side was a nondescript alley, it was dirty and left forgotten, destroyed like the rest of the landscape.

However, the water that pooled on my feet here was mixed with flowing blood.

I walked inside, putting away the small crystal ball that I carried. The same crystal ball that can predict the movements of characters who are still firmly within control of the world, who I used with Rias and Yuki to investigate when exactly they turned meta after they didn't match what it predicted.

Exactly like what was happening right now.


Spoiler

The blonde woman leaning at the alley's walls stared at me, her face showing an empty and broken expression. She was covered in dirt and her body was littered with cuts and bruises - but most notable of all was her missing arm where blood flowed out continuously and pooled beside her.

The girl was undoubtedly in her final moments and would've died, ending a tragic life in some sort of beautiful and poetic way like a world like this demands. But instead of seeing what I would expect a cold corpse, what I saw in front of me was a woman impossibly clinging to life despite the despair that she carried within her. A dying woman, crushed and on her lowest point, yet she still goes on.

I also didn't fail to notice her other hand, clutching a hidden grenade out of my view, was thumbing the pin in case I wasn't friendly. She was planning to fight for her life, even now.

Incredible. She was a struggler in the most literal sense. Even without a reason to live, even when her fate was sealed…here she was, still trying to persist. For the life of me, I cannot imagine why a tragedy was decided to be more beautiful than what I'm seeing right now.

Another one to chalk up to this ridiculous world.

There were a few seconds of silence as we stared at each other, broken only with the sound of heavy rain.

"...Who are you?" she weakly whispered in a blank tone of voice.

I met the dying woman's gaze evenly. Then I answered.

"Your savior, most likely."

She looked confused at my statement, but that didn't matter. Explanations can come later after all. Now, I have to make sure this person doesn't die first like she was meant to be.

Because… it seems that I've finally met my fourth heroine.
Last edited: Jan 3, 2025
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Fungod, adamasx and 1,741 others
Skrubchap
Sep 26, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 19
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Dec 31, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,354
Sorry for the long wait for this chapter - I was really busy for the past couple months. Anyway, here's a new chapter in the eyes of our new heroine! And an idea for the upcoming chapter too. Hope you guys enjoy it!


Chapter 19

Blue eyes opened to see a blank ceiling in a simple, unfurnished room.

The woman pulled herself up from laying down. A dull pain felt by her body told her that she was still hurting, but practice allowed her to simply ignore it. She looked around, observing the room she was in, and wondering where exactly she was.

The woman's dead gaze examined her surroundings, analyzing her situation calmly. The room she was in looked similar to the ones in the field hospital, although it wasn't congested with the sick, dying, or dead. She was alone in this small place. Although, she did notice there was a chair and a small table filled with medical instruments to the side of her bed, showing the signs of someone coming into the room and working on her injuries.

Her blonde locks, matted from sweat, fell on her forehead and obscured her vision slightly. She raised her hands to get it out of the way but another bout of pain seemingly followed the simple movement. A glance to the side, and the woman realized that it was because of a specific part of her body. Or rather, the lack of it.

Her entire left forearm was gone. Her limb from elbow and below was seemingly cut off, with the elbow itself covered with bandages so that she wouldn't bleed out. Memories returned, and she distantly recalled her being trapped in rubble after being caught in an explosion while under fire from enemy artillery, and her swift decision to cut it off so she wouldn't get caught.

More memories followed. It was a blurry recollection of her simply trying to survive. Her entire squad was wiped but she managed to escape or avoid her enemies, managing to live for a while before succumbing due to too much loss of her blood. However, just as she had felt her vision dim, she recalled a figure approaching her…

"Looks like you're awake."

She glanced to the side to see the door open and for a person to enter. She calmly observed this new person: it was a man with blonde hair and tanned skin, one with a large build and height similar to her fellow soldiers, but not visibly armed with any weapon. The man closed the door gently behind him before moving to sit on the chair beside her.

"You were in dire shape when I found you. Aside from your left arm missing, you seem to have been shot multiple times along with other injuries due to shrapnel. It's a miracle you were still alive." he stated. "You're fine now though. I managed to fix all of it, but you'd still need to recuperate. Your body still needs to take some time to recover—"

"Why did you save me?"

He stopped when she spoke for the first time. The woman's unnervingly blank gaze was directed at him, yet he showed no signs of being bothered by it. Then, after a moment of deliberation, he answered her question.

"I saved you because we're linked together now." he simply stated, before introducing himself politely. "The name's Basa, by the way. Nice to meet you."

The woman's blank gaze went unabated, but there was a degree of confusion in her gaze now. "…Are you my new commanding officer?" she asked, trying to make sense of it. "If you are, then I must apologize for my state. My efficiency in assisting during missions is lessened." she bowed her head in submission. "…I can serve you, however. My other parts appear to be intact." she added, looking in the direction of his waist.

"No need for that." he assured, frowning slightly at her comment.

It didn't go unnoticed to the woman. "…I see, do you not find me attractive?" she then glanced at her missing arm as if it explained everything, before nodding. "I must be a burden at this point. Does this mean I'm discharged from duty then? Or shall I be sent to die in the field, like the others?" the statement was said as if she was discussing the weather.

"I think you're getting a wrong idea of what's happening." he interrupted. "For all intents and purposes, you've perished in the battlefield and considered officially dead. I'm not your new commanding officer or anything like that, and you're no longer part of the army either."

The woman stared blankly at him again, taking it all in.

"Understood." she said, simply. "Then, what are my orders from now on?"

There was a quiet moment as that question came. Then, the man sighed.

"…Codename V. No legal name. Birthplace, unknown. Birthdate, unknown. Found as a child in a shipwrecked ruin on the coast of an island in the north, specifically the fifth sector, hence the codename. Conscripted into the army shortly after that - but due to the lack of identifiable registration and the almost feral behavior displayed, you were brought in and treated as a weapon. You weren't even human. But you managed to make yourself a passable imitation just by spending sufficient time with other people in your unit, learning enough to speak, read, and write."

The man narrated information about the woman, who simply listened quietly without a single emotion in her face.

"You were treated as a tool and abused by everyone around. You lived a life of tragedy, never knowing anything beyond the battlefield. And that remained until your supposed end during an enemy confrontation. I doubt anyone in your unit misses you in your death. Or at least, I doubt they cared beyond lamenting the loss of the woman they're abusing in their ranks." he said, gaining a grave frown on his face. However, it was wiped seconds later. "And yet, despite all that… you wanted to live, somehow defying fate against all odds. Leading to where we are now."

He stared straight in her gaze.

"You ask what your orders are? There's none. Your life is your own now." he answered. "What do you want to do in your life?"

The woman blinked as the question was asked to her. A furrow in her brow indicated the confusion that she felt as, for the very first time she woke up, she hesitated. It took a very long time for her to answer.

"I… do not know." she eventually replied.

The man, who was waiting patiently, simply nodded. "That's fine. Just think on it for now. It'd be hard to break through the conditioning you were put through, after all." he then stood up. "But before all that, just rest. You still need to recover from wounds healing. You can help yourself to anything in this place. Or you can go ahead and call me if you need assistance."

With that, the man exited the room. Perhaps to deal with other tasks or something else in need of his attention. And as he left, the door closed gently, leaving the woman stewing in the quiet stillness of the unfurnished room once more.

And so, V was left alone with her own thoughts. Along with the alien uncertainty that came along with it.



She had managed to recover relatively quickly. It took a single day for the pain of her amputated arm to dull into something manageable and for her to regain the strength to stand up straight. Seeing no reason to stay on the bed anymore, she took it upon herself to finally leave the room she was in.

The place they were in was a simple household. A single story house constructed mostly from wood, similar to the cabins constructed in the woody forests they were sometimes stationed in to headquarter their officers, or the ruins of what used to be homes to families within the area. Looking at a window, the outside of the house was similar, although it seems that they were far from the battlefield considering the lack of sounds of enemy gunfire or artillery around.

When she left the room she found the man, Basa, seated at the dining table, attending to some files piled on top of it while sipping hot coffee. He turned to her when she exited her room, inclining his head in greeting.

"Good morning. Want to take a seat? There's breakfast."

V nodded her head obediently and sat down in the seat in front of what looked like a hot frothy soup, as he instructed. The woman used her single right arm to use the spoon, before putting the food in her mouth. She paused for a moment, before eating the rest quickly.

She consumed it all in record time and put the spoon down after she was finished. The man smiled. "How was it?"

"It was very delicious." she stated factually.

"I see. I'll say that to the woman who cooked it. She'll be very happy to hear that." he then indicated the pot on the table, right in front of her. "There's plenty in that pot there. Help yourself if you want more. Don't worry about me - I already ate. You can have the rest."

She nodded and began eating some more. The woman noticeably ate in a more lively manner this time, seemingly savoring each spoonful. Still, she ate quite fast, and her body must have been demanding nutrients and fuel since she managed to devour it all. Then when it was over, she went back to staring at Basa quietly.

For a while they did just that. The only sound that interrupted the quiet was the noise of him leafing through the sheets of paper.

Sometimes, he would stand up to do something else. V stood up from her chair as well when that happened, following him closely behind. Then, when he returned back to the dining table, she would also sit back down and return to staring at him.

"I'm not giving you orders, you know." he suddenly commented, his gaze still on the files before him.

V tilted her head at that. "You are not?"

"As I said, you're responsible for what you want now. What do you want to do? Any desires? Any sort of dreams you want done?"

She was quiet for a moment, furrowing her brows and feeling the swirl of uncertainty in her chest once more, much like how she felt yesterday as she tried to answer those questions. And much like yesterday, none were coming forth. Then she blinked, seemingly coming to a conclusion.

"…I want to do whatever you order me to do." she stated with a nod.

He gave her a flat gaze. "No, that's clearly a cop out answer."

She tilted her head again. "I don't understand." she muttered. "…May I assist you with what you are doing, then? I can read and write."

The man scrutinized her, before letting out a sigh. "I guess you can. I doubt you can answer it easily anyway. Might as well do it in small steps." he then pushed to her some of the papers. "Here, try to arrange these. And don't hesitate to ask if you have a question."

She nodded obediently, before proceeding to read the pages so that she may sort them properly. She was barely literate, not understanding much of the many words she was reading, but she could make a guess on the contents of the paper. A curious expression appeared on her blank face, although she diligently continued to arrange the papers in order.

However, after arriving at a particular file, she finally spoke.

"Excuse me." she said, gaining Basa's attention. "These files - they're about the war, aren't they?"

"They are." he answered simply.

She tilted her head. "Did you lie about me not being part of the army anymore? Some of the files appear to be highly classified." she stated in a tone with no hint of accusation nor judgement, but rather simple curiosity. "Did I fail a test? Will I be punished?"

"Not really. I stole it." he said casually while leafing through the sheets of paper.

"I see." she nodded in acceptance, reassessing the situation with the information.

She then continued to quietly arrange the papers. However, a certain file caught her attention which made her stop for a moment and call the man's attention dutifully. "Excuse me." she called again. "You said that you stole this information? I believe the information in this particular page is inaccurate."

"Hm? How so?"

She looked down at the page of a certain file. "There should be no battle involving giant mechanical robots in this war. Should I throw this one away?"

The page in question was a brief report detailing the use of giant robots and their effectiveness. And although there were pictures in the file itself, it's easily dismissed as fake since she hadn't witnessed them at any point. Even more, some of the battles it said to have partook in were ones she had been present in as well. Perhaps it was faulty intelligence made to mislead the enemy in case of being stolen, which puts into doubt the certainty of these files as a whole.

Basa simply hummed. "No, that's true. You just didn't notice. Maybe you were preoccupied with the guns and artillery at that time?"

She shook her head. "I would've noticed. And I do not think giant robots exist." she said factually.

He paused, before bringing the files down on top of the table. Then he gave her an enigmatic smile. "The world is more vast than you can imagine. Giant robots exist. And so does the supernatural, and other stuff you thought that aren't real. It's just that there are restrictions imposed on people that make them unable to see them if they don't meet the requirements." he explained. "And now, you're one of the rare people that meet it all. Isn't that incredible?"

V stared at him blankly.

"I see." she said with another accepting nod. "Understood. Should I keep this paper then?"

"…Somehow, I don't think you believe me." Basa said, gaining a deadpan look.

"I believe you, sir. Giant robots and magic definitely exist."

"And now you're being sarcastic too. Didn't expect that with that emotionless archetype going on." he said with a sigh. Then, he brought up his hand with the palms open facing the ceiling. "Here, look at my hand. Not holding a lighter or anything, right? Watch."

A ball of fire suddenly manifested atop his palm. She blinked once, and twice. Then, in a manner that would've had her disciplined due to moving without permission, she approached him and went to touch the fire with a curious expression. It was hot, but not burning hot. She moved her fingers around the man's palm; there was nothing that could make it levitate like that.

"Ohh." she muttered, letting out an amazed sound that didn't quite match the relatively blank face that she wore.

"So? Convinced? I can show you more if you still doubt it." he said.

She shook her head. For some time there was a considering silence as V simply did nothing but stare at the magical flame on his palm. Then, after a while, she spoke once more.

"You said that things that I thought were real, are." she began, speaking out the thoughts that raced in her mind. "Then, does that mean Santa is real?"

Basa blinked, seemingly surprised at the unexpected question. He looked at the still-blank face of the woman that, if looked closely, one might be able to see the sparkling shine in her eyes that showed child-like wonder.

Then, he smiled. "Definitely."

"The tooth fairy?"

"They exist." Basa answered.

"I see." she replied as she settled down. "Despite them being real, I never met them. I suppose Santa wouldn't give gifts to bad girls who kill people. Does the same go for the tooth fairy? I tried to put the teeth that got knocked out of me when I got disciplined under my pillow, but it didn't seem to work." she said curiously, one that seemed to wipe the smile on his face. "What about God? Other soldiers pray a lot, but they don't seem to be answered and they all still die during battle." she added.

Hearing that, Basa scratched his head for a moment before replying. "…As I said, if you don't fulfill the requirements, you can't really meet with them. It's all complicated." he gave her a grave look. "You being able to meet them is a recent development. But I believe that they would've wanted to do the same, given that they had a chance. It's just that the world prevented them from doing so."

She nodded at that, before turning silent in contemplation. The man stared for a short while, exhaled, and then stood up from his seat while putting down the files he held neatly on the table. Seeing him stand up, she also did the same.

"Sir?" she asked.

"No need for that. Just call me Basa." he interjected. "Say, you seem recovered now. Would you like to come with me and go outside?"

V felt a bit curious on what he plans to do, but in the end it was never her role to question. And so, she nodded.


The man apparently was able to travel throughout the entire country with ease. After stepping foot outside the lodge, he demonstrated his magic once more by teleporting the both of them aiming to arrive at the sparsely populated places throughout the warzones. She was also given a change of clothes, an old cloak to hide her face and injuries as well as to protect herself from the almost constant drizzle within the wartorn country, which the man also wore before they fully left.

They arrived at their destination after a flash and walked a bit before that. Usually, they would arrive in places near active firefights. Basa would bring out a notepad before writing something there, taking note of the events for something she wasn't privy of. And while he informed her that his magic made them unable to be spotted, seeing they were this close to the action she still tried to keep on guard.

However, at some point, the warzones they arrived in were fought not with soldiers, artillery or vehicles. The first thing that caught her attention when they teleported at such a place was the rhythmic shaking of earth like the roars of a flak gun battery shooting targets, or a piledriver being used for construction of fortifications. This was followed by intense explosions. She wondered at first if this was some new artillery she'd never heard before.

When they were able to reach a vantage point however, she bore witness to something she didn't expect.


Spoiler

Basa did say that these giant robots existed, and while he proved his word by showing that magic is also real and demonstrating it, hearing about it and seeing it in person are two different things. V blinked in surprise at the humongous warmachines - about three stories tall - that lay waste on the ruined city, fighting other similar robots like it. She recognized that those robots also wore the enemy's and her own country's coat of arms - leading more credence to what the man said regarding the situation of the war.

The robots moved with grace like normal humans, assisted by thrusters not out of place in jet fighters. They also seem to be strong enough to crush or break through ruins of entire buildings, and take hits from gunfire or shells from the sparse infantry or artillery support participating in the battle. Along with being outfitted with large weapons, they all make for destructive instruments of death.

Perhaps a normal person would react with wonder or fear at the sight of those machines. However, the woman can only tilt her head in confusion as she stared at those robots destroying their enemies and everything around them with advanced weaponry she'd never seen before.

"How did I miss this…?" she muttered.

"Don't bother with the specifics of how you missed it. It's very situational. Like I said earlier, this world has the tendency to make you avoid certain things if you don't meet the requirements." Basa said as he continued to take note of things, looking at the robots with a scrutinizing eye. "That doesn't apply to you now. You're one of the few exceptions."

She listened to him, digesting what he said. She then turned to him and stared at him in a considering manner.

"You said that we were linked yesterday. Are you one of the exceptions too?" she asked.

"Sharp of you." he praised. "Yes, I am. Along with a few others. I think you'll get along with them."

V nodded her head. She watched without much emotion on her face as the robots continued to fight, taking it just as another weapon to take note of and not much else. Still, she remained vigilant in case they were attacked by those machines as the man tried to accomplish whatever he was trying to do in these kinds of places.

…At some point however, they stopped visiting active warzones.

They would travel to other places. Locations where both sides of the conflict have no interest to be in, and where the refugees usually run off to. They passed people that tried to seek shelter in the ruined concrete buildings which looked as if it was about to collapse. Many eyed them warily as they passed by out of fear that they were soldiers but it was abated when they saw the old cloaks they wore, similar to the makeshift ones that the refugees also own.

V looked around. The man never specified which places they teleported in, but she followed him dutifully without any questions asked. Still, the place they arrived in was something she was familiar with, having taken part in a battle here once.

"Something matter?" Basa asked, noticing her lapse in attention.

"This is in enemy territory. Beyond the borders." she turned to look at the refugees. "And that must mean that these people are enemy citizens. Should they be eliminated?"

The man hummed. "Well, you're not part of the army anymore. As I keep saying, your orders are your own." he said, repeating the words earlier that made her uncertain. "What do you want to do? Should you eliminate them?"

She went quiet, staring at the people. Many were huddled together with their families in a makeshift fire to keep themselves warm from the constant cold drizzle that settled in the area. From what she could see, they were also gaunt and weak, likely from rationing their food or the lack of it. Nevertheless, they were in no shape to pose any sort of danger.

"…No." she answered simply.

"Is that so?" Basa commented, observing her quietly. Then, he started to approach the group of refugees. For a moment they seemed wary of his actions but he raised both of his hands before he started to speak, the words too soft for her to hear.

Then, he brought out the bulky bag he carried underneath his cloak, opened it, before distributing what looked like medicine, water and rations to the refugees. Seeing what he was doing, the others in the area also started to gather around him. She watched carefully as the refugees received it from Basa, but it looked as if they were too grateful to try anything untoward to him.

The number of people doesn't seem to be a concern either as he continued to produce supplies from his bag. It doesn't look like he'll run out of things to pull out from it, despite the bag looking ordinary. And the people don't seem to question it either. Was this another one of his magics?

Basa turned to look at her. "Would you like to help?"

V stared at the refugees, citizens of the country that she fought. They were dirty and covered with injuries, forcing themselves to move so that they could survive. It reminded her of herself on a particularly bad day on duty. The only difference however was the glimmer of light that shimmered in their eyes, due to the help of this man right in front of her.

After a bit of deliberation, she nodded and moved to assist him distribute the supplies.

Time passed like that as they simply traveled throughout the warzone, teleporting in places where refugees ranging from whole groups or a single person are located. The ones they helped weren't only from the enemy country but her own as well, although the difference between what they looked like seemed nonexistent. Strangely, Basa would also use his magic so that they would forget the encounter with him so that they wouldn't gather attention. She didn't oppose it, seeing it wasn't her role to question.


It eventually turned into sunset as the hours passed. They were helping a particularly large group of refugees, larger than the rest they had encountered for the past day. She was helping a small girl with her limited first aid by bandaging her wound - something that wasn't serious, just a wound she earned by tripping on some debris. It was a bit difficult to do with one hand, but she managed.

"Thank you, miss!" the girl said, giving her a bright smile when she gave her a ration bar to snack on after.

She nodded and the girl ran off to the other kids. It was with a detached expression as she watched she and the other kids, likely her friends, talk animatedly to one another. It was a great contrast to the quiet and solemn look on their faces when they encountered them earlier.

Seeing as she was done with her task, V turned around and went back to Basa. The man was finished giving off the supplies to the group and was giving directions on where they should go to reach the borders. She waited for a while for them to finish, and after being deeply thanked by the adults, he eventually walked to her.

"Done with yours already?" he asked.

"I finished treating the wounded. I've also distributed the supplies." she reported. She tried to add something as well, but hesitated and stopped herself.

He glanced at her. "Do you have something on your mind? You look like you want to ask something."

There was a pause. "…Why are you helping these people?" she eventually asked.

"Because I want to, and I can." he said with a shrug.

"Then why not simply teleport them to the borders? Why give them supplies so that they'll reach it themselves?" she said curiously. "It seems safer and faster that way."

"Lots of factors to that one. I can't simply bring people to their destination, especially this large number of people. You can say it messes up their futures, and it can affect other types of conflict in this place." he explained. "The best I could do is to ease their pain in their journey, so it won't be as difficult. Or at least, those that I can afford to help."

"You can see the future?" she asked, tilting her head.

"Yes. The people that we've helped can be helped. The others, I'd have to leave alone since their fate is intertwined with different events." he said with an exhale. "As I said, it's very complicated. And the sheer number of people affected in this war doesn't help as well. Helping them all is impossible, especially since similar situations never seem to run out because of this war."

She didn't quite understand, but it's likely because she just doesn't have the full picture. "If that is a problem, why not simply join the army so that the war would end? Your teleporting magic could help assassinate enemy officers and transport troops in great distances with ease. There should be no more refugees if that happens."

"A very martial mindset." he said with a deadpan look. "Putting aside the amount of death that'll still happen, it's not a matter of one side winning or not."

V gave him a curious look at his comment and the man sighed.

"Tell me, do you know why this war started? Why did you declare war on this country?"

"It's because they are our enemy. Monsters and demons that desecrate our country's soil." she replied automatically.

He raised a brow at her answer. "Do you really believe that?"

She glanced at the kids nearby, playing cheerfully with each other with smiles on their faces. The sight of it was alien to her, having never experienced something like a childhood due to her early drafting in the military, but even she knew that the description was false.

"No, I do not." she answered. She knew it wasn't true, but it was her duty to follow orders as a soldier. She never knew the reason for this war nor questioned it. "If that's not it, then what is the real reason?"

"There are many reasons for why this war started, but the main reason… You saw what happened earlier, with the giant robots." he stated, making her nod her head. "The truth is, this war was forced into a stalemate. No matter the advantage one side has, things will eventually return to where both are at the same strength so that it'll continue. This war that had gone on for decades already will stretch on until those responsible are done with it."

The man turned to her, looking her straight in the eye.

"This war serves as the testing ground for those advanced weaponry. An organization manipulated both countries so that they could test their work on active warzones." he revealed. "They're the root cause for all this, and the reason why the war will go on."

As she heard that, the woman's brows furrowed. Then, for the very first time ever since she woke up, her voice slightly wavered in a show of emotion: one filled with incredulity and disbelief, as if what she heard was ridiculous and she struggled to understand it all.

"An organization… used this war as a testing ground…?" she repeated.

"That's right."

"Isn't there a much better way to test it? Why cause a war? What is the point of it?" she asked in confusion.

"There's none. It's just a selfish and cruel choice on an antagonist's part because they don't explore other options, or likely, because this gives them the most profit. The high-ranking officials in both countries seem to be benefiting from this as well. Combine that with the long-standing hate of both sides…" he shook his head. "This shitty world really has it out for this place. And especially to you, a tragic nobody forced into this conflict, that would've died in said place."

As V listened to his explanation, a heavy feeling settled on her chest. She didn't know if Basa was telling the truth, but he had never given her a reason to not trust his words. But if what he was saying is true… she began to feel something that she never really felt for very long. A strange, complicated emotion that she had difficulty understanding, and something that she quashed to keep living. Perhaps she began feeling it because she was no longer part of the army, even if it was just a day or so.

How undisciplined of her. Yet before she could ignore it, Basa spoke.

"You think it's unfair, don't you?" he asked.

She glanced at the man, who simply gave her a steady stare. "It's fine to feel it. It must be difficult to understand, but it's not something you should run away from. You might've had to in the past, to cope with your circumstance… but you don't have to do that anymore." he told her factually. "You're free now. And as I said, you're responsible for what you want."

And so, the words he kept repeating for the past day were once more asked.

"Tell me. What do you want to do?"

Her mouth went dry. She still felt uncertain, but there was something stirring inside her that she didn't think she had, or rather refused to acknowledge: another desire besides wanting to live another day. She brought up a hand to her chest, struggling to understand what it even was.

She was a tool, and tools do not want things. They simply follow orders. She might speak, read, and write like a human, but in the end that is what she was. And that is how she was treated for all her life, until her supposed death.

And yet this person in front of her claimed otherwise.

"I… I want…"

She was free. All her orders are her own, and her life is now in her own hands. That was what he said.

So wishing something on her own like this was fine, right?

"…I want to end all of this."

Why was she even forced into this war? Why was she forced to participate in something like this? All that she'd experienced in her life - all of that was just because of something as ridiculous as testing and selling their weapons?

It was unacceptable.

Perhaps from realizing that - all the feelings, ones that are likely kept in her subconscious from constant repression, sprung out. Feelings that are so hard for her to articulate, but somehow managed to.

"…I want to hold them responsible."

All the pain, the unfairness that she lived through. Why was she treated this way and not them? Why did she have to suffer? Although she could never fully understand, she had an idea of what it means to have a normal life. Why was she denied such a privilege? Was there a difference between her and them?

Her only remaining hand shook, and she had to force herself to keep it steady. It took a great force of will to even say what she wanted, with all her life being denied of it just so that she could survive. It was difficult, but somehow, she managed.

She managed to voice out what she wanted to do the most.

"I… I want to make them pay!" she shouted.

—And so, the woman who had to live without feeling anything finally showed her full emotions for the very first time, telling her deepest desire to the world. The purest wish of someone who had suffered a life of tragedy, and who had experienced the unjustness of the world forthright.

And, in response to it, Basa spoke.

"I was hoping you'd say that." he said. "I'll help you, then."

The man put a hand on her shoulder, stabilizing her from her outburst as she breathed harshly. V stared at him with wide eyes as the man simply gave her a satisfied-looking smile that seemed so dazzling amidst her turbulent emotions.

"Let's make your revenge story, shall we?"

As he said that with a reassuring tone, a stray thought had appeared in her mind.

Perhaps her worries were smaller than she thought.
Last edited: Jan 3, 2025
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Lucky_plucky_ducky, leks and 1,691 others
Skrubchap
Dec 31, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jan 14, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,473
A bit short, but the original plan for chapters in this fic is around ~5K words. So this chapter is perfectly average sized. Don't get caught up in the unrealistic standards set by the world! That's how they get you!

Anyhow, here's the beginning of V's revenge story and the shit that would get caught up in it.


Chapter 20

What does it mean to make a revenge story?

Consider a psychological perspective. Revenge can be understood as an emotional response when a person is felt wronged. One's self-esteem and identity is threatened in the face of injustice due to our innate sense of selfishness. Therefore, the act of taking revenge is seen as the path to restore it.

To take revenge is a means of reaffirming control and proving a sense of self-worth, and doing so will give feelings of satisfaction and relief.

"Hey, there's a woman approaching the camp. That blonde hair looks familiar… "

Although it is different from satisfaction brought upon the accomplishment of solving one's difficulties, it is still another way to activate the rewarding parts of the brain. Hence, it still carries a particular appeal. It can even be described as a unique taste as the satisfaction is muddled by unjust acts that couldn't be changed.

And the greater the injustice, the greater the satisfaction derived from it. But not many people would like to experience such an injustice themselves. So, they turn to stories. Fiction and fantasy where they could immerse themselves in another persona who would experience said events. At such a place, one could run wild and create the worst things a person could experience to feel the greatest high once revenge is achieved.

"W-Wait, she's armed—!"

And to live in a world such as this, where stories are reality, means that such experiences would become truths as well. Thankfully, a world that operates on stories would mean that revenge will be served. It is destined to happen according to the plot, after all.

Although not everyone has that privilege. Some people are unable to do anything about injustices directed to them and simply take it. They live and die, tragically, like the victims they are supposed to take role of - because there has to be someone like that in the world. Even fiction turning into reality cannot make the world into a utopia.

"Why are you losing against her!? Kill her! It's just one person!"

But, if there was a chance… if there was a single chance, that one such person who lived through a life like that would be given the opportunity to take revenge… What would happen?

It was a logical conclusion. As said earlier: the greater the injustice, the greater the satisfaction. And to those that had lived a life of tragedy, the satisfaction is immense. A chance for retribution is all it takes to create a truly cathartic revenge story for a tragic character.

And from there, a proper plot is formed.

"How…? She's not human…!

Thus, the world paved the way on its own towards a path of catharsis. A great momentum is given to the character, making them seem unstoppable. This is because to stop them is the antithesis of what it was trying to make, as lowering the satisfaction the story was supposed to invoke is unacceptable.

Just like that, the world ordained that revenge is fated to happen. There was only a simple division on such a story's characters: the revenge-seeker and the wrongdoers, with the wrongdoers themselves powerless in the face of their former victim.

What simply happens after is poetic justice.

"Monster!"

"No! S-Stay away!"

"Don't shoot—!"

"F-Forgive me…"

But I digress.

In the end, what does it mean to make a revenge story? There was only one answer, if put into context in this world.

It was a complete reversal of one's fate, and a simple case of people getting what they deserved.


Gloomy skies without the hint of daylight, and a near constant drizzle. The atmosphere felt suffocatingly tense as if all hints of hope were snuffed away. It was a scenery that invoked despair and helplessness, a perfect background provided by this world for the particular scenario.

The current location was a military encampment. The place had turned deathly quiet. Once, it was filled with sounds and shouting of soldiers fighting, only to be ended unceremoniously with the voices turning feeble and drowned out by the ambient sound of rain as they died.

The only thing interrupting the sound of the pitter-patter of rain was the panicked running of the remaining soldier - one who had cowered in the largest tent within the camp and hid behind all of his men during the fighting. He was the one who had the highest rank here, a Lieutenant Colonel, but that doesn't matter now that all his men were dead and he was the only one that remained.

What he was now is simply prey, desperately trying to escape from the one chasing him.

"—Gah!"

Unfortunately, he failed to do so. Perhaps by misfortune or simply his weakness, the lieutenant colonel tripped and fell on the ground. That simple mistake took away all chances of his escape. And even as he tried to desperately stand upright, it was too late.

There were sounds of wet footsteps behind him. Hearing that, the lieutenant colonel turned.

There he saw a blonde woman wearing a cloak approaching. He might've shot her by now, but his gun was already destroyed because the same woman shot it from afar earlier with her own firearm, leaving him no choice but to run away. Now, he couldn't even do that.

To him, the blonde woman was someone he recognized. Personally attended to, even. There was no doubt in his head he knew the reason why the woman was doing this. Yet despite all that, in his realization that this might be it, he desperately tried to appeal for his life.

"W-Wait, please, we can talk about this." he begged. "I know I've done a lot of wrong towards you, but please! Please forgive me!"

He was met with silence.

"It's not my fault! I had no way of controlling my men! I would've stopped them, but I had no choice! What was I supposed to do when I was suddenly given an orphaned girl in my unit!? There was nothing that I could do!"

Again, silence.

"I… I was just doing what I could do! All that I've done, I've done it all just to survive!" Perhaps sensing the inevitability of it all, he stopped begging and started to unleash his frustrations. The lieutenant colonel glared at the woman in a manic, hateful gaze. "I'm blameless in this! And you, you've been given food, drink and shelter - way more than an orphan could ever have! And in the end, this is what you do!? So what if we used you!? Something like that… something like that is…!"

The man was unable to finish his words, his mouth unable to articulate whatever he was feeling right now. However, it was unnecessary, as the footsteps finally stopped and he was left looking up at the woman who pointed a pistol at him.

There was not a single word said, not even a hint of acknowledgement. Because whatever the man said in front of her, no matter how he tried to spin his words or give reason for his actions - it didn't matter one bit.

This war, the situation the lieutenant colonel and the others following him found themselves in, muddled the lines of right and wrong. What mattered in their minds was simply selfishness for one's own desire for survival and everything else to keep themselves stable. Something which makes a man callous and commit monstrous acts without guilt.

It was that same selfishness the lieutenant colonel is facing right now. This wasn't an act of justice - it was a selfish act of revenge.

And it is that poetic mirroring that would cost his life.

The trigger is pulled, and the bullet is fired. Three shots in the abdomen, one going through the lung, the other aimed at his center going through the spine. The lieutenant colonel fell on the ground, groaning, and slowly dying a painful death.

V watched him impassively as the light slowly disappeared in his eyes. Then, after a long while, the man finally breathed his last.

And with his death, every soldier in the camp is gone.

There was a long silence that followed.

"…You finally dealt with the main unit you've been with."

V glanced back to where I was positioned to watch her kill the lieutenant colonel, wet from the rain like she was. She simply answered my question with a nod of her head. Observing her for a few moments, I then followed it by glancing at her new appendage.

"Was the arm fine?" I asked.

"It performed splendidly." she replied, flexing her new metal arm. Mechanical actuators moved in conjunction with magical components to make the movement fluid. V stared at her arm thoughtfully, before giving me a slightly unsure look. "…Is it really fine to have this?"

"It's fine. I'm pretty rich anyways." An understatement, considering the stuff I've hoarded my entire life. "I'm more surprised that you took this option instead of just regenerating the arm you lost."

She tilted her head at that. "This arm is stronger and could be outfitted with weapons. It is logical that this is superior to my normal arm. Why shouldn't I pick this one given the option?"

"...I guess that makes sense."

I suppose with her soldier mindset devoid of common sense it would be reasonable. And she wasn't wrong with its effectiveness either. With her new arm her marksmanship improved by eliminating the need to account for physiological tremors, and her strength had tremendously increased to the point where she can punch a person's head clean off their neck without effort.

To be honest this woman was already quite a monster in anything related to combat. Perhaps it was because of her upbringing or just her characterization, but she easily learned how to use her arm in killing people effectively. She even took to learning reinforcement magic like a fish to water after I unlocked her circuits. Perhaps her lack of sense of self contributed to that. Simply thinking oneself as a tool or weapon can go a long way in the setting that magic system comes from, after all.

Anyways, combine all that to the meta-narrative weight of being a protagonist of a revenge plot and, well… the results are clear from the camp we were in, and the others before. It's full of dead bodies now.

Although, we weren't quite finished with our business here just yet. There were still others that remained alive in the camp. The blonde looked at the direction of the place where the remaining living people were, before turning to me.

"Should we go?" she asked curiously.

"I'll let you deal with that." I answered.

Hearing that, the blonde nodded before approaching the place. It was a simple roughshod shed constructed from wood that looked like it'll fall apart from the slightest breeze. It certainly wasn't something you'd trust to shelter in when under enemy fire, but that wasn't its purpose. All it needed was to keep things in.

As V neared the door and pulled the handle - halfway from opening the door, a small figure suddenly sprang out and jumped towards the blonde. The ambush didn't take her by surprise and she was vigilant enough to react accordingly. She avoided the attack before grabbing their arm with her metallic own, before twisting them into a hold.

The child cried out in pain and surprise. His weapon, just a pointy rock, clattered on the ground as his hand reflexively let go of it. It was then that the door to the shed fully opened and revealed what was inside.

Women and children dressed in rags were within the shed. They looked helplessly at V's appearance, but seemed ready to fight in case they needed it despite the resignation present in their eyes, knowing that they have little chance of winning. A fact reinforced judging by their states; they looked barely fed or taken care of despite the soldiers earlier looking relatively fine in comparison.

It was easy to tell what they are, especially when you have an idea of the camp's situation. These women and children were hostages from the villages they raided. They were used as ransom by these soldiers who found themselves deep into enemy territory in order to get supplies.

People do desperate things for their own survival. Some of these soldiers killed could possibly be good people and just accosted into doing things because they have no choice. But even though things are morally gray instead of black and white, these sorts of things tend to lean on one side rather than the other. Especially in a world like this where everything has to have purpose for the sake of story.

And with how my senses registered the traces of substances that clung in the pitiful rags given to the women as clothing, and how there were some small corpses on a dark corner of the shed that were likely not caused by hunger or sickness, gave me an idea on which way these soldiers leaned in.

The hostages stiffened when V grabbed the child into a hold after the failed ambush attempt and hesitated at what to do. That hesitation however quickly turned into confusion when she suddenly let go of the child, who quickly scurried back with the others.

The blonde straightened to look at the hostages. Her blank eyes seemed to mirror theirs, despite the contrast of their appearances. It was ironic given that objectively, the blonde likely suffered more than they did no matter how terrible what had happened here.

Then, she spoke, addressing them all.

"You're all free now." V announced. "You can raid this base's supplies and weapons, if you wish. That should be enough for you to get to your homes."

After saying those words the blonde then turned around and left. Despite what she said, the women and children inside are undoubtedly afraid and doubtful of her, watching V with cautious eyes. They would likely only try to heed her words once we've fully left. And unlike the refugees we've helped from the past few days, there likely wasn't a single word of gratitude that would be given to her.

But the blonde didn't care a single thing about that. This whole operation was made for her own satisfaction after all. Instead she approached me after leaving those hostages alone and, much to my confusion, gave me an expectant look.

"…You did good." I said, after a while of her doing that.

She nodded silently. The expression on her face didn't change a single bit, but I didn't miss the subtle way her eyes brightened.

I sighed. The reasons for her wanting my approval of all things elude me, especially with her messed-up thinking that's likely far from common sense due to her upbringing. And while I can read her mind, I'd like to think that I respect people's privacy where it matters.

And so, leaving it alone, I went ahead and readied to cast a spell. I already added the supplies these hostages would need along with a few luck-bending cantrips which would ensure a safer journey for them once they decided to snoop around and take things from the camp. At this point, things were just about done here.

"Shall we head back, then?" I prompted.

"Yes." the blonde said, stepping right beside me a bit closely. "We shall."


The small cabin in the remote parts of these woods, far away from the active warzones, had become something of a base for us. It's a place where we would return every time we would complete an operation so that the blonde could grow ever closer to her desires, as she had emotionally divulged not too long ago.

Of course, now that we were taking a more active approach, I took the liberty of changing the place to fit our purposes. I originally made it more homely to not alert the blonde when she woke up from her injuries but that's not relevant anymore.

And so, what used to be the dining table was now a table where I put a map of the two countries. Furthermore, it was enchanted to display the state of the troops in real time, making it look like a holographic display. The data I gathered when I was out with V checking out each battlefield helped a lot in making this, along with other things.

The both of us removed our wet cloaks in favor of more comfortable clothing. I was wearing a shirt, while V wore a simple tank top. She was tinkering with her guns, cleaning them after the earlier battle and preparing for the upcoming operation. Meanwhile, I did something else.

I was observing the situation on the map closely. A lot of units in it disappeared, being a target of V's revenge, but this last one would definitely catch attention.

"The lieutenant colonel's unit was feeding information on the movements of their enemies. They're deep in enemy territory, staging guerilla warfare and sowing chaos as much as they can." A notable feat, considering you usually do that in your own territory. The fact that they survived this long is impressive, even if their ways of doing so are heartless. "Their disappearance would definitely warrant attention. And although they weren't as involved, the other units we got rid of might also influence how this war would go… This should be monitored closely."

V tilted her head curiously as she listened to my words. "Why? Is there something to be cautious about?"

I hummed. "Maybe, maybe not. It could just be my paranoia."

While I have encountered plenty of settings and involved myself quite a lot as well, it was always usually small-scale. A conversation here, a monster killed there… It's usually a single event I involve myself in, because that's generally what I only need to affect the whole. I always approach my actions with caution since recklessly involving myself might mess things up and, in the worst case, might cause a world-affecting scenario and bring an end to the current 21st century setting.

But this time… Well, this was a special case. I promised to fulfill the wishes of Miss emotionless blonde here, so it comes first before any possible consequence that might arise. Oh well, I suppose that just means more workload for me. Not the worst problem I've dealt with.

The blonde nodded at my words. "It is always good to be vigilant - being paranoid is a trait of an effective soldier. I always try to be alert at all times in case of an ambush myself. Any surprises will be quickly dealt with."

…With that attitude, I just have this feeling that introducing her to a peaceful setting will go swimmingly well. It really was the right choice to not transport her to my apartment when I saved her. "I see. Anyway, I'm just slightly worried that our actions might affect things in the plot of other settings. You remember how we're exceptions to the rules that divide the world, right? That's what I'm concerned about."

There was a slight pause, before V's eyes brightened as she understood. "Ohh, I see." she said with her tone the slightest bit higher than her usual flat one. "You must think those soldiers that we killed could have a role in some story?"

I smiled at her assessment. "That's right. There's a chance a person there has a significant role and could affect the plot they were in. Although that might also change now, considering they're dead. It could turn the plot for the worse but… considering they're bad people, it likely didn't change much. And they all became the characters in your revenge story, so the world must've at least changed to account for their deaths."

"And the people we've rescued too. It could affect the stories as well." the blonde added. "That means the tragic stories where loved ones die won't happen, correct?"

"Yeah, that too." I agreed with a nod.

She was following along well. As seen by her display of knowledge, I had started to explain to her how the world works piece by piece. It was clearly challenging because of her upbringing, having no knowledge of any fictional stories aside from the most common children ones, much less those stories filled with anime tropes that are nonsensical without context, but nevertheless I did my best. And judging by how she followed my thoughts, I think I did a decent job.

How did I do it, one might ask?

V's lips curved ever-so-slightly upward indicating she was pleased at my compliment and being proven right. Then, she gave me a look that showed an excited gleam in her eyes.

"Will you tell me more of your stories that you encountered? They are very interesting."

—Of course, the explanations involved telling her some of the plots I've encountered to give her an idea of the tropes in this world, along with what sort of life people lived in outside of the constant war. It was something that she never had herself and she was understandably fascinated by it. I would've found it cute if it wasn't so sad as well.

And normally, I would have entertained her request seeing her excitement, but as of now…

I shook my head. "Sorry, maybe next time. We might not have the time for it." the blonde's expression turned blank at that. She nodded obediently, but I didn't need to see emotions on her face to know that she was disappointed. "I'll make it up for you later. But for now, I think you'd be more interested in having this."

I took out the small decorated box from my pocket before extending it to her. The blank expression on the woman's face was wiped away in favor of a curious look.

"What is it?" she asked, taking it. Then, she read the fine cursive label on the decorated box. "'A gift to Miss V, from Rias'..." she muttered. "This is one of the people who turned meta like us, correct?"

"Yeah, she is. Rias and the others have been wanting to meet you, but couldn't because of other circumstances." That, and they also seem to understand that dealing with V's situation requires… finesse, so to speak. And they all agreed to dump that responsibility to me. "As for what's inside, I don't know. I didn't check."

She nodded silently before slowly opening the box. Then, when the contents were revealed, the blonde blinked.

It was a red-colored ribbon. Simple in design, yet the material is clearly made of fine silk and linen that belied how valuable it must've cost to make. There was also a note inside where a personalized message from Rias was written. I definitely recognize it from her handwriting.

'This definitely goes great with your hair! Try it on!'

The blonde took one look at the note, then at the ribbon. There was a strange look on her face. I've become quite familiar with her mannerisms as of late and I recognized this one: it was the look where she couldn't quite understand what to feel, emotionally repressed as she was.

"This is…" she muttered.

"Why don't you put it on like she said?" I prompted her.

She looked uncertain, but nodded in the end. V took the ribbon from the box and, after a slight hesitation on what to do, decided to tie her hair in a simple ponytail. When she finished and brought her hands down, I was left with a pretty sight.


Spoiler

Looks like Rias was spot on with her pick.

"It suits you." I said sincerely.

The blonde squirmed as I said that, the same uncertain expression appearing in her face. "T-Thank you." she said, stuttering slightly and displaying more emotion for the first time in a while. Then, she gave me a concerned look. "Is it fine for me to have this…" she paused, as if trying to place an unfamiliar word. "Gift?"

I gave her a smile. "Why shouldn't it? It's a gift."

"I see." she muttered, her hand touching the ribbon on her hair as she said so. "Then… Please extend my thanks to Miss Rias. It is beautiful."

"I will. She'll definitely be happy to hear that you liked it." I said as the blonde continued to marvel at the simple ribbon. "Moving on, I think it's time to discuss the next steps of our plan. It'll take a while though, so we can discuss it while we're having a late lunch."

With a wave of my hand, I took something out from my subspace and placed it on the table. It was a largely packed bento, fresh and hot as if it was just placed there after being cooked. The blonde's eyes locked to it immediately.

"Aoki cooked these ones like usual, but Yuki helped out as well." I explained. The latter helped because she also wanted to contribute, but thought that sending two gifts was a bit much like the considerate drama character that she was. "They said these should be extra delicious. Apparently they tried to use techniques in some of the cooking-related stories out there."

And the statement is likely true, considering the divine smell it exuded. I've had the honor of tasting meals made from those cooking stories and they're always incredibly delicious. The thought of tasting it once again is definitely tempting.

Clearly, V also thought the same. She took her utensils and quickly began eating, stuffing her face in great speed that definitely would be a standard from now on. Not like I judged her - I was pretty much the same.

The hearty meal was enjoyed, and it was great to see the life that was injected into this emotionless blonde, even if it was little by little.

…And along with it, we started the preparations that we needed to do.

It was about time to make the major moves after all.


…A few hours after, once the sun disappeared and gave way into night, a certain military gala was being held within the country's capital.

Much like any other gatherings held by those in power, it was luxurious to showcase the great station of those attending. The prepared feast, the decorations, and the servants within the venue - it all showed that a vast amount of fortune was spent, contrasting heavily to the poor state of the nation beyond.

Or, in a very likely manner, it simply showed where the money was really being spent: Into the pockets of political parasites that the country calls its government. With the people themselves being left rotten and destitute, surviving from the scraps of the elite.

Various people attended the event. Everywhere one looked, one could see men and women wearing suits or gowns. There was an occasional military uniform showing an officer with a high background, their vests decorated with badges of honor that likely served no purpose or something they didn't really deserve.

All the people here were clearly politicians. This made the gala itself the most deplorable place in the country.

And the young man forced to come here couldn't feel more out of place.


Spoiler

He was asked to wear a high-quality three-piece ensemble instead of his usual bodysuit, one that he wore whenever he was asked to fight in his armored mech. His purpose here wasn't to complete some operation and fight in the war. Instead, he was here as a display meant to be lauded and paraded, so that those he worked under would achieve their own ends.

The head researcher came here to emphasize the contributions the armored mechs had given to the war. Showing off a pilot of said mechs is an effective way to do so. As the squad leader, he was dumped with the dubious honor to be the person attending. While he didn't like it, it wasn't like he would refuse and potentially make someone else in his unit come here instead. And it's not like he could refuse orders anyway.

Right now he was alone since his role as a conversation starter finished, and now he was asked to mill about while the head researcher and his tagalongs conversed with the military general and other higher officers. He was clearly catching the eyes of the guests around, but no one would strike a conversation with him. They simply looked at him in slight interest before going on their way, concerned more in pursuing their own ends to further their hedonistic lives.

After all, he was simply a soldier among the presence of elites. A peasant like him wasn't worth talking to.

The young man clenched his teeth in distaste and resignation. He did his best to reign in his anger, trying not to glare at those around him. He knew that eyes were all around him, but despite that it took a titanic effort to do so.

These were people he and other pilots were fighting and even died for. People who don't care less, who wouldn't even bat an eye if they bled or were killed. These were people who reaped the benefits of the war others were fighting, parasites that enjoy a lavish life while others suffered for them. Yet despite all that, they carried the attitude as if they were superior.

It was disgusting, sickening even.

And he knew that he couldn't do a single thing about it.

…He was clearly getting carried away. These were treasonous thoughts.

The young man exhaled to center himself and he continued to simply roam around just so that he wouldn't appear like some abandoned child in the corner. At least this way, he could avoid getting involved further in the head researcher's conversations if he distanced himself. And since others wouldn't converse with him, then it's all the better.

There was no point in harboring such things when he knew that it wouldn't mean anything in the end. Resignation was a familiar feeling, but at least it meant that he was still alive. All that mattered was to live for another day and hope that maybe, maybe things would be better after… even though the hope grows dimmer and dimmer, each passing day.

As he roamed around, he tried to think of other matters to get things off his mind. As he did so however, he stumbled upon a strange sight.

There was a guest seated on a table alone. It was a man around his own age or maybe older, one with passing similarity to him in skin tone but differed on their blonde hair as opposed to his own white. He was drinking a glass of wine serenely, even as other guests seemed to avoid him.

The young man frowned as he looked closely. That person was a foreigner, and that perhaps was enough of a reason why those politicians would avoid him, but he didn't know what he was and why he would be attending this gala. He was the only young person to attend this place, or at least that was what he thought.

Who was he? Another pilot like him? He didn't recognize this person from others that he'd worked with, and he certainly wasn't in his unit. Or maybe it was different. He could just be a representative from an organization in another country. He was sure the head researcher collaborated with other corporations from time to time.

…In the end though, it wasn't his business. So, after what simply appeared to be a passing glance from the outside, he walked past the man like the others around him.

"You look quite angry."

But then the man spoke something that made him stop in his tracks. He carefully looked at the man, who didn't even turn in his direction and simply kept swirling the wine glass in his hand. There was no doubt however that he was the person being addressed.

"Pardon, sir?" he asked politely. "Are you referring to me?"

"Who else could I be referring to? The others here are too absorbed living a life of luxury." he answered. "I suppose it's understandable for you to be angry. You and others with you are fighting in the frontlines, while the rest of these people are just partying. Worse still, these are the sort of people dictating the course of the war. Finding it unacceptable is an understatement."

His heart stopped when those statements were said so brazenly out in the open. Who was he to say that without worry? Thankfully the other guests didn't seem to hear, judging how they were still being ignored. Otherwise, they would've definitely homed in on them—interacting with a peasant, foreigner, or no.

"…I do not know what you are talking about." he said, trying to hide his panic.

The man let out a smile as if amused by his attempt of acting clueless. "There's no need to worry about that. Nobody would deign to listen to us." he reassured.

"I see." he muttered, looking at the man with caution. Whoever this person is, it's someone that he'd rather not be caught associating with. "I apologize, but I'm a bit busy." he said with a fake apologetic voice. "I'd like to excuse myself if you wouldn't mind—"

"Are you satisfied with the way things are, Orga? Is this the life you envisioned with your sworn brother?"

With a flinch, Orga fully turned to face the man with wide-eyes. "What? How…?"

The blonde foreigner remained calmly seated like he always was, as if he hadn't just said something he shouldn't have known. Orga's evaluation of him steadily grew more and more dangerous by the second as his mind raced, trying to settle on possible explanations on how he knew such things, and he watched him cautiously when the man brought down the wine glass on the table.

"Have I finally caught your attention?" he asked rhetorically.

Orga narrowed his eyes at him. "…Who are you?"

He shook his head at that. "My name isn't important. " he simply answered. "You wouldn't know me even if I told you anyway."

Then, after wiping his hands with a napkin and putting that down on the table as well, he stood up from his seat. It was then that he realized that this man was taller than him and powerfully built too. Orga tensed, watching him in case of any sudden movements.

"What matters is the role I play here." the man continued.

Orga's brows furrowed. "And what is that supposed to be?"

The man shrugged, before looking at his direction - Or rather, somewhere behind him. He might've wondered what this person was looking at, but the next thing that came out of his mouth stopped him from doing so.

"Just someone assisting a person that wants to end a war."

It took a moment for Orga to even register what he said. His eyes widened, but before he could even react to it, the sudden sound of glass shattering made him reflexively turn around - right in the direction the man was looking at from behind him.

And there he saw the head researcher falling to the floor, along with his other colleagues and the military officers he was conversing with. There was a shocked silence within the gala as everyone turned the fallen bodies, already pooling blood from the sudden holes that appeared on their heads.

Then the panic started.

"A-Assassin!"

"Someone was shot!"

"E-Evacuate! Evacuate now!"

Orga couldn't believe his eyes. As the gala quickly turned into chaos, he could only stare in shock at the sight of the head researcher along with the other high military officers being dead. It was an incongruous sight that he didn't even think was possible.

All those powerful people that he had considered untouchable all his life… they're just gone, their lives snuffed in an instant. Not even a trace of their absolute power was found in their hollow-eyed corpses, mortality stripping them of any self-imposed importance.

—And there was one person here that was undoubtedly involved in this.

He quickly turned back around to the mysterious man and realized that he was nowhere to be found. Orga tried to look for him, swivelling his head across the place, and he spotted a glimpse of the man's blonde hair amidst the crowd before he disappeared in the chaos as he walked away.

With clenched teeth, Orga quickly tried to find a way to catch up. He looked around trying to find a fast route where he wouldn't be swallowed by the panicking crowd... but something else caught his attention instead. One that, for some reason, his instincts honed into.

On the table where the man sat was a napkin he put down earlier. But observing it closely clearly showed that it wasn't just a simple napkin he used to clean himself with. The stains, or what looked like it, were too orderly and arranged.

He approached the table and picked it up. There weren't any stains on the napkin. It was writing.

And written there were precise coordinates and a time.

"Pilot Orga! What the hell are you doing!?" A voice suddenly interrupted his thoughts. It was the security with the now-deceased head researcher, giving him a glare even as he kept a cautious eye on his surroundings. "Hurry up and leave immediately!" he shouted.

In a swift movement that would've been missed by the security guard, he pocketed the napkin. Then, internally resolving himself to memorize the contents before destroying it as fast as possible, he gave a nod to the guard.

"Yes, sir." he said obediently.

With that, Orga left the premises, his mind in great turmoil as he did so. Even now, he tried to make sense of what happened. From what that strange man had said about stopping the war to the sudden death of the head researcher, it all just seemed to breed more questions instead of answers the more that he thought about it.

There was one thing that he was sure of, though.

From this point on… things are never going to be the same.
Last edited: Jan 23, 2025
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Lurker Below, adamasx and 1,457 others
Skrubchap
Jan 14, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Feb 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,571
Apologies for the longer wait, I got busy with the new semester. Now, this chapter comes to the next stage after crippling the heads of the country as well as interacting with the pilots. Hope you enjoy reading!


Chapter 21

Far from the chaos of war between certain two countries, in the open seas of their territories, an unassuming freighter that operated within the contested waters and cruised under a starless night sky.

It was a rust bucket of a cargo ship that looked poorly maintained that it was only useful in being scrapped, yet for some insane reasoning it was still judged as seaworthy. In its rusted deck where a single cut might lead to tetanus, armed guards patrolled to and fro, taking watch for potential pirates or other ships. It was clear, however, from their unkempt appearances and lack of discipline that they were being awfully casual about the whole thing.

None of the two countries locked in war would let a single ship in their navy operate this way. It was because these people aren't proper soldiers. Nor part of their army at all.

They were smugglers; criminals making use of the war to further their own ends.

"…Hey, look at this. Apparently the general of the country we were just in got assassinated. Said that an assassin got into their capital and killed 'em."

And further in the cargo ship, inside one of the many small cabins, a man who sat down reading a newspaper began to talk to his colleague as they rested after their own shift. His colleague, who was taking a smoke break, glanced at him before puffing his cigarette with a bored expression.

"Yeah, so?" he replied. "Couldn't care less."

"Course you'd think that. If you don't know, this sort of shit changes the war. And not in a good way either. I should know - I used to work with terrorists." the man with the newspaper said. "Things are gonna be chaotic to say the least."

"Again, how does that matter? More business for us."

"Say that again when they start adding more ships here at sea. We were lucky that security is pretty much nonexistent here and we can go in and out without trouble. Now, that might just change since things might get heated." the man replied with a shake of his head. "I just know our bosses are probably sweating buckets at this."

There was a pause from his colleague, before he spoke once more. "…There's probably no need. Heard that we're set to go back. The ship's full now, apparently."

The man looked at him in surprise. "Huh? We are?"

A shrug. "You saw those heavy equipment earlier, didn't you? Apparently some haul was found last minute. Said they were pretty important too." he answered. "Pretty hefty though. Heard the bosses got angry when they had to leave some wares 'cause the ship got too heavy."

"What wares? Don't tell me…"

"Just the ones that don't pay as much." his colleague reassured. "Things that get taxed high, stuff like that. Didn't touch the drug stash and the weapons…" he smiled. "And of course, none of our 'rescuees' either."

The man let out a laugh at the last part. It was a horrible sound, one that betrayed sadistic amusement. "Some of them still believe that, you know? What a joke. They'd be in for a surprise when they finally realize we're selling them off."

His colleague cracked a smirk, letting out another puff of smoke as he did so.

"You'd think they'd be suspicious when we're offering a ride for free, but I guess this war made them desperate to just get out of here. Even if it meant being trafficked out." he commented. "Think the situation is sinking in for them at this point, though. You can see it in their faces."

"Really? Guess that's why the girl I was doing earlier was glaring at me the whole time."

His colleague looked at him with an amused expression. "What was that? You know that you can't dirty those products right? Those women are probably going to get sent to be married by some rich guy or something. We can't sell used goods."

"Hahaha, as if you all don't do the same. This batch had some real pretty ladies in it. Very different from the usual people that we get."

"Can't deny that. They're a pretty lively bunch though." his colleague said with a gravelly chuckle. "You know just the other day, some kid cursed me? Said something about some grim reaper coming to kill us all. Really believed it too. Laughed at the kid's face so much when I fucked her sister in front of her."

The man paused after hearing that. "Hm? Now that you mentioned it, I think I heard something similar too… What a superstitious lot. Wonder where they got that from?"

"You know how backwater these countries can get. It's probably some legend in their village or something."

"Probably." the man replied, going back to reading his newspaper again. "Or probably not. You know, I heard some legends pop up in my time fighting in a war myself. Mostly strange things… This sounds like one of them."

"Yeah, yeah. Can't stop bragging about fighting in a war, huh? All the boys on the ship know that already."

"Shut up, will ya? As I was saying, that sounds like one of those kinds of legends. Some have some truth in them, but most are just bullshit people make up to cope with things. They probably heard it in passing from soldiers or something."

"You're seriously getting worried about that?"

The man shrugged. "Hey, being paranoid saved my life more times than I can count. Still, maybe I'd worry about it if I was fighting out there but… well, we're in the middle of the damn ocean."

He chuckled, the sound accompanying the rustle of him turning a page from the newspaper.

"I'd love to see the grim reaper swim to get here on this ship. So even if it's somehow true that they exist, there's no way they'd get here." he commented with mirth. "Not that I really believe what they're saying is true, though. You get me?"

"…"

The man frowned at the sudden silence. Expecting to see a judgemental expression on his colleague's face from what he said, the man looked away from his newspaper and turned around.

"Hey, what's with the—"

However, anything he might've spoken remained unsaid as his voice faltered, dying midway. The man's eyes widened when he saw a sight that he didn't expect, but no less made his hair stand on its end.

His colleague, living and breathing just a few seconds prior, was now on the ground bleeding from his neck. He slumped down on the wall with a hand on his neck, choking uselessly and decorated it with his blood, with confusion, pain, and panic in his eyes as he was suddenly met with his impending death.

And standing right in front of him was something unknown.

The man could barely even comprehend what he was looking at. His eyes seemed to slide off when he looked as if his body knew that he shouldn't be staring at it. Yet, in the mere flash where he managed to even perceive its form, the man recognized what looked like a cloaked figure. A figure that was looking in his direction, facing him with a face of jet-black darkness underneath the hood of its cloak.

The man couldn't understand what it was. It was beyond what he could do. But, the one thing that he knew was that his death was coming - and with that realization, he knew what the identity of this thing in front of him was.

It was the Grim Reaper.

Before the man could even scream in terror, before he could call for help, or even regret his earlier words of doubt - he barely perceived the being of death reaching out to him, grabbing him in a blink of an eye.

Then, after the pure agony of his neck being slashed open and drowning in his own blood…

The man died.



I followed after the emotionless blonde, teleporting in the room just as she had finished disposing of the two men inside. V expertly used her knife to slash their necks, spilling blood on the floor and walls. It's all quite messy but at least they died gurgling in their own blood unable to scream and alert the others around.

Those two were marked for death, and the world seems to have acknowledged it considering the flag one of them raised before we arrived. I haven't removed the memories of those who witnessed V's bloodbath (or more specifically, those she wasn't targeting and saved in the process) seeing that the genre divide will sort it on its own. Her actions also definitely altered the tragic plots out there and letting V remain in their memories could potentially change the direction of their stories overall. But considering the nature of tragic plots, changing it is better than letting the original plot happen at all.

Anyhow I judged it was more beneficial to just let it go. Predictably, it looks like it turned into something of a legend. If there was one thing that proliferated during war times, it was that.

But to call her 'Grim Reaper', huh…? I suppose it fits. This woman has been leaving dead bodies everywhere she went after all. And the cloak certainly gives off an impression.

"Area clear. Let's proceed to the next one."

The emotionless blonde softly muttered those words, moving towards the door of the cabin with a calm expression on her face. I quietly trailed after her as we exited the room and went further into the cargo ship's hull.

The goal was to quickly neutralize all the armed criminals in this ship as quickly as possible and capture the ship. Using the information obtained from spying the place with some animal familiars, we can utilize my teleportation abilities so we could enter from the hull with a presence concealment spell to avoid the detection of those in watch. Then we would move on to eliminate them all before they even manage to realize there are enemies boarding them.

V contributed quite a lot in forming that plan, just as she had in the past when dealing with her transgressors. I keep being surprised by this woman really - her potential really was stifled by being a tragic character. She may be limited when it comes to being human, but she's undeniably a good soldier with a knack for strategy and a lifetime of experience in warfare.

Anyway, how she went about this operation is certainly a contrast to my usual brute-force approach… which just usually involved my vast amount of out-of-context abilities that the current genre or setting couldn't deal with. I mean, I might be able to create a bounded field or something that will make the enemies kill themselves for us, but I'd rather not spend time, effort, or resources for something like that. While doing that is faster, I can't deny it's much smoother done this way.

And so, as we silently and quickly traversed the halls, we stumbled upon a group of armed guards loitering about. From our presence concealment they couldn't even spot us, and V unholstered her pistol with her metallic arm and began to shoot.

The gun didn't even make a peep even when it fired. A truly silent gun, modified by yours truly, along with a few other things to make it deadly. The bullet hit one of the guard's head and the man died instantly, his brains spilling on the wall beside him.

"Wha—!?"

The others with the now-dead man reacted in shock. They weren't able to respond to it however as more bullets followed and killed them as well. V brought the gun down but didn't holster back her weapon, and we kept moving.

The next group was similarly killed, dying with a bullet to the head. So did the next one. But by the third encounter, we encountered a particularly large group and a few dove off for cover before V could shoot them, meaning that I had to move and assist.

"Shit, shit! Call for help!"

In a great burst of speed I dashed to where they were. I turned my presence concealment off to take them by surprise. It was effective, and they all looked at me with wide eyes since from their perspective, it looked like I appeared behind their cover out of nowhere.

I grabbed the arm of the one reaching for the transceiver on his waist and kneed him on the stomach, my reinforced limbs hurting his mundane body quite easily, and he fell down in pain clutching his abdomen with a pained groan. Then I followed it by punching the remaining two men right in their jaws in a single fluid movement. Their eyes rolled up and they flopped to the ground bonelessly.

Seeing that, V didn't hesitate and followed it by shooting them in their heads when she neared. Brutal, but mercy was only given to those that deserve it. And these people are textbook one-dimensional villains from what I've been seeing.

Anyway, they're dead before one of them managed to call for help… not that it mattered really. I brought a jammer with us, so they couldn't alert others even if they managed to use the transceiver.

We moved once more. Eventually we eliminated quite a lot of the men posted inside the hull and those patrolling up on the ship's deck as well. Then, we got rid of those up on the ship's bridge. I stopped the ship on its course with the controls, letting it drift aimlessly at sea instead.

Perhaps those remaining might have noticed the ship suddenly stopping along with the lack of usual communication, but it had only been a few minutes. By the time they fully notice that there was something strange going on for them, we're already onto them.

There was only one place left to take care of anyway.

"…Looks like we'd have to be careful here."

The last location was a place where a lot of people were concentrated considering its purpose. It was the storage area where plenty of guards were on standby, keeping an eye out on their wares. It made sense for them to be cautious when protecting their sold products. We observed them up on a catwalk on an upper deck overseeing the whole area, and jumping down can get us there.

I eyed one of the many particular cargo containers that caught my attention. On the outside, it didn't look that much different from the others. But if one were to notice the way the guards took watch of them and have an actual look inside, then it's easy to realize what it was.

They were trafficking people. And from what I could see, they're likely refugees too. Not that it surprised us at all anyway - we had an idea of what the ship was carrying before boarding and the two men we killed earlier had just confirmed it. Still, it would be bad if they got hurt in the crossfire or get used as hostages, or something along those lines.

V nodded at my statement, looking over the guards with a critical eye. I can tell she was planning the way she engaged them in a way that ensures utmost efficiency.

"They'd have to be eliminated quickly." she quietly said, coming to the same conclusion as I did. "I will need to draw their fire as well. Otherwise I would risk those people in the containers."

Hearing her unspoken request, I grabbed her shoulder and lifted the presence concealment spell I casted on her. "There. You should be noticeable again." I told her, before giving her a light smile. "Go get them, soldier."

She gave me a thankful nod before reinforcing her limbs and jumping into the fray. The blonde landed in the middle of the entire storage area with a heavy thud, making every head turn to her direction no matter what they were doing. Their eyes widened in disbelief at the sight of a cloaked figure coming out of nowhere.

One of the men nearest to her stood up from his seat. "Who in the hell—?"

His brains were blown out of his head before he could finish his sentence. The others, seeing this, reacted quickly and brought up their guns to aim at her.

Before their fingers even managed to pull the trigger she darted into the cover of one of the containers. It was one that stored drugs from what I could see, not where those trafficked refugees are. In fact, she moved to make their guns aim away from those containers as much as possible.

The amount of guns aimed at her didn't pin her down. In fact, she used it to her advantage. She jumped into one particular group of gunners much to their surprise, and the normally insane action contributed to others around them hesitating to continue spraying their bullets since they could potentially shoot their allies.

The woman quickly dispatched the group. Grabbing the arm of one man that stopped him from shooting, she then twisted around him and fired her pistol in quick succession to kill the other two around her. Then, in a single fluid movement, the hold she locked the man in transitioned into a throw - her mechanical arm and reinforced body giving her enough strength to do so.

The men around watched in horror as the man flew in the air screaming - before it was gruesomely cut short when he struck the wall, splattering on it bloodily before slowly sliding down on the ground. He didn't get back up.

"M-Monster!" one man shouted before getting jumped on by V, who lifted him on the neck with her mechanical arm as well. The man struggled desperately but died when the woman used him as a shield from bullets coming on her way.

She dropped him on the ground lifeless. Then, she moved on to the others.

"Damn it! Who is that!? What is that!?"

"Call for backup! Alert the others!"

"N-Nobody's answering!"

"What do you mean nobody's—! Wait, no! S-Stay away!"

"God, help us…!"

And so, the soldier went about her rampage. Her enemy's pleas went unheard as she reaped their lives, in accord to her newfound title. But no matter what they tried to do they were helpless to it all.

It was like watching an action movie, except that there were no stakes involved at all. It was the consequence of mixing unrealistic action abilities to a normally realistic setting; an absolute curbstomp where no one can even hope to defeat the character, and the enemies are absolutely decimated with intense gore to match.

It was fascinating in the way one couldn't look away from a car crash. It took one's attention, giving them a clear reminder of mortality. It was so very different from shounen which, despite the copious amount of blood that comes out in fights, almost seems kid-friendly in comparison to the viscerality I was witnessing now.

…Still, there was a time for reflecting about such things. Now would not be one of them.

I could see the flow of the fight, even if just a few seconds had passed when the V started. While the guards were getting killed left and right there were still quite many around. As said by the blonde earlier, we needed to deal with these guys quickly. While she may have drawn their fire, the longer the engagement the greater the risk of those trafficked refugees being hurt.

"Looks like I need to assist again." I muttered in thought before reaching in my subspace.

I think I have the appropriate tool for the situation considering the amount of firearms present. My hand grasped a familiar weapon, bringing it out for the first time in a while.

It was a simple pistol.

The handgun used to be a Colt 1911 model that I snatched from somebody long ago, but with the modifications I added to it the firearm was more definitely than that now. Carrying it in my grip gave me a nostalgic feeling, like remembering a lost part of myself. Or maybe I was just being dramatic.

Guns are something that I utilized quite a lot in my early days when I didn't have the vast amount of abilities that I have now. I usually forgo these weapons and use magic instead. Mostly because it's more convenient. Still, they find their use from time to time.

Kind of like right now.

I outstretched my arm, aiming the gun with a steady hand. However, I wasn't really aiming at any person in particular. Instead, I activated a particular ability of the gun that I used when I needed to deal with large amounts of mooks in a short time.

A portal appeared in front of the barrel. And unseen by the rest aside from the emotionless blonde, the portals that acted as its other end opened.

It was a kaleidoscoping ability that aimed at every enemy I located in a limited area. The portals themselves are positioned randomly, utilizing the nature of those outside of the supernatural genre where they wouldn't notice it. But no matter what position though, it was all aimed at their heads.

It was a single headshot aimed for all.

I pulled the trigger, and the gun fired.

"—!?"

The effect was immediate - the remaining gunners that weren't killed by V had their heads blown off by a bullet. Blood and gray matter decorated the floor, containers, and walls. Then, all bodies simultaneously fell down to the ground like something out of a scripted play.

The blonde, after finishing off the man she held on a headlock by shooting her gun point blank, stopped in surprise at what happened.

I went ahead and joined her in the storage area. She glanced at me, before understanding colored her face as she realized I was the one that did it. Her expression then transitioned into a frown.

"…I took too long." she muttered, disappointment for herself clear.

"No, you did good." I reassured. "You're definitely better than most considering you just learned magic recently and you still did all this. I just wanted to help you, that's all."

She blinked. "Really?"

"Really."

She digested that before nodding her head, looking a bit brightened at my compliment. I felt slightly surprised at how fast she believed that but I suppose it's to be expected. While tragic stories have some drama in them, V's setting has the drama focused more on external conflicts as opposed to introspections.

It's good that there's no misunderstandings. That made her easier to deal with than the heroine. If it was Yuki then she'd probably spend quite a while brooding… although she was getting better at that recently, at least.

I moved to pat her head when I passed and she stiffened. It was just a short thing, not even a few seconds. Then, I dropped it and moved to the cargo containers, where the trafficked refugees were likely in fear and wondering what was happening.

"Let's go and help some people, shall we?" I said, turning to the blonde with a smile.

V was still standing there, stunned.

I blinked at her reaction, but before I could speak, she managed to recover from the fugue she was in. I might've wondered what the problem was, but the reason for it was quickly made apparent as the blonde turned to me and - for the very first time ever since I met her - had a bit of color on her face.

It couldn't be quite called a blush, but it was there.

"R-Right." she stuttered before walking past me in a stiff manner. "Let's do it."

I watched her with a blank expression.

…Maybe I should be careful with patting heads from now on.



When we opened the cargo containers holding the trafficked refugees, we were predictably met with fear and caution similar to how the hostages treated V a while ago - that is, when she got rid of the main unit she was in that was led by the lieutenant colonel. Understandable, since hearing people scream and dying horribly when you have no idea what's going on outside would make anyone paranoid.

Fortunately, unlike that time with the hostages, no one attempted to attack us. Although it's also likely because their attention was focused on the dead bodies around the storage area and feared the consequence of attempting to do it, as opposed to any real consideration on their part.

Strangely, there were some that looked at us with recognition… or rather, our appearances. These people probably were familiar with the Grim Reaper stories associated with us. Still, while the stories must have portrayed us on the good side, they remained cautious.

And so the trafficked refugees simply stared at both V and myself; two suspicious-looking figures that covered themselves underneath a cloak, and who massacred an entire ship's worth of criminals leaving not a single one alive. They stared at us in bated breath, wondering who we were. Asking themselves why we were here.

Waiting for the other shoe to drop.

I couldn't leave the task of speaking to them on V. After all, she had a role to play for our entire plan. Something as insignificant as this - it was a task more suited to the likes of me.

With that in mind I stepped up. Adjusting my body language to something harmless, I went in front to address them all. Some tensed for a second as I approached but otherwise did nothing.

"Apologies for the late arrival, but we have come here to rescue all of you." I began with a firm, but careful tone. "Every criminal on this ship is dealt with. You're all free from them - there's no longer any need to be trafficked by them in order to escape your wartorn country. Not anymore."

The combination of body language and tone of voice tailored to be as affable as possible by some bullshit martial arts that puts the manipulations of Yuki's sister to shame, and along with my words, clearly had a great effect on lowering their guard. Tense postures slowly eased as I spoke, and the refugees looked at me with something akin to hope in their eyes.

"I imagine this ship doesn't give any good memories to you all, so we can get all of you out of the place using a different boat. All of you would just simply need to travel with my colleagues there." I pointed to the side, opening a portal there as I did. "With them, you'll get out of this place in no time. It travels much faster than this ship anyway."

When they witnessed the portal open I had casted a hypnosis spell simultaneously. Their eyes glazed for a second before it disappeared. When the hypnosis ended they didn't question the portal, their minds perceiving it as another boat beside the ship or something.

The portal itself was connected to a coast of a neighboring country and there, a standby clone of mine prepared everything else they needed. In their perspective they would just ride the boat and they'd be dropped there. The rest that comes after is up to them - but they're at least out of danger.

"This… this isn't a trick, is it?" one of them muttered, their hopes tempered by their previous mistake. "How do we know you're telling the truth?"

"The dead bodies around you and the fact all of you remain alive are enough proof. If we're after money for trafficking people as slaves or selling their organs, then we could've left some of these criminals alive as well. We're certainly capable, as you might've heard by their screams and begging for mercy earlier." I said bluntly.

I could spout some rhetoric about justice and stuff like that, but these people don't need it. And they wouldn't want that either. Things like that belong to a different genre. In here, grim reality checks carry more influence.

And I could see my words getting through them. They considered the dead bodies with thought, mulling my words. Staring at the dead bodies clearly made them uncomfortable, although there's also a general feeling of schadenfreude with it considering how they suffered under their captors.

That might be enough to convince them. However, I wasn't done.

"If that is not enough, then I will tell you our main purpose here." I continued. "Truthfully, rescuing all of you is just a bonus. The fact that all of you are here is a lucky coincidence."

Frame the scenario as simply a side benefit, as making our main goal to save them would make it suspicious. After all, why would saving a bunch of nobodies be in our priority? These people couldn't offer anything and they knew that. Nothing, except themselves.

"Hijacking this ship and using it as our base of operations is what we wanted. We have some use for it. It was being used by these smugglers however, so we got rid of them."

In front of all these people, I can gauge the general reaction of those around. A majority were looking hopeful after hearing that they had a ticket out of their hell. However, I can see that there are some that simply looked tired and empty, even as the prospect of arriving at a safe place was guaranteed.

As many are the people who try to get to safety with their loved ones, there were just as many who had their lives upturned with their precious people taken away from them, left with nothing and only moving just to survive. I doubt that even when arriving at a safe place they would live a fulfilling life with their pasts haunting them.

"As for why we saved you instead of getting rid of you like everyone else? Simple. It's because it aligns with what we want."

And to these people, I stared at each of them straight in the eye.

"That is to say, we want to stop this war and deal with those who are responsible for it."

Bodies stiffened at my words and gazes snapped to me.

While every single person was already listening to me right now, being one of their supposed saviors and all, the moment I said those words I had gained their undivided focus. Why wouldn't they, when I said something they hadn't expected at all?

What I spoke of was something that appealed deep in their hearts. A wish unsaid, buried deep within themselves to focus more on the important things, and something that they don't think is possible and would only likely remain as a dream.

Not until now.

"This is an invitation: to those who have a score to settle, to those who want to save people left behind, to those that want to take revenge, to those that want to uphold their own duty and morals… or to those that don't have anyone or anything left waiting for them. We extend our hand towards you all, and implore you to join us to our cause."

I bowed my head slightly.

"However, we are not forcing you to do this. So please, if you want to leave then feel free to do so. We will still do our best to help you." I said, gesturing again to the portal. "This decision is in your hands."

My words were met with silence.

There was hesitation as they digested my words. Clearly, it had a great effect on them. They also likely have plenty of questions in their minds about our goals and how we intend to achieve them. However, they couldn't be answered because there are other things to prioritize.

And so a decision was made. One person went through the portal, followed by another. Then, more and more continued to choose to go to safety - most of these being the people who had loved ones remaining to protect. I couldn't blame them for making the choice. In fact, I actually supported them doing that.

I watched in silence as the last one went through the portal… before turning to the rest.

The ones who chose to be left behind. Out of about two hundred or so refugees, there were only around fifty left.

"…It seems that you all decided to stay. Are you truly sure of this choice?"

My question was answered with unsure looks and hesitant expressions. I expected that. After all, no realistic person wouldn't be feeling doubt at throwing away the prospect of safety after experiencing hell once more. Even worse, fighting in it as an active participant.

But these people - these brave, strong people who had endured so much - remained rooted on the spot. All for the sake of a cause they believe is worth fighting for.

And they're perfect for what we need for the next step.

"Very well." I said with a smile, before turning to V who was watching silently. "Then, it seems that we have some new recruits, my glorious leader. Will you allow them to be accepted?"

All the refugees who remained turned to my 'leader' who remained quiet the whole time. Because of said leader's face being shadowed by the cloak, from an outside perspective it looked like she was ruminating my statement. However, I was familiar enough to make out that she was just confused.

I just smiled at her and, after a long moment, it seemed like she at least came into the conclusion to play along. The woman nodded her head and my smile widened.

And with that, we can finally get to do the major moves.

The next step of the plan: After crippling the heads of the nation and extending invitations to the mecha genre…

We create an organization that would bring about the end of the war.


"…Why?"

I glanced at V as the woman suddenly asked me a question. "Hm? Why, what?"

"Why do all this? Why make an organization, and why did you make it like I was the leader?"

It was just about an hour after my recruitment attempt.

The two of us are currently at the ship's bridge, which was now free of bodies and blood after a bit of cleaning. Once I sorted out what the first members of our organization were supposed to do, bringing them up to speed with the help of some disguised clones of mine acting like organization members to help them settle in, we went up here to gain some privacy and to attend to our own tasks.

"Did you like the surprise?" I said with a smile, and she tilted her head.

"…I don't understand. Was I supposed to be happy about it?" she asked in confusion. "You said you want to stop the war, but it all seems unnecessary when you have the power to get rid of the government. You said to make our influence as small as possible in the plot and stated it's the reason why you can't make large changes without thinking it through, but isn't this also quite a large change?"

"Ah, well. I guess I can understand your confusion." I paused for a moment to think on how to phrase this. "I didn't teach you about that part yet regarding this world since, as you said, I advocate for minimum changes regarding the plot. But that doesn't apply to the current situation so there are other things to consider." I nodded at her table. "It's actually something related to what we're doing right now."

"Right now…? You mean, these plans?"

V currently sat on the table clearly meant for the captain of the ship as she checked on files of new key targets and planned how to engage them while I assisted her at her side. The ones killed during the military gala where I met mecha pilot wasn't the only one we planned on targeting, as the ensuing power struggle would cripple war efforts on both sides of the conflict, and it had to be planned accordingly.

"You and I are the most free people in the world. That means that we won't be influenced by it whenever it makes some plot, and it can only adjust to us." I explained to her. "However, that doesn't mean our actions do not have any consequences."

I gestured to the plans we were making. There, different approaches of how to kill the targets while pinning the blame on other factors are detailed. No one would suspect that it was some outside factor that would be the one to do it.

"There was always an option to kill all those who are corrupt instead of doing this. As you said, I could easily do it. Just teleport there, then kill them. Nobody would know, especially with the genre divide preventing normal people from looking more into the supernatural genre. However, you should know that such an action as drastic as that can hold unexpected consequences, especially when the setting requires for the war to continue."

Turning back to the emotionless blonde, I saw her focusing solely on me. I could feel her curiosity from her gaze as she listened to my words attentively. And so, I continued to speak.

"If unexplained killings or strange phenomenons happen, it could change things. If you want to change where the plot is headed while also preserving the setting, then you have to work within the boundaries of it. Or at least, make it look that way." I emphasized. "If we're not cautious, random cabals or supernatural organizations would pop up just so the world could make up some narrative consistency for it."

I frowned in thought as I reminisced about how I've come to know that particular fact and the lessons learned at that time.

"I made the mistake of being reckless long ago." I said, bitterly admitting that fact. "It was just a single school setting but it turned it into a big mess. Espers, aliens and time travelers suddenly started appearing, all because some girl got indirectly affected and the plot somehow made her into a reality warper. I imagine it would be much messier here when it involves two countries."

She blinked in surprise, but whether it was at my admission of mistake or the craziness of that setting, I do not know. But just like always the blonde simply digested what I told her and, after a moment, nodded her head in acceptance before speaking once more.

"I understand. I suppose making these plans are necessary, knowing that." she remarked. "However, this narrative consistency… What exactly do you mean by that?"

"It just means that for every action done, it must advance the plot in some way and could potentially be done by a character within the story itself." I explained. "If we make great changes, or many small ones, without taking that into account - then the world will inevitably add something just to make things consistent. There's only so much that the world can adjust to before it starts to get contrived, after all."

"I see." she paused. "So the reason why you want to create this organization… it's so that the plot doesn't add or modify anything when we stop the war. And the reason why you couldn't just waltz in and kill or hypnotize everyone." she deduced.

"Very astute of you. That's correct." I praised her. I was getting good at reading her expressions, so I didn't miss the miniscule way her face brightened and how she straightened on her seat.

"I did not think things would be this complicated. It seems that there are a lot of things to consider before acting." V commented.

"…Yes, it's strange isn't it? That we're the most free people in the world, but it still affects us even if it wasn't in the usual way. Although these restrictions are mostly self-imposed, really."

I moved to sit down on a nearby chair and relaxed on the seat. Then, I looked at the windows on the ship's bridge, staring at the vast expanse of the ocean. Speaking to her about all this brought about some reflections I've been ruminating time and time again.

"So many constraints and restrictions… Of course, there's always a choice to just do whatever you want despite the consequences but…" I frowned, before shaking my head. "Anyway, I won't blame you if you think my methods are a shame, and that living the way I do will only hinder the potential that we have. With the life you lived, I think you of all people deserve to think that."

Why did I consider such constraints, I wonder? Perhaps I might have done great things if I just do what I want. In fact, perhaps I might have found a way to prevent the looming future apocalypse instead of just trying to delay it as much as possible.

The path to where I am currently hasn't been innocent. And I wasn't this powerful at first either. People suffered and lives were lost for the sake of advancing the plot and reaching a good ending. Even now that is happening. And I couldn't even help all the people in plots that finish without said good ending, because I'm not omnipotent. I can only extend my help to those I could reach.

V, if she hadn't turned meta, would likely be one of those people who I failed to help.

Would I have saved more lives than I currently am if I just did what I want, despite the consequences? I do not know. But what I do know is that those consequences will likely hurt people even if I try to mitigate it. And that fact was enough to stop me.

I can phrase it whatever I want and reason it however I try, but the sole reason why those constraints and restrictions are up in the first place… it was because I was afraid.

Afraid of hurting people because of my actions.

As I reflected on that however, V suddenly spoke, interrupting me from my thoughts.

"—I disagree. I do not think that way at all."

Those words were said with surprising conviction. I glanced back at the blonde, who stared at me with an intense look on her face. Or at least, by her standards. There was a pause from her as she tried to speak the thoughts in her mind.

"I think… I think it is great that you act with these restrictions in mind." she began. "You have saved me and all these people. And I know that you will save many more, just as you have helped countless others before."

She stared at me with a sharp glint in her eye.

"That you do it, even without things forcing you, makes you more kind than others I have met… No, perhaps the kindest person that I have ever known in my life. The constraints you try to limit yourself in is a testament to that." she declared. "I may not know much, and I may have only spent a little time with you… however, I can say for sure that…"

The blonde looked down to her mechanical arm, flexing her digits while staring at it in thought. Then, she clenched it tight and brought it close to her chest, closing her eyes as she did so.

"…I can say for sure that I am happy to have met someone like you, Basa." V muttered softly. "I wouldn't have you any other way. And I will follow your example, because of it."

I paused at the heartfelt manner she said those words. I didn't really know what to say, so I just scratched the back of my head while letting out a deep exhale.

Things certainly turned emotional out of nowhere. Maybe the heroine was rubbing off me with all her brooding.

"Is that so? I guess I'm glad to hear that." I said, looking away from her as I did so. "…Although you should be careful with how you phrase your words. That normally would be taken as a confession, you know?"

"Confession? Did I confess something?" the woman said with a clueless look on her face.

"It's because Japanese people seem to be allergic to being direct, so even alluding to a hint of affection might as well be a confession of love. And for some godforsaken reason, we both know the world operates that way as well." I let out a smirk. "Wouldn't want yourself to say 'I like you' to someone by accident, would you?"

"I understand." she said with a nod. "However, I think it is appropriate for this circumstance. I do like you after all."

…

…This woman…

I let out a sigh. I'd be blind if I didn't know this with the hints I've seen until now. She really is my fourth heroine, I suppose. "Do whatever you want." I said in resignation.

The girl simply nodded without shame as if she didn't just say something so forward. "Yes. However, you still haven't answered one question." V remarked. "Why did you say that I am the leader of this organization? It shouldn't be me."

"Why shouldn't it be you? This is your revenge, isn't it?"

Her eyes narrowed slightly. "This might be my wish, but a proper chain of command requires you to be the leader. This is especially true considering that I am the one following your orders."

"Orders? What orders? I don't recall giving you one." I said with a smirk. "All I remember saying is that you don't need to follow orders and that your life is your own, or something along those lines."

I could see a hint of annoyance from acting deliberately obtuse, throwing back the words I said to her from the time we first met. The woman stared at me and… hold on, was she pouting? This woman really is getting more and more emotive by the day.

"Just accept the role for now. It holds more meaning to someone like you anyway." I said with an apologetic smile, taking pity at her. "Plus, it's good practice. You've never been in a position of power, haven't you? It'll be a new experience too."

The blonde looked unconvinced. However, when she opened her mouth to protest, she was suddenly interrupted with a knock on the bridge's door.

V glanced at me with a blank expression on her face, and I just returned it with a smile. When it was obvious that I wasn't going to speak, the blonde let out a breath that almost felt like an exasperated sigh.

"Come in." she muttered.

The door opened and a person entered the ship's bridge. Said person was a tall woman with brown hair, olive skin and green eyes. The woman was clearly beautiful, but the most eye-catching thing about her was the scar that ran onto her chest and down to her abdomen.


Spoiler

I recognized her. From what I recall, her name was Amida. She was one of the refugees, and the woman who I suggested to represent their group as they coordinated with my disguised clones. She seemed to act as the de-facto leader of the group she was with when they were forced into the cargo containers.

The woman looked nervous as she entered, clearly dreading a meeting with her bosses, but her eyes widened the moment it landed on us.

"…Y-You're younger than me…?" she muttered.

Ah, right. We had the hood of our cloaks down. That makes this the first time any of them had seen our faces. I suppose it would be a shock when your supposed saviors and now leaders are actually younger than you are… Perhaps it would be good to not let them have any doubts because of that.

"I had been told that I have quite a baby face. Thank you for noticing." I said, making the woman snap out of her shock. "As for our glorious leader… Well, she is quite young. But don't let your looks fool you. Her body count probably exceeds the ages of all the people in this ship combined."

That was likely true, and it would probably increase as time went on. Amida looked shocked at that, her gaze turning to V who remained quiet behind the desk. My, looking at her right now she looks like a criminal mastermind. That blank look that seemed to pierce your being appears quite intimidating if you have no idea it was because she just didn't know how to emote.

"Anyway, what brings you here?" I asked the woman.

It took a slight pause, but Amida recovered her composure after I asked the question. "R-Right. I came here to say that all the preparations are finished. I gathered up the people who could help operate the ship, but there are still some issues to take care of…"

"I guess I have time to spare. Please, lead the way." I responded before standing up on my seat. Then, I sent a meaningful glance at V. "I'll take care of this, boss. You should continue working on that."

The blonde nodded obediently. Although it probably looked like an imperious nod for Amida, considering her intimidatingly blank look that disturbed the woman. And so, with the woman beside me, the both of us exited the bridge.

Let's see how our fledgling group is doing, shall we?


Creating an organization is not an easy task.

Putting aside the logistics involved for operating it, it comes with responsibilities of managing people with different personalities and goals. While in theory all members are united under a single vision and mission, in practice it isn't quite as simple. The responsibility of a leader is to deal with such problems and succeed despite it.

It requires a very unique situation for me to even attempt doing something like creating an organization. I find it all tiring to deal with to be honest, so I tend to avoid it. I like to do things alone and it was only due to recent circumstances that I worked closely with other people.

If I require tasks which need multiple people, I usually default to my clones. In fact, that was what I thought of doing at first. Until I changed my mind, thinking it would be better to just guide the people whose tragic plots we interfered with and involve them in this, instead of letting the whims of the world decide for them.

But I digress. The point is that I don't usually do this.

However, it doesn't mean I'm unfamiliar with how to deal with these sorts of things.

"We've found the supplies of the smugglers but it seems to be running out. The same for the fuel of the ship too. One of our group, who claimed that she worked on machines, also said that the state of the ship is dangerously poor too. Some of your men agreed with her."

Amida reported to me as we walked along the ship's deck. Truthfully, I already knew all these but I let her do it to be acclimated with her role. Around us, the refugees who stayed behind along with my disguised clones were busy with other tasks, which was mainly cleaning the place up. The bodies were already thrown out into the ocean but there was still plenty of blood, weapons, and spent ammunition around.

Eyes were upon us when I walked beside Amida, and like her, they reacted with shock at my seemingly young age. I didn't will my clones to act the same since it could be excused due to their own 'familiarity' with me, but I did attempt conversing with those who commented on my age. I wouldn't want them to form harmful opinions because of it.

…But then again, such a thing is natural.

"All in all, it looks like this ship is on its last trip. It's in no shape to sail. And unless the supplies are replenished, then we'll run out of food and water." she muttered. I noticed her glance on me for a moment with an assessing look on her eye, but it was gone in a flash. "…I do not know why you wanted to take this place. This wouldn't survive even a single hit from a cannon from a proper naval ship."

Doubt. Hesitation.

She didn't show it outright, but I don't need to read her mind to know what she was thinking. The earlier appeal of joining settled down and gave way to more realistic thoughts. And I doubt that she was the only one feeling this way within the ship, because while I may have touched their hearts earlier by revealing our goal, the support they've given will disappear if they think I have no way of backing it up.

It would be great if people could be steadfast in their beliefs, but this wasn't shounen. Nobody wants to throw their lives away on a useless endeavor after all.

"Hm, is that all of our problems? Then it should be a simple fix."

Thankfully, those are easily addressed by yours truly.

The woman blinked in surprise at my seemingly nonchalant reaction. "A… simple fix?"

"Yes. It should be. You didn't think that we'd try to fight two countries if we couldn't do something as simple as that, did you?" I rhetorically asked with a knowing smile, making her momentarily flinch in surprise. "That said, you work fast. It's only been an hour since you're out and already you accomplished all this; perhaps you have experience in being a leader? I've seen military officers who work with less efficiency." I glanced at the large scar on her body. "Did you work for them in the past?"

"…Nothing as glamorous as that. I was a site manager for a factory and oversaw a bunch of girl workers. Then we got hit by the war. That's how I got the scar." the woman muttered. Still, my sincere praise had the effect of pleasing her in some way, making her relax her tense shoulders due to my earlier accurate guess. "That said, what do you mean by simple fix? Will your boat earlier come back and give us supplies? They didn't drop things earlier so I found it strange…"

"No, our supplies are already here."

"Already here? What do you mean—?" I pointed at the side. "…Eh?"

Indeed, right where I was pointing had some stacked boxes on it. It seemingly appeared out of nowhere and how it got there, no one knows. But then again it wasn't like there was anyone paying any attention to that part of the ship anyway, so they couldn't really deny that nobody just walked up and placed something there.

"Hmm, did you perhaps not check all the wares in here yet?" I asked.

"T-That's… we're not yet done, but we shouldn't have missed this…" Amida stuttered, wrong-footed. Then, she recovered and turned around to call out to the men hanging around the area. "Hey, someone check these boxes!"

They did, and once it was opened the insides revealed various canned and fresh foods along with a healthy supply of different beverages. There were quite many, and it should be enough to last them a long time. It should also give them quite an enjoyable meal considering it's been a long time these refugees ate anything palatable.

"How fortunate. Seems like you all would be eating great today." I said amidst the joyful mood that the people around had gained once seeing all the supplies.

Meanwhile, Amida looked like she was in shock. "R-Right… This should be enough to feed us a lot." she muttered. Then, she frowned thoughtfully. "But all of these appear to be food. That's great, but there's still other things that we need. There's still the ship's fuel—"

"Could you be referring to those things?"

"—Eh!? There's still some more!?" Amida exclaimed in surprise again, gaze following to another place I was pointing. This time it was a cargo's worth of barrels containing said fuel. "W-Where did that come from…? Hey, someone call our mechanics here too!"

Her shouting seems to have gained the attention of others and someone immediately went down to the ship's inner deck to get who she asked for. After a short moment of waiting, they went back up with a woman. She seemed quite a unique character, considering her curly set of twintails.


Spoiler

"Someone said there's fuel? Let me see." the woman checked the barrels, opening one of them and then wincing as the fumes of the tar-like ship fuel revealed inside wafted out. "Y-Yeah, that's fuel alright. With this much… Can anyone bring them down with me to the ship's hull?"

I acted like I didn't notice the intense stare of Amida beside me while observing our mechanic bring down the barrels with the help of others. It was only after a while that I turned back to her, and when I did, I simply gave her a calm look.

"Is there something wrong?" I asked.

"How…?" the woman trailed off in an unsure tone, question hanging on her lips.

She clearly thought that I did something. The genre divide wouldn't let them witness the fact that I took it out of subspace before putting it there. As I said earlier, I already knew about the problems we had considering my clones around, and I already made the preparations.

Maybe I could've put it somewhere where they'll find it in a more natural manner. But that wasn't the point. One of the most precarious stages in creating an organization is at its start since, in most cases, you need to prove that you're worth following.

"Who knows?" I said with a smile. "Maybe it was just because you didn't notice? Or maybe it was some sort of technology? Or maybe something else entirely?"

Show off, then bring out a sense of mystery. The formula of how to make others perceive you as strong.

I couldn't exactly tell her the whole truth considering there is no organization in the first place. Yet with my actions here, she would have an idea that she didn't at least join a weak group. And being the leader, there's a great chance of her convincing the rest of the same. And then I don't need to repeat this stunt for quite some time.

All in all, typical politics with its complicated posturing. Such a drag.

"I see." the woman dropped the topic, clearly realizing she wouldn't get anything from me. Still, the way she looked at me clearly changed. "Thank you, then. This should get rid of some worries. And the food and drink should make a lot of people very happy."

"There's no need for thanks. It's all you people deserve, at the very least."

She eyed me strangely at that, as if she didn't know what to think. "…I suppose so."

Before we could continue and move on to other things however, a man came out of the ship's deck and rushed towards us. "Miss Amida! There's something that you need to see!" he shouted urgently. Then, he spotted me and stopped in his tracks. "Oh…"

I gave him a smile. "You mentioned needing to see something? Please, lead the way."

Seems like they found out the other reason why we're here.

And so, with Amida beside me, we both went back into the vast storage area within the ship. There was quite a lot of wares being transported so it might take a few hours to catalogue every single one. However, if there was one thing here that stands out, it would be one particularly large thing.

Or rather, many things I suppose. It's quite modular.

"This is…!"

When we arrived, Amida gaped as the open-top cargo container opened to reveal a large mechanical arm. It was large enough for an average person to fit within the span of the palm itself. Scaled up pneumatics and circuitry are also visible underneath the plated armor, clearly making it functional instead of being some sort of artistic piece.

"O-Open the other containers!" Amida commanded immediately. "Check all of them!"

They were opened and, just as the woman suspected, similar mechanical body parts are around. Amida and the others were stunned at what they were seeing. As for me, I just acknowledged a conjecture of mine was correct about these people being involved in this type of setting.

Because what was in front of us was undoubtedly, and indisputably, a mech.

The criminals are planning to smuggle it out of the place and sell it. It looked quite damaged, but that was understandable considering it was a wreck when they found it.

As the others exploded into action, Amida turned to me and noted my lack of surprise. "Y-You…" she muttered nervously. "Was this the reason why you wanted this ship?"

I smiled at her again. "Who knows?" I said, repeating my earlier statement.

The woman clearly had an idea of what this thing was. The moment she saw it, I saw haunted recognition in her eyes. Very likely it was something that was tied into her past. And also very likely it would be the reason for the scar as well, as well as the motivation for her joining up in the first place.

And with the colorful cast of characters here, there would be plenty of others here with the same background.

Really, it seems like I made the right choice. Doing this rather than creating a group of clones for an organization is far more efficient.

"Say, Amida." I began, gaining the woman's complete attention.

"What do you think of learning how to pilot a mech?"
Last edited: Feb 1, 2025
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, leks, Semi-Immortal_Cat and 1,334 others
Skrubchap
Feb 1, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Feb 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#2,673
Missed the next chapter in my other fic so I think I'll be releasing two chapters back to back after this. In any case, here's the next chapter. There should only be one more left until this little arc is finished. Hope you guys enjoy reading it!


Chapter 22

Their ship cruised at dawn peacefully.

Waves gently crashed on the hull of the ship as it crossed the vast expanse of the ocean. It was a sound which had turned into a background noise for her that she could easily ignore. In fact, after hearing it almost constantly when she had boarded this ship, she had come to appreciate it as comforting at some point.

And right in the ocean horizon, one could see the hints of the sun piercing through the dusk - giving a beautiful scene of the morning twilight. She marveled at the view right in front of her. While she had traveled far and wide to escape the war, there was never a moment to appreciate a sight like this. In the first place, she wasn't the type to even think about this really.

But here she was. Standing right in the bow of the ship, taking it all in.

She had changed. But whether it was due to her settling down somewhere relatively peaceful, or coming to terms with what to do with what she wanted to do with the rest of her life… she didn't know.

After all, she might've just sent her own death warrant. Her days were likely limited - she was already fearing for her life even when crossing warzones without much fighting in it, and here she was now, volunteering to be in the frontlines. What was she thinking, throwing away the life of peace she yearned for something like this?

But just like always, there was no choice but to grit your teeth and keep moving.

Amida had always lived her life that way, and it wasn't going to stop now.

…At the very least, the things she had seen didn't give her much reason to regret her choices. She had a good idea of what was happening on the ship right now because, for some goddamn reason, she was chosen to be the leader of this group despite being just a simple woman who worked as a factory manager.

She could never know what's going on in their leaders' minds. Even now the stunt one of them displayed - the young man with blonde hair and tanned skin - remained firmly entrenched in her mind. And for the past few days, after somehow repairing the damaged mech, the same man had been teaching her how to operate it as if he was familiar with how it worked.

There were too many questions about them. But she could at least tell they were sincere with their aim for this group they've gathered. They had certainly been helping other refugees on escaping this wretched war behind for the past few days like some charity organization, after all. Their numbers have been swelling these past few days as they also found new recruits. And so are the supplies they've been getting.

But she also knew what all of that meant. And she was proven correct on her suspicion when, the day before, they were finally given instructions and asked to prepare. And it was clear that this was different from their usual operations.

The fighting would start soon, and she can only hope she was ready for it.

"…Amida."

A voice called out to her from behind, interrupting her from her thoughts. She turned around and saw that many people had already gathered on the deck at some point while she was thinking. Amida looked at the person who spoke - it was a woman with white hair and pale complexion, staring at her with her perpetually calm face that Amida never saw change much even in the direst of times.


Spoiler

"Azee." Amida greeted her. "I see that the volunteers are here. Is everything ready?"

She was someone who Amida had delegated some of her tasks to and acted as her second. One who had traveled with her and stayed when Amida chose to stay as well. If there was someone who she trusted would complete her orders without giving in to the pressure of it all, it would be her.

"Yes, everything is prepared." she answered simply. "The explosives are stored properly but otherwise, they should be easily transported out once we get to our destination. We've already instructed the others how to place them properly as well."

"I see. And the weapons?"

"I can answer that." another woman said with a smile, stepping beside Azee. "I was the one who attended to it while Azee went to the more important stuff."

It was another one of the people that she trusted and had stayed with her all this time. A woman with blondish hair styled in a set of twintails and dressed in a fashion that showed more skin than Amida. She was someone that seemed to always act cheerful, almost childish at times, no matter the situation - something that contrasted to Azee's own indifference. Nevertheless, she knew firsthand the spunk hidden beneath the girl that could make people respect her despite the way that she acted.


Spoiler

"The weapons were fine. We tested it. Except for the RPGs, of course. Can't exactly test that inside this ship." Lafter said with a slight chuckle, before speaking more seriously. "Although, I did speak with Eco. She assured me that they should work. Top of the line, even. Apparently, they're even better than the ones used by the army."

Amida noted the name. That was the mechanic that they found in her group, not the ones that came with their leaders. She didn't know what sort of past that she had to know that, but she supposed it didn't matter at this point.

"All in all, we have enough to arm everyone in this ship and a spare. There should be more than enough to give to those that will be going with us." Lafter finished.

"I see. Thank you." Amida said, before pausing when the two remained where they were. "…Is there something else?"

The two looked at each other for a moment, before Azee spoke. "Amida… we know you've been practicing on that mech, but is everything really fine?" her voice was soft enough that others around couldn't hear it. "Putting aside getting into that dreaded thing, you're going into the thick of the fight. And now, with everything that's going to happen…"

"Are you going to be okay, Amida?" Lafter asked worriedly, voicing both of their concerns.

She paused. That was the question she had been asking herself for a while now. Aside from being chosen as the leader of their group, why was she also chosen as the mech's pilot? She tried to think of the reason why, but the reason always eludes her.

Nevertheless, it wasn't like there was any other qualified person aside from their leaders, who surely are busy with other things or perhaps already have a mech with their own judging by the man's experience when teaching her. So, she agreed.

Piloting the mech had been something of an overwhelming experience. Those behemoths had been the source of her nightmares whenever she slept after their fighting destroyed her hometown. It had been an eye opening experience for her, and made her aware of just how dangerous the world is. When it was time to enter one, it had already been quite an ordeal.

Thankfully, her instructor had been patient. He even consoled her when she broke down, remembering all the deaths of her loved ones and seeing the memory vividly in her mind's eye, because standing in front of that weapon was a painful reminder of it.

"—Things aren't the same."

The man simply told her those words, his voice cutting through the din of her trauma. It was spoken with a calm resoluteness that she couldn't help but latch onto it just to remain sane in the storm of thoughts consuming her.

"You're remembering it all. The despair, the powerlessness. But right now, know that it isn't the same." he told her. "Because now, Amida - now you can fight. It's an opportunity to prevent what came to be from ever happening again. All you need to do is to get that fear in your hand and grip it tight."

She looked up at the blonde man who gazed at her without a hint of judgement. In his eyes was only understanding and respect. He extended a hand towards her, pulling her up.

"You couldn't fight before. Now, you can."

…That was an embarrassing moment for her. She fancied herself as a hard woman and yet she showed that kind of face to him. Amida tried to not let the heat get to her face as she recalled the memory.

Still, after that vulnerable moment, she had quickly grasped the basics of how to operate such a large machine. The mech can thankfully operate underwater and they could practice on the ocean because the ship didn't have much space. Practicing in the ocean had been difficult, but she was at least confident that she could brawl and shoot other mechs.

It was honestly surprising how fast she had learned to use it. But whether it was due to her own talent, or because her instructor was good at teaching, she didn't know.

The two women waited for her to speak. Amida looked at them and sighed, finally answering them.

"I don't know the answer to that, you two. But I've done all I could to practice and prepare for this. At the very least, I know how to fight there." Amida told them bluntly. "All we can do is to hope for the best, just like always." she declared.

They both frowned. Still, they said nothing in protest either. Her answer clearly wasn't satisfactory for the both of them, but Amida knew that they understood that it was the best answer they could get.

"I guess that's how it always goes." Azee said with a sigh. "I already knew things would go this way, but maybe I should've volunteered to go instead."

"I feel the same, but… In the first place, you shouldn't be alone. If we're planning to stop this war, just you going there wouldn't be enough right? They should at least get more of those mechs. Then maybe Azee and I could join you." Lafter commented.

Amida frowned. Perhaps that was true, but how would they get the mechs? They never did know the full circumstance of the organization they joined, after all. Hell, they still don't even know its name - much like the identities of their superiors.

Still, the blonde man told her that they will get more, but the specifics were never fully revealed to her. Only that he will notify her once it was confirmed. Perhaps they already have it or there was something else planned.

She opened her mouth to speak those thoughts—

"We are going to get that from this operation."

—Before stopping when another soft voice replied instead.

All three of them stiffened in shock. Amida turned her head, then registered the fact that the entire deck had quieted down and made way for a certain person, staring at them with a mixture of great respect and fear. They hadn't even noticed her approach once the said person managed to get to them.

There was only one person in the ship who could inspire such a presence.

Amida stared at the blonde woman with wide eyes.

"B-Boss!" Lafter shouted in surprise as Amida froze beside her. "S-Since when were you…?"

She was their boss. The Boss. They never gave their names, so that was what they referred to her.

It didn't look like it with her young age and a stature shorter than Aida herself, but she was the leader of their organization. One who that blonde man followed on his own volition, and the person who he had killed all those criminals with. And if rumors are to be believed, then she would be the reaper that had taken so many lives of those in the battlefield and saved just as much as well.

Amida met the blank, emotionless gaze aimed at her. She swallowed, feeling very nervous yet still wanting to meet her expectations. She stood straight under her attention.

"W-What do you mean by that, ma'am?" she asked.

The boss paused for a moment to answer that.

"This operation will give us new members piloting mechs that will join our group. My… second-in-command made sure that they'll arrive at our destination. They will require our help since they will be fighting enemy pilots, and you will be assisting them." she revealed, making Amida blink. Then she continued, sweeping her gaze at the three of them. "I assume that things are prepared?"

"Yes, ma'am." they all answered.

She nodded at that. "Then, we simply need to wait. I will tell you what we need to do once we make landfall."

Their boss looked at the horizon, and Amida mirrored it. She narrowed her eyes as the sun's light shined as it finally started to rise fully, and as she did, she could see hints of what looked like a coast from the far distance.

…It seems like their destination is here.

Amida didn't know what might happen now, but she supposed that with everything going to be told to them shortly after this, there's not much to complain about. However, the Boss' explanation of this operation being done to get new members who can pilot mechs did make her feel a little anxious.

They were finally fighting, doing their first steps on stopping the madness that had upended countless lives. And unlike their earlier tasks of helping other refugees escape, she knew there was a chance that people might die, the reality of what group they joined in only sinking in truly right now.

But there was nothing they could do about that now.

The only thing that Amida can do is to hope that these new members are worth risking their life on.


"—Pilot Orga. Do you copy?"

Orga's head snapped up when his name was called by the person speaking in the comms. He was seated on an APC headed to the hangar where their mechs were stationed, the other pilots being transported with him. In his hands he held a tablet containing the mission briefing, given for them to review.

Or at least, that was what he should be doing.

"This is Orga. What is it?" he responded.

"Intel suggests that there are new developments about the situation. You will go to another location, and your goals for this mission have been updated." the voice coldly answered him. "The updated mission briefing will be forwarded to you along with the rest of your squad. Review them properly before you are deployed."

"Under—" the line cut out before he could finish. "—stood."

Orga frowned at that. Still, faced with that impoliteness, he reacted little and simply went back to look down on his tablet. He stared at the now-outdated report, his eyes taking in the orders and maps despite not really reading them.

"…Rude of them, don't you think?" a voice on his side broke him out of his thoughts. Orga turned to glance at the black-haired teen looking at him with an unreadable gaze. "At first they were content with ignoring us, but now they're acting pretty bossy. Things are certainly getting different lately."


Spoiler

Orga sent a warning glare at his sworn brother. He had always told him to watch his mouth when they're being deployed since there was a good chance that their 'employers' were listening. "Augus…"

"They're not listening. They aren't going to put recording devices on a dingy vehicle like this. Plus, the engine is too noisy anyways." he reasoned. "We can talk all we want here. Or at least, not until we get to the mechs."

Orga's glare abated, turning back to stare at his tablet. "…That's because things are turning different." he finally replied to his earlier comment.

The teen tilted his head consideringly at that. "I suppose that's what happens when someone like the head researcher dies. I wonder why they're so aggressive now, though? I've heard some rumors that they've added more 'orphans' to join us… maybe they're starting to understand our usefulness here."

"I don't know. But I wouldn't bet on it."

"Yes, I thought so too." Augus agreed easily. "So, with that out of the way - can you finally tell me what's going on in your mind? It's clear that you've been troubled with something for the past few days, Orga."

Orga stiffened at his blunt words.

He knew he was never the greatest when it comes to acting. And now that they're being deployed, he was too consumed with his thoughts to even bother trying to hide in anymore. He can only chastise himself for his lack of discipline. Likely, everyone in his squad realized how strange he was acting.

But, at the very least… he'd like to think that his mishap was understandable.

A few days had passed since that fateful night when the head researcher was assassinated and, more importantly, when he was left with that message by that mysterious blonde man. Orga had memorized it, burning the coordinates and the date written there in his mind. Yet, he could never decide on what to do with that information, simply agonizing over it for the past few days.

What would even happen if he went there? Would he get wrapped up in some conspiracy to end the war, like what the blonde man had suggested he was aiming to do? Or was it a trick to secure pilots like him? Could he trust someone like that, when everything about them is so unknown?

He refrained from telling the others in his squad because he didn't want them to be troubled by something like this.

…And in the first place, besides those doubts, there were quite a few problems in even acting on the information given to him.

He was just a pilot, one that was monitored by the entire company because he was an asset. He couldn't go anywhere without permission which essentially made getting to these coordinates impossible. And from what he could tell, these coordinates were literally in the middle of nowhere, far away from any cities in this country. How can he even get there in the first place?

Was that blonde man ignorant of his lack of freedom? Did he think pilots could get to anywhere that they wanted? It was certainly possible - but then, how would that explain him knowing Orga and Augus were sworn brothers? Even his 'employers' likely didn't even know that. Someone who could assassinate the head researcher so easily shouldn't be unaware of the organization they were working under as well.

So many questions that he didn't know the answer to. And before he knew it, the time had come. Today was the date stated in the note. He thought he might have to do something, but…

Suddenly, Orga and his squad were called for a mission. And he has no choice but to comply.

Perhaps his worrying had led to nothing, after all. Yet for some reason, he couldn't shake this feeling that there was something more going on - something more that he should do. Would his absence be interpreted as a refusal? If so, what would happen to him, who had witnessed someone clearly associated with the murder of the head researcher? Those thoughts - it made him antsy up to now.

And he didn't need to include others on it. If it meant that making the wrong choice would, even in the slightest chance, affect them too - then he would keep what happened as a secret to his grave. His paranoid mind wouldn't allow anything less.

"It's nothing, Augus. Leave it alone." Orga answered the teen beside him, who frowned.

"It's clearly not just 'nothing'. You've been like this ever since you returned from that gala." Augus insisted. "We're starting to get worried about you, Orga. Did you see something at that time? Something that made you disturbed?"

Orga's lips pressed into a thin line. Augus' eyes narrowed, noticing it.

"You did." he said, suspicions confirmed.

"…I'm telling you to leave it alone, Augus. I did see something, but it's not something I can just spread lightly." Orga stated with a firm tone. The boy's mouth opened to protest, but he brought a hand up to interrupt it. "Make no mistake, it's not a matter of trust. I will tell you once I'm sure that things are over, but for now let me think on it on my own."

Once the date passed and nothing still happened to him for not going to the coordinates, he doubted it would matter anymore. But for now…

"This is my burden to bear." Orga finished, resolve evident in his expression.

Augus stared at him for a few moments before nodding. "Understood… Then, I'll wait until you can finally tell me, Orga."

The teen said those words with a tone filled with faith and loyalty in him just as always. And just as always too, Orga felt the weight of his expectations for him to carry and see through. It was suffocating, but it was something that must be done. He can only hope to do it just as well like everything else in the past.

"We'll see." Orga replied, promising him nothing.

Any more possibility of talk was dashed when the APC had finally stopped in its tracks. Then, the door opened, revealing armed guards that were on standby from the outside. One of them glanced around the truck to do a headcount before reaching into his earpiece.

"They're all here. Yes, everything is accounted for… Understood." the man spoke to his comms, before bringing his arm down and looking at them. He didn't seem all that hostile but instead treated them in a rather casual manner. Must be one of the rare decent people here, then. "All of you. Please listen up."

Unusual. He wondered if there was something wrong. Orga listened carefully as the man spoke to them.

"There will be changes to procedures due to the newly instated heads. I don't know how you kids used to run things during missions, but expect that things might be different this time." the man warned. "Though I doubt that things would change much with you guys just riding mechs and fighting… still, keep that in mind, just to be on the safe side."

"We will, sir." Orga answered for them.

"Good. Then, stand up and follow us."

His squad obeyed. They stood up from their seats and walked outside, following the man as they entered the mech hangar while the other guard kept an eye on them. It always struck him as strange: this entire building was meant for them, but they were being treated as prisoners instead as guests.

Nevertheless, this was a life he was stuck with. This was just routine now, and it was evident with how everyone in his squad appeared fine with everything. Although, he could see that some of them were glancing at him and Augus in concern, likely showing the same worries as the teen did.

When they caught Augus' eyes the teen shook his head discreetly, making them frown. Orga knew that he might have to explain a bit more about this later.

After a while of being led through various corridors they finally arrive at their destination. It was the hangar's ready room, where they'd have to wait in until their mechs were ready. Although, it looked more like a holding cell than anything from how barren it is aside from chairs they can sit on. At the very least, their employers were merciful enough to put cushions in it and make it slightly comfortable.

The guards made them go in the room before guarding the door outside. Then, they all sat in their usual places. Orga took his position at the front, where he'd relay the mission information given to him by command to the rest of his squad.

They all looked at him in various degrees of concern. Although, they didn't ask the question in their minds. Everyone knew this room was bugged as hell and anything they spoke of here would reach the ears of their employers. So, they remained quiet.

Orga checked the tablet he was holding again. He idly realized that the new information finally arrived as they walked here. He lightly read through it, checking the changes.

"So, what are we going to do this time?" one of his squad members, a young man with short spiky hair and a burly physique, spoke up.

"Give me a moment, Altland. I was told that they updated the mission during our trip here." Orga replied as he kept reading through the information. Then, his eyes narrowed. "…It looks like we aren't going back to the frontlines this time."

"What do you mean?" Augus asked.

"We're going to a secret facility from our employers. It seems like our enemies found out about it and are staging an attack. They want us to defend the place while they retrieve important things in it and destroy those that they can't bring back. Looks like they don't want them stealing their research."

"Really? What are they even keeping in there?" another one of his squad, Norba, who was another young man with short hair but colored brown unlike Altland, asked curiously. "It must be important if we're being called there."

"I don't know. And we don't need to know that to do this mission." Orga replied. The files seem to agree, considering there's not a single information about that. "What matters is that we defend the place and prevent them from shooting down retreating personnel. Then after that, we leave as well."

Orga looked at the eye of every single member of his squad.

"This is a textbook extraction mission, everybody. That means we'll go with part seven section two of our field operations manual. I hope everyone is familiar with that?" Orga was answered with nods all around. "Good. Are there any questions?"

One raised a hand. This time the question came from a more intellectual member of their group - a blonde boy named Eugene. "What are we working with here?" he asked.

"There will be air support but they're mostly there for the extraction. We're going to be the ones doing most of the fighting. Don't expect any assistance from them."

"And our enemies?"

He frowned. "Unknown. However, intel suggests that the enemy would be using their mechs first. Their reinforcements will come later, but keep an eye for surprises. We never know what might happen."

Eugene nodded. "I see. Just the usual then."

Indeed, it seems like the answer for mechs is to fight it with other mechs. Eighty percent of the time they were deployed, chances are that they'd be fighting other pilots like them. His squad was used to fighting them now - but it didn't make them any less dangerous.

"That's right." Orga said, agreeing with his words, before turning to the rest of his squad. "…And just like usual, I'm going to have to depend on you guys again."

Orga closed his eyes and took a deep breath to center himself - then, when he opened his eyes again, it was with a determined gaze that he stared at each of the members of his squad straight in their eyes.

"Lend me your strength, and I'll find a way for us to finish this mission together alive and well." he swore. "We'll survive this. I promise all of you that."

There was a moment of surprise… then, smiles and grins were given to him for his declaration, the expression on their faces clear that they trusted him on that. Orga allowed himself a small smile on his face at the show of faith at him even as he felt the pressure of it all. He couldn't allow himself to lose any single one of them… more than what he already had, anyway.

"We'll be sure to kill all of them for you, Orga." Augus promised, his faith in him absolute as always. The others also stated their support for him… although not as ruthless as Augus had promised it.

In any case, Orga nodded, grateful for their trust in him. He was about to order the squad to wait and relax until things were ready, but it seems like preparations for their mechs were short.

In perfect timing as if they were waiting for them to finish their little moment (likely coincidence, as Orga knows they care little if push comes to shove), the door suddenly opened revealing the armed guard that escorted them earlier.

The man assessed them, then spoke. "Everything is ready. Get up those seats and follow us."

His squad did so. Before he followed them, Orga took another moment to glance at the tablet he was holding before he would leave it here. He double-checked for anything that he might've missed, even glancing at the more technical aspects with figures and statistics in it.

But that was when something immediately jumped at his attention - one that made his eyes go wide in shock, a reaction that was missed by everyone as they went on their way out.

It was a single line of information. Easily ignored, and definitely just put there for the sake of meticulousness instead of being anything important. Yet for him, it made his heart almost stop in its tracks.

He could never forget it. He had burned it in his mind, after all. And while it wasn't exactly the same, it was close enough for it to definitely matter.

Because, what Orga saw displayed on the file… It was, undoubtedly, the coordinates of where the mission will take place.

One that was very near to the coordinates he had memorized. They only needed around fifty kilometers or so of travel to get there, practically nothing for pilots like him once they rode a mech.

"…"

He was worried what would happen if he refused their invitation, but it turned out to be nothing because here it was, taunting him right in his face. And now, there was no excuse for his lack of freedom to hide behind.

"Orga?" Augus called out to him.

"…I'll be there. Just double-checking things."

Orga put the tablet down and quickly followed to catch up with the others. His face betrayed nothing about what he had just learned, yet his mind was filled with turbulent thoughts and emotions.

Things… certainly just turned complicated.


The mission had begun.

Orga's mind raced. Questions that he thought would no longer matter after today were once again in the forefront of his mind, eating him from the inside.

Even as they were led inside to their mechs and were put in the cockpit, despite being surrounded by heavy armor that even artillery shells couldn't penetrate which arguably made him in the safest places around - Orga felt as if he was at his most vulnerable.

Why is the mission taking place in those coordinates of all places? Does it mean that whoever that blonde man is and who they're working for predicted they would have a mission there? Or perhaps were they the ones responsible for this mission, influencing things without their employers even knowing?

Whatever it was though, they're definitely involved in this. He was sure of it. He had thought that there wasn't a choice due to his lack of freedom as a pilot, but perhaps this was the opportunity he'd been given to meet with their group.

Now, if only it didn't feel like he'd be walking in a trap…

"—Approaching destination." the sudden call out by one of his squad members penetrated his thoughts. "ETA: sixty seconds."

…No, this isn't the time for that.

Orga breathed in and centered himself. While recent revelations were disturbing, entertaining such worries would only impede his performance in battle. He'd worry about it later and focus more on making everyone here survive. Just as he had promised.

Right now, it was time to fight.

The Organic Interface Implant on his spine, connected to the mech's systems, fed him information that made it feel like it was simply an extension of his body. Vital information that was displayed on the gauges and monitors are interpreted intuitively. The surveillance sensors felt as if it was his eyes, the armored plates protecting him were like a second skin.

"I see the place." Orga said, spotting the secret facility in the distance. "Everyone, fan out and take your positions." he commanded.

With a flex of his will and a movement in the cockpit, Orga increased the thrust of his propulsion unit which accelerated him to greater speeds; enough that a kilometer was traversed in about a few seconds. Idly, he noticed the others behind him did the same.

When Orga arrived in his position, he killed the jets. His mech landed on its legs with a deep and heavy thud. The leftover momentum made him carve deep gouges in the ground, knock over some trees on the way and kick up a cloud of dirt and debris around him.

He slowed to a stop. For a short while his mech was hidden from view because of the dust cloud. Then, he stood straight up from the landing posture and walked out of it, allowing him to be in view once more.


Spoiler

Orga ran a self-diagnostic command to check if there were any problems after their rush to get here. The propulsion unit was at great temperatures but that was expected. Fuel reserves are also low, but not low enough that it couldn't be used for short bursts. Still, he doubted that he could go for a return trip.

"We're in position, Orga." Augus called in from his unit.

"Us too." Norba mirrored. "By the way, where are the rest? You told us that this was an extraction mission." he asked after a pause.

Altland grunted. "We probably got here faster than them."

"Really? But shouldn't they be rushing to get their stuff out right now? Our mission is to defend them until they finish, but from what I can see, not a single vehicle or person is around." Norba pointed out.

"…Indeed, it is strange." Eugene muttered in thought.

Orga frowned. The report did say that the mission was done urgently and should be accomplished as fast as it could, but the fact that none of the extractors are here in the first place is making that a bit complicated. Where the hell are they?

With that in mind, he radioed his superiors. "Command. This is Pilot Orga. We arrived at the destination, but none of the extraction personnel and units were present. What is their status?"

Orga waited for an answer. Then, after a few seconds or so, he received a reply.

"This is Command. Extraction units are on their way. Just wait and defend the objective."

"How long will that take?" Orga asked.

"Just wait. They'll arrive."

Orga's eyes narrowed at the brusque tone of the operator before they cut the line. He was used to being treated like nothing, but them acting this unprofessional during a mission was few and far between. Especially when they weren't given any reason to. Suddenly, he was reminded by Augus' comment about others being more aggressive towards them.

Before he could fully reflect on that however, a warning from another unit grabbed his full attention.

"They're here! Enemies, approaching from the northeast!"

"How many?" Orga quickly asked.

"At least twenty…no, twenty-five!"

That was too many for them to handle on their own. He quickly moved to assist. "Augus, Altland. With me! The rest defend the other sides and support from a distance!" he commanded.

His mech flew through the air as he willed the propulsion unit jetted him through the air once more. He quickly arrived at the destination and spotted the enemies making contact with his squad members.


Spoiler

One spotted him flying through the air and aimed their weapon at him, but he was faster on the draw. Orga fired his weapon, an armor-penetrating submachine gun, to the enemy mech. The resounding boom of the firearm that was more artillery than gun echoed as it fired.

The shells hit the mech's center of mass and punched through the steel easily like it was nothing. The shot mech fell to the ground and crashed heavily, unable to carry its own weight. Then, bright arcs of electricity jutted out of it before exploding, taking the life of its pilot with it.

The other mechs around the one he took down moved to turn to him. It was a clunky and awkward movement - a consequence of being a pilot without implants like them - and he moved to capitalize on that weakness. The moment he landed on the ground he had fired three more shots and hit the enemy mechs in their most vulnerable areas, defeating them.

More explosions around him. His radar registered the friendly units in his vicinity. It seems like his other squad members had arrived along with their units.

"Take care of the enemies. Make sure to save your ammo and fuel while doing so." Orga ordered. "We could be staying here as long as a few hours—"

He raised his shoulder when he saw an enemy aim at him from the side, and the shell from its firearm hit his shoulder plate instead of his head. Orga grit his mouth as the implant translated the hit as pain, but he shrugged it off and shot the mech with payback in mind.

"…So make sure that you'll still be able to fight or retreat after this." Orga finished.

"I'll keep that in mind." Altland grunted as he engaged with the enemy. "Thirteen left. Dealt with five myself."

"Twelve, you mean." Augus calmly replied, followed by an audible explosion. The teen had just finished cutting an enemy in half with a knife - a dedicated melee weapon he preferred. "One was still moving when you left it. As an aside, I also dealt with six."

His own mech then kept ducking and weaving through the shots fired at him by the remaining enemies, his propulsion units activating in bursts for him to hover and skate around the battlefield. Orga shot his own firearm as he did so, granting him more kills as well as the enemy pilots were unable to keep up.

Like he observed earlier, these pilots are all likely trained soldiers and not given implants like them. The difference shows in how easily his squad took care of it. They reacted faster, and intuitively moved with their mechs as opposed to their enemies, who relied on manual and AI-assisted controls.

And from what he could tell, the enemy mechs were constructed in a more shabby manner as well. Orga and his squad's mechs moved with far greater mobility, had better firepower, and took more punishment. But considering their enemies are trying to steal from their employers - the company who introduced these mechs in the first place - it was clear that they were creating inferior products and stealing the designs.

But despite all that, they're still undeniably dangerous. Orga had no plans on underestimating them and dying because of it.

"Focus. You can compare body count after this is over." Orga ordered, before pausing when he heard an explosion from farther away. "Other units, what was that? Report." he barked.

"Something just fired at us. More mechs coming in. This one from the south." Eugene replied. "My radar is reading… twenty two. Norba and I will deal with them."

"—Enemy reinforcements here as well!" a female pilot in his unit also reported. "I spot eight more coming in the horizon!"

Orga turned his head and witnessed more mechs approaching them from a distance. More mechs, their models similar to the ones they have defeated. Suddenly, Orga thought that with how easily they beat them, the reason might have been because they focused their design on quantity instead of quality. He had a sneaking suspicion that their enemies have many of these to spare if that was the case.

"That's a lot. They must really want to have this place." Norba muttered in comms. "Still, that's not the problem, isn't it? Orga, where the hell are the extractors?" he growled. "They're still not here! How long are they gonna make us wait!?"

He was wondering about that himself. He thought they'd have arrived by now. The fact that they still haven't arrived speaks to their incompetence. And so, in the middle of firing the approaching mechs, he radioed his superiors once more.

"Command. This is Pilot Orga. " he reported with a clipped tone that he tried to mask. "We've already engaged with the enemy. Where are the extraction units?"

There was a tense few seconds as he waited for an answer.

"They're on their way."

His brow twitched from the vague reply. "…Sir, if you could give me a more specific timeframe, then that would be appreciated."

"Duly noted." the operator replied dryly.

"And you still wouldn't tell us?"

He heard a tongue click on the other side of the line.

"They are on their way. That is all you need to know, pilot."

…Orga grit his teeth. They've never done this, never acted in a way that jeopardizes the mission. His patience was already wearing thin. And perhaps because of the stress of everything else - something inside him snapped.

"Like hell it is!" Orga exploded, unable to contain his frustration as he kept firing his gun. They were engaging with the enemy now, and focusing on the combat and talking to the operator made it difficult to control his emotions. "Tell us when they'll get here, or better yet, tell them to hurry up! We're going to get overrun at this rate!"

"You think you can mouth off a superior like that?" the operator suddenly warned. "I'll report this."

He paused at what he just heard.

"…What? Are you fucking serious?"

Sheer incredulity filled him with how the operator acted offended of all things. Being ignored or treated as just a tool of war, he could tolerate. But thinking themselves better and demanding respect, despite the fact that they stay somewhere safe behind Orga and his squad, as they risked their lives and fought their battles for them?

He couldn't ignore that. Not even if they were in the middle of a mission.

"Are you looking down on us so much that your head got stuck in your ass?" Orga shouted. "I don't see you risking your life fighting here! You're just an operator! If you want respect, then tell us what is happening and do your fucking job!"

"What the hell did you just say to me, pilot?" the man growled.

"You fucking heard me. Tell us what's happening. Otherwise, I'll find you after this and there will be hell to pay. I'll beat the shit out of you. I swear to that, no matter what happens to me right after." Orga snarled back. "And I doubt that my other superiors would fault me for it. After all, if you couldn't even act like a proper operator for us pilots, then you're nothing but a useless piece shit."

It seems like that had been the breaking point for the entitled bastard on the other side of the line, as he started to snarl at him as well.

"Oh, is that what you think? Too bad. You won't have a chance to return at all."

A sudden chill went down his spine at those words.

"…What the hell did you just say?"

"What, you didn't know? I guess you wouldn't." the operator sneered. "There's no extraction mission! It's all a ruse since you're left there as bait. You're not getting back here to beat me up, or whatever you threatened to do."

He spoke of the horrifying truth of what was happening so casually, contempt dripping in his tone as he did so. With wide eyes, Orga listened in his cockpit unheeding of everything else in the battlefield, the words stunning him more than any of his enemy's attacks ever could.

"You're already outdated wares, you stupid kids. With the death of the head researcher a lot has changed. And we're already working on your replacements." the man told him, each sentence pounding him in his brain. "Now, all we need to do is to take out the trash. And what better use than to trick thieves into thinking that a facility without anything actually has something important?"

Orga breathed in sharply. "You…!"

"You were left there to die, pilot. That's all there is." the man declared with finality. "Now, leave me alone. I have better things to do than babysit kids. At least I'll have a promotion after this is finally over."

With that, the operator cut the line.

He doubted that he would be hearing from the operator ever again.

"—Orga, look out!"

A shout from Augus warned him of an enemy aiming a gun at him from the side. Orga realized that at some point, he had stopped fighting entirely and just stood there. He looked at it in shock, but was thankfully saved when his sworn brother shot the mech before it could to him.

"What are you doing, Orga? You've stopped moving and suddenly gone quiet!" Altland scolded him. "You told us to focus but you're not doing it yourself! Is this how a leader is supposed to act!?"

His squad member had a point. And perhaps normally he would scold himself for it.

But right now, he was far from worrying about that.

"Damn it…"

With the operator's words, Orga's mind, which had been feeling like there was something important he was missing in the current situation, finally connected the dots.

Information mentioned earlier in passing, something he thought were all previously unrelated and not even important, all turned into crucial information that allowed him to construct an idea of what was happening.

"I've heard some rumors that they've added more 'orphans' to join us… maybe they're starting to understand our usefulness here."

Augus' earlier statement about rumors of more 'orphans' besides them… it wasn't that their employers finally understood their importance, but rather they were being replaced. They've gone from valuable assets to now being disposable. And the attitudes of the others around them reflected that.

"There will be changes to procedures due to the newly instated heads. I don't know how you kids used to run things during missions, but expect that things might be different this time."

Then, there were the changes and reforms made because of the death of the head researcher and his retinue. He had firsthand seen the politics in the company he was working at from his few interactions with his higher ups. He wasn't familiar with their ways, nor did he want to be, but he could imagine how those new in power wanted to remove the influence of their predecessor, or perhaps to surpass him and prove themselves worthy in the eyes of others.

Outdated wares. That operator called us outdated wares. We were the prized cow of the previous head researcher… and with us gone, the new heads could replace it with their own.

—They were all caught up into a web of politics, treated as pieces of a now failed player. And with the player's disappearance, they were going to be thrown away to make room for others.

…Orga didn't expect them to do something like that so fast. Or act so wasteful. He'd have thought that having fought for quite a few years already and being subjected to various implants, they would be treated with more value instead of just being thrown away like trash along with their mechs.

Truly, it was the ruthlessness he had expected from adults. Did they do this out of stupidity perhaps? He was a veteran in all rights - could those paper-pushers and researchers not see how that made them valuable? Or were the replacements something they were really confident in, that their experience means nothing at all?

But whatever the answer… he knew that didn't matter. In the end, their current predicament wouldn't change.

"Orga! Orga, speak to us! What's happening!?" from the edges of his hearing, he could hear Norba shout in worry. "Did you speak with Command? Why are the extraction units still not here!? We've already been here for half an hour and there's still going to be more reinforcements coming in! Where are they!?"

The sentiment was mirrored with the rest of the squad. There were still no casualties, but that was only a matter of time. He could feel the anxiety of others when he went silent, uncharacteristic of his usual self.

But, as usual, their smartest had managed to realize what had been going on.

"…O-Orga, this…" Eugene muttered, horror slowly creeping in his tone. "No one is coming for us, is there?"

A heavy silence settled in the comms at that. Stating it out loud was something that he didn't want but the damage has been done. And while his squad members may have no idea the cause of what was happening, the results of it were still obvious to anyone in here.

And his lack of reply was the only confirmation they needed.

Orga knew firsthand that there are various ways his squad would react to it. None of it was truly voiced, perhaps because of the sheer shock from this revelation. One of them, however, voiced about what they all felt. It was said in a whisper but they might as well just have shouted it with how it cut through the din of everyone's minds.

"Are we going to die?"

Orga gritted his teeth and gripped his mech's controls tight.

"—No." he growled. "We're not going to die."

But before anyone could say anything else, he spoke those words.

He wouldn't accept that. He had promised they'd live together. And he wouldn't fail them now.

Perhaps things would truly be hopeless on any other occasion. In another world, this might be they're last stand. But right now, there was one thing. One thing that doesn't fit to it all, yet with this recent revelation, made him realize what it really was.

That note given to him in that gala… it wasn't a request nor a choice that Orga could decide on.

Instead, it was a warning. And also an opportunity.

"Abandon your posts! To hell with this mission! We're not going to die for those pieces of trash!" Orga shouted, determination filling his veins. "All units, cover each other and retreat! Then follow the coordinates I'll send to you! We're taking this somewhere else!"

His sudden order preceded whatever that would've happened from a broken morale. His squad thankfully latched onto his orders instead giving into despair, and they quickly moved their mechs to retreat. Orga went last to cover for the rest, before moving on.

Their enemies were clearly befuddled by their actions, considering they had essentially abandoned the place they were protecting. There was a short pause as they likely relayed what was happening to their superiors before a large group detached to move and capture the now vulnerable facility. The others meanwhile moved to chase them.

Orga clicked his tongue before moving to retreat like the rest, taking care to avoid the potshots aimed on his way. He hoped that they'd ignore them all entirely.

"Orga, where are we going?" Augus asked privately through the comms.

"Somewhere safe." he answered back. "We're going to die if we stay there."

"Yes, but at this rate…"

Orga exhaled.

"I know."

His Organic Interface Implant made him intuitively understand it more than anything. It was like in the back of his mind, warning him of what was to come if he and his squad continued what he was doing.

There were warnings that alerted him of his mech getting farther away from their objective. They were meant to defend it after all, and the fact that they weren't doing it is an important matter. It was a clear case of disobedience to their superiors, despite them betraying Orga and his squad first. And that was unacceptable.

Pilots like them were made to be tools. But still, they were humans that can make their own choices. And being able to pilot a weapon of war clearly meant that restrictions had to be put into place.

"M-My gun is unresponsive!" one female pilot shouted after a few kilometers of travel.

He clicked his tongue. It was starting.

"Protect her!" Orga shouted, before addressing the pilot. "And you, throw the gun away and keep moving!"

Their answer to potential disobedience? Make the AI of the mech stop them from doing certain things. Going out of bounds is discouraged, with some of the functions shutting off if they went too far from the objective. It was the same mechanism that stopped them from hitting 'friendlies' as well, making them unable to fire or even move a limb to hit them. It was why they weren't just able to kill his employers once they were put in the cockpit, because if it wasn't for it, then he would've probably done it long ago.

Put enough distance away from the objective and the mech will be unable to move entirely, although it would take about a hundred kilometers away or so. He was thankful that they weren't hard-coded to stop at a closer point but certain situations in the past must have proved that it was detrimental. Said certain situations also require special consideration, and that was when they usually needed to talk to the operator to request for the restrictions to be lifted.

Unfortunately, they had nothing like that now. He doubted the operator would answer nor even entertain his request.

"If your arms and guns stop working, keep running! If someone's legs stop moving, then carry them!" Orga kept shouting. "We're going to get out of this!"

The coordinates were now just a few kilometers away. The coordinates themselves were within the boundaries of the desertion restriction, likely taken into account by those who wanted them there. Still, they'd be slowed to a crawl at that point. They had a good lead from the enemy's inferior-made mechs, but with the restrictions in place, they'd eventually catch up.

They persevered. And eventually, it paid off as they reached it. However…

"I see it." Augus said through the comms. "It's… a coast?"

Indeed, what they were looking at was not a secret facility or anything that he would've expected. It was just a simple coast with no sight of anything man-made. It looked untouched by everything in the war. If their salvation was there, then it didn't look like it.

"What the hell are we going to do here!?" Norba shouted incredulously.

He didn't know. But they had no choice at this point.

"Just keep moving!" Orga shouted, keeping up a strong image. "That's where everything will be!"

"…Ahh, damn it all!" the young man shouted. "I swear if this is nothing, then I'll beat you up - you hear me Orga!?"

They moved. And just as he predicted, the restrictions were reaching in its fullest form. Their movements slowed to a point where they couldn't even walk a single step properly. A few had fallen to the ground, crashing heavily. Most couldn't even move. None of them could shoot their guns.

They were helpless.

And the enemy finally caught up. Behind them, he could hear the thrusters of the mechs as they finally arrived at their position. Orga could barely even turn his own mech to look back and stare at their would-be killers approaching them.

"So this is it, huh…? What the hell did we even go here for?" Altland muttered through the comms.

"At least the view is good." Eugene chucked, his macabre humor shining through. "Would've liked to swim on a beach for the first time in my life before I die though."

"That can't be right. Orga wouldn't want that to happen. He promised us." Augus defended him. "We're here for a reason aren't we, Orga…?"

He wanted to say yes. He wanted to convince himself of the fact as well.

But he didn't know. This was all a gamble - chasing the slightest chance for their survival when everything has gone wrong. But all they got was this coast with nothing in it.

Was there something supposed to be here? Did he miss whatever it was? Was he supposed to get here earlier, or later? Or worse, could he have mistakenly remembered the wrong coordinates entirely?

In the end, Orga could only ask those questions, wondering if he really did just lead them to a useless death.

…

…But it seems like he didn't need to wonder about it, after all.

Orga's eyes widened as one of the mechs landed on the ground - before an earth-shattering explosion suddenly engulfed it, destroying it fully. The others stopped as if in shock of what happened, before they too were engulfed by explosions.

"What the hell!?" Altland shouted bewilderedly, and the others also shared the same sentiment.

Bombs. Orga thought. There were bombs around the place.

Those that weren't caught up by the bombs or didn't get damaged much looked around for their enemies. They appeared in the form of rocket-propelled grenades that launched from somewhere within the trees. The explosive projectiles hit their large targets - not quite destroying them because they weren't artillery grade weapons - but still damaging them severely because of their inferior make.

Some of the mechs tried to shoot back from where it came from. However, their weapons were meant for obvious, heavy targets - kind of like armored vehicles or other mechs like them. Using it on infantry who made use of the dense forest terrain as cover and easily scattered was less than ideal.

"Orga, these people… were they who you were waiting for?" Augus asked in shock as they watched this new group engage with their enemies.

"Yeah, they are." he grunted, watching the situation with observant eyes.

He frowned at what he was seeing. While Orga was shocked and relieved at the sight of reinforcements, it was clear that it wasn't enough. There were still quite a few of the mechs remaining. Unless they were able to deal with that, then everything would be useless.

—But then came the last surprise.

There was a great splash from behind, and when Orga turned to look, he saw the sea parting as it made way for something gargantuan. Far out, a humanoid figure stood up from the deeper parts of the coastal waters, seawater gushing out of its parts like a torrential waterfall.

His eyes widened. Because what he was looking at…

It was definitely another mech.


Spoiler

Its eyes shined with blue light, targeting the remaining enemy mechs who reeled in surprise. But before they could do anything, the new mech suddenly activated its thrusters which kicked up a large wave behind it while quickly propelling it forwards, before it leveled its own gun at them.

Staccato gunfire echoed. Each payload from its firearm was like a death sentence. They punched through the mech's armors cleanly like his own weapon, and they were easily destroyed as the mech caught fire and exploded from damaged components.

Orga watched, mesmerized as their enemies were made short work of. He could see from the movements that their pilots also lacked the implants, but the ambush with the bombs and RPGs served as a great equalizer to the mechs outnumbering them. Eventually, all mechs were defeated, leaving only this new mech and Orga's squad.

And just like that, they were saved.

"Hello, is this on? It should be…" an unknown woman's voice began to speak in his private comms. It was when the mech had turned to his direction that he realized that he was speaking to the pilot of the mech that saved them. "Greetings. You would be Orga, correct?"

He realized that his throat was dry, and he resisted the urge to gulp down.

"Yeah. I am." he finally answered.

"I see. Then, the operation went exactly as planned. To think we'll get this many mechs as well… as expected of the Boss." the woman chuckled. It was with a mixed tone that she did so, one that showed awe and fear. He wondered why that is, before thinking he might be better off not knowing. "From what I understand you're interested in joining us?"

"…Yeah."

"Then, we give you our warmest welcome." she said. "Now, we'll have to move quickly. I believe that we have some people that can remove the restrictions in those mechs of yours. Then we'll haul those in the ship once it gets here."

As the woman continued to explain what they were going to do, Orga realized that whatever this group was, they planned for this whole thing to happen. From assassinating the head researcher and general, to influencing even their employers as well as their enemies…

As far as they're employers knew, they're unmoving mechs indicated they were defeated. They'd probably be thinking they were captured or something. Their enemies wouldn't be thinking the same, but it's not like they would be telling their employers that either. But for them - they were in the perfect position to disappear.

They were all masterfully manipulated, and all that stemmed from a single meeting in that gala.

There were plenty of questions that floated in Orga's mind as of late, but now, there was only one. One that only truly mattered.

What in the hell did they get themselves into?


…Seems like the mech pilot and his group finally got involved with us mischievous bunch.

I walked in the ship's hallway. The ship had exploded into action and was as busy as it could get due to recent events, but people still greeted me or gave me nods of respect, recognizing me as their super mysterious benefactor due to my super mysterious cloak that I usually garbed myself in.

It's like an identifier for us at this point. Kinda like those goofily-dressed guys in that punch ghost setting, but more tame. The world did like to emphasize characters with more importance by giving them distinct appearances, and this was just an extension of that.

In any case, everyone seemed to have their hands full as I passed by. I took it as a sign of everything going well.

The moment the fight was finished, we had quickly docked our ship on the coast and hauled the mechs inside the hull using the heavy machinery available to us and our own mech. Removing the wares of those smugglers made more than enough space for their whole group, with some to spare for the remaining intact mech parts we salvaged from their enemies.

And just like that, we finally have lots of mechs on our end. Furthermore, I could probably fix some of those me parts and make another one. We do have many potential pilots here after all.

Just as planned by our leader, as the others say. Her legend grows more and more.

Anyhow, while this was happening, I was officially 'out' making things smooth in the sidelines. And it was true - I did help the transition of the mech pilot's group into their masters into joining ours a smooth one. Little events were influenced to lead to this situation, and as far as he knew it was luck that prevented anyone from dying, not knowing I had something to do with it.

I also helped out a few enemy pilots that were actually decent here and there. I infiltrated both their enemies and the people they're working for, after all. Narratively, those pilots survived the crash and would probably live out to some peaceful village or some other war survivor story.

And now, once the mech pilot's group was comfortable in the ship, I took the opportunity to 'return' with one of my clones present and get out of my disguise.

I was currently going on my way to the ship's bridge. The mech pilot was there talking with V now that he planned to join our group, while the rest of his squad mingled with the others. I doubt he's comfortable right now, with how much of a conversation partner that emotionless blonde is.

"—Say, did you meet those mech pilots, Azee?"

As I walked towards the place however, I heard interesting people hanging around nearby the destination itself. Three women, one of them being Amida who was taking a smoke, and the other two… Ah, they would be the trusted people of our forewoman. Lafter and Azee, if I remember correctly.

"I did, but I didn't interact much. I was too busy with other things." the white-haired woman answered. "Why, what about them?"

"Well, it's just that they're clearly all younger than us. I just finished talking to a girl with them and she couldn't be more than fourteen. I wonder what the people they're working for are thinking, sending those kids to fight for them?" the twin-tailed woman asked with a frown.

There was a pause. "I'm thinking they don't care. From what I heard from them, their group was treated like nothing by their employers. Or masters, to be more accurate. Apparently, the reason why they joined now was because they were sent to die as bait for their enemies."

"…Things really are getting worse for this place, huh?"

"It's not like we haven't seen them drafting teenagers into war, though. At this point, age is just a meaningless number." Azee pointed out. "The Boss is as young or younger than we are, but you've seen how scary she is."

Lafter frowned. "I guess you have a point. Still, I can't help but feel ashamed. We're the adults here and yet we leave the fighting to those younger than us…"

"—You don't have to feel that way. I doubt they'd appreciate that." Amida suddenly interrupted them both. "They're all adults in their own right. Just treat them with the respect they deserve. Doing more would just be patronizing and insulting."

Both women blinked at her words. "You really think so? But…" Azee trailed off.

Amida shrugged. "That was what their leader said in his own words. And I have to say, I have to agree with him. All of them have this steel inside of them that most adults don't even have." she puffed a smoke with her cigarette, and continued. "It was already horrifying for us when we tried to cross warzones, so imagine fighting in the thick of it all like they did. Younger than us or not, they're definitely people to be respected."

Her statement was met with thoughtful expressions of the two.

"Hmm… I guess that makes sense. Maybe age really is just a number." Lafter said, a smile slowly growing on her face. "But if we're thinking that way… you know, one of them looks like my type. That big, burly pilot with them? Definitely caught my eye. And he looks like he's not that younger than me too." she hummed. "Maybe I should hang out with him?"

Azee choked beside her, before glaring at the twin-tailed woman. "W-Wha—? Are you serious? You're really thinking about that now?" she asked incredulously.

"What? What's wrong about it? Am I not allowed to think that?" Lafter gave her a smirk. "Plus, I don't think you're in any position to talk. Don't think that I didn't notice you appreciating the Boss' second-in-command too. Not that I blame you though, he's definitely my type as well. And killing those smugglers definitely gave him lots of points."

"Y-You…" Azee hissed. Her usual blank expression that I've associated with her, which was similar but not quite on the level of V's, broke slightly and gave way to a slight blush. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Really? You really don't?" Lafter elbowed the white-haired woman with a grin, making her receive an annoyed expression. "Guess it's more for me then~!" she teased.

"S-Stop that!"

Amida sighed. "You two should really quiet down. You guys are making a scene."

"She's right, you know."

They all stiffened when I interrupted, finally reaching where they were. The two women who were talking about me in particular stared with their eyes and mouth wide, clearly not expecting me to be around after being a subject of their flattering talk.

"E-Eh!? S-S-Since when were you…?" Lafter stuttered nervously.

I shrugged. "Caught the last part, I'm afraid. I'll keep it a secret though. Don't worry." I reassured them, but a high-pitched noise from her indicated she didn't feel reassured at all.

Azee, meanwhile, was losing her cool. "I— W-We, we weren't…"

I gave them a deadpan look. What's with these people? Last I checked, this was a war setting, not a school one. So why are they acting like a bunch of shy school girls?

"It's fine." I reassured them again, a touch exasperated this time. Then, I tilted my head in consideration, before speaking once more. "As an aside though, I'll also say that I find you two quite beautiful. That makes us all even. So there's no need to act like that."

The two women looked speechless at my words - and then reddened, blushing intensely from my compliment and from the sheer embarrassment from being caught earlier. They turned away from my gaze, with Lafter looking to the side and Azee palming her face, both women unable to speak or even look at me straight.

Amida looked at them and took pity. She then turned to me, giving me a nod. "It's nice to see you back. I assume you're here to talk with Orga and the Boss?" she asked.

"I am. I hope things went smoothly?"

Amida nodded. "Yes, everything went as the Boss said it would."

"That's great to hear. Now we have more mechs, and with the parts we obtained we could probably construct some more…" I trailed off, before turning to the two women. "Say, you two. Are you interested in being pilots?"

They both blinked, embarrassment momentarily forgotten.

"E-Eh? What?" Lafter said in shock.

"I was offering if you wanted to be the pilots from the mechs we could make." I repeated with a shrug.

With how they're connected to Amida, they likely shared the same backstory and motivation as she did. And as a consequence, they would have the same potential as the tanned woman has. All they need is a little bit of character growth and a training montage to be skilled. That's what I did with Amida, and she turned out great.

"I'll do it." the white-haired woman instantly accepted with a determined expression. "I want to help Amida when it comes to a fight."

"…I guess I feel the same way." the twin-tailed woman followed after recovering from her shock. "I'm in this too."

"You two… you don't have to do this." Amida looked conflicted, likely unable to decide whether to feel touched or worried about their desire to fight with her. Still, a hard look from both of them made her back down.

"We've already remained here with you even when we could've left all this behind. What makes you think we'll leave you fighting without us?" Lafter asked rhetorically with a smile.

Azee nodded. "We owe you too much for that."

Amida stared at both women, before letting out a sigh. "…Fine. Suit yourselves."

I smiled at the sight. Touching, but in the end they don't need to worry. I'll make this as bloodless as I could after all, even if the remaining themes of the genre are the same. Not a single innocent or undeserving person would die - and that included these people right in front of me.

They'll get their good ending. I'll make sure of it.

"Very well. I suppose you two will be pilots once those intact parts are repaired and assembled. I request that you find other volunteers who want to fight in mechs as well. There's quite a lot of those parts, after all." I said to them.

"We'll ask around." Amida said with a nod of her head.

"Thank you." I started to walk past them, but stopped right before passing Amida. "Oh, and before I forget—"

I put a hand on the tanned woman's shoulder. She was startled for a bit at my action before relaxing when she realized what I was doing. Still, Amida looked at me in great surprise, and I gave the woman a smile.

"—You've done great, Amida. You were incredible out there." I said, sincerely praising her for efforts.

The woman's eyes widened, and her cheeks reddened from my compliment in a similar manner from the two women earlier. The woman then nodded her head in thanks, grumbling something inaudibly out of embarrassment.

"U-Um, thanks." she muttered.

I gave her a final smile. And with that, I resumed walking to make my way to my destination. As I left behind the group though, I heard them mutter a few things that I managed to catch with my sharp hearing.

"Amida… could it be your type is also—?"

"Shut up. Both of you."

…I'm going to go ahead and ignore that.

With that said, after walking a bit further, I finally arrived on the bridge. I knocked on the door for politeness' sake, before opening it and entering inside. The only two people there turned to me - one of which was already aware of my presence even before I opened the door, and the other, reacting more with surprise.

Orga stood up from his seat. "You're… It's you. From the gala."

"It's great to see you again, Orga." I greeted him amicably.

"You've returned." V stated behind her usual desk, keeping up the facade that I was gone doing something. "Did everything go well?"

"Yes, everything went as well as it could've been. As expected of you, 'Boss'." I praised, much like how everyone was doing so after the success of this mission. "Things went just as you planned."

The woman looked as blank as ever, but a sharp eye from that of the supernatural or the drama genre could notice the slight twitch of her eyebrow. She really didn't like it when I referred to her as my superior. She's been so used to acting like a slave in her life that being treated as a superior was something she wasn't used to. Even just being complimented makes her squirm.

I'm not a person who would needlessly tease someone, but I made an exception for this. This was one of the most harmless ways to break the conditioning she was subjected to her whole life. And the woman certainly needs more opportunities to emote.

In other words, therapeutic bullying. Helps that her reactions are sorta cute too.

"…No thanks to your part." V said, trying to brush off the praise.

"Ah, but it pales in comparison to your greatness." I embellished, making her twitch again. Then, I looked at Orga who glanced at V with an unreadable expression, clearly thinking of her as some mastermind. "But more importantly, I see that both of you have acquainted yourselves already - I hoped I didn't interrupt you two, Orga?"

The mech pilot stiffened from suddenly being addressed but he swiftly recovered to answer. Still, I saw him gain an uncertain look as he considered my question. I suppose it's because they weren't really 'talking' before I came here.

"I… I was just asking a few questions to your boss… or rather, I suppose it's going to be my boss now." he answered, before pausing. "…You guys are really planning to stop the war?" he asked me.

"Yes. That is what this organization is all about."

"You all must be confident in doing it then. But I suppose I can't deny it with how easily you assassinated the head researcher and his retinue. Or how you manipulated things so that we could meet this way." he muttered, sitting back down in his seat. "Oh well. With how things are, we literally have no choice but to join here. It's not like we can go anywhere else at this point."

I hummed. "I think you have the wrong idea. You can refuse, you know? We're not forcing our members to join us here." I said, clarifying his situation. "If you do so, we give you a way out of this place and you move on with your lives, leaving all the fighting behind. We'll even give you some help, something to prop you up when starting your new lives."

The mech pilot looked doubtful. "Really now?"

"You can ask around the place. Everyone joined out of their free will." I said with a shrug. "We've done this to others, so why would you be an exception?"

His eyes narrowed. "Because we're pilots. Weapons. Tools of war."

"And there are plenty of others like that. Your refusal will not be a setback." I responded simply.

And it was true. The reason why we were doing this in the first place was to only provide a way for things to be consistent in the story. If they refuse, I can find other people willing to pilot it. Or perhaps, I'll pilot it with other identities. Both are pretty much the same in the eyes of the story if done properly.

"But the thing is…"

I stared at the mech pilot's hard eyes. His gaze was one that blazed with anger and ideals. Just like the rest of the people in this ship, our aims and goals - it all spoke to his heart. It was these qualities that led me to him in the first place. His unique qualities make him a great addition to the group.

"…You wouldn't refuse this at all, would you?"

A seinen and shounen mix. Idealism, tempered with reality. They make the most compelling characters, especially for a war setting like this.

Orga gritted his teeth at my words. "I know you're manipulating me. With how you've manipulated everything else, I'm pretty sure that this is all part of your plan. You did all of this pretty much thinking that I'll join your merry little band as if it's to be expected already. I don't like it one bit."

The mech pilot looked down to his hands, glaring hard at it… then, he sighed.

"…And I can't believe I'm falling for all this. I can't even muster the desire to refuse. Even out of spite, I couldn't." he chuckled mirthlessly. "I must be an idiot, throwing away the chance to live a peaceful life for more fighting."

"You'll find similar idiots in this ship, Orga." I said with a smile.

The mech pilot went quiet at that, getting his thoughts in order as he sat on his chair. Then, after a while, the young man spoke once more.

"…I can't speak for the others, but fine, I'll join." he said, before glaring at me and V. "But I'm going to warn you. I don't care if you saved us - if I find out that you're lying with what you're doing, then I'm calling it quits. And we're not going to be following orders that'll kill us either."

"That goes without saying. You're going to command the entire mech units that we have, after all. You'll be given authority and would be joining us when making plans during an operation."

He blinked in surprise, before recovering. "…I see. That's good. " he said with a nod of his head. "Then, with this, I'll be helping your… organization, to stop the war." he paused. "What did you call yourselves again? I never did find out."

I could feel V glance at me discreetly from that. I've avoided providing a name for our mysterious organization this whole time, after all. And while I could let it remain unnamed, there is power and weight in names, and I don't just mean that in a metaphorical sense.

This world did like things being poetic.

I glanced at the blonde. Yeah, I think that I have the perfect name for our little group.

"Golden Dawn."

The mech pilot blinked. And despite the blank face of the emotionless blonde, I could still feel her confusion behind it as she stared at me behind her table.

"Golden… Dawn?" Orga asked.

"Yes. That's the name of our group." I answered.

I suppose the confusion is understandable. It did come a bit from nowhere. Still, it was the perfect fit for this context. With everything we need already attained, and only needing a few more preparations on my part, we're already approaching the turning point in our plan. Such a name describes it perfectly.

Why was that the case, one might ask?

I smiled.

"—That's going to be the time it takes to end this war, after all."
Last edited: Feb 15, 2025
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Lucky_plucky_ducky, leks and 1,154 others
Skrubchap
Feb 15, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Mar 27, 2026
Add bookmark
#2,751
Wow, who's this guy again?



Chapter 23

In anime world, historical transitions are complicated.

The world, being such a mess of genres, means that things don't go as linearly as one might imagine. Attempting to force a change in such a large area is harder than it looks. After all, that area houses a lot of different stories happening altogether.

A historical transition is in essence a change of settings; It touches on a hodgepodge storylines that manages to not interact with each other due to increasingly contrived reasons from a country-wide to a global scale. This means that a historical transition, something acknowledged by everyone, has to touch every single different setting present in the area the change itself encompasses.

In short: if you want something to change on a large scale, then it has to make sense for the stories involved. Otherwise it wouldn't work, and things would go back to how it usually is.

So how do historical transitions happen then? How can a place change if all stories had to be taken into account for it to occur? After all, the world is slowly heading to a post-apocalyptic setting. There must be some condition for it to spontaneously take place or else this world will remain static.

The answer is simple. There just has to be enough stories for it to result that way.

The world is controlled by the narrative. But the narrative follows specific rules, and like any system which has a set of rules like classical and quantum physics - it follows the principle of least action, or in other words, 'takes the path of least resistance'.

So to make the setting change as a whole, many of the larger and more influential stories need to be steered into the direction of the desired change. Then once that happens, the others will follow. Because the only way to change the world in such a large way is to make it change itself.

And that's what we need to end the war.

…Though, there are some things to take note of.

Consider the following situations.

I could kill as many key officials or powerful people as I want. In fact, I could have easily done it during that time at the Gala. If I had chosen to install a bomb instead of having V shoot select people, then I could have eliminated enough people to affect the war effort. Logically, it works… but that isn't enough for the narrative, since the war would just continue on without them, or perhaps they would be replaced with people in similar roles.

I could also completely annihilate one side without care just so someone would win already. But more than likely, it would result in a complete asspull on the other side. Unexplainable events will usually result in unexplained measures by the narrative after all. And then, new elements would be introduced to explain that. Which follows with things spiralling out of control.

There are also other methods I can do. From efficient large-scale hypnosis to control every person in the nation, making them stop the war, to maybe something more outlandish like confiscating all weapons present so that no one can shoot or blow up each other anymore.

All hard stops to the current situation. A Deus ex Machina solution that came out of nowhere, resulting in an overall bad story in general. And of course, this wouldn't be accepted by the narrative itself. If I do something remotely similarly drastic to that, the world will stop my actions from taking effect.

So to make any effective changes, it must make sense narratively.

For the war to truly end, there must be an effective precedent. A perfectly reasonable cause, and something that would probably occur in the future naturally, with the only difference being the fact that we sped it up a bit and made it more certain to win.

That is the heart of why this organization, Golden Dawn, was created. It was a vessel to shift the narrative to our desired destination, embodying itself as the idea which, thematically and historically, makes sense after the tragedy and horror of a long-enduring war because of untouchable tyrants.

By that, I meant a single thing.

—Revolution.

…And then, it was decided.

The only thing needed to be done was to set the board, and once things were put into motion - every piece would easily and smoothly fall into place.

A preparation for the play that is to be.

"Hey… Did you hear about the rumors?"

It was honestly easy to gather support.

I am an out of context problem who can freely act in settings they do not belong in. My vast array of skills and abilities are abused to the unsuspecting populace so that they will be persuaded to join. They had no chance of dealing with it, and it's likely that they wouldn't even want to.

"There are whispers. About a group you can join."

Men and women, along with many of my own clones, blended among the people. We helped and took in the poor and the powerless. We sowed discontent, formed secret societies, and spread the word. We convinced those who are unwilling, struck by fear and cynicism, and gave them courage to let them join the cause.

I knew where to strike and how hard it needed to be, inserting myself into the countless storylines and skillfully guiding their narratives to align with what I wanted.

"They say that these people… they want to end the war."

Time went by. And our group grew.

Refugees, whose lives were upended and forced to traverse the battlefield, found themselves given the choice to truly leave it all behind and live a new life. Or to fight the very cause of their suffering.

Oppressed citizens, who live under the shadow of the elite, are given the chance to truly express their discontent and the opportunity to live in a far better place. Or to bring down the oppressors that trample on them for their own gain.

Sympathizers in power, who had lived far too long in war, are emboldened to finally stop the madness happening in the country. For them, it was an opportunity for a long-sought peace. But others also see a chance to steal power from the existing regime.

People joined, either forced due to their circumstance or out of their free will. To them our organization was a mysterious benefactor, filled with secretive darkness as much as it acted as their hopeful light, and joined one of the many secretive cabals in the world.

But what mattered was that in the end, it all seamlessly integrated into their own stories.

For those consumed with revenge and fights for righteousness, we are allies and people to swear their loyalty to. For those who are on the wrong side, we are a looming foe and people who cast doubt on their cause. For the majority, we are simply an afterthought - but involved in their story nonetheless.

And so, our organization became a key part of the setting. The tides had changed. And the narrative, despite being ever so tumultuous, finally headed into a certain direction.

One that was whispered in secret by those who are involved.

"A new dawn is near."

Tensions rose, yet strangely the nation simply waited with a bated breath. This was the calm of the storm, a stage where the world waited for the necessary flag for each and every storyline to be planted. One, where tripped, would set off everything.

And then, on that fateful day.

When their guards are down, and when they least expect it.

The day broke golden.





At the Imperial Palace, right in the country's capital. A few hours past midnight.

Right now the place, which is undoubtedly described as the den of the most corrupt and indulgent people in the country, is holding a banquet. The event itself is almost identical from the military galas thrown in the capital almost every week. From the luxury displayed to the point of gaudiness, and to the sinister undertone of snakes plotting around one another.

However, if there was one thing that could be said as different from the ordinary galas hosted - it would be because of those participating in the banquet itself. The mere fact they are allowed to set foot in the Imperial Palace makes them a very big deal. These 'guests' have the power to decide the state of the country; the backbone of the war effort, one can say. They are the ones which the crown cannot afford to lose support from.

In short, the elite of the elite. Untouchable, immovable people that the normal ruling class can only dream to become, carrying enough wealth that an average person could never comprehend.

There's a reason why they didn't care about the assassination in the recent gala. Even as the ruling class was still shaken by what had happened, they still attended the banquet. With that much power they hold in their hands, these people have nothing to worry about.

And furthermore, the banquet was held in undoubtedly the most secure place in the country. The Imperial Palace contains hundreds of veteran soldiers outfitted with the finest arms guarding the perimeter. And not only that, the palace was defended with various anti-aircraft systems if planes were nearby.

Not that they'd likely find any use. No, it's very likely that these are all for appearances. Because if they were fighting, then that means an army is right on the capital's doorstep, and they'd have much more problems than defending an Imperial Palace.

However the statement of this place being the most secure place still holds true.

—And that would be because the Imperial Mage Army, the country's secret army who fought the hidden magical war beneath the mundane fighting, assigned their men to defend the place.

One of these imperial mages, the leader of her own unit even, was a little girl who looked like she just began puberty. Child soldiers were commonplace, but the sight of her was definitely a stark contrast to the old veterans present in the palace. However, those in the know would say that she had every right to be there, as the same girl was a very deadly combatant with a significant three digit kill count on her belt.

Plus, she also had a very big secret that no one else knew.

Tanya was, in fact, a reincarnator.


Spoiler

She never thought that she'd be reduced to a guard for social parasites. She never imagined that things would come to this point, really.

When her past self was killed, instead of going to Japan, she was instead reincarnated by a petty god to some gaijin country as a girl. Through sheer grit and hard work she had managed to claw her way up to this position after a string of unfortunate events. And up until she managed to find the opportunity to settle on a peaceful position in the rear, she resigned herself fighting in a constant war in the battlefield.

Usually she'd be in the frontlines fighting enemy mages by now… but it seems that her assignment today was different. Because for some reason, their secretive organization decided that this particular event was important enough for them to use their mages as guards and assigned the best ones that they have available.

Tanya had a feeling that their superiors are just looking to boost their funding and that they're being used as toys to show off, but she honestly didn't find it bad. In fact, this sort of mission is what she preferred. A comfortable life in the rear, without the chaos of the battlefield.

And so, she had prepared herself for a peaceful mission, about to treat this as some sort of break… Until she remembered that a certain petty god probably wouldn't allow that to happen.


Spoiler

The prospect of a peaceful mission for once was mercilessly trampled when the palace floors and walls shook from a distant yet resounding explosion. She felt the tremors of what was undoubtedly a high order explosives' detonation right to her bones, accompanying the chill of realization that perhaps things might not be as easy after all.

And now with the Imperial Palace under attack, everything had gone into shit.

"—Damn it, who the hell are these people!? Where did they come from!?"

It was uncharacteristic of her to shout like that, but she couldn't help but feel frustrated with this chain of events. Still, despite her temper getting the best of her, she didn't pause in shooting down the enemies storming the entrance of the palace who made use of the gap in the defenses due to the previous explosion.

She and her unit had quickly taken to the skies the moment the attack happened in order to observe the situation. From what little she could see with her reinforced eyes in the chaos, their enemies were professional soldiers. They quickly stormed while moving in formations and assisted with armored vehicles - a sight that was very familiar to her, being commonplace in the frontlines.

Still, that didn't really worry her. These people are mundane infantry, and as mages they could easily wipe out these soldiers without breaking sweat. No, in this situation, it was the implications of this situation disturbed her more than anything.

Somehow their enemy somehow snuck in soldiers into the capital. Something like that is outright unacceptable. Has this country become so shit that national security is no longer a concern? Did the rich become so full of themselves that their heads are up their ass?

And what's more, this sort of development… then it's very likely that—

"Major Tanya! More enemies in the right wing!" one of her officers shouted. "They're mages!"

She clicked her tongue.

"All units, head to the right wing of the Imperial Palace. Leave those ordinary soldiers for now." she commanded.

Her troops listened with practiced efficiency. They immediately flew back into the building and headed full speed to the palace's right wing, flying through the corridors that she had already mapped in her head. And not even arriving at the place itself, she could hear the telltale sounds of magical explosive gunfire roaring from afar.

"Split up into squads!" she shouted, before reminding them of the goal. "Protecting the guests is the priority, so focus on delaying the intruders for them to be evacuated! Distract them and keep them from going further!"

"""Yes sir!"""

"—First company, with me!"

With that, her unit separated and went through different corridors to spread out as much as they could. For this occasion, it would be the right move as the enemy mage's aim would be to cause as much havoc as they can. The palace's halls were like a labyrinth so the possibility of losing just a single mage and letting them roam free could be devastating.

However, before all that, there should be something that they should take care of; and by that, she meant preventing the mages from going inside the palace in the first place.

Tanya and the rest of the first company flew out of the large hole that the mages probably made to enter, and there they saw other Imperial mage units already engaging with the enemy.

Her eyes narrowed as she took on their enemy's appearances. They all wore cloaks that hid their identities, but it immediately became clear to her that these aren't the usual people that they fought. The magic they used was unfamiliar, and yet their weapons were virtually identical to the ones used by the Imperial Mage Army.

Traitors? No, that wouldn't explain the magic. Likely stolen weapons then. Still, who could they be—?

One of the mages' robes fluttered as they flew, and she caught sight of a symbol on what could vaguely be described as a uniform. It was a triangular emblem with a circle - no, a sun - seemingly rising from a line indicating a horizon.

Tanya had made herself aware of the various enemies of the Imperial Mage Army and all the other mystical groups outside the country. While she hadn't seen that exact symbol, it looked remarkably similar to one group she had learned during her studies.

Ordo Hermeticus Aurorae Aureae.

"Golden Dawn…?" Tanya muttered.

The mage, seemingly hearing her despite the chaos, turned to her. And then they immediately launched themselves towards Tanya and the rest of the first company with other mages quickly following behind, magical circles forming to ready their shots.

She quickly brought up her gun to shoot and immediately did evasive maneuvers. Then, while silently bringing out her own spells, she deftly weaved through the magical projectiles and launched herself towards the mages as well.

They didn't expect it. Most were only able to flinch when she gunned them down, not expecting her bold move to simply charge on the volley of magical projectiles. There were some who managed to escape and block it though. Then, befitting hardy soldiers, they counterattacked - to which she quickly disengaged.

In any case that simple exchange caused smoke and gore to fill the sky above the palace. Tanya ducked into the smoke to obscure the enemy's vision of her. She didn't stop moving, and used the opportunity to reposition herself—

A tanned hand suddenly reached from the smoke and grabbed her arm. Her eyes widened, and before she could slice it off with her magic blade… She was punched at the gut.

"—Gghk!"

Tanya almost puked out her dinner and was sent flying out of the smoke cloud. Still, she grit her teeth and immediately righted herself. It was due to it that she was able to notice the projectile shot her way and dodge it. Then, while trying to fight through the pain - she looked up.

It was them. The mage which she saw the symbol from. Looking closely now, while the cloak hid their identity, she could see that they had tanned skin and a sharp jawline. She could also see the hints of blonde hair at the back of their neck. Clearly a man, one that reminded her of those delinquents in her past life.

"You must be the Imperial Mage Army's Fairy."

He also spoke to her. Tanya's eyes narrowed at the brazenness of talking right in the middle of a fight. With reinforced limbs, she instantly brought up her gun that would put western gunslingers to shame and shot him in the head.

The mage tilted his head slightly, letting the bullet fly harmlessly to the distance. She clicked her tongue and quickly brought up her targeting system spell. That made the mage quickly launch towards her while shooting his own gun.

And yet he didn't stop talking. "You're quite a skilled soldier, I admit. A ferocious monster in the battlefield with the tactical mind to match. This level of skill and competence is unheard of… Well, for a child your age that is."

Tanya dodged the projectiles and launched her own. This time, the targeted spells tracked the mage - so even if he tried to dodge them it would just follow his trail. Normal shields would also quickly fall apart if all the projectiles focused on one target. It should've been over.

But then magic circles appeared in thin air around the mage. It was just ordinary offensive spells, nothing special… except they were aimed exactly where her targeted projectiles will land. The spells launched and made her projectiles explode midflight, effectively leaving the mage untouched.

Her eyes widened. What was that spell? The amount of calculations needed to predict that…

She was steadily increasing the threat level of her opponent in her mind. In a scant few seconds, her mind raced to think of a way to bypass that ridiculous defensive spell of his. But then - the mage said something that made her thoughts come to a halt.

"It really does feel like I'm fighting someone with the mind of an adult. Don't you think so, Fairy?"

What?

She tried not to show her emotions, yet his statement made her completely flabbergasted.

"I wonder what you are. Are you perhaps someone who time traveled? Did you possess a little girl? Or did you reincarnate as her?" the man continued, uncaring that each question pounded Tanya's mind with implications. "I admit, I don't pay much attention to you. So I'm quite unaware."

Tanya stared at the mage. She couldn't answer him - rather, it was her that wanted to ask questions she'd like him to answer. There were so many appearing in her mind right now; burning questions, all related to the fact that this man might know something.

But right now, she undoubtedly asked the most important one.

"…Who are you?" Tanya muttered, speaking to him for the first time.

"No one you should pay attention to. I don't think we'll meet again anyways." he answered, making her brows furrow. "We're just here to act out a play. A little piece of the puzzle in the grand scheme of things. You know, just to bring about a new age and all that."

How frustratingly vague. If this guy loves his voice so much to monologue, then he should've had the grace to at least provide useful information. It looks like she'd have to get the information out of him.

Still, that meant capturing him alive. Can she even afford to do that in this situation? No, that wasn't the right question. This person was clearly no ordinary mage - So can she even capture him in the first place?

Tanya grit her teeth. Either way, she'd have to stall her time to complete her mission. And if this person were to join the fight, then it would be a disaster.

"You won't be able to find anyone in this palace. His Majesty and the Royal family have already evacuated, along with the rest of the guests." she brought up her gun. "This is just an empty building you're capturing, and the full might of this country's military will bear down on you after this. If you have any sense, then go back to your country, you pig."

"Ahh, I see. Your past life must be Japanese, huh?"

Her brow twitched. The man raised his hands placatingly.

"Kidding, kidding. Anyway, I know you're evacuating those guys inside. So they're probably in a very defended bunker right now." the mage continued, before sending her a smile. "…But you know, what if those supporting this operation were among those people? What will you do?"

"What the hell are you on about?"

"Well, the thing is - you're mistaken. We're not here representing the country you're opposing. In fact, we're here to represent this country itself. A lot of the people here in the capital and beyond carry our same beliefs, and we're just acting on it. You should know what that means, right?"

She can connect the dots.

"You're revolutionaries." she muttered. "And why would the Golden Dawn involve themselves with such a thing? England isn't even an enemy of this country. What's your goal?"

"Oh, that? That's just the narrative retroactively connecting things." Tanya gave him a confused look, but he didn't explain any further. "As for our goal though… Well."

He shrugged. "We want to end the war. That's the point of all this, you could say."

Her breath hitched slightly at that, and the mage didn't miss it.

"I imagine that's what you'd also like," he continued. "You must've lived a difficult life the moment you reincarnated here, so something like that is the best thing to happen for you… So, how about it? Why don't you throw away your loyalty and join us? I get the feeling you're the pragmatic sort, and I doubt the people you're with right now are very accommodating."

At that Tanya looked around, and it was then that she realized that for some reason, no one found it strange that they're just floating around talking. Imperial Army mages and their enemies fought without even sending a glance on her way. And there weren't even any calls from her radio. It was like they disappeared from the world.

This must be the result of the mage's magic. Again, his threat level is getting higher and higher.

"So?" the mage prompted. "I'm waiting."

Tanya grit her teeth.

His offer was tempting… But it was also incredibly suspicious. Putting aside the fact that she wasn't even sure he was telling the truth about them being revolutionaries, she wasn't even sure whether they'd succeed in the first place. And she didn't like to put her eggs in one basket.

Then of course, there's the fact that she somehow knew about her reincarnation. Tanya wanted to know. She wanted to learn all about it. But usually, whenever it involves those topics, then it usually has to do with that petty god.

And if that thing comes up… then there's only one answer.

The mage must have seen something in her face since they nodded. Then, he turned to the side as if seeing something out there in the distance.

"Alright. If that's your choice." their voice didn't hold any trace of anger or disappointment, just someone acknowledging a fact. "Just wait for a bit, this'll end soon."

Hearing that ominous statement, she readied her gun to attack. What happened instead though was that the mage brought something out from his clothes. Her reinforced eyes were able to identify what it was: a clunky, box-like device that looked like a cross between a telephone and a battery.

She had a hard time recognizing the thing as the man fiddled with it. But a closer look made her recall a familiar device that she had seen from time to time within military encampments.

Is that… a locator beacon?

Before she could wonder what he was planning to do with it, the mage spoke once more.

"Don't worry, you won't die. I'm guessing that with the war ending and with me knowing so clearly of your condition, you'll just enter a new stage. This entire nation's setting will change after all." he spoke, much to her complete confusion. "And I suppose, as someone who gained the role of greeting you to the next part of your story, I'll give you a proper welcome."

The man looked up. And she found herself doing so as well.

And then, Tanya paled.


Spoiler

"The world is vast, Tanya. There's a lot of things you'll find beyond your life of war. I'd imagine you'd encounter many different things since you've met me here. You'd gain more enemies, more allies, learn more magic, and of course, more knowledge about your destiny."

W-What the hell? What sort of magic was this…!?

The man smiled, but she couldn't for the life of her understand why he was so calm.

"Let's see if your story gives you a good ending, and if you managed to learn something precious along the way… And with that, I wish you good luck on your endeavors, Tanya."

And so, as the mage finished his piece—

—The sky fell.


A mighty crash.

A moment of stabilization on his part.

And then, grim silence.

" —This is Orga, I've landed in the Imperial Palace at the desired location."

He never thought things would become like this.

The plan was that he and his mech were deployed the moment after the initial chaos. He was going to assist in the capture of the Imperial Palace. Being undoubtedly the most defended and important place in the whole country - the help of his mech would be invaluable.

He just didn't think that they'd be doing that by dropping him fifteen kilometers above the air.

Orga knew that making a mech, a rogue mech at that, get to the Imperial Palace on the ground was going to have some problems. And that dropping him from an aircraft carrier would probably be the most efficient method to do it. But the experience of falling from that high up was still unsettling. And what's more, his organic interface implants connected his sense of balance with the mech, so it really felt like he was falling from high up.

Nevertheless he bore with it for the sake of the mission. Thankfully, he was skillful enough in his landing that calling up a self-diagnostic command reported no damage. There were a few warnings on the joints of the mech's foot, but that could be ignored.

"No damages as well." he reported. "Airdrop is successful."

Orga then looked around.

After landing, his mech had completely destroyed the land surrounding him. What remained of what was likely a very luxurious garden turned into nothing but broken rubble and dirt. Nearby trees were also uprooted, jutting out in tilted angles or outright falling down on the ground.

Still, what caught his eye were the few bodies that were scattered all over. A fight here must've occurred earlier., judging by the traces of explosions and bullets around. And also, bloodied remains of body parts.

Orga frowned. What the hell happened here? Looking closely, the corpses here look like they were blown away by explosives instead of dying by gunshots. There were also some who are intact though, and the mech's UI indicated that they're still breathing and just unconscious. Most of them were enemies though, based on the clothing—

He stopped. One of the unconscious bodies was a small girl, somewhere between ten or twelve years old. The girl also wore a military uniform like the others, except it was tailored to her size. And right beside her was her own gun.

She was clearly a soldier. But for the life of him, he couldn't figure out why sending a small girl like that to fight in a war would be a good idea. That girl probably had it worse than he and his squad did.

"…I guess even outside the company, these things still happen." Orga muttered bitterly.

The weak get exploited by those in power. That was simply how the world works.

Before he could brood on those thoughts however, he was interrupted when someone contacted him.

"Orga. We've detected mechs approaching your coordinates." one of the operators notified him. "Two—No, three are headed your way as we speak. They're headed to the Imperial Palace, ETA in one minute."

He exhaled.

"I'll deal with them." Orga told them, before looking past the horizon. Then he asked a question. "…How is it going for the others?"

It was only Orga who was participating in this fight here in the Imperial Palace. While capturing this place is paramount, the entire plan to capture every place where forces are consolidated in the country. Due to the ability of a single mech to overturn a battle, his squad was split to carry out a simultaneous attack to overwhelm everyone.

Most of his squad right now were probably fighting in some other city, and others on military outposts. His sworn brother, Augus, was attacking company hangars where they put their mechs on standby. He trusts in his squad and their abilities, but…

The operator must have heard his concern. "They're fine. Most of your squad quickly accomplished their objectives. The plan is proceeding smoothly." they said, before their tone hardened. "The mechs are heading your way. Get ready."

He didn't need to be reminded. In the distance, right past the palace and into the city itself - he could see the silhouette of mechs flying their way towards him with their propulsion units working overtime. He brought up his armor-penetrating submachine gun to shoot at them.

Bullets as large as artillery shells left his gun. It was aimed at the enemy mech's center of mass, and with their great forward momentum, they would be unable to dodge smoothly out of the way—

A spark of blue. The bullets didn't reach the target, but rather seemingly got deflected by a blue dome surrounding the mech that appeared out of nowhere.

His eyes narrowed. "What?"

The enemy mech brought their gun up and shot back. Orga deftly dodged out of the way, before returning fire as well. This time he shot the other mechs, but those blue domes also protected them from his bullets. So he wasn't imagining things.

"They have shields?" Orga muttered. "How convenient. Why the hell weren't we given any of that?"

He wasn't expecting an answer. However, an unrecognized signal suddenly replied in his comms nonetheless.

"So you must be Pilot Orga. And here I thought you died after your stunt during your last mission."

His brows furrowed, but he ignored the words of what were undoubtedly his enemies. Instead, Orga crashed his way into the Imperial Palace to provide himself temporary cover, causing chaos on nearby enemy soldiers, before exchanging gunfire with the mechs.

Unlike him, who had to move quite a lot to avoid damage, his enemies were content to just stay there and absorb the attacks with their shields. Orga clicked his tongue.

"Tch. I need to have some way to deal with that…"

As Orga's mind raced for a way to deal with this new obstacle, the enemy pilot continued speaking.

"Is this the power of the previous generation of orphans? I have to say - with your current performance, I can't understand why they hype you so much." he spoke, tone disappointed. "But then again, our superiors did order you to be trashed so it doesn't matter… In the end, they recognized that you weren't enough."

His eyes narrowed as his mech ducked and weaved on shells headed his way, electric servos and hydraulic actuators moving in overtime to keep up with his fast movement. Dodging took most of his concentration, but despite that, something the enemy pilot mentioned had caught his attention.

"Previous generation?" Orga muttered. Then, with a thought, he activated his comms to speak with the pilot for the first time. "Who the hell are you?"

"That should be obvious, isn't it?"

The enemy mech suddenly moved, launching himself towards Orga while shooting at him. Recognizing that he would be unable to dodge the shells if the distance was close enough, Orga set propulsion units sent to maximum, to maintain distance.

It wasn't enough.

"Faster, stronger, smarter! The mechs that you use and the Organic Interface Implant that you have in your spine, it's all obsolete compared to us! We're the ones that serve as your replacement!" the enemy pilot shouted. "Us Newtypes are the evolutionary leap! Our genes are fundamentally superior, so much so that we're classified as a higher life form! We'll surpass your feats in no time and bring glory to the company like no one ever did before!"

Newtype? So that must be the name of the new batch of orphans. And judging from the pilot's words, they must have been subjected to a different treatment than them. Something about genes. Orga has no idea how that works, but if they were considered to be better, then he can't underestimate them.

Still, that probably means that these people are the company's lab rats. And considering that the pilot was also very prideful of his abilities along with his loyalties to the company, it likely also meant that they were indoctrinated to the core.

No choice but to continue fighting then.

"We'll see." he replied laconically.

The fight went on. Orga tried to keep up with the movements of the enemy mech while also dodging the gunfire of his allies. And yet, as if true to the words of what the enemy pilot was saying, they were able to keep up with his movements and even anticipate it as if they could see the future. He took glancing hits from the shells hitting his armor, making his mech's interface scream warnings.

He was also aware that the scene around them is in chaos. He had vaguely realized that in their fight, they had moved into the area where most of the soldiers fought. Enemy artillery was shooting at him and his opponent both.

Their mechs are undoubtedly kept secret from these soldiers. And while he doesn't usually involve normal people from his targets, finding it unnecessarily cruel, he opted to shoot them and support the invading force. As he did so, he also grabbed one anti-air and gripped it with his arms.

In the scant few seconds that followed, fighting with his one hand occupied cost him plenty of glancing hits, even causing direct ones which were thankfully caught by the mech's armor. However, despite the losses in the exchange, his reason for doing so was revealed.

He waited for the right timing when one of the mechs had too much momentum and had to resort to their shields. Then Orga set his propulsion units to maximum and twisted his entire mech around to gain leverage - before throwing the anti-air hard.

It was much slower than a bullet being shot. Yet, it was also significantly heavier. Perhaps the speed of what was entering the shield was what differentiated what went in or not - because debris and other things seem to pass through it - so it meant that what he also threw went past the shields.

So, while seemingly not expecting his actions - It hit the mech hard, bringing it down to the ground. Orga quickly used that opportunity to get to melee range of the downed mech. The fact that he was able to pass through the shields himself led credence to his theory, and he stomped on the neck of the mech, severing its head.

"Tch! Damn it!"

It shut down as vital functions ceased. Idly, he also heard the enemy's voice curse in his comms. Orga moved again, dodging the next volley of bullets that came his way. While doing that, he picked up an enemy APC that was unfortunate enough to be nearby.

In response, the two mechs quickly gained distance and circled him. They realized and instantly adapted to what he was about to do. That was a problem.

He turned on his comms. "This is Orga. Requesting assistance dealing with these mechs, they have shields."

There was no reply, but he did hear an affirming beep. Orga then followed it by throwing the APC at the mechs. It was quickly gunned down by them, since they expected him to use it to get close.

They couldn't be any more wrong.

Mech pilots are extremely aware of their surroundings. The Organic Interface Implant in his spine allows him to intuit the information his mech's sensors detect. As such, you can say they almost have full 360 degrees vision. It should be the same for this 'Newtype'... But that only really applies if they were focused on their surroundings.

And so, preoccupied by his presence and distraction, they failed to notice the smart missiles launched from up high heading towards them. And by the time the warnings from the mech's systems or whatever upgrades they have arrived, it was already too late.

A medium-sized explosion enveloped the mechs from above. The shield visibly rippled as it protected the two mechs, belying its great protective capabilities, but that wasn't what mattered.

What mattered was that it caused the two mechs to get knocked down. Even amidst the suddenness of what happened, they still quickly tried to recover - but Orga had already ruthlessly exploited this moment of weakness.

Again, he moved to melee range on one of the mechs and sliced his hand through its neck, bypassing the plating to hit the vulnerable parts. Like the previous one, that shut down the mech.

He turned to the other one and—

"Graaaaagh!!!"

—Orga quickly gained distance as the enemy shot him furiously. In his comms, he heard the furious shout of the enemy echo in his cockpit.

"Why!? Why are you winning!? We're supposed to be the superior! THE BEST!!!" he heard the voice shout. "You're all inferior and obsolete! So accept that, roll over and just DIE!!!"

The enemy pilot suddenly started throwing a childish tantrum in the middle of the battlefield. It was an absurd sight, and one that Orga didn't even deign with a response. He could only wonder what sort of conditioning they did on this poor pilot for them to be this way.

Still, his thoughts aside, there was a single pilot remaining for him to deal with. The enemy's mental state was furious and wild, which meant he could use it.

Another airstrike should do the trick. Although his enemy would undoubtedly be more on guard this time.

"This is Orga. Requesting assistance again." he hailed.

There was a moment where the comms didn't reply. Then, a few seconds later, a familiar voice answered him.

"—Stay put. I'll be dealing with it." The Boss answered.

Orga paused momentarily. What?

He thought that he misheard, but he was sure that the leader of this operation answered just now. And what's more, she said that she'll take care of the mech somehow.

The sheer confusion almost led him getting shot in somewhere vital. Orga quickly gathered his composure and focused again on his enemy. But while he went back to exchanging gunfire and doing evasive maneuvers, his mind raced.

What did she mean? What is she going to do?

His questions were answered when his sensors alerted him of something above. Orga checked what it was - before his eyes widened.

It wasn't a missile. It was too small for it. It wasn't a bomb either.

It was a person. Falling from the sky and heading straight to the enemy mech.

He wondered if he had gone insane, seeing this in his sensors. But a double and triple check proved that he wasn't. Then, Orga wondered if the person falling was insane.

"What the hell…!?"

And it seems that the enemy was questioning it too. He was on guard for more missiles headed his way, but not whatever this was.

Orga wasn't sure what was being attempted here or what they planned to accomplish. But he did expect that it would end in a grisly manner as the person, who still wasn't deploying their parachute despite being so near the ground, eventually landed.

—But none of that happened.

Instead, Orga watched through his advanced sensors as the person's silhouette angled their body, causing them to head right towards the enemy mech regardless of their trajectory and the air resistance.

Perhaps the enemy pilot felt something in their instincts because, somehow thinking it was a threat, it swiped its arm to the person to hit it as they passed through the shield.

Orga was already stunned by this point. But what happened next simply made him question his reality.

Because, in a feat that defies physics, the person avoided the hit and started running down the mech's arm. He watched as the person scaled the mech like a David and Goliath fable brought to life, before eventually reaching the center chassis where the pilot's cockpit was located.

Then, the person reared back their arm and punched.

The almost indestructible mix of alloys and nano-laminate that the mech's armor was constructed from, the wonder material which the pinnacle of material science can achieve, broke.

—And the pilot inside the cockpit was revealed.


Spoiler

"W-What..." he stuttered in complete shock, fear, and everything in between. "What the hell are you…!?"

The person simply loaded their pistol in front of the pilot, before pointing it on their head.

There was no answer. Only a deathly stare that pierced the enemy pilot's being, which was accompanied with a cold realization of what was about to happen.


Spoiler

The pilot's face twisted. "I—!"

The gun was fired, interrupting his words before he could finish it. And the pilot's face turned slack as his brains decorated his entire cockpit, and his body slumped against his seat.

And with the pilot's death, the mech stopped moving and shut down.

Just like that, a grave silence settled on the battlefield. His fight with the enemy mechs had left the surroundings completely upended, leaving nothing but death and destruction behind. It was a ghastly sight - but nothing came close to the dread he felt from the impossible view of the Boss looking coldly at the corpse of an enemy pilot.

The Boss brought her gun down and jumped off the enemy mech's cockpit, landing on the soft ground.

"Secure the perimeter. Our other forces are currently capturing the palace right now." she suddenly radioed Orga. "Make sure nothing gets in the palace grounds."

He found himself nodding obediently, even though she couldn't see it.

"R-Right. I'll go do that." he replied.

With his affirmation, the Boss inclined her head. There was not a single change in her perpetually blank face despite pulling off this unbelievably insane stunt of hers. Then she started walking towards the Imperial Palace.

Orga watched her, face blank.

His mind raced as it tried to process what it just saw. He tried thinking of explanations as to how she was able to do that, but all he could think of was the Boss wielded advanced technology. In fact, with that mechanical arm that she wields, it probably means that she was a cyborg of some sort.

But whatever technology she wielded, it was definitely much more advanced than the very mech he was piloting. It was to a point that it almost looked like magic; And not for the first time ever since joining this organization - he wondered who the hell his superiors are, for them to have this sort of thing at their disposal.

And so, as Orga went on to do what he was ordered to do, he settled upon a single realization.

—It seems that there are a lot more monsters in the world than he had realized.





One hour since the beginning of the assault.

The Imperial Palace had completely turned into a battlefield. Walls, floors, and ceilings turned into rubble, and there was no trace of its majesty from before. This location, which serves as the penultimate symbol of the country she was born in, became indistinguishable from the many structures that had served as a combat zone for many soldiers in the frontlines.

Her long-ingrained skills from her training allowed her to efficiently traverse this environment, even if she didn't need to do it since she had long since passed what a normal human was capable of. The magic and martial arts she was taught is incredibly useful for many things when it comes to combat, although she didn't want it to serve as a crutch and still applied what she learned before.

Still, it couldn't be denied that at her state, she was enough to deal with the forces that come on her way even if she was currently alone.

Soldiers that were defending the palace were defeated with her own hands. Either mundane ones, or those flying mages who wielded magic with their guns. The latter were harder to deal with considering their supernatural abilities, but she had dealt with them all the same.

And while she did that, V gave orders as the supposed leader of this entire operation.

"Reporting." An operator informed her from the comms. "Airfields and supply depots are secured. The capital's military outpost is also captured by Miss Avida and the others. Furthermore, there was an initial resistance with police and reserve forces, but they quickly surrendered."

"Is that all? Are there no issues?" she asked.

"…There is a minor issue with communications. It's getting hard to contact the units in the military outposts, but otherwise, there's nothing wrong ma'am." the operator answered.

She noted what they had said. Interference in their comms was impossible - they were using futuristic equipment that Basa reverse-engineered from future 'witches', and while it's not perfect, the chances of this happening is astronomically low.

Still, she didn't deny the operator's words. Instead V switched to a different channel, where another operator responded.

"…The targeted key points in the capital are mostly captured, ma'am. Economic and industrial zones are subjugated. Transportation hubs are also seized and blockaded." There was a pause. "As for military outposts, capture is still in progress. The troops encountered a mage unit stationed there."

It was conflicting with the information provided by the previous operator. But it was expected - the genre divide had simply prevented the other operator from knowing what was happening. They structured their communication systems to deal with such things, allowing her to know what was happening throughout every place, in every setting through different operators.

And so, V listened to all other reports of what was happening. Not just in the capital, but also to the other cities that they deemed important enough to capture.

"Relay my orders."

Although, even if their communication network can span over the genre divide, it still depended on meta characters like them to utilize their army fully. And with that, V told them what to do.

She was neither a good strategist nor a competent general. But that wasn't what she needed to do; her role was to simply become the lynchpin in communications, as well as preventing any negative developments from rising at all.

—A tragic last stand was avoided by sending nearby reinforcements that lacked communications due to being in a different setting.

—Tempted fate and mission gone wrong set ups were prevented by focusing more units in those places.

—A large loss of life from an overpowered enemy reveal was minimized by an early retreat.

Things that are entirely preventable by someone familiar with how the plot will go, were prevented. And while she had no opportunity to interact with media containing those tropes, Basa had taught her all about it, and she could easily recognize the signs and act on them.

In effect, it led to them winning a lot of battles. And those victories occurred on a tactical and a strategic scale. And as such, they became an army that assaulted every aspect of the narrative. Winning battles in wildly different plots which, in turn, would force to change the direction of the narrative in whole.

And then eventually…

"…The enemy army is subjugated." the operator she was last talking to breathed out. "I-It's just like you predicted, ma'am. Incredible."

V recognized the awe that the operator felt, and then ignored it. Mostly because it was something entirely undeserved, and the fact that it had been the twelfth time she had received something like it from the other operators she talked to.

"Keep me updated if there are any developments. I'll be doing something else." she ordered instead.

"Yes, ma'am!"

With her orders given, V shut off her comms unit and continued walking in the Imperial palace. And then she headed to the main reason why personally involved herself here in the first place.

Tying up loose ends.

She was well aware of how things will work out from Basa's explanations. By guiding the narrative to flow in the direction they want by introducing various plotlines, it will eventually do so by itself without guidance.

However, while convenient, it does not mean that things wouldn't be messy. In fact, for many action-oriented genres - this would be undoubtedly bloody. Her orders prevented many of the tragedies that will occur, but there will always be some things that will slip through the cracks.

And of course, there are some narratives which one would have to be careful with. Specifically, ones that could potentially be more destructive than most.

V stopped after reaching a particular door in the hallway. She opened it, and saw what was inside.

It was an old library.

Unlike every room that she had encountered in the Imperial palace, this place looked untouched. Like bullets or explosives had refused to hit it, preserving the contents inside. The ancient tomes on the bookshelves also gave it a mystical feel, but paradoxically… It looked utterly unremarkable.

It was strange, really. There were so many things that stuck out to this place aside from its appearance. From the way it seems to be located right at the very center of the palace, if someone were to take a close look at the floor plans. Or the way it doesn't exist in said plans, as if it was kept secret. Or, perhaps the strangest of it all, the fact that it was so dusty - like no one had even set foot in this place before, despite being easily accessible.

It was as if this place was forgotten. To the point that even the current conflict never reached it. It was like the world itself had declared that it was nonexistent.

It wasn't caused by a bounded field either. Whatever caused this effect was beyond that. Something supernatural was cast in this place to prevent it from being accessed, although V wasn't competent enough in the mystic arts to discern what it was yet.

—But of course, the fact that this thing exists implies things about what was being kept inside.

V looked around the old library, walking on the aged floorboards as it creaked from each step. As she did so, she searched the entirety of the library, carefully taking in the details to see if there was anything else offered by this mysterious room.

As it turns out, there was. While the old tomes were all fascinating, they were nothing special, filled with supernatural knowledge that she already knew. But a closer look made her discover a particularly strange shelf right on the wall.

With the library being incredibly dusty, she could see that there was something off in the way the dust settled in the area around it. That can only be caused by the presence of airflow seeping through the gaps of the shelf. And of course, a place where the air was coming from.

Perhaps there was a hidden mechanism that could reveal it, but V pushed the shelf out of the way with her mechanical arm instead. She could feel the shelf rip from its hidden mechanical hinges, before crashing on the floor and throwing up dust everywhere.

It revealed a hidden staircase. She unhesitatingly went down, further revealing an ancient basement with still air and moss growing over its walls and floors.

Or more accurately, it looked more like a torture dungeon.

The cells and tools were still around, although clearly unusable, with the metals and wooden parts already eroded with time. It seems that everything here was useless. All but one, considering it was faintly glowing in the darkness.

A magical circle. And judging by the symbols painted on it - A demonic one, at that.

V approached it. The circle glowed brighter… and then, a vague shadowy form appeared in the middle of it.

"My, my. It appears that there's something interesting happening above." the figure spoke to her with a gravelly and sinister-like voice. "And to think that someone would go down here at such a time… I had thought that my presence here was forgotten, so to what do I owe the pleasure of your visit, I wonder?"

V shot it with her pistol.

The shadowy figure momentarily dissipated as magic-infused bullets hit it, before reforming once more.

"Such a rude guest that I have." the figure chuckled, seemingly unbothered. "Unfortunately, you will find it impossible to—"

V loaded her gun with different bullets - ones that were christened with holy magic - and shot her gun again.

This time, it hit the shadowy figure and the bullets burst into white flames. The shadow recoiled as if it was shocked and hurt, before it quickly reeled itself and let out intense black wisps from its body, shielding it from further bullets since V was unable to see anything.

"…Amusing!" it shouted amidst the darkness. "For your rudeness, dear guest, I will feast in your entrails!"

With that declaration - the darkness receded in an instant, and V realized that at some point, the shadowy figure took on a more corporeal, human form. But considering what the additional appendages were on its back and head - it was easy to recognize what this being was.


Spoiler

A demon. V was familiar with them, considering one of the few people who are meta like she was.

Unlike Rias however, this demon was hostile and represented a wild card in their plan to liberate this country. She was unaware of the setting which this demon belonged in, being in the Imperial Palace of all places, but Basa concluded that it was likely for a future narrative that still hadn't begun.

None of the forces of Golden Dawn would be able to deal with this effectively considering a demon's destructive ability. Perhaps the mechs would have a chance, but it was improbable that they would meet due to the genre divide. So it falls into her responsibility to defeat it before it could mess things up.

—And so, as the demon launched itself towards her, V raised her gun.

The battlefield was a direct one, being an underground dungeon with little to no cover. It was effectively a nightmare scenario to any normal soldier, with the only thing determining survival being quick reflexes and movement. However, she had plenty of that, considering her abilities were boosted by the many spells taught to her.

She was able to register the lightning fast movement of the demon swiping its shadowy claws towards her which allowed her to sidestep the hit, rending the floor and wall behind her into pieces instead of herself. The raised gun aimed at the demon fired almost simultaneously.

The demon twisted its body to the side, dodging all the bullets. Then in a graceful movement - it swiped, using the same twisting motion as leverage for its next attack. That made her bring up her prosthetic arm to block it.

The attack made contact, and immediately she felt a heavy weight press down on her as metal screeched against the demon's claws. Even with the strength that could punch through a mech's armor, the demon single swipe almost overwhelmed her.

A direct contest of strength would definitely lead to her losing. But she didn't choose this course of action to do that - instead, she used the opportunity of being in very close range to bring up her gun with her other hand, aiming it at the demon's center of mass.

She fired. This time, the bullet had no chance of being avoided.

—But then the demon disappeared by morphing into the darkness. The bullet hit nothing but air, and the demon appeared again a short distance away from her. V quietly turned to face it, reloading her weapon in the meanwhile.

The demon chuckled. "Fascinating. I've never seen someone skilled enough to survive such an encounter. And carrying such a dangerous weapon too… The human world had changed much the last time I saw it, it seems."

It looks like it was in a talking mood. But she wasn't. So V instead used it to cast more spells on herself to improve her performance. And as she did that, the demon continued to monologue.

"Tell me, dear guest, are you even human? To have such abilities - It reminds me of a budding organization filled with an annoying race of weaklings back in the day. What are they called again…?"

For a moment, the demon paused in thought. Then, a smile of recognition appeared on its face.

"…Ah, now I remember. They call themselves Grim Reapers. Are you perhaps a Grim Reaper, my dear guest?"

She wasn't.

It was, however, identical to what people called her.

Perhaps this was the narrative's attempt on trying to fit her into the demon's setting. She wasn't aware of any organization with these 'Grim Reapers' - perhaps they were an organization that operated in a different place, making them uninvolved in the war. Or perhaps there really were such a group here, but wasn't of enough importance to be noted.

But whatever the case, the mere existence of an explanation made the demon convinced of what she was. Its smile widened, looking at her as if she was a delightfully curious thing.

"My my, I wonder what a lone grim reaper is doing in this place? I would've thought that you busybodies would have your hands full because of the constant slaughter." the demon inquired. "Why, I was even getting stuffed by the amount of damned souls I was getting! Human wars really are the best - so much bloodshed, so many delicious morsels to indulge in… it makes all the hard work of influencing this whole palace for centuries worth it."

Even in her focus of finding any opportunity to strike the demon, its last statement gained her attention. Then, the demon turned thoughtful, as if it just realized something.

"Hm, perhaps that's the reason why you're here. Did the silent curse I put in somehow get detected? How strange, I was sure that all traces of it would disappear after three generations. Something must have gone wrong." the demon sighed. "Hah, oh well. I had to hide myself after breaking the ancient law of escaping hell. And without constant observation, it was bound to happen."

…It seems that this demon was somehow a cause for the constant war. Of course, it's not entirely true since there are various plots which overall result in the war happening, but in the end this demon was one of these factors.

And the demon's reaction to its plot being 'revealed' was to simply shrug. "Hm, it is getting tiring to eat souls filled with despair, even if there's so much of them… And I suppose it's about time for me to try out something new anyway."

Its eyes then gleamed as the demon stared at her.

"Do you mind helping me out on that, dear—?"

She didn't let it finish.

What she casted earlier ever since the demon started talking all turned active: Holy Magic Blessing, Spiritual Energy Infusion, Purification Spiritual Breathing, Purification layer, Cursed Energy Reinforcement, Sealing Arts: Hakai, Reigan, Spirit Arrow (Modified), Cross Grave. And many more of the things that she learned.

Various spells, enchantments and mystic codes in her limited repertoire, all harmonized together into one single cohesive unit in a manner that synergizes that one another - Or more accurately, it was a rough patchwork that barely held together due to her limited understanding of each magic system. Nevertheless, she managed to make it whole and channel it to a single medium.

And by that, she meant her gun - which she fired to the demon.

"—!?"

It didn't expect it at all.


Spoiler

With just a pull of her trigger, a large yet incredibly condensed beam of light suddenly shot out of her gun. It lit up the whole basement and displaced the surrounding air from the sheer strength of it, and the beam hit the demon head on before it could react. Then, the beam continued on to hit everything beyond - punching through the dungeon's walls and right through the underground.

Then, it slowly dissipated as her mana reserves turned low. V brought down her smoking pistol, and then witnessed the destruction left in the wake of her improvised spell.

There was a large hole in the dungeon's walls, with the brickwork and bedrock beyond it completely destroyed which formed a hole right to the surface. The edges of the hole were sizzling and even partially melted, with the spell causing concrete and stone to heat up and change phase. The air was also electrifying, and she could feel the remnant energy still present.

But the demon was nowhere to be found.

And with that realization, along with the intense feeling of killing intent right behind her - V immediately reinforced her body and threw herself out of the way. Her instincts had caused her to make the right decision as the next moment, the place she was standing on before disappeared, swallowed by a tide of shadows.

She turned around. And there she saw the demon, whose body was slightly damaged and smoking from the attack. It had a hand extended and covered in darkness along with a wide grin on its face. Unlike earlier however, it looked forced, evident by the way its teeth are clenched.

"Ha… hahahaha! My guest, you really are a very rude one! You must like interrupting people so much." It said, clearly trying to hold its anger in. "And I must say, that spell of yours is very powerful… However, it's not powerful enough. Those are mere insect bites against me."

So it seems. What was arguably her strongest spell in her repertoire had little effect on this demon. That made any further attempts of fighting pointless, unless she could unleash something with more firepower.

And so, settling on a decision, V chose to not fight. She relaxed her tense form - something which was not missed by the demon, judging by the curious look that appeared in his reptilian eyes.

"Hm? Giving up so soon already?" it asked, anger momentarily slipping away for curiosity.

That wasn't quite it. But she didn't deign it with a reply, simply staring at it with a blank gaze.

It was clear that this demon was just toying with her from the very beginning. From what she could tell, it must be a very sadistic creature, and it likely wanted her to struggle before killing her in the worst possible way. Its power likely dwarfs hers for it to be acting in such a manner.

Which was why she decided that this would be better suited for others to deal with. Because the moment she relaxed, she activated the contingency signal using her mana with a device provided for her on this occasion. It sent an alert to reinforcements instantaneously, even if they were right across the globe.

And in response to it… they answered.

Something materialized in the empty space beside her. It was like the air itself opened up, making way for whatever was on the other side. The demon blinked, surprised at the sudden turn of events.

"What the… woah, is this a portal? Cool."

Then a new voice appeared. She hadn't heard it before, but their way of talking and cheery tone was familiar to her. Especially with how they had exchanged a few letters after the gift she was given not too long ago.

Rias crossed through the portal and blinked at the sight of her and the demon she was fighting. There was a short moment as she glanced at the demon, before seemingly ignoring its presence to focus on her instead.

"—V! V, that's you right!?" Rias said with a bright smile, running right in front of her and grabbing her shoulders. "I can't believe I've finally met you face to face! You look just as beautiful as I imagined! Did you like the gift I sent you!?"

She was slightly surprised at the sudden burst of energy she was subjected to. But V quickly adjusted and nodded her head in response to Rias.

"It's nice to see you personally as well, Rias. You are also very beautiful." V wasn't exaggerating. The demon's beauty was staggering. "And yes, I also liked the gift you sent. Basa commented that it suits me." she added.

"That's wonderful! I give only the finest gifts for my harem!"

Harem? She tilted her head curiously.

Before V could ask what she meant by that however, the other presence in this ancient dungeon made itself known again.

"A demon? And what's more, a Satanichia…?"

The demon muttered that with a surprised and confused expression. It clearly didn't comprehend this sudden turn of events, and it stared at Rias like she was an oddity. Even without knowing how to read minds, V knew that this demon had lots of questions it wanted to ask.

Rias turned to the demon. "So I guess you were fighting this guy, huh?" she asked, gazing at the demon curiously. "I don't recognize you. From which family do you belong to? You kinda remind me of Akeno."

The demon didn't answer. Instead it asked its own question. "Young Satanichia, what are you doing out of hell? I had thought that the ancient laws prevented demons from doing that." it said. "Did you perhaps break it and escape the underworld like I did?"

Rias blinked. "What ancient law?"

The demon looked befuddled. "The ancient law." it repeated. "The law which prohibits demons from ever entering the human world, as proclaimed by the great Satan. Have you come here without knowing that?"

"…Ah! Right. I think I remember something like that from history class. Anyway, that law doesn't exist anymore." Rias answered blithely, unaware of how her statement made the demon stiffen. "The previous Satan died centuries ago, and now everyone is fighting who gets to have his previous position. I'm aiming to become the President of Hell myself!"

"…What?"

V considered the situation quietly. From what she could tell from the demon's monologues earlier, Rias' answers just now made everything that he'd done completely useless. It had hid from authorities that died centuries prior, escaping a crime that wasn't a crime anymore.

It seems that this demon had wasted a great deal of time.

"Ha… Hahahahaha…!"

And somehow, that made the demon laugh in a strange manner. There were a great deal of complex emotions in its face as it laughed, and while V couldn't quite identify it all, she could at least tell that it was feeling very upset right now.

"What is this? I hid for centuries just to escape judgement, only to learn that the Satan had died centuries prior? Hahaha!" it laughed - not out of joy, but the absurdity of it all. "Such delicious irony! If I wasn't the one subjected to it, I would've cried myself to tears!"

"But you are laughing yourself to tears." Rias pointed out.

Her clueless comment wasn't welcome, as the complex emotions that the demon felt transitioned into frustration. The demon's laugh stopped and it glared at her, eyes full of malevolent hate.

"—Shut your mouth, whelp!" it lashed out, flaring out its wings and emanating demonic energy. "I have been humiliated on this day one too many times! I don't care about this insipid century-long plot anymore, I'll destroy this entire palace and country then satiate myself by devouring humanity in its entirety!"

"Wow, how rude. I just answered the question you asked." Rias said, before flaring out her own demonic appendages and matching the demon's power. "Also, devouring humanity is actually against the current laws. That's, like, super barbaric. So I'm gonna have to stop you on that."

The demon's eyes widened in shock. It looked like it didn't expect Rias to be as strong as it was. "What…!?"

"—Grit your teeth!"

With a ferocious grin, Rias flapped her wings once and launched herself into the demon. There was a burst of air pressure as she moved and even a louder slam when their bodies collided, and the next thing V knew, Rias brought the demon right outside through the hole V had made moments prior.

She climbed out of the hole to follow the fight. And right above, she could see the distant explosions caused by Rias' destructive energy lighting up the early dawn's sky. It seemed to mix with the distant explosions of various missile and anti-air weaponry being fired in the city, and those that are unaware of the supernatural or the existence of very powerful demons likely wouldn't even make out the difference.

With her reinforced eyesight however, she can see that Rias absolutely outclassed the demon. Perhaps it was due to the demon getting weaker after being inactive for centuries, or perhaps it was really that weak from the beginning - but what mattered was that Rias, a much younger and inexperienced demon, was beating it.

That takes care of one of the wild cards. Now, it's time for the others.

As V thought that, she noticed that something materialized into the air beside her once more. It was two portals, and coming out of them were two more people that she had known due to their innate connections as beings who turned meta.

Both of them caught sight of her and their faces immediately brightened.

The younger of them offered her a nod and a smile. "Hello." she greeted. "My name is Yuki Yanai. It's nice to finally meet you personally, V. I hope the letters I've sent helped you?"

She nodded. "Yes. It's nice to finally meet you as well. Thank you for teaching me many things." Yuki's letters are very informative, allowing her to adjust as someone who had just turned meta. Then she turned to the other woman. "…And you must be Aoki, correct?"

V blinked in surprise when she was immediately engulfed into a soft and comforting embrace.

"I just wanted to say that we're always going to be here for you." Aoki said to her, tone full of affection and sympathy. "You've suffered so much. So once everything is over - we're going to make you experience everything you've missed out on, okay?"

She couldn't quite understand where this was coming from, but she found herself nodding. "…Okay."

"Aoki-san. We can do this later, we're in a live battlefield right now." Yuki reminded, making the woman let go of her. She then turned to V, putting on a determined expression. "Basa told us about the plan. We're here to assist you on the wild card that needs to be taken care of. Can you tell us where you need us?"

"I can, but will you be fine? I've been told the both of you weren't quite as versed in combat compared to me or Rias." V asked in concern.

"People with mundane weaponry. I believe I can also take care of those soldier magi. I could probably cut a mech or two with my swords, but don't expect me to take out a whole squad of them." Yuki told her. "As for Aoki-san… she's more useful in soft situations."

"I've learned how to hypnotise people." Aoki said, before looking sheepish. "That's just it though… I'm not that good when it comes to fighting, but I could probably protect myself and escape in a pinch."

"She's much better when it comes to hypnotizing people than I am." Yuki added. "She can easily slip memories and commands without a hitch. And she could do it to multiple people too. So if you need people to be convinced instead of being fought, she can do it."

"Y-Yuki-chan, you don't really need to—"

"I'm just telling the truth, Aoki-san. And V needs an objective account of your abilities. So even if you don't feel confident about yourself, it's her decision whether that's true or not." Yuki told her.

V found herself nodding. While the two weren't as powerful as Rias, their skillsets are definitely welcome right now. Especially with so many different wild cards she needs to deal with. And while Basa was also out there dealing with most of them, they can help out in their own way as well.

"Thank you, I'll see where you can help." she stated.

She activated her comms and started listening to the reports of the operators. Plans started forming in her head as new and more flexible pieces were added to the board. And as her mind raced, she spared a single thought on the horizon, where she acknowledged the sight of the sun slightly rising.

The morning sun's rays hit her, and idly, she could see how it hit the city's skyline in the distance which casted a golden highlight all across the land.

It was a hopeful sight, and a visual metaphor of what was to come.

"…"

She shook her head.

It wouldn't do good to raise a flag like that, especially with how there are still things that aren't finished. All they had to do now was to continue and see it through to the end.

And with that, V turned around, before setting out to continue the best revenge that she could possibly do.

—To bend the world that had shaped her, and turn it for the better.





…

…Allow me to ask a question.

Who benefits in war?

Objectively, war is many things. In a literal sense, it can be understood as a means of achieving political objectives, where the nation has no choice but to resort to violence as rational bargaining has failed. In a philosophical sense, it could be interpreted as a product of our deeply-rooted human aggressiveness, or perhaps as learned behavior due to the creation of social ills such as private property, institutionalized greed, or nationalism.

War is many things, but what is definite about it is that it's bloody and full of tragedy and despair. So why does it happen? Why does it exist? Who benefits from it to make it happen in the first place?

The answer to all those things is simple.

Those who don't participate in war, yet profit from it.

You know the most common type. The governing elite; those who don't participate in the war itself, but stand to gain power just by doing nothing. The rich use their power to get richer, using the lives of those under them without regard. A bunch of parasites, in short.

But then there's also the others. These ones are more than parasites, but rather people who make a living from war and use it as a business. They thrive on global conflict, profiting from wars through government contracts, rising stock values, and political influence.

And by that, I meant defense contractors and weapon manufacturers. These people are usually based on places far away from the conflicts they benefit in, treating war as a distant money-making machine. And unlike the governing elite, they usually have nothing to gain once the war is over.

Which is why they do everything in their power to extend it. Contractors, lobbying, you name it. And of course, in anime world, you exaggerate that to a hundred - because of secret evil cabals and organizations that manipulate everything.

—And right now, the focus is on one such organization. Across the Atlantic ocean, far removed from everything going on, a robotics development company was based in a certain country that was imagined to be violent, chaotic, and alien in most japanese media due to an internalized bitter and nationalistic hate.

And in their headquarters, the founder of the mech company sat in his office late at night, listening as his aide delivered him news of what was happening.

"…So you're telling me that there's been a revolution right as we speak?" the founder asked. "And that somehow, despite their overwhelming military might, the government can't do anything about it?"

The aide nodded his head. "Yes, sir. But the thing is, the revolutionaries have apparently gathered support from many of the aristocrats and military leaders. In effect, they're fighting their own military right now." he reported. "And furthermore, our rogue orphan pilots have joined them as well."

"What?" the founder asked, confused.

"The Orphan Project, sir. We've taken in orphans and used them as pilots for the mechs, before we sent them to our contractors." the aide reminded him. "Apparently, some had defected and managed to join up with the local resistance. Apparently they have also defeated the following batch, but new generations are on their way."

The information was met with indifference. "Hm. Right, that project existed. It's novel, but AI programs are producing more results." he commented. "And what about the mechs?"

"The mechs sent in those battlefields are considered outdated and disposable compared to our latest prototypes. Anything salvaged will mostly be something our competitors would be already aware of."

"And the losses? How much money did we lose because of this?"

The aide looked at his tablet. "We've lost 205 million dollars in the last few hours due to delays. The stock indices also dropped by 0.5 percent."

"That's it? Then it's nothing." the founder commented, before exhaling. "Go bribe some people and get some of our hired contractors to make some trouble. That war is minor compared to our main sources of profit anyway. Just keep the war going, and it's fine. Don't bother me with this news next time."

"Yes, sir."

The founder waved his hand dismissively at the aide. "Now leave. I have a meeting with the Defense Secretary in half an hour. Don't let anyone contact me unless it's a real emergency."

The aide didn't move. Instead, he just stood there, looking at his tablet. Seeing this, the founder narrowed his eyes and glared at him, impatience evident in his expression.

"Are you deaf? I told you to leave." the founder growled irritably.

And in response to that, the aide replied while staring at the tablet's screen, reading the latest message that had appeared on the messaging app which he had opened the entire time he was talking to the founder.

Everything is finished. The war is over. - V

"I'm afraid I can't do that, sir. I still have something to do." I answered.

Saying that, I put down the tablet before bringing up my old gun with my other free hand. The moment the pistol was pointed right at his head, the founder stiffened in his chair - but like many politically-inclined characters out there, he had immediately regained his composure.

"…An assassin?" he muttered. "And who do you work for, son?"

The back-and-forth was predictable.

He would talk to the assassin acting calm, the assassin would monologue about his cause or purpose before killing, but for some reason, something would prevent him from getting killed. Perhaps it would be through calling help, or more likely, using some technology that his company developed. But in the end he would live and the assassin failed.

It was the classic way to glaze the main antagonist because it wasn't time yet for them to die. His death would likely be at the hands of the protagonist… or probably not, considering the bleak seinen mixed within Orga's setting. I suspect that it's very likely that this guy wouldn't meet Orga and the others at all, roaming free despite the suffering he had caused, and highlighting how apathetic the world is to their plight.

So let's try and change that shall we?

Without answering him, I pulled the trigger. I watched as the bullet left my pistol and headed right towards the founder's face - before it halted, as a dome of blue light suddenly appeared out of nowhere, seemingly blocking its way.

It was an energy shield. Understandable, considering their mechs had one. It was only logical that they would want it to be made portable for personal use.

Unfortunately, the bullet wouldn't be stopped with something as simple as that. My gun was modified with undistilled anime bullshit, after all.

"—!?"

The shield only managed to block the bullet for a split second before it cracked, and I saw the founder's eyes widen momentarily as he registered that he was going to die. But it was a quick thing, and the bullet reached his forehead before he could even think of attempting something, splattering his brains behind him. His entire body then slacked as he instantaneously lost muscle control, leaving his dead self slumping on the seat.

And just like that, the main antagonist was dead.

This was the straw that broke the camel's back. With the main villain dead and the main plotline deviating so far from what was intended - it was far easier for the narrative force to just continue the closest existing story from what was left instead of forcefully bringing back what was before.

And my next words would cement what this story was going to be.

"For the glory of Westalis."

For the very first time, I uttered the name of V's country out of my mouth. To an outside observer looking at the scene, I would be some sort of spy that had traveled across the country to settle a final task - and combined that with our successful efforts to stop the war, it was a victorious conclusion that would usher a new era of peace.

And with this, the war would truly be over.

The transition of settings is complete.

I closed my eyes and let the moment sink in. Then, I turned around and left the room, leaving the corpse of the founder behind me. I opened the door and stepped out into the hallway.

And what greeted my sight was a bunch of dead bodies. A person wearing a suit stood in the middle of it, reloading the pistol in his hand calmly.


Spoiler

He glanced at me, and our eyes met.

"An assassin." he noted calmly. "The Garden didn't say anything about sending another one. And you arrived here much quicker than I did. There were no signs of you being around, and if I was a minute late, then I likely wouldn't have known you were here at all. It reminds me of a certain someone's work…"

I stayed quiet.

"…You're 'Twilight', aren't you? The spy who comes and goes so easily in our country." the assassin concluded. "Westalis must have sent you here. Have you come to kill the founder of this company just like I am?"

—Literally who?

The name wasn't something that came up in my investigations before. This was likely something new. It looks like I'm seeing the effects of the new change in the narrative fairly quickly, considering I just literally walked out of the door.

But 'Twilight', they say. Hm. I suppose it fits. Our organization was supposed to be called Golden Dawn after all.

And it is true that I have gone to their country to investigate some things. I just did my usual thing where I went there and used the genre divide to my advantage to get what I want - but if they explain my (relatively) unexplainable ways of infiltrating them by attributing me as a very good spy, then I guess it makes sense as well.

In any case, it would be rude to not answer a man who had helpfully provided me much needed information. He may be another assassin, but it looks like there's an unspoken truce between us here.

"The founder is dead. Your mission is finished." I told him straight. "And Westalis will finally stop pushing for war."

The man paused. "So they say. We've heard of your group staging a revolution to put a stop to all the madness." he said, before closing his eyes. "…And we did the same as well. Ostania now has had enough of bloodshed, and our policy makers all push for a ceasefire, and eventually a treaty."

I nodded. It was a natural conclusion.

After all, I also pushed things in their country to that direction.

While V was busy with Golden Dawn, I sorted things out in the other country - because stopping the war effort in one country doesn't mean the other would stop itself too. Fortunately for me, they already have a group that existed similarly to ours: an organization called the Garden, which was meant to be a secretive internal policing organization filled with assassins.

It took quite a lot of clones, hypnotism, and effort on my part, but I managed to guide them into fulfilling a similar role to Golden Dawn. I didn't manage them closely however, but they simply need to ride out the narrative's waves for it to work. And with their actions, peace between the two countries is finally possible.

But… it wasn't true peace. Not yet.

And the assassin felt the same, considering his next words.

"The war will continue." he stated grimly. "It won't be through guns, fire, or steel, but rather through whispers, shadows, and betrayal. Too many had died for peace to be easily achieved, and Ostania can't forgive the sins Westalis had committed."

"And Westalis can't forgive Ostania either." I said back.

He nodded, easily acknowledging crimes from both country's sides. Because that was what war is - a series of increasingly questionable, dumb, and selfish decisions that exploded and dragged everyone unfortunate enough in the vicinity into shit. Lines are blurred, and morality becomes a complex shade.

And he was right that the war wouldn't stop as well. At least in the figurative sense. The narrative might have been forced to stop the war setting, but the easiest setting would be what comes after that: A post-war society, and all the difficulties that come with it.

With that said, I turned around and started to leave. He made no move to stop me, and as I did that - I spoke out my true thoughts about the matter.

"Then we'll just have to see how things will develop from here. Because peace has to start from somewhere, no?"

Maybe the war didn't stop. Maybe the suffering would still continue, only in a different medium. Maybe a new kind of conflict would emerge. Maybe it will all be useless, and war will be brought back once again.

But still… It's a welcome change from how things used to be.

And like all the things that I changed so utterly to the point that the original plotline was nowhere to be found, I'm not going to just abandon it and let it go in its own way - No, I'm going to see it through to the end. No matter what.

Because that was my sole responsibility in this stupidly freakish world where I'm the only one with freedom.

I turned a corner and teleported after disappearing from the Ostania assassin's sight. In an instant I arrived in my humble abode in Japan, right into my office, where I plucked out a file on the shelf to update the situation regarding the two countries.

As I did that however, the door to my office opened and someone entered. I glanced behind me.

And then, I blinked.


Spoiler

"Welcome home, master." V stated blankly while in a complete maid uniform.

"…What are you doing?"

"Serving you." she answered simply. "With the war already over, my revenge is complete. And as such I have no other things to do. Therefore my next task is to serve you, master."

My brow twitched. It reminded me of her first answer when she first woke up, when she still had no idea how to feel or how to act human. I'd like to think that we'd made some progress - yet here she was again, repeating this stunt like nothing ever happened.

"You don't have to do that." I said, feeling slightly irritated. "When I told you that you can do whatever you want, I meant that—"

"—On the contrary, I am very aware of my decision."

I paused, before looking at the woman in the eye.

V met my gaze, eyes purposeful and determined. It wasn't the blank and servile gaze which stared at me when I first saved her - instead, there was a spark of something there. A spark of defiance, one that dared me to tell her off for making her decision.

"You believe that I am better off free and acting like a normal person, to heal me from my past experiences. To give me the taste of independence, giving me a chance to live my life my own way. Perhaps it would help but… you are wrong."

"I am not a normal person. Nor will I ever be one. Because I do not want to be." she stated simply. "Instead, I want to be with you. You have saved my life, taught me so many things and given me so many opportunities. You, all of you, have shown me that there is more to life than what I have previously known."

She put her hand on her chest, closing her eyes as she did so.

And then, the doll that barely acted human, who had always seemed to struggle to know what she wanted, easily bared her pure and unadulterated feelings for me to hear.

"I have no orders. My life is my own. And what I want in my life… is nothing more but to be by your side, Basa."


Spoiler

I stared at V, who said that with a soft, and almost relaxed expression. There was a moment of silence as I considered her words… and then I looked away and exhaled, also scratching the back of my head as I did so.

Well, if she says that, I guess I can't deny her. But it's not like I was planning to leave her or anything.

Still though, despite all that she said…

"That still doesn't explain why you're in a maid outfit while calling me master." I pointed out.

My statement made the woman blink. Then, she answered.

"It would be because I would be living in your house." Oi, this is the first I've heard of that. "Furthermore, I am currently unemployed and would have no way of paying any rent, therefore the only way to stay is to be your servant. This is the logical conclusion."

Is it? Is it really?

"No, take that off. You're not wearing that." I told her. "And you don't have to pay any rent or whatever. Actually, I can even arrange to get you another house. I imagine my apartment is a bit too small for two people to live in."

She frowned slightly. "…I wish to live with you under the same roof. And I don't wish to take this off."

"What? Why?"

"Because that's what I want." her gaze was as blank as always, but I could see the slight way her eyes gleamed. "That is what you've said, correct? You wanted me to make my own decisions… Or is this supposed to be an absolute order from my master? Are you perhaps undermining my freedom and forcing your own, despite your earlier words? How sad. I am saddened."

What's with this woman.

I met her blank and clearly unsaddened gaze with my own, and she showed not a single indication that she's going to change her mind.

Honestly, since when did she get this much lip? Or was she always like this, and she couldn't just express it until now? No, wait - now that I recall, she showed a little bit of it the first time I met her. During the time when she couldn't believe the existence of other genres.

Damn kuuderes. You never really know what's going on in their minds with that blank face of theirs.

…She's going to be a nightmare to live with.

"—Fine. Go wear that maid outfit or whatever." I grumbled, accepting her wish. "Do what you want."

She bowed. "As you ordered, master… Then, I shall go and tell Rias that our plan in convincing you to let me stay here was successful. And that it was also quite an amusing revenge after your stunt of making me the leader of Golden Dawn, and then acting dramatically subservient in various occasions. I believe the right thing to say here is: serves you right."

I stiffened at her words.

What.

"I also advise that you go to the dining room, or else the dinner that Aoki cooked up would've gotten cold. Or finished." she quickly added before I could register what the hell she said earlier. "Her curry dish is very delicious, and I might have eaten some of your portions as well. That is all."

And with that, the woman turned around and exited the office, leaving me behind. I stared at her direction for a long while even after she left. Then I let out a sigh.

…I amend my earlier words.

It seems that I'm not the one with freedom in this stupidly freakish world.

—Because that girl seems to be making good use of her free will more than I do.
Last edited: Apr 10, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Lucky_plucky_ducky, leks, Semi-Immortal_Cat and 1,391 others
Skrubchap
Mar 27, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Apr 5, 2026
Add bookmark
#2,900
I've added an afterword for formatting purposes.


Chapter 24

The streets of Japan were an interesting sight after being in a European warfront for so long.

Today I was inside the shopping district within our town. It was a weekend, and the weather was great for going outside. Many must have thought the same since the place was absolutely bustling with people, all living their lives in accord with the various plots they're involved in.

The general atmosphere was light however, which was a stark contrast to the solemn and grim mood that I had been getting used to seeing back in Westalis and Ostania. I guess that's just how it is in Japan; as a literal first world country and the center of anime world, it's pretty much heaven in comparison to other places. Although any place that's not involved in war would probably be better if compared to places like Westalis or Ostania.

Anyway, that's just some frivolous thoughts from me. But there is someone with us who's thinking the same about the place. And in a much more unironic and appreciative manner at that.

"This is…"

Accompanying us outside was V. With her not wearing maid clothing, of course. But that's not the focus right now.

Because currently, the woman was undergoing an important experience. The blonde's face barely changed from her usual blank expression, yet I can tell from the gleam in her eyes that she was pretty shocked at what she was seeing. The woman's gaze was fixed at the various shops around, taking note of everything that was inside and what they're selling.

She was like a newborn trying to soak in their environment. And considering her experience in life up until now, everything she was seeing was very likely new for her. A stranger might say it's an adorable sight, though it would likely be marred by the sad implication of V's past.

"So this is Japan…" the woman stated as she looked around. "Everything is so vibrant."

Right beside her, two girls showed different reactions. Rias nodded her head in an empathetic manner, while Yuki gave her a soft smile. The two joined us for this occasion since they wanted to hang out with V personally. Aoki wanted to do the same, but certain circumstances like still dealing with the fallout in her idol agency made her busy with work at this time.

Anyway, the redhead looked like she absolutely knew what V was talking about. "I get it. I thought the same as well the first time I arrived here, you know? Well, it's more about the human world as a whole, but I think it's pretty similar."

That made V tilt her head curiously. "The human world… Ah, you were originally from hell. Is it also that different compared to this place?"

"Yeah. Our sun there is artificial so everything is a bit muted. Humans won't notice it though. Our eyes are wired differently compared to you guys."

"I don't think that's what V meant when everything was more vibrant, Rias." Yuki pointed out, before pausing. "...Although, seeing that you're from a more solemn setting, it's also likely that things are literally more muted as well."

"Yes. It's almost always raining or dark. Especially with the constant fog and smoke during the war." V stated. "Seeing a place so clear and bright is a first for me."

Rias grinned. "Then let's enjoy it to the fullest! We're here for a date, after all!" she looked back at me. "Isn't that right, Basa?"

I stared at the three blankly.

A date. Between three girls and a single guy. Now, things like that are typical harem shenanigans - I could literally see one or two groups who are like that right now, so it's actually nothing special.

But that was only because they were cardboard cutout black-haired MCs who look completely identical with one another. And I, who unfortunately looks like a tanned and blonde-haired NTR guy, doesn't fit with these people.

"That guy… is he following them?"

"Two of them are foreigners. He might be asking for their numbers."

"Tch. Some people really are shameless."

—Which of course catches attention. People were glancing at us, and quite many hostile ones were aimed my way.

"Me dating you three? More like a harasser targeting women." I commented. "I'm being mistaken for those guys who pick up girls on the streets. With the way things are going, someone would definitely approach us and cause a scene."

Rias and Yuki blinked, before looking around and realizing that yes, it kinda does look that way on the outside and that the people near us were staring for a while now.

"Huh." Rias muttered thoughtfully. "I did wonder why people were looking at us. And here I thought they're appreciating my beauty more than usual."

"Confident, are you?" Yuki said with a sweatdrop.

Rias puffed her chest. "Of course I am! Demon, remember? Literally the personification of temptation right here!"

"Yes, yes. Of course." Yuki followed without preamble, before turning to me. "…Basa-kun, perhaps if you were to walk with us instead of just following behind, then people might think differently? The fact that you're also mostly quiet doesn't help."

I waved it off. I was way past caring about what others think, after all.

"Nah, it's fine." I told her. "I mean, how can I act like a mysterious and aloof character if I do that? You're taking my game away, woman."

Yuki gave me a flat look. "Yes, I am aware. And frankly that certain part of your personality is better off gone. Have you tried this certain thing called 'clear communication'? I hear it's better than keeping us in suspense and acting cool later."

You're the last one to talk about clear communication, you drama character.

Anyway, as I ignored Yuki's hypocrisy-filled statement - V tilted her head, expression confused at what we were talking about.

"I don't understand. You mentioned that we're having a date? I thought it's only for two people, or at least that's what was shown in the stories I've read." the woman said cluelessly. "Also, what do you mean by harassment? Basa is not harassing anyone."

That made Yuki sigh. "It's just a figure of speech from Rias. Don't take her seriously. As for the harrassment… Well, let's just say there are some strange people in Japan. And Basa-kun is being mistaken for one of them."

"Mm. Japan is filled with strange people, just like any other place. Except here they've got people who will try to pick up girls by asking for your number and not taking no for an answer! It's pretty creepy." Rias explained. "They also try to target foreigners like us, so you should be careful! Especially since you're so beautiful, V!"

V blinked, then nodded. "...Yes. I'll keep it in mind."

"Yep! Now for the date thing - It's not a figure of speech, you know?" Rias said with a grin. "This really is a date! It can happen even when there's multiple people. Sure, people might call you trash, but it's okay as long as they're your harem! Those who get angry at you are just jealous!"

"W-What are you even saying, Rias!? Don't teach her weird things!" Yuki shouted, expression scandalous. Then she cleared her throat and turned to the blonde. "Ahem! Don't listen to her. We're actually here for you, V."

The blonde looked surprised. "Me…?"

"Yes. Basa-kun mentioned that you've been busy fighting a war to have a normal life so Rias and I thought of us having a shopping trip together. Just to give you a chance to explore everything, since you probably didn't have the time to do so in the past."

The heroine was correct. This thing was something they actually planned on doing once they finally met her. Because while they all left me dealing with the emotionless doll that V was in our early days together, it didn't mean they didn't want to help in their own way.

Plus, it's also a good way to help V familiarize with this new environment. Especially since the girl is going to be living here from now on. Better have her experience culture shock right now and get done with it than some any other time.

Still, the heroine paused, looking unsure for a moment as she finished her earlier statement. "…Or at least, that's what we assumed. We aren't being condescending by assuming you haven't experienced much, are we? Now that I think about it, it's arrogant to think that you wouldn't have visited a shopping district at some point during your time with Basa-kun."

V shook her head. "No, you're correct. Recruiting and doing missions for Golden Dawn made me familiar with more peaceful places within our country, but I didn't spend time acting leisurely then. I am unfamiliar with many things here like you assumed."

Yuki smiled. "I see. That's great, then."

"Then let's go and explore as much as we can!" Rias also said with a smile. "So what do you want to see first, V? This shopping district has a lot of different things in it! It's really cool!"

"I am… unsure. There's just so many things to see." the blonde looked around again, before staring at a particular shop and pointing at it. "What is that place? I don't understand the picture they're displaying."

"Oh, that's a coffee shop! They sell different types of hot or iced coffee drinks there, though they do serve tea and other stuff from time to time. That shop is one of the more popular brands out there. The drinks they make are pretty delicious!" Rias paused. "…Don't know about the green logo they have though. I think it's a naked woman. Or maybe it's the Statue of Liberty? I've never really thought about it."

"Why don't we order some drinks ourselves? We certainly need the energy considering we're going to explore many things in the shopping district." Yuki suggested.

V nodded, looking intrigued. And so the three of them ordered something in the shop. This one was more of a booth than a proper building that this particular coffee chain was known for, and there weren't any lines so they quickly got the drinks they ordered.

The blonde stared at the drink in her hands - it was some sort of latte, but iced. She looked at it like it was a strange and alien thing, before putting the straw in her mouth and taking a sip.

"…It's sweet."

The blonde's face was as blank as ever, but from the lightness in her tone and the gleam in her eyes - it was clear that she liked the taste of the drink a lot. Yuki smiled beside her.

"That drink is mixed with sweetened condensed milk. I thought that you'd be sick with regular bitter coffee, so I ordered a more tasty one for you." she told her.

V nodded, looking like her view of the world had changed. "I didn't know that coffee could be like this. I know that you can add milk and sugar, but getting something like that was rare. And I've never considered that it could be served cold." she sipped her drink again, enjoying the taste. "…This is incredible."

"There's also different other things you can add, like putting whipped cream or flavored syrups on top of the coffee. They're quite popular." Yuki informed, drinking her own coffee. "I personally prefer mine unsweetened, so I have mine with skimmed milk."

"Then, what about Rias' drink?"

"Hers? Well…" Yuki then turned to Rias. "Hers is more unique."

Unlike the other two who were enjoying their drinks, Rias looked green when she took a sip of hers. The girl wanted to order something new since she was pretty much familiar with the most popular drinks there already, but it seems that she had forgotten the risks in doing that.

"Bleh, salt and honey in coffee doesn't taste good at all. And it's cold as well. Ugh, this is the worst!" Rias said with disgust. Then she turned to me with upturned eyes. "Ne, Basa-kun. Switch drinks with me!"

I ignored her while I sipped on my own drink. Vanilla milkshake, because its pure whiteness brightens my twisted and edgy heart. "Why would I? You ordered that yourself so you finish it. Or just throw it away if you can't."

"U-Ugh, but I really don't want to waste it…"

What a cheapskate, this demon.

Yuki let out a chuckle seeing Rias' exaggerated sad face. Then, she turned to V. "…Should we go and check out other shops? There's still plenty of things to look at."

That made the blonde nod firmly. And again, despite looking relatively emotionless, there were tiny signs that a pedantic eye could see. Signs like the small furrow in her brows and slight purse in her lips, showing what the woman had truly felt about the matter.

"Yes. Let's do it." V replied, looking excited.

—And with that, the four of us explored the shopping district.

With the point of this trip making V learn different things she'd never really encountered before, we pretty much went from different shops that gathered her curiosity and interest. And considering that this city's shopping districts cover quite a wide amount of products and services, it meant that we went through a lot of different things.

In just a span of a couple hours here, we went ahead and checked out a bakery and tasted the specialty bread they have there. Then the next, we went to a cosmetic store near it, where Rias and Yuki went ahead and bought some make up and perfume for V who's very inexperienced about that sort of thing.

We also bought some snacks in a vending machine after the blonde saw it for the first time when we passed by. Then, the next thing we did was go to check out a tech shop where we bought V her own phone to use, considering she didn't have one yet. And after, we went to a nearby toy shop just because and bought stupid toys there that caught our fancy.

And then after that, we passed by a certain popular fast food restaurant. Then, after getting curious about what it was and how it tastes, the blonde then bought a meal for takeout. We continued walking again after that.

…Actually, doesn't this girl go to food shops a little too often?

"—This is quite tasty."

I gave a flat look to the blonde as she said those words while munching on a mouthful of burger. She somehow still has the appetite to eat despite consuming a lot of different snacks and drinks for the past couple hours. And it wasn't even lunch yet.

Yuki also expressed the same concern. "Um, is it alright for you to eat that much? I hoped that we would have lunch together since it's almost noon…"

That made V tilt her head. "Why wouldn't it be fine? There's still plenty of room for me to eat."

"I-Is that so?" Yuki replied, a faint disbelief evident in her voice as she stared at the blonde. "You still have room for more despite all that...?"

"Yes? I eat as much as I can if there's food available. And I can eat much more than this." she replied, making the heroine blink.

That was when Rias interjected with a nod. "A soldier has to eat as much as they can, because they know that this meal might be the last one they have in a battlefield!" she declared. "Or at least, that's what they've said from a manga I've read. V is an incredible soldier, so she must know it by heart!"

"Yes. Starving while fighting for your life on the battlefield is a terrible experience. Everything is rationed. So whenever I have the opportunity to have extra rations, I try to eat them all." V agreed, before pausing. "Although, that doesn't really happen anymore after Basa saved me. Perhaps there really is no need to eat as much…?"

"As long as you're not getting hurt by it, it should be fine." I told her.

Thinking about it, this wasn't really a cause of concern. While she had been eating a lot for a realistic character within her serious seinen setting, it was still within believable standards. And out of all the people here - she was the one who was deserving to eat as much food as she likes. She certainly didn't have much opportunity to do so before.

Although… "You do have to be careful though. If eating a lot before was a requirement for you, doing the same now might be different. It could become your little quirk or something."

"Quirk? What do you mean?" V asked, and the other two looked curious as well.

"Getting wet enough times convinced the world that my side character quirk was that. So if you were to eat a lot when there is an opportunity, then you'll likely be the same." I explained. "You'd be seen as a big eater in the eyes of the world if that was the case."

"Big eater…?" V muttered for a moment, before her eyes lit up in recognition. "Ah, do you mean those characters who eat a comical amount of food? I'd be like them?"

"Yeah. Like them." I replied. "It's not the case now, but in the future it could mean that you'd have the urge to eat very large servings of food during meals regularly. But consequently, it might also mean that there's always enough food available to do that. Likely because the world needs to—"

"I am fine with it."

"—show the scene… what?" I took a moment to register what she just said. "You're fine with it?"

She nodded firmly, blank-faced but with eyes gleaming with determination.

"I am fine with it." she repeated. "I will eat as much as I can from now on."

…Well, alright. You do you I guess.

Looking at V with a smile, Yuki then spoke up. "If that's the case, I suppose that we should go and get a meal right now? It's almost time for lunch anyway."

Rias seemingly agreed. "Yeah, all this talk about food is making me hungry. Although, what restaurant should we go to? There's a lot in here." she hummed in thought. "We could go Japanese, Western or maybe some other cuisine… but I really want V to experience it all, considering this trip is for her. Maybe we could find a restaurant that serves all those different foods?"

"We're not really on a deadline. We can go back here again just to experience new things if we need to." the heroine gently reminded. "…Although, I might know somewhere that fits the bill. I investigated the different plots in the shopping district and I've learned that there's a buffet restaurant near here that serves as a fighting arena for a cooking genre today. Some characters there are chefs from different countries, so there will likely be different cuisines that's going to be served."

Rias' eyes widened. "What the heck? That sounds awesome! Let's go there then!"

"Cooking genre? That sounds very wonderful." the blonde agreed, clenching her fists in front of her. "I will eat as much as I can in that buffet." she declared.

Looks like they're getting pretty excited. Can't blame them about that really - After all, cooking anime food was always a treat. Even just imagining it right now makes my mouth water.

And so, the four of us went to the location where the heroine said that buffet would be. And just like always, me being a gyaru-looking guy following three beautiful girls rubbed people wrong, so the stares continued like usual.

Although, I've been feeling a different type of stare mixed in with those usual ones. Someone… No, some people are observing me. For a moment I wondered why these people took interest in me considering I'm a side character in the eyes of the world - until I realized who these people are.

You know what? I'll deal with that later.

However, as I was thinking that and resigned myself to delaying a potentially troublesome problem, a different one suddenly popped up. From the stares that persisted around us due to the unfortunate biases associated with my appearance - inevitably, there would be at least one person who wouldn't care about causing a scene to express their concern.

And this time, it came in the form of a guy who approached us from a nearby cafe while holding boba tea in his hand. The guy had blonde hair that was likely colored and looked somewhere V's age. Based on his looks, he was probably the stereotypical popular college student, kinda similar to that blonde guy within Yuki's narrative.

He looks a bit dumber though.


Spoiler

"Excuse me!" the guy greeted the three girls. "Are the three of you shopping together?"

Rias and the others blinked. There was a moment of silence as they stared at him, completely confused by his presence. And because of that the guy must have misunderstood something, since he suddenly scratched the back of his head with a troubled expression.

"Ah, right, two foreigners… Um, how do I say this…" he started gesturing exaggeratedly and started to speak in incredibly broken English. "Y-You… toree, etto… Shopping—?"

"There's no need to do that." Yuki interrupted, stopping the guy from embarrassing himself. "The two of them can understand you just fine."

And she was right. Rias and Yuki are literally natives, but as for V, I have this really useful mystic code that essentially acts as a zero-lag translator. The blonde could speak, hear, and read Japanese despite just knowing English. Not that she wasn't studying, but this was a useful thing to have before she's fully fluent.

"Yeah, we can speak Japanese." Rias replied as well, before tilting her head. "…So is there something you need? Why did you call us?"

The guy confidently laughed off his mistake. "A-Ahaha, sorry, I thought you guys didn't understand our language or something… Anyway, I was just asking if the three of you are shopping together here?" he asked again, before making a concerned frown. "It's just that, I don't think you've noticed but… there's actually someone following all of you for a while now."

The guy then pointed at me with an expression like he was pointing out shit on the sidewalk, and that he was warning them to avoid it. And like him I, too, pointed at myself with a surprised expression - after all, who wouldn't expect such a situation?

Was he really talking about moi? Was he saying yours truly was following these three beautiful girls? Tell me he's joking. I can't believe such an evil exists and is being attributed to me. If only someone could predict this sort of development…

Yuki gave me a blank look. "This is your fault." she said flatly, before sighing and turning to the guy. "Excuse me, but you're misunderstanding something. That person is with us."

"Huh? He's with you?" he repeated with a dumb look. "That guy?"

Rias frowned. "Hey, what's that supposed to mean? Is there something wrong with our friend?"

"What's wrong with him…? Isn't he a delinquent?" It looked like what Rias and Yuki said didn't compute within this guy's head, since he had a completely confused expression. "Why would you three beautiful angels hang out with someone like this guy? There's no way."

He seems oddly stubborn. The redhead and the heroine stared at the guy again, not understanding why he's acting that way. In contrast, V looked at him with confusion not because of his actions, but rather because she's questioning who this person is in the first place.

And it seems that she came to her own conclusion while she continued munching on the burger. "Ah, is this person one of those creeps you're talking about, Rias?"

"Probably." Rias replied immediately, still staring at the guy with a weird look.

"—Please ignore those two." Yuki interjected. Then she gave the guy a firm look. "And please don't misunderstand. As I've said, this person is with us - our friend here may look like a delinquent, but he is by no means one of them. We are not being followed or harrassed. If anything, the three of us are just having a pleasant day shopping with him."

Again, that doesn't seem to get through the guy. He clearly heard Yuki's words, sure, but it just looks like he couldn't believe what she had said at all.

"So the three of you… together with him? What is this supposed to be? That guy looks like a bad person no matter how you look at it." he muttered, before blinking. "W-Wait, are you guys getting blackmailed? Is this guy forcing you to be with him? He must be, right?"

"What's with this guy?" Rias wondered. "He's not listening at all."

Yuki was frowning at this point. It looked like she realized that whoever this guy was, no amount of convincing would ever change his thoughts. He might have shown concern for them which was understandable considering my appearance, but despite trying to clear up the misunderstanding, this guy still tried to insist that he was in the right.

A drama character can tell at first glance. This self-delusion and willful ignorance - it indicated the man's arrogant and selfish way of thinking behind that concerned mask. I witnessed in real time as Yuki's judgement of this person lowered when she realized that the guy was shallow in terms of character and attitude.

"Excuse me, we're—"

But before the heroine could try to open her mouth and speak, probably to tell him that we'll leave or something - the guy suddenly gained a determined expression and interrupted her words with a firm and loud voice.

"Look, I'll protect you from him, so you don't have to act anymore." he stepped forward and outstretched his arm towards Yuki. "Let's get away from this guy so that you guys can go—Arrgh!"

His forearm was grabbed by V before he could even attempt to touch the heroine. Simultaneously, the guy then let out a pained shout as his arm was crushed under the blonde's grip. Or at least it looked that way, even though the girl wasn't even exerting a fraction of her strength.

Still, Yuki and Rias floundered a bit when they saw him curl up in pain. "U-Um, V, you don't have to do that…!"

The blonde nodded and let go of the guy's hand while she swallowed the last of her meal. "He was reaching out for you so I thought he was attempting to do something." she stated blankly, before turning to the guy. "Apologies. I was told that I have to be careful of creeps, so it seems that I've overreacted. But I also just grabbed your arm normally and there shouldn't be any injuries, so you overreacted as well. You could say that fault is between the two of us - or in other words, none of us are at fault."

That's one hell of an apology.

"Kgh! Y-You…!"

Anyway, the guy stood straight up again while grabbing his arm. V's arm grab just now probably really wasn't that painful and that shout of his being mostly due to surprise. But what was the most important was the fact that whatever was going on right now wasn't what he visualized in that head of his.

It was a strange expression he was making. A mix of confusion, shame, and hurt pride - he couldn't understand why his 'help' was refused, or rather he didn't want to understand, too set in his ways and too prideful to say that he was wrong. Perhaps he was even a bit jealous, and he simply didn't want to acknowledge the fact that these three girls are hanging out with me instead of, say, him.

And that deluge of emotions is definitely beyond someone as shallow as him could even process. And so he did what people like him do, and would always ever do whenever they encounter similar problems in the future.

—He threw a tantrum.

"Damn it!"

The guy shouted those words while throwing his Boba tea in frustration. And being the main source of his negative feelings, that meant he threw it my way. I didn't move and allowed myself to get soaked by the beverage, letting the world do its thing with my trait.

"Basa-kun!"

"Hey, what the heck is your problem!?"

"…"

Yuki, Rias, and V all reacted differently with what he did - from concern, defensiveness, and a simple frown. But I didn't pay that any mind. Instead, I just stared at this guy with a blank and unmoved expression, meeting his gaze head on.

He flinched.

I didn't read his mind so I don't completely know what his thoughts were, but it's likely that he was hit with the reality of what he just did. It was especially clear when the guy looked around and saw the glares of the three girls with me, along with the stares of people noticing the scene.

And now, struck with the view of him being persecuted, so far from what he had envisioned when he approached those three girls… the guy turned around and ran away as fast as he could, leaving his sins, responsibilities, and all of us behind.

I watched him as he slowly disappeared in the distance, expression unchanged.

—Then I blinked when something touched my face. Turning to the side, I saw the heroine holding a tissue that came from her purse. The girl then proceeded to use it and wipe the Boba tea off with a frown on her face. I was about to reach for the tissue in her hand and do it myself, but she simply waved it off.

"Let me do it." she said firmly. Uh, right.

"What was with that guy!? He pisses me off!" Rias shouted as she glared at the direction the man had left. "First he said all those mean things about Basa, tried to act like a creep, and then he threw a drink at him! What was that about!?"

"Should we go after him?" V asked, also staring at the guy's direction and probably tracking him. "I can throw something at him from here, just to let him have a taste of own medicine."

"I don't think there's any need for that, V. That person looked humiliated enough." Yuki told her, before giving me a frown. "Basa-kun, why didn't you dodge? There's no way you couldn't do that."

I shrugged. "I decided that this could fulfill the daily quota of me getting wet. Boba tea is certainly better than any other liquid out there I could get splashed with."

"Hm."

I glanced at the heroine, who still had a frown. "…Are you upset about that guy?"

"Who wouldn't? That person approached us confidently thinking that he can act like a white knight, and then he kept insisting that he was correct out of pride despite everything. His lack of self-awareness angers me." she grumbled.

"Then he fulfills his role. I'm pretty sure that guy was supposed to be an annoyance. An antagonist that people could hate because he embodies the shallowness of a riajuu that's only popular due to his looks." I explained. "It's certainly a minor thing compared to the other villainous people we've encountered."

That guy had done less sins compared to the monsters, demons, and criminals we've encountered. Plus, I'm pretty sure shallow people like that were commonplace back in the wartorn countries of Westalis and Ostania. A war setting like that makes selfishness the norm, since there's no time for self-awareness when you're busy trying to survive.

Humans really do perceive things in contrast. But in any case, that guy poses no threat at all… Or at least right now, he doesn't. Considering the easily-missed curse of death put on that guy that I was able to recognize.

"That might change when he gets isekai'd though." I continued. "That guy's probably going to get killed in some way sometime in the future. So if he gains power or something, then it would definitely be problematic."

There was a short silence. Then I turned to the three girls and saw them staring at me with surprise. Or at least the two of them, since V looked as clueless as usual.

I raised a brow. "What?"

"I-I-Isekai!?" Rias suddenly cried out, looking like she couldn't believe what I just said. "Like, fantasy worlds and stuff like that!? That isekai!?"

"Yeah? What else could it be?"

"This is the first that you've ever mentioned anything about that, Basa-kun. So you're telling us that other worlds exist?" Yuki asked, before she paused. "…No, in hindsight, that makes sense. There's no way that the fantasy genre can happen unless the Earth as we know it gets radically changed."

I nodded at the heroine's accurate deduction. "Yeah, different worlds… or rather, a different world exists parallel to ours. But specifically speaking, I'm pretty sure that it's not really counted as a parallel world? More like another side of the world that we have right now." Yuki blinked again. "Yeah, I'm pretty sure that you know what I'm talking about."

"…Are you talking about the Reverse Side of the World?" the heroine asked.

The others blinked, recognizing the term.

"Wait, you mean the place where the majority of the magical species went? The one where Gods still reside? That Reverse Side of the world?" Rias questioned, before pausing. "Actually, wait, that makes perfect sense. I'm guessing the reason no one noticed that it's a literal fantasy world is because of the genre divide, isn't it?"

"Got it in one." I said with a nod. "From what I've seen, pretty much every fantasy setting and story that can't be applied to Earth as we know it goes there. And of course, the settings that don't mix occur just like they do here."

"How come you never told us!? I can't believe isekai's are real!" Rias said with a pout.

I gave her a flat stare. "I never did, but you literally have access to all my files in the office. There should be a big binder there with the label 'FANTASY' in big letters. Don't blame me for you guys not wanting to read the stuff."

"E-Erk! Well, there's just so many things there…" Rias muttered, before seemingly realizing something and pointing at me indignantly. "Actually, why do you have so many documents in those binders, anyway!? Naturally no one would want to touch them! Just looking at it makes me tired! So that one was your fault!"

Did this girl just blame me for her own laziness.

I was about to give her some good ol' comedic slapstick lesson, but alas, I was not able to because I am the perfect example of a cool guy who acts nonchalant no matter what life throws his way. And also because the heroine also chopped Rias' head lightly with a flat look.

"Uweh!" the redhead yelped cutely, before staring at the heroine with a betrayed look. "W-What was that for, Yuki-chan! Have you finally turned violent!?"

"Every boke shall have a tsukkomi, Rias." Yuki stated lightly, before turning around and continuing to walk. "Now, let's go. We wouldn't want to be caught up in the line to the buffet, would we?"

All of us stared at her, before following slightly behind. I also dried myself with a spell as well which removed all the remaining wetness and stickiness caused by the Boba tea. And as that happened, while staring at me, I heard V speak with her iconic emotionless yet somehow curious-sounding tone.

"…Why did Yuki insist on wiping you if you could do that, Basa?" she asked.

The heroine paused, hearing her words. I neglected to comment.

Rias however didn't care a single bit. "Oh, she just wanted to touch Basa-kun. She just didn't want to say it since she's shy, so she just used the opportunity. Isn't that cute?"

"I-It's not!" Yuki cried out, turning to face us again while looking flabbergasted. "It— It just slipped my mind! A simple mistake, that's all!"

Rias smirked. "Heh~? Is that so?"

The heroine's face darkened at her teasing reaction. "…Are you trying to do the boke routine again, Rias? Because if you want to, then I'll hit you. Seriously."

"Violence!" the demon shouted, before hiding behind V. The blonde blinked in surprise at the action. "I knew it - Yuki-chan has turned into a violent person! V, protect me from this demon!"

"—Y-You're the demon here! You can't call me that!"

The blonde, however, just nodded. "Understood. Yuki, violence is a no. Please distance yourself at least 3 meters away from us so that no violence can occur." she paused. "Ah, but please still guide us to the buffet restaurant. We'll just talk over here while you focus on your task. Thank you."

"—V!? W-What is with those strangely detailed and cold instructions!? And that makes it look like I'm some kind of pariah, aren't I…?"

"Not at all. If anything, it creates a certain symmetry with how Basa-kun trails slightly behind us. With this simple change, our walking formation looks a bit more pleasing in the eye."

"…Ah, it's true. I like the way you think, V!"

"Thank you."

"What? What does that even mean…?"

I stared as the three of them started bickering.

My, such a lighthearted scene. Looking at it makes me really feel how peaceful it all is.

Anyway, it looks like the strange interaction with the guy earlier was easily forgotten by all of us. Sure, he might have been rude, but in the end his actions didn't matter. Because something like that isn't even worth remembering and investing your feelings in.

For that reason, our little atmosphere together went unspoiled as we enjoyed each other's presence, and as V explored as much as she could in this new world that she found herself in.

And as such, there was only one thing left to do, as stated by Rias earlier.

—Time to enjoy this date to the fullest.


The buffet restaurant was delicious.

As expected, the food served in cooking narratives were the best. The act of doing whatever technique and ingredients that they used for their cooking made their dishes rise into gourmet heights. To describe their food as mere 'tasty' is not accurate, since it ignores all the other experiences associated with it.

Flavors dancing in your tongue in exquisite combinations, the experience of a food-induced ecstasy, or an actual vision caused just by the mere act of food touching your tongue; all something that could be described as actual bullshit, similar to how martial arts and magic works in this world.

In any case, we ate a lot and came out of the restaurant satisfied. And between the three of us, none was more happy than V, who came out of the restaurant with a completely bright smile on her face - something that actually made me a bit surprised, since I've never seen her make that expression before.


Spoiler

Well, I guess it's understandable for her to be really happy. This was the very first time she'd tasted the heights of deliciousness, after all. Not to say that Aoki's lunchboxes were bad, but compared to the food offered here it just doesn't hold up.

She'll likely appreciate it if she learned in this genre though. She's quite passionate about cooking, that woman. I should probably get around to telling her about that.

Still, with lunch done, we continued on exploring the shopping district. And after visiting the many other places that piqued V's interest, we eventually arrived at the place that every shopping trip involving girls found themselves in.

—And by that, I meant that clothing store.

"H-How… How does it look?"


Spoiler

I stared at the blonde.

"Beautiful. Ten outta ten. Would definitely goon on later." I said flatly.

"—What's with that response!?"

There was a sudden shout after I spoke my words. I turned to the side and was met with crossed arms and a glare from Rias. I gave her a raised brow in return.

"What? Is there something wrong with what I said?" I questioned.

"You're seriously asking that!? Maybe it's because, I don't know, the fact that you've said that three times already!?" the redhead shouted in discontent. "At least try to make an original response for each clothing! You're not even trying to compliment her!"

"In the first place, isn't the last part a bit strange…? Could that even be considered a compliment?" Yuki whispered at the side.

The heroine's words were ignored. Instead, I just crossed my arms in response as I met Rias' gaze directly. "I am complimenting her. And unlike other, more troublesome people - I can be blunt with V since that's what she prefers. Which is why I don't need to tailor everything I say like I'm dealing with some sensitive being."

"You fool, Basa-kun! If you think you could get away with being lazy in complimenting your girls - then you're dead wrong! It always comes to appreciation!" Rias shouted. "If you keep saying those things to V, then eventually she's not going to feel appreciated anymore! Because you just keep saying the same thing! Isn't that right, V!?"

"Actually, I am fine." V stated, denying her words completely and without a single trace of her earlier shyness. "I have little idea of how fashion works, and I don't really understand these clothes either so I appreciate Basa's bluntness. I have no experience wearing these things, especially considering no one wears these things in our country."

"—Eh? Really?"

And her words were true. I doubt anyone aside from the elite would be wearing these sorts of clothes back in Westalis. And even then, with how old-fashioned they are here - I don't think these sorts of clothes would be classified as 'casual wear'. I mean, looking at that thing objectively, it looks like it has holes in it and even showed a lot of skin.

Seriously, if the members of the Golden Dawn saw this girl right here… I wonder what sort of reaction they'll have? Probably think that they're dreaming or something. Because they couldn't imagine their ruthless and powerful boss acting like this.

That aside, I still have something to say.

"I'd just like to tell you that whatever I say to you is irrelevant. Because no matter what type of clothing you wear, you'll all be beautiful." I told them. "I mean, you're heroines after all. That means you literally can't be ugly. So no matter what clothes you pick here - the answer is always the same. You're going to look beautiful, and I will find you beautiful. That's a simple truth in this world."

V and Yuki blinked at what I said. While the latter thought of it as a lesson and curiosity, taking note of it in her mind - the former seems to take it as a compliment since the blonde's face reddened slightly.

"I-I see." V muttered, looking a bit happy at being told she was beautiful. "Thank you."

Rias, meanwhile, stared at me.

"—That's the most cop-out answer I've ever heard." Rias stated blankly. "What was that? Do you default to talking about tropes whenever you don't feel like doing something? You just find it a hassle to keep thinking of compliments, don't you?"

I opened my mouth to protest - but before I could speak, the girl let out a 'hmph' and looked away. And as she did so, Rias snaked her arms around V and Yuki's shoulders, which made both girls blink in surprise.

"You know what? If you're going to act that way, then I might as well be the one who acts like a proper boyfriend for these two!" the redhead said with a huff. "Someone like you who doesn't understand a woman's heart ought to leave this sacred place. I'll be claiming your harem instead. So for now, shoo!"

…What? I'm getting kicked out?

Rias then gave the two girls in her arms something that resembles a seductive look. "Come now, my babies. Let's leave this heartless guy alone." she said suavely, making them walk away with her. "I'll go and show you what a real date looks like. And then all three of us will have a good time."

"Rias… What are you doing?" Yuki muttered with a sigh.

V nodded her head obediently, before glancing back at me with the look she always had when ordering me while she was the 'Boss'. "We'll be buying some clothes for you as well, Basa. For now, please wait for us at the entrance or wherever you see fit."

"Don't interact with he-who-shall-not-be-named!" A pause. "…Although, that does sound interesting. Yeah, let's do that! Let's see if he still looks good with the lame clothes I'll pick, buehehehe…"

What's with that laugh.

I stared with a blank look as Rias left, taking Yuki and V with her in both arms while leaving me completely alone. On any other occasion, it looked like a pathetic sight - or rather, it actually was. This scene feels like my heroines got taken away or something.

Seriously, and the world thinks of me as the NTR guy. It's that demon who completely acts like it.

Anyway, considering that I was now left completely alone, I then went outside to leave them to their own devices. Those girls probably just want to have privacy or something, so I should respect their wishes. Let's just hope that whatever surprise they have in store wouldn't be that much of a hassle.

—Plus, I could use this opportunity to deal with some prying eyes that had been observing us the whole day.

I took a short moment to go to a vending machine and bought a nice cold can of coffee. Then, I went and stood at a particular spot near the vending machine, where there was a rectangular raised bed of plants used as landscape decor. There were benches by its side, but I chose not to sit for this occasion.

For a moment, I just sipped my canned coffee drink. On the outside it looked like I was enjoying the silence, but in reality I was just using the opportunity to observe the people that had been watching me.

Two people. People that I've actually met before, but belonging in different genres. It seems that they both came here together by coincidence instead of them cooperating with each other. Or at least, it looks that way. You never really know.

Still, I better find out what they want.

"So, can you finally stop hiding and tell me your business here?"

For a moment, there was a pause.

And I saw it from the bench right near me - a woman, who was dressed in fancy-looking clothes while wearing shades and a face mask, stiffened from my call when she was using her phone. Or at least, it looked like she was fiddling with it. I could see from the stuff displayed on the screen that she wasn't really paying attention to it though.

It was a great disguise that she wore, really. Throughout the whole day, she never really stood out to the point that even Rias, an actual demon with heightened senses, hadn't noticed her. Yuki didn't as well, but V might have noticed. It was impressive that she had done all that despite being a regular human however.

Anyway, with the jig up, the girl turned to my direction and removed her shades and face mask - revealing the woman's identity for me to see.


Spoiler

—But that wasn't all.

Because simultaneously, the other person who had been following me revealed themselves. This one was a bit more magical in nature, considering they had been following me while using a presence concealment spell. It was quite a strong one so literally no one was able to see her as she observed us.

Which was understandable. Because if people can see her, then she would definitely be attracting attention no matter where she went. Mostly because her beauty was almost ethereal in nature - it was like looking at an idealized version of a woman, with an incredible allure that could tempt even the most stoic of men.

In short, it was like looking at Rias. She was slightly smaller than her though. And with black twin-tails instead of red hair too. Along with being much, much more powerful.


Spoiler

The two of them stopped hiding the moment I called them. And they both spoke in response to my question.

"Quite a coincidence meeting you here, Basa…" / "Heya! How's my favorite mage doing—…?"

They both blinked as their voices trailed off. Whatever they were probably going to say was very mysterious and hook-worthy, but it really lost its effect the moment both of their dialogues overlapped with one another. And what was left was a strange awkward pause.

And so Yuki's sister Haru and the demon known as Serafall stared at one another, completely surprised by the other's presence, yet still somehow able to observe one another with analytical eyes. One that formed this hidden tension on the surface as the both of the women evaluated the other.

In short, it was a showdown between a competent drama side character and an action one

…I sipped my coffee.

This is certainly a unique situation I've found myself in.


I feel like a shill, but... if you like my stories enough, you can visit my patreon. I have ten advanced chapters there to all my active stories, and it actually just finished the current arc for this story and started the next one.

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtowing
Last edited: Apr 5, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Sajuuk, adamasx, leks and 1,160 others
Skrubchap
Apr 5, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 25 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Apr 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#2,986
I have developed the ability spit out acid, for drinking too much coffee has given me constant acid reflux.

Also holy cornball I wrote this months ago. Are textboxes cringe or are they hype? I don't know what to feel.


Chapter 25

With the reveal of the two troublesome people who had shadowed me throughout this trip, I had no choice but to hear them out and find a nearby place to talk to.

We chose a simple cafe and sat down at one of the tables there. The place wasn't really special but had plenty of customers. Attention, of course, was unavoidable - many of the people in the cafe are definitely glancing in our direction, considering the incredible beauty of the women sitting before me which completely contrasts with my delinquent-like appearance.

Thankfully, no one did the same thing as the about-to-be-isekai'd character last time and tried to white-knight them from me. And that wasn't just for my sake, but also to whoever that person may be.

Because right now, the atmosphere in this table…

"Hahaha!"


Spoiler

"Fufu…"


Spoiler

…Well, the words 'incredibly tense' would be putting it lightly.

"Man, that was a surprise." Serafall said, chuckling. "I didn't think that there'd be someone else following Basa-kun right here! I can't believe I missed your presence - you're just so utterly unremarkable that I didn't think you'd actually be involved!" she paused. "Oh, but I don't mean any offense about that, of course."

Haru chuckled as well. "None taken. I'm here undercover, so the fact that you failed to notice me just means I did a good job, no?" she replied. "But compared to me, I didn't notice you at all! Which is strange, since you're dressed so fashionably. How did you follow him without getting noticed by others? Do you have a forgettable presence?"

That made Serafall laugh. "Forgettable presence? Ahahaha! Ooh, that's nice. I guess you could say that I can do that. If I want to." she grinned. "That said, most people swear that I'm the opposite."

Haru, again, mirrored her. "Hahaha, what does that mean? You have a skill to do that or something?" then she grinned too but covered her mouth slightly with her hand. "Can you teach that to me? I've got plenty of people bugging me a lot, so that skill sounds totally useful!"

"I get that, I get that! And it totally is useful. Sometimes lots of people would bug me about my responsibilities too, and they get really troubled when I disappear! Ah, well, they can do a lot on their own though." Serafall said with a nod.

"Oh my, you already work? And here I thought you were a college student!"

"Ah, that's a nice compliment! But I've already finished college a long time ago." Serafall grinned once more. "Not gonna tell you my age though. That's a secret~!"

A seemingly innocuous conversation.

To an untrained eye, it appears that what was happening was just a friendly and casual interaction between two women who had only met each other, with both of them getting along swimmingly.

But to those who know and can spot the subtle details - it was anything but such.

Their words, despite being wrapped in the silk of agreeable sentences, seem to barb the other in small and implied ways as they spoke. Cues the other party displayed are observed then taken note of, and along with it, there were subtle changes in posture and gesture as time went on. Then there's also the constant use of psychological tricks: mirroring, pacing, all that stuff.

It was a battle of dominance on a social level. If there was an image of what a verbal battle might be, then it would be what I was witnessing right here.

And as a result of that…

"—visited Japan here and there. I can speak the language but I'm more of a tourist." Serafall said after yapping for a while. "Oh, but we did own a school as well, though. Ever heard of Kuoh? That's where my sister is attending as the Student Council President. So we're quite similar in that regard!"

"…Now that's a surprise. Kuoh? I've heard of it. That used to be an all-girl's high school back in the day, correct?" Haru replied, her tone a bit reserved compared to how she started. "Sobu High also prides itself as an elite school, but it certainly isn't as fancy as Kuoh. And your little sister is the Student Council President too? Impressive. I was also one back in the day, but my sister is busy running a club instead of following in my footsteps."

Serafall nodded her head emphatically.

"Hm hm. Running clubs are pretty good too. My sister's best friend also runs one and I can tell that she's pretty jealous. Did you know she just called me today saying that she doesn't feel like being president anymore?" Serafall sighed. "Titles and authorities are all good, but the responsibilities that come with sometimes don't make it worth it at all. And that's speaking from experience."

"Yes. I completely understand it too." Haru said with a sad smile.

…Somehow, the social monster was completely rendered harmless.

Yuki's sister was completely confused, even if she didn't show it beyond that smile that looked dimmer than her usual expression. And while it likely wasn't her first time being outclassed by someone (I did do that to her last time we met) the times that it did happen can probably be counted in a single hand.

As a drama side character with competence in all things social to drive the plot forward, she had definitely won these social games an uncountable number of times. However, right now the woman found herself unable to do anything against the person right in front of her - unable to read her tells, nor even direct the conversation the way she wanted it to go.

And it's because she's facing a much more experienced and skilled person than her.

"Oh, but where are my manners? I haven't introduced myself." the demon said with a smile. "My name is Serafall Leviathan. It's very nice to meet someone as affable and charismatic as you."

—Serafall 'Leviathan' Vignette.

Also known as the Greatest Female Devil.

As one of the many persons of interest within Rias' setting, I've gathered and compiled information about her which I put in the office. Serafall is pretty much known as one of the top contenders of being the leader of the underworld, right alongside her friends Sirzechs and Ajuka, and together they formed a faction which is pretty much a major power within hell.

One might wonder why a shounen action character like her managed to defeat a person from a drama genre in a verbal battle. And someone so skilled who would be more accurately called a plot device than a character, at that. After all, shouldn't shounen action characters be much more gullible and simple, so to speak?

But the reason for that is actually pretty simple.

Serafall Leviathan was a unique side character. In the eyes of her faction, she would usually take on the role of a diplomat. In a might-makes-right and backstabbing political environment that devils seem to thrive in, the fact that she was the type to focus on negotiation among the top contenders makes her a pretty distinct one compared to them. Not to say she wasn't powerful however, but it was one of the many things she was known for.

She had an immense grasp of politics and soft power. It was very likely that with her as an ally, when it comes to Rias' previous narrative before she stole the role of MC, it was Serafall who smooths out everything in case something politicky happened . A plot device that drives the plot forward, especially when less action-like things come into play.

In short, it's because she was like Haru here. And considering she's pretty much older than her in terms of centuries and has plenty of experience under her belt along with superhuman senses, it's no competition. That's the answer to it, really.

Honestly, it's more impressive that a normal human can actually manage to even compete with her level.

"It's nice to meet you, Leviathan-san." Yuki's sister replied back, going back to her usual smile as if her earlier confusion hadn't existed. "And while it's not as memorable of a name as yourself, my name is Haru Yanai. From the Yanai family."

"Yanai family…? Ah, you mean the local human politicians?"

"Human?"

—Hey.

Serafall blinked, realizing what she just said, and then started waving her hand dismissively. "Ah, sorry sorry. Still trying to get a hold of the language!" she nodded her head. "Japanese really is hard, isn't it? Totally didn't mean to say that, hm hm."

Haru stared. "I see…?"

I gave her a flat look.

Competent she might be, it's not like she shows it consistently since she's still subjected to the same airheadedness as the others in her genre. Rias' story was a generic action harem thing after all. And considering that Serafall was said to have a childish and whimsical personality - having an obsession for magical girls for some reason - it's very likely that this side character, whenever she appears, is usually played for laughs.

The powerful demon then cleared her throat. "Ahem! Anyway! Now that we have introductions out of the way, we should probably address the elephant in the room." she turned to me. "You, sir, don't you have something to say for yourself?"

I raised a brow, wondering what she could possibly mean. That confusion intensified when Yuki's sister stopped focusing on Serafall and her words earlier as well, and instead turned her whole attention to me.

"Oh, yes. I was also wondering about that myself." Haru stated with exaggerated curiosity. "Do you mind telling us why you were out and about with three girls on a weekend? Are you taking multiple people on a date, Basa-kun? Isn't that a very trashy thing to do?"

…Right. Of course.

"It's not a date." I told them.

Serafall put her finger on her chin at my answer.

"Really? That's strange. All of you went around the shopping district while having fun, and right now, the three of them are shopping for some clothes while they ask for your compliments. That's pretty date-like if you ask me! …Well, you did get kicked out by the end though." she listed off, before pausing. "Oh, but that buffet restaurant was a real treat. Thanks for taking me there! I'll definitely come back when I have the time."

So you followed us inside. I guess that's the reason why the staring suddenly disappeared when we ate lunch. This demon was probably gorging herself with the food at that time… but it's not like I wasn't the same, so I guess I couldn't really blame her.

Haru then cleared her throat to gain our attention and smiled, and it was only with my pretty sharpened senses that I could see that the woman was slightly embarrassed, even as she tried covering it with her usual coolness.

"Yes, that restaurant was definitely worthy of praise, isn't it? The dishes are definitely delicious!" So you went inside with us too, huh. "But moving on - I've also overheard many of your conversations, Basa-kun. And they're definitely not about just hanging out with one another… So would you mind revising that earlier explanation, hm?"

I internally sighed at the implicit warning on the woman's gaze as she said those words even as she smiled. Fine, she wants an answer? I'll give her an answer.

"It really isn't. We're here to show someone what it looks like to have fun, considering they've mostly been living on the battlefield so far." I elaborated. "I'm sure you should've connected the dots by now since you said you've listened to our conversations. It isn't a date at all."

There was a short pause from the both of them when I said that. Serafall then tilted her head, glancing at the direction of the clothing shop with a curious look. But for Haru, her reaction was a bit more different.

The manufactured smile on her face went down a bit. "I did hear what you all said, but really, Basa-kun? A battlefield?" she shook her head disappointedly. "If you have to lie, then shouldn't you at least put more effort—?"

"Oh, yeah. She does seem pretty strong for a human." Serafall suddenly interjected with a thoughtful look, making Yuki's sister stop. "I only noticed it now, but is that hand of hers actually a prosthetic? That's pretty lifelike. And it's disguised nicely too. Props to whoever made that thing."

"Thank you." I said with a nod. It was yours truly who did that, after all.

In any case, the other woman at the table was now completely lost after my exchange with Serafall. The smile on Haru's face looked a bit forced and it was clear that she had plenty of questions in her mind while she stared at the both of us.

Well, it was completely understandable. Serafall just completely forgot disguising herself as a normal human again. And it was only something she just realized moments later when she caught me staring flatly at her, making her quickly turn to Haru.

"Ah, I was just saying that because I noticed that the girl carries herself differently! I might not look like it, but I'm actually very experienced when it comes to fighting, you know?" That was a vast understatement. This woman can destroy an entire small country in her sleep. "So, I just noticed that she was stronger than normal! Hehe~☆!"

"Yes… Of course." Haru answered, unsure.

It was a horrible excuse, considering it did nothing to the woman who still looked thoroughly unconvinced and even outright suspicious. It was enough for Serafall though, because she gave me a thumbs up with a proud look on her face.

Right in front of Haru, who was still staring at her.

…Was this demon even trying?

"That's very interesting. But, moving on from… that." Haru said, desperately trying to move on and ignore the nonsense that we've said earlier. "It seems that all of you still acted quite intimate, didn't you? I've heard some of the things you've said to one another. So how about you try explaining that instead, Basa-kun?"

Her eyes narrowed as she smiled.

"…Are you sure you're not as trashy as you pretend not to be?"

What's with this woman.

I thought she was teasing me at first, but it sounds to me that she's pretty much focused on me hanging out with different girls. Although, I guess it makes sense considering that unlike Serafall, she has the sensibilities of a normal human and rightfully has to question that.

Still, did she follow me since one of said girls I hang around with is her sister? Strange, considering according to the heroine, her sister doesn't care about her at all. So why was she… Ah, I think I understand the situation now.

Typical drama characters. Why did Yuki not fix her messed up family again? Well, chances are that she probably still hadn't realized it. Internalized issues aren't something you easily deal with, after all.

"Well?" Haru prompted, not losing the smile on her face. "I'm waiting. Or is there no bad answer?"

I stared at her blankly. If she wants an answer, then I suppose I should give it to her straight. Yuki would have to sort this out eventually anyway.

"It's not that the answer is bad. More like complicated." I told her while sipping my canned coffee.

She let out an amused exhale. "Is that so? It sounds to me that you're just making excuses—"

"It's because I'm in a harem."

"—Eh?"

Hey, your manufactured smile was wiped off your face there. Haru somehow managed to get truly caught off-guard from my statement, and it only got worse with Serafall's next words.

"Ah, right. So this is Rias' harem? Not bad, not bad." the demon said with a nod while she crossed her arms. "Could use more magical girls, but this is also fine. I was sure that those in her club would be the members of her harem though… but I guess life really is full of surprises, huh?"

Haru stared at her, eyes wide and looking like she couldn't believe what she just heard. This was probably the truest expression she had revealed ever since I met her. And honestly, looking at her like that…


Spoiler

…It reminded me of the heroine a bit, during the early days when we met.

That was only for a moment though, since the woman eventually recomposed herself again. The shocked look on her face disappeared before being replaced with a forced neutral expression, and then eventually a thoughtful one. I can definitely see that her non-meta mind was working overtime behind that expression to rationalize what we were saying.

And once she settled into one, Haru's shoulders started to shake… before eventually turning into full-blown laughter.

"Ahahaha! What are you two even saying? A harem? That's hilarious!" the woman chuckled out, sounding like she'd heard the funniest joke in history. "Wow, you two really got me good there… That's a nasty piece of prank you've pulled me into, Basa-kun. It's a good one though. You even had me believing it for a second."

It wasn't a joke, ma'am.

Haru then shook her head. "Phew. Alright, so you don't want to answer? Fine, I'll play along with this little strange roleplay. I was just teasing you anyway."

Her teasing felt more like an interrogation, but alright. I shrugged.

"…So, may I ask why you're both here? You never did say." I asked instead, finally shifting the topic to something productive.

Serafall grinned at that. "I did say before that I wanted to hang out with you, didn't I?" she answered. "I wanted to see and know more about this interesting human mage that everyone in Sirzechs' place was making a fuss about. It seems like I caught you in the middle of something when I got here though, so I decided to follow you!"

Do top-contenders in hell even have the free time to stalk someone? Because it sounds like she's wasting a massive amount of time when she could literally spend it going anywhere else.

"A 'mage', huh?" Haru followed Serafall's answer, letting out another giggle. "I've also heard you mention it earlier, Leviathan-san. Seriously, what is this roleplay supposed to be? Is Basa-kun supposed to be a magician?"

Haru then looked at me with an amused expression. And in response to her statement, with a blank face I put my canned coffee down, before displaying my hand right in front of her. Kinda like I was some sort of showman saying that there's nothing there while I prepare the trick.

She blinked.

Then, there was my spirit weapon in my hand.

"…Impressive." Haru said, expression looking sorta forced once more. Seems that she'd have to reevaluate her little rationalization she settled into earlier. "That was… a great magic trick."

"Ahaha! It really is, isn't it? Incredible!"

Meanwhile, Serafall clapped. She had witnessed me summoning the butterfly knife into my hands unlike Haru. But while the demon was familiar with the supernatural, it was only within her setting - so seeing something like a spirit weapon was the first time for her.

She didn't try to press me about it though, limiting herself only with a curious look at the weapon. Still, she grinned.

"Looks like Sona-chan and the others are telling the truth. You really are an interesting one." Serafall stated. "So have you taught Rias-chan a lot of tricks as well? That guest that she dropped to us the other day… it's surprising that someone like her was able to defeat an opponent like that, you know? Much more surprising than her win against that Twining kid."

I stayed silent. She must've been talking about the demon they encountered in Westalis Imperial Palace. If I remember the details right, the demon was from an older time.

I suppose Rias beating someone like that was a feat in itself. Her increase in strength was due to her hard work in training and study, which she hadn't stopped once she decided to get really serious. But I can see how that could cause some attention due to how fast she grew.

Still, considering the catalyst of that change… I guess I see the reason why Serafall is here now.

My thoughts were proven correct with her next words. "Anyway, I was being truthful when I said I was here to check on you. After all, you've been gaining some attention, being the likely cause of all this." she paused, seeing me frown at that. "Don't worry. It's just within Rias' family and everybody else in our faction. No one spread your name or anything, since people wanted to keep you with us in case you're a potential asset."

The demon then leaned in and tried to whisper discreetly. Or at least she tried to, considering anyone in earshot can still hear her, including Haru.

"Oh, and don't tell anyone about this, but… Sirzechs actually told me to find dirt on you that would prove that you're using his precious little sister. He really doesn't want you joining our faction. He even told me to make up something if I failed! Can you believe that guy?"

I do, because siscons are a special kind of breed of characters made from people who never had sisters. Understanding the mindset of one is the same as understanding a fictitious cryptid made by madmen.

Still, I expect some comedic hostility aimed at me from now on. Should probably watch out for that.

"I see." I settled.

She looked proud. "Fortunately for you, that guy can screw himself! Who does he think he is, using his friend to do his dirty work for him?" she shook her head disappointingly. "So you can pretty much ignore that guy. Instead, you should focus on getting the approval of our faction. Because while we're fine with you being human, the others… aren't."

I didn't comment, and the demon continued to speak. And this time she did so with a sad smile on her face.

"To me and my friend's greatest shame, even now there are still people within our faction who think humans as nothing but lesser beings. It's strange really, despite us borrowing a lot of things from them and acting as something like parasites, demons still have that opinion." she explained. "Rias-chan announcing her desire to claim the title of Satan was enough to make an uproar, but the fact that she chose a human instead of her demon fiance is making people raise a stink. Sure, you've shown interesting things, and there's probably more to you under that cool exterior…"

I hummed. "But your faction needs actual proof. Is that it?"

She pointed at me. "Exactly! They want reassurance. Your abilities and skills are definitely useful, but to smooth things over - you need to prove that people can trust you, and that you're strong enough to be someone worthy of joining the faction."

How troublesome.

Demon politics. It isn't something expected in Rias' shounen action plot since it's mostly glossed over due to the nature of the story. However, it still exists - but only in a way that flows around them rather than affecting the characters directly.

And apparently, I was in a unique enough position to be swept up in it.

"—Which leads me to this next thing. Since, it's the best way to solve the problems." Serafall continued. "Basa-kun, if you want the current arrangement with Rias participating in the race to become Satan, with you supporting her in the sidelines…"

She gave me a grave look.

"Then you're gonna have to do something for us."

I stayed silent, staring at her.

There was a beat, and the demon was back to all smiles again. "Welp! That's pretty much the reason why I was here." she stated, before turning to the other woman present. "What about you, Haru-chan? Are you also going to tell Basa-kun why you're here?"

The drama character had been quietly listening to us after a while. And at some point, any traces of her confusion and earlier disbelief had disappeared, replaced with a completely neutral look.

"Demons, huh…" she closed her eyes. "If I'm following correctly from all the provided context, Basa-kun here is involved with a demon heiress - to that girl with the red hair, Rias. And the fact that he's human is causing problems. Is that right?"

"Oh? You've got it right!" Serafall grinned, not even trying to hide it anymore. "So? Do you believe everything we've said, Haru-chan?"

The woman hummed in thought, and I glanced at her, watching her reaction closely.

"Hm… Nope! I still think that this is an elaborate prank." she responded with a jovial smile. "But then again, I've been seeing very strange things lately. And you all act like you genuinely believe your words. So if there was an off-chance that it's true… then it seems that my sister had gotten herself involved in something troublesome, huh?"

She doesn't know half of it. The woman then tilted her head from side to side, looking deep in thought.

Then, with a nod of her head, she settled on a decision.

"Alright, if that was the case - it looks that the both of us are in similar circumstances, Leviathan-san."

Serafall tilted her head at that. "Really? How so?"

"Well, just like how Basa-kun is not trusted to have Rias' best interests because he's human, I also feel the same but for different reasons." she put her hand on her cheek and let out a sigh. "For the life of me, I just can't trust this delinquent - especially since he's so mysterious that it even makes me question myself! I want reassurance that he wouldn't just use my sister and potentially affect our family's reputation. So surely something needs to be done so that this arrangement should be allowed, right?"

Haru then gave me a smile.

"So like Leviathan-san here, how about you also do something for me, Basa-kun? Just so that every party involved will have peace of mind?" she asked rhetorically.

"Ohh, that's a great idea!" Serafall said with a smile. "Don't you think so as well, Basa-kun?"

I stared at both of them.

Both are asking open favors. And while I was sure that what they'll ask me wouldn't be too unreasonable, there's always the chance that it could escalate. Accepting this is just asking the narrative to go wild after all. And with the Rias' and Yuki's plots already completely altered from its original form, I have no idea what awaits me once I accept their words.

But then again, it's not like it's all that important for me to do this. For Serafall, this was meant to smooth over the politics of her faction. And for Haru, it's just meant to get her approval in pursuing her sister. Both could easily be solved by, say, a healthy dose of hypnosis.

I don't prefer that method though, especially when lives aren't necessarily on the line. I'd probably try to find other alternatives and only use that as a last resort. Still, choosing to accept this open-ended favor would definitely lead to a hook to a likely troublesome plot point, so it's best to just deal with this in a controlled manner—

A chime in my pocket made me pause in my thoughts. I looked down, before getting my phone out and reading the sudden message displayed on the screen.

Then, I inwardly clicked my tongue.

"…This damn world."

And so with a heavy heart and a moment of deliberation, I put down the phone before nodding my head. That made the two women smile, although they did look a bit curious at what I read from my phone. That curiosity quickly disappeared, however.

"You made the right choice, Basa-kun. For a moment there I thought that you were going to refuse. Sona-chan did say that you have a rebellious vibe around you." Serafall stated.

Haru giggled. "That's accurate. You should've seen the first time we met. I asked him to talk with me and he just said 'no' straight to my face!"

"…In my defense, you're being rude." The woman just went up to me and started demanding things, after all. Then, I sighed. "Anyway, what do you two even want done?"

"Hm, that one is still in the works." Serafall hummed in thought. "I was actually thinking that it should include Rias-chan's club along with Sona-chan's student council since they're related to this… so maybe it'll be something that involves the school?"

"…Is that so?"

Serafall was all smiles. "Yep!"

"Oh? I was thinking of the same thing too." Haru commented.

"Hm." I glanced at her. "You too? What could you possibly want done in that school?"

Considering her family's influence and the funding sent to the high school I'm going to, that place was pretty much owned by them. There was no need for me to do anything when she could just say something and it'll be done.

She grinned. "Wouldn't you like to know?" the woman replied teasingly, seemingly enjoying being the mysterious one this time. "Guess you'll just have to wait until it happens."

Woman, I can read your mind at any time. The reason I don't is because I'm such a nice guy.

Serafall suddenly perked up. "Oh, I have an idea! Since we'll be asking Basa-kun to do something, why don't we just wrap it up together in a single event?" she suggested. "After all, you must be a pretty busy person, so this way you can deal with it in one fell swoop! And it'll also be much more interesting!"

"Together…? Kuoh is quite far away from Sobu, Leviathan-san." Haru said, pointing out the (relative) impossibility of her suggestion.

"Right, but that doesn't matter. See, I mentioned that my sister has been getting lethargic lately right? So I figure that I might just help her and give her something to do later when I visit. And considering the situation right now… a little kick up the bum should give her the energy, don't you think?"

"Well, I suppose…" Haru looked curious. "But what exactly do you mean, Leviathan-san?"

In reply, Serafall simply smiled and steepled her fingers together on the table.

Then, she spoke out a sudden, yet fitting suggestion.



"—Say, why don't we make an interschool event?"




While a strange talk was happening just outside the clothing store, within the actual place itself, three girls had spent their time picking out clothes much like a normal outing.

"—So? What do you think? It looks good on me, right?"

Yuki hummed as she observed the clothes Rias picked out for herself.


Spoiler

It was a formal dress. Something that a person might wear while attending a ball event. The design itself was very eyecatching, and the way it hugged around Rias' curves also made her look very appealing to the eye. Or perhaps that was just her natural beauty making the dress beautiful just by wearing it.

Either way, she looked very nice. Especially with the way it emphasizes her… certain parts.

"It looks good on you, Rias." she answered honestly, trying to keep her face neutral.

Right beside her, V was also looking over the redhead. The blonde looked as blank as ever but she noticed the way that her eyes scanned Rias' entire body in an analytical manner. Then, seemingly finding it satisfactory, she nodded her head.

"Yes. It's very beautiful." V replied. "It's a colorful dress."

Rias gave both of them a glance and a mock frown. "Mou, you two. What's with those answers? I've already heard different variations of that!" she said petulantly, putting her hands on her hips. "Do you guys want to get thrown out too? Because that's how you get thrown out on this date!"

"But wouldn't you just be alone at that point…?" Yuki pointed out exasperatedly.

"That doesn't matter! What's important is how unenthusiastic you are." Rias then gave her a look. "Yuki-chan, seriously what's with you? I mean, I can excuse V because everything is so new for her, but that's not the same as you, isn't it? There should be more… more impact! More effect! Just general energy!"

She doesn't quite get what the redhead was saying but… she does see how her attitude feels a little cold earlier.

Yuki coughed, feeling slightly sheepish. "R-Right, apologies. It's just that, I'm not really sure what to say here." she confessed. "My experience with these sorts of things are limited. I usually buy clothes alone…"

The only times that she'd experienced shopping with friends would be whenever Kaeda-san invited her to hang out. And even then, most of the time it's just eating in a restaurant or maybe shopping for some other things. The times they went to a clothing store together can be counted in one hand, and she was always as awkward as she was right now each time.

Rias sighed. "Hahh, I can't believe I'm stuck with two people who don't know much about these things… alright, guess I'm going to have to teach you a bit of advice!" the redhead pointed at the both of them. "Listen up, both of you. When girls ask what you think about their clothing - they're not asking about the opinion of whether the clothes fit or not, they want you to praise them!"

Yuki blinked. "I-Is that so…?"

"Of course! Do you really think that a girl would pick out clothes and show them off right in front of you if they weren't confident about it? Which is why when that happens, you have to bust out the big guns and start complimenting her a lot! That's how it should work!"

Rias nodded her head with a proud look at what she said. Yuki could actually think of other scenarios that completely invalidates the girl's advice, but she really couldn't muster the will to correct her, considering the expression of the blonde right next to herself.

"Ooh. I see." V said with a flat tone, but it was clear that she looked fascinated at what she learned. "We should've complimented you before when you asked us, then. Can we try again?"

Rias puffed her chest with a smug smile. "Go for it! Hm hm…!"

For a moment, the blonde was quiet as she observed Rias again while thinking of what to say. And then, seemingly coming to a decision, she nodded her head and spoke.

"You are very, very beautiful." V said sincerely. "A definite ten out of ten. I will goon to you later."

"—Wait, that's just what Basa-kun said earlier! That's not original at all!"

Rias retorted in a comical manner, and Yuki watched it all with a sweatdrop.

No, in the first place, that's not what Rias should be concerned about shouldn't she…? Seriously, what was with that last statement? At this rate, V would be learning weird things. Although she really wasn't that concerned since she's a mature adult woman, but…

She shook her head. "I think you should refrain from speaking that last part, V. It usually isn't considered a compliment to say that." More like a creepy comment that counts as sexual harassment, really. Then, she turned to the redhead. "That said… I'm a bit curious, Rias. Why are you buying a dress today? Are you going to attend an event?"

"Oh? Yeah, actually. I'm going to have to attend events now that I'm trying to become the president of hell." the redhead sighed. "My family and the rest of the faction we belong to want me to go back to hell and meet with them. There's going to a ball event or something, but it's likely that they'll just want to grill me with questions while I'm there." she sucked in her breath through her teeth. "Sheesh… definitely not looking forward to that"

"A ball, huh…" Yuki frowned, remembering her own experiences in participating in such events. "Yes, it can get quite overwhelming. And considering you're the main focus of such an event, it'll definitely be stressful."

"I knooow~ I'm not looking forward to it at all…"

"Are those events really that bad?" V asked. "My knowledge of them is only when I assassinated warmonger officials in it. To me, it just looked like people were talking and dancing in a fancy place… Well, that was before I took the shot though. Afterwards people definitely looked stressed out."

Yuki sweatdropped at the banality of how she said those words. "I doubt that what we've experienced is as bad as what you think, but those types of events are typically full of passive-aggressive people and lots of verbal battles. They're really nothing much on their own, but it wears you down after a while."

"Yeah! It's the worst! Ugh, I actually just want to ignore it, but I need to do it. My club will be there with me, which is good, but they'll probably be really busy too…" Rias muttered darkly, before perking up. "Oh, I know! How about you guys try to join in the event?"

Yuki and V blinked.

"Us…?" she asked.

"Yep! You guys have never been to hell, haven't you?" Rias grinned. "Come on, it'll be fun! I'll show you around my mansion when you guys visit!"

For a moment she thought it over. "…Well, I suppose I have no reason not to join." Yuki considered before glancing at V, who also nodded her head. That made her turn to the redhead with a smile. "Alright, looks like we'll be in your care, Rias."

Rias brightened. "Yeah! Now I won't be alone! We're going to have some fun there, you'll see!" then her expression turned a tad sinister. "And of course, I also get to show off my harem. Heh, those guys will definitely be seething when I rub you guys on their faces, kukuku…!"

What was with that laugh? That said…

"We're not trophies to show off, you know. And please don't actually make a big deal out of it. I might explode in embarrassment if you did that." Yuki muttered, feeling a bit of a blush on her face at the prospect of it happening.

"I also agree. Putting a spotlight on us wouldn't be good. Especially if there are potential enemies within the place." V stated, looking thoughtful. "That event would be full of demons, correct? I was told that nice demons like you are the exceptions, not the norm. So some degree of trouble should be expected."

Rias blinked. "Oh, you don't need to worry about that." she reassured, waving her hand dismissively. "My brother and his friends would be attending so the annoying people there definitely wouldn't cause trouble. Not unless they want their butts kicked, that is!"

"I see. That's reassuring." V commented, before tilting her head. "…I suppose I can wear the dress we bought today for that event then. What about you, Yuki? Will you need to buy your own dress as well?"

She shook her head. "I'm actually fine. I have dresses in my wardrobe for these formal occasions."

"Oh, that's a shame, I wanted to see you in a dress too…" Rias muttered pitifully.

The sight of it made her giggle a bit. "Maybe next time." she told her, before pausing when a thought crossed her mind. "Actually, what about Basa-kun? He'll also be in that event as well, right? It might be good if we get him an outfit too, right?"

Somehow, her statement made Rias regain her vitality, and the girl crossed her arms while letting out a huff. Yuki blinked, surprised. Was there something that she said?

As it turns out, the girl was just being petulant. "Hmph! That guy, I bet that if we say that, he'll say something along the lines of 'I already have plenty of clothes for those kinds of things, so why the hell would I buy them?'" the girl said that with a lowered tone and a neutral expression on her face. Yuki blinked. "—Or something along those lines. Seriously, for someone as powerful as him, that guy's a cheapskate!"

"That was a very good impression of him, Rias." V complimented.

"Thanks! I worked hard on it!" Worked hard? What did she even mean by that…? "Hm, although, maybe we do need to have him wear something matching with me or something. Just to make him look a little special. Because from what I can tell, a lot of people are pretty curious about him… Especially after knowing just how much he helped us."

"…I suppose that we should go fetch him then?" Yuki asked.

"Oh, alright. I guess he's already waited long enough anyway." Rias nodded. "Let's go get Basa-kun dressed up! And as revenge for his lousy boyfriend acts - I'm going to definitely make him wear some funny and strange clothes!"

A smile made its way on her face. That was definitely something to look forward to.

And with that, after a short moment of Rias changing back to her previous clothes - all of them went back outside the clothing store to go and get Basa-kun. The man likely would've been hanging around the store, looking something like a normal delinquent hanging suspiciously around as dictated by his character status, and Yuki glanced around the outside of the store looking someone like that.

Strangely however, there wasn't anyone around that fit the description. But extending her search to other shops nearby the clothing store - she did manage to spot something. One that had caught her complete attention.

"…That's…"

On a cafe opposite the street and slightly to the right, on the outdoor seating. There, seated on one of the tables, she spotted someone who was unmistakably Basa-kun… and along with him were two other women, each seated on the same table as he was and chatting with one another.

A person's first thought of him hanging around other women like this would definitely be 'he's trash' or something along those lines. But Yuki was beyond that, and because she was able to instantly recognize the women with him. Or at least, one of them.

"Nee-san…?" Yuki muttered, staring at her sister.

"Wait, isn't that Serafall-san too? Why are they here?" Rias wondered, spotting the same scene as well.

V stared at them both, and then to where Basa-kun was. "Are they people that you know?"

She nodded. "Yes. One of them is my sister. And as for the other one…" Yuki turned to Rias. "I believe that she's one of your family's allies? That's what I remember from the files in your setting."

"Yeah, she is. It's strange that she's here in the human world though. She's usually busy with work, and I don't think she said anything about visiting us either." Rias observed, looking puzzled at the woman's presence.

And she felt the same went for her sister. She usually visits without notice, but it's only whenever Yuki is in her apartment. She had never encountered her outside like this. And the fact that she was here brings up massive warnings. Her sister usually had eyes around people she deemed important, but if she was physically present…

Did she follow them while they were enjoying the outing?

Many thoughts appeared in her mind as it raced for a possible explanation of what was happening. However, her questions and hypothesis about the current situation were interrupted when V spoke, offering a straightforward solution.

"Let's greet and ask them then." the blonde stated. "They noticed us the moment we left the store. And even much earlier for this 'Serafall-san'. They're just waiting for us to approach."

True to her words, the moment V finished saying her statement, the two women stopped chatting and turned to their direction. 'Serafall-san' started waving at us cheerily, while the other woman stared straight at Yuki's eyes and then smiled.

Yuki had to stop her initial reaction to flinch. It was strange, really. Despite already facing much worse opponents - she still somehow couldn't help but feel little under her older sister's gaze.

Nevertheless, she had already stared defiantly at her sister the last time they had met, and doing it again for the second time was slightly easier. And together with her friends, they approached the cafe where the group were sitting.

"Yahallo, everyone!" her sister greeted, her amicable smile perfectly in place. "Are you guys done with your shopping? That was earlier than we thought."

"We're just here to fetch Basa-kun, nee-san. We're not yet done shopping." Yuki briefly answered. "But more importantly - what exactly are you doing here? Did you follow us?" she asked.

Her sister opened her mouth. She was likely about to say some excuse or deflect her question entirely, but before she could do so, she was interrupted when the woman beside her answered instead.

"Yep! We followed you guys and got caught! Te he~☆!" Serafall-san replied, sticking out her tongue and bumping a fist on her head. "As for why we're here, we've got some business that actually concerns Basa-kun so we had a chat with him. Isn't that right, Haru-chan?"

It was then that Yuki saw the peculiar sight of her sister's constant perfect smile dim slightly. It wasn't immediately clear to see, but to someone like her who had known her sister her entire life - the difference was obvious.

The signs appeared only for a moment however. "Yes, that's right." her sister said, tone slightly emphasized indicating her annoyance. "I would've preferred to tell her that myself though."

Serafall-san tilted her head. "Hm? Why?" she then paused as if realizing something. "…Ah, are you trying to act like an invincible sister or something? I get it, I really get it! I tried doing that to my little sister Sona one time you know? But as it turns out it really stresses her. So I eventually thought—"

Yuki watched with a strange look as the demon started talking her sister's ear off about the topic of little sisters and how she acted about them. While the topic was indeed strange and probably implied that the demon had an unhealthy degree of obsession to her own sibling, she was mostly focused on her sister's reactions.

The talk with Basa-kun had Yuki seeing her sister not have things going her way for the first time in her life. This one was quite similar, and Yuki was able to see Haru act uncomfortable. She witnessed the way her sister's actions and expressions turn strained, and her attempts of trying to dominate and control the conversation were easily sidestepped.

What exactly was going on here…?

Yuki glanced to the side, where she met the eyes of Basa-kun who was drinking canned coffee in a cafe for some reason. Then with practiced ease, she started talking to the man with the telepathic skill she learned from him.

Do you mind telling us what is happening?

He calmly sipped his drink.

…Just something troublesome. They'll explain it, don't worry.

A frustratingly vague answer like usual. But before Yuki could press some more about it, Serafall-san suddenly paused from her talk with her sister and gave them a mildly disapproving frown.

"Hey now, isn't it rude to converse that way when there's people right in front of you?" the demon scolded with a petulant tone. "You could just ask us straight, you know? No need for that!"

Yuki blinked.

"R-Right. My apologies." she muttered sheepishly, feeling the need to kick herself because of course a supernatural being like her would detect that. "May I ask what exactly your business here is, then?"

"Yeah, Serafall-san. You didn't tell us you were visiting the human world." Rias commented with a curious tone. "And Sona definitely doesn't know either. Did you not tell her yet? I'll call her for you if you—"

That made the older demon wave her hands frantically. "O-Oh, no no! No need for that, Rias-chan. I'll tell her that myself. You know how she feels about surprise visits." she then let out a breath and turned to Yuki. "Now as for your question… Well, we're to ascertain some things about Basa-kun!"

"Ascertain?"

Serafall-san grinned. "Yep!"

And with that, the demon launched an explanation about the current state of their faction, and how they're not sure whether he can be trusted to join the faction or not. And to smooth things out, they needed to make Basa-kun do something that would prove that he's fit to join the faction. Yuki could tell that the situation was dumbed down and more complicated than that, but it's likely the gist of it.

And throughout it all, she watched her sister react to the information. It looks like she had already heard it before, and Yuki could tell that Haru doesn't believe a lick of it due to the genre divide. Still, it was strange to see her acting like she did, listening to them talk with a smile on her face.

Nevertheless… "Does that apply to us as well?" Yuki asked when the demon finished.

"Hm? Oh, no. Don't worry about that. They're only focused on Basa-kun here."

She furrowed her brow in confusion. "Why? We're also with Rias, aren't we?"

"I think I get it. It's because he's the only strong one, Yuki-chan." Rias answered in Serafall's stead. "Basa-kun is the only person they feel threatened about because they don't know about him. But as for you, Aoki-san and V…"

Serafall nodded. "Yep, that's exactly it! You look like a very skilled human for your age, but you're not really that powerful. Probably falling below mid-level, at best." she then turned to V, who was being quiet the whole time. "As for you… You're the one that held off that old demon, right? That's impressive, actually."

"It isn't anything noteworthy. That demon was just playing around and didn't take me seriously." V replied.

"I guess that's true. Still impressive you survived him though!" she complimented, before continuing on with her explanation. "Anyway, going back on our way to Basa-kun - we've come to an agreement that we'll be involving your schools for this. So we've decided to make an interschool event!"

…What?

"I don't recall there ever being an agreement. The whole thing was just your whim." Basa-kun flatly stated.

"Oh, but it was an agreement though? After all, both Haru-chan and I wanted the same thing. I'm just making things easier for the both of us. And for you as well!" Serafall-san turned to her sister with a smile. "Isn't that right, Haru-chan?"

"Well, I do want Basa-kun to do something for me, so… I suppose it's convenient enough?" her sister answered, tilting her head. Then she shrugged. "Oh well, this seems interesting. So I guess it should be fine if we do it."

Yuki frowned, turning to her sister.

"Nee-san, what exactly are you trying to do…?" she muttered, completely confused. "Why are you even here? And what's this about wanting to do the same thing as Serafall-san? And asking Basa-kun to do something for you?"

Her sister just sipped her drink and gave her a calm smile.

"I'm just here to see what my sister is up to, Yuki-chan. After all, you've seemingly surrounded yourself with many interesting people who talk about strange things." Haru answered cheerily. "And you know me. I just hate it whenever I can't figure out a puzzle. So I tried to find out what was going on myself!"

Yuki's eyes narrowed a bit at that.

Her sister was lying. Or at least, not telling the entire truth.

"…I see." she settled.

Serafall-san clapped her hands. "It's decided then! An interschool event with our two schools! How exciting!"

And just like that, two undoubtedly powerful authorities within the city suddenly decided to collaborate on making a school event. However, while that was surprising in its own way, Yuki's attention was more on her sister and the strange things that she said.

Her sister was plotting something. She can never really tell with her, but putting aside the fact that her sister was an incredibly competent side character, she knew that the woman she grew up with wouldn't make such strange decisions only on a whim.

So why this…? Why follow them and ask Basa-kun? To what end does she do all this?

Yuki stared at her sister, whose true thoughts remained unknown like always.

…

Then, she blinked.

There was a sudden thought that appeared in her mind. A thought that she wouldn't have entertained before, and something that finds slightly ludicrous even now. Her life before turning meta had closed her mind about many things after all, forcing her to become subjected to many misunderstandings just for the sake of drama.

And one of the relationships it had affected the most was between her sister and herself. She had thought of her sister as a monstrous machine that locks on insecurities and controls people with just her words. And nothing beyond that. They had never been proper siblings for a very long time.

But what if… what if that wasn't the case?

"Nee-san," Yuki spoke with a soft tone."Are you perhaps worried about me?"

Again, her sister's smiling expression remained unchanged. The mask that she put on her face remained firmly in place and there was little to no reaction from her question.

But Yuki witnessed it.

A miniscule flinch, easily missed if it wasn't for her training and natural aptitude for spotting those things. Her sister tensed up after she asked her question as if she didn't expect what she said, and her entire body language closed off just for a single moment.

But it wasn't due to anxiety, distrust, or other similar reasons. Because the way that Yuki saw it…

It felt like her sister was embarrassed.

"Worried? A bit of a sudden question there, little sister." Haru quickly followed her question with those words, accompanying it with an enigmatic smile. "And it's also not the right question. After all, what you want to know is the reason why I'm doing this, right? 'I wonder what my elder sister is planning now'… That's what you should be asking."

The question was sidestepped, then she cut off any further thought about it by bringing up Yuki's usual worry whenever she interacts with her. In the past, it might have worked. And Yuki would be dancing in her palm like usual.

But now it only served as another piece of evidence. Evidence that she had misunderstood someone for a very long time due to their circumstances. Evidence that someone couldn't seem to just say what she felt to others straight, and had to resort to strange actions such as this.

She closed her eyes.

…It looks like her sister really was a drama character, after all.

Yuki found her lips turning upwards slightly, much to her sister's confusion.

"Thank you for worrying, nee-san." she told her directly, making the woman pause again. "But you don't need to worry. I've learned many things and I'm also surrounded by many reliable people. That said, I know my words aren't enough for you… so I'll go along with this and prove it myself."

Haru stared, silent.

"…Is that so." her sister stated in a completely neutral tone. "Good for you then."

There was a moment of thoughtful silence that followed.

Then, beside her, Serafall-san smiled as if she knew what just happened. "You're a good sister, Yuki-chan." the demon stated. She then followed it by standing up from her seat. "…Welp! That pretty much concludes our business here. Or, well, at least on my end. What about you, Haru-chan?"

Her sister nodded. "Same thing here. I suppose we'll just have to meet again next time." the woman also stood up from her seat. "Now, you guys said earlier that you're planning to buy some clothes for Basa-kun, right? We're pretty much done here now, so all four of you can finish your shopping together."

"Oh? Are you not going to join your sister's friends in hanging out?" Serafall-san asked.

"I wouldn't want to spoil their fun." her sister answered with a sad smile that convinced no one. "Plus, I still have some other things to do. What about you, Leviathan-san? Will you join them?"

"Nope! I have the rest of the day off, and I'm going to spend it having fun! Although…" the demon grinned. "If you're going to leave now, why don't we walk together? You're interesting."

Haru smiled. "I could say the same to you, Leviathan-san. You're an interesting person as well."

"Hehe, that's an understatement~☆!" Serafall-san said to her with a wink, before turning back to them. "Alright then, I'll see you guys later! And I'll probably hang around the school after, Rias! Try not to ruin the surprise for my sister, alright?"

Rias sent her a thumbs up. "Got it!"

And with that, the both of them went ahead and left the cafe. Yuki watched as the two women, one being her sister and the other being a powerful demon, walked in the streets of the crowded shopping district. And she witnessed them chatting together amicably until they were finally out of sight.

"…Welp. There you have it." Basa-kun commented after they were gone. Then, he glanced at her. "You've certainly grown, haven't you?"

Indeed. That was a very enlightening conversation.

She thought that the drama portion of her life had already been resolved, especially with the love triangle within her club already taken care of. But she should've realized that the genre's effects had pervaded every facet in her life, including her very own family.

How many things that should've been spoken out loud remained unsaid? How many misunderstandings piled up and resulted in where they were now? How many problems were left to fester simply because no one dared to face them?

She had grown in a way, since she finally recognized an obvious truth. And perhaps, with this, she could finally improve the state of her household.

…Although that might take a long time and considerable effort on her part, considering the mess she has to unravel. And she probably needs to get over her issues and look at things objectively as well. That's mainly the real reason why she didn't notice her sister's affection beneath her twisted personality, after all.

Yuki sighed. "Why do drama characters need to complicate things…?"

"You don't get to ask that, drama character." Basa-kun retorted flatly.

Rias glanced at the both of them, before turning to the blonde beside her. "Um, V, do you know what they're talking about? I think I completely missed Yuki-chan's last exchange with her sister. I don't really get it…"

"I lack the context so I can't offer a concrete explanation, but from what I spotted, Yuki's sister was embarrassed when Yuki asked if she was worried about her. And she tried deflecting." the blonde answered, before tilting her head. "Perhaps she's some sort of 'tsundere'? That is how they mostly operate, correct?"

Yuki blinked. "Tsundere…"

She tasted the word in her mouth. And with it, she recalled the feelings associated with the person she called a sibling. The manipulations, the feelings of inferiority, and the gradual widening of their distance… she remembered it all.

But accompanying it, she also remembered the other things. Her sister's occasional visits to her house whenever she finally lived alone, to the way she involved herself in her past drama with Kaeda-san and Makoto-kun despite being busy as a politician. And now, much more recently, the way she confronted Basa-kun now that she turned herself meta, involving herself in many strange and absurd things.

Truly, her actions completely contrasted the way she talked.

An involuntary giggle came out of Yuki. "Yes, a tsundere… That seems like an apt way to describe it, V."

Rias still looked confused. Still, she nodded her head. "Well, alright." Then she regained her vitality and pumped her fist. "But moving on from that - they said that we'll have an interschool event, right? Then that means I'll get to meet you during school! How cool is that?"

Basa-kun raised a brow. "We already meet each other even when there's school. How is that cool at all?"

"No! I meant that in an official school event! That's, like, a totally different vibe!" Rias argued, before crossing her arms. "I mean, imagine this - you're all going to meet another school, and everyone's pretty nervous, but then bam! We reveal that we know each other!" she nodded emphatically. "That would surely make you popular in the eyes of everyone!"

"What's with the grade-school level fantasy?" Basa-kun retorted. "Also that only works if you're popular in the first place. So that'll only work if you meet Yuki or something."

Rias blinked, before grinning evilly. "Oh? What if I approach you then—?" a hand chopped her head. "Owie!"

"Don't even think about it. That'll be way too troublesome."

"I suppose it would be. I imagine your reputation would become far worse to the point that hypnosis would be required to just have a small profile." And hypnosis wasn't something you'd want to use as a crutch, from an ethical and a psychological perspective. Then, Yuki frowned as a similar thought entered her mind. "…That said, was there really a need for this to happen, Basa-kun?"

The man turned to her, and Rias did the same but with a questioning look. "What do you mean, Yuki-chan?" she asked.

Yuki frowned. "This whole convincing thing could've been avoided by the use of hypnosis, couldn't it? And while I appreciate you not using it on my sister, it isn't the same for the demons." she pointed out. "This could've been easily avoided and dealt with in a much more controlled manner. That way, this… spontaneous event wouldn't have had to happen. It doesn't fit your methods."

Rias paused as she realized what she was talking about, and now her questioning look was directed to Basa-kun. It was at that moment that V, who had been listening quietly, spoke up.

"I understand what you mean. But from my limited experience with him, I think it usually means he was forced to do so by outside circumstances. And not following through could possibly lead to worse results. Is that accurate?" the girl asked the man.

The man was quiet for a moment, glancing at them.

Then, he scratched the back of his head.

"…Yeah, that's pretty much the case." he confessed. "I thought about doing what Yuki suggested earlier, but it looks like this damn world had something planned. So in the end, I had no choice but to let it be."

"Something planned…? What do you mean by that?" Yuki asked.

"Take a look."

His answer was accompanied with him bringing out his phone, before showing it to them. And there, they saw the alert that was displayed right on the screen. A familiar alert, or at least familiar to Rias and her, considering that they had seen it before.

A world-affecting scenario. Scenarios that could eventually turn the setting of the world into an apocalypse.

And what was written there was something that made her eyes widen.

Because right in front of her eyes…




- ALERT: WORLD-AFFECTING SCENARIO DETECTED - ​

Probability of affecting neighboring genres: 91.1% - Very Likely.​
STATUS: Active, Source: Sector 3A - Hakoniwa Academy
SETTINGS: Supernatural, Sci-Fi, School life, Delinquent, (-Pending-)
THREAT:
Reality Warper (Subject Name: Haruhi Ajimu) generating city-wide, destructive school war scenarios involving delinquent gangs, super-powered students, espers, aliens, time travelers, and demons.
More participants in the conflict are possible.



…Was a completely ridiculous scenario that sounded like madness.



The shill shall shill. A patreon, if you will. If you're interested in my stories, there's advanced ten chapters there so please check it out! (rhyme failed).

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtows
Last edited: Apr 13, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, leks, Semi-Immortal_Cat and 979 others
Skrubchap
Apr 11, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 26 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Apr 19, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,081
Woah, this is a long one. I hope you enjoy reading, everyone!


Chapter 26

Reality Warpers.

A very general term thrown around in fiction to describe something powerful.

It carries a certain ominous weight to it, and one that carries the implication of the character being able to twist the logic and the mechanics of what is considered common sense into whatever they will it to be.

It's a very busted power. Or at least, it sounds like it is. People who pit fictional characters between one another certainly throw out the term a lot, saying it like it's a proof of said character being invincible, totally unbeatable, and that their cock tastes good or whatever else they want to claim.

But the thing is - it's not that simple.

In anime world where literally different settings exist in contrived conjunction with one another, the term loses its meaning very easily. Because what does it really mean to warp reality? And what does this 'reality' consist of in the first place, considering there are wildly different interpretations of it?

Let's disregard the fact that characters that operate in different genres such as shounen are almost reality warpers to some extent, with them being able to ignore physics, logic and common sense for the sake of the story. No, our focus should be on what stories and plots have outright said to be 'Reality Warpers', who break established laws and therefore 'reality'.

To a mundane or a sci-fi setting, they are basically using magic. Something that couldn't be explained by their understanding of science or whatever wonder discovery in their setting.

To a supernatural setting, they are… Well, basically a type of magic again. But something more powerful, and also something couldn't be explained by their magic systems.

A Reality Warper, then, is someone who cannot be explained by the setting they are confined in. With the 'reality' they are warping being the setting itself.

Honestly, it's not right to call them reality warpers at all. Just jumped-up characters that the narrative chose to be the exception from the local systems in place. The term 'reality warper' doesn't really offer anything informative. Or at least, in the eyes of someone who exceeds said settings and can move freely between them.

But like every little thing in this world, there are implications about them.

They are exceptions to the rules of a setting. In a way, that makes them very special - which means they fulfill roles that are comparable to protagonists in terms of weight in the story. Perhaps as a final boss, a mentor that dies, or an untouchable being that serves as a plot device.

The story will bend itself around them to suit their needs. There wasn't any need to explain their power. It's literally explained by their title after all. However, there is always a single constant whenever they come up… and that is the fact that they are the undisputed top of the plot and setting that they inhabit.

In a mundane setting, they're nothing different to a normal magus or a spellcaster. But in a supernatural one? What does it mean to be at the top of a setting where a lot of destructive beings are present already? It might mean being able to erase entire countries in seconds, maybe even the world, or the universe.

And right now, we're dealing with one such being.

—Haruhi Ajimu.

A familiar name, one that reminded me of certain memories in the past. A reminder of past mistakes, during the time when I wasn't quite yet used or knowledgeable about this shitty world.

I've monitored her for a very long time and continued to do so even until now. I had thought that things had stabilized, but it seems like she had done something that would quite literally change the world, leading to the alert that I had received.

And one that seems to be related to the tasks and the 'interschool event' that Yuki's sister and the strongest female devil cooked up it seems, considering how contrived the world had set the whole thing up before I was forced to go along due to the alert's appearance.

So, in the end, how exactly could we deal with this? How can we possibly deal with a reality warper that is certainly classified as someone 'Overpowered'?

…The answer is surprisingly simple.

You just have to work harder and smarter, is all.





The school grounds were just like how I remember it.

Not that I was gone here for a long time. My little 'stopping a war and staging revolution' thing with V had been my focus for like several weeks or so, but in the eyes of everyone here including mine, I hadn't gone absent at all. You can thank the convenience of clones and parallel thought processes for that.

And so far, pretty much nothing happened on this end the whole time I was here in the school. Just the same old life as it is, you can say. Nothing out of the ordinary.

Or at least, ordinary in the relative sense of the word. I'm pretty sure in that span of time, there were at least five incidents of hearts being broken in the drama genre, ten fights in the gangster/martial arts genre, and a single match across all the different clubs in the sports genre.

In short, the usual stuff. Probably quite a short time on a narrative scale of things. A single chapter or episode, if viewed from an outside perspective. And not one with timeskips.

Still, there was a degree of normalcy to it all. If you were to consume a manga, light novel or anime this would be the point where you'd get slightly bored and think 'is something interesting going to pop up?', or something along those lines.

And most of the time, it does. Because in a world where an entertainment factor is required within a person's life, the possibility of this imaginary audience getting bored is the worst possible case there is.

—Which is where all of this comes in.

I stood upon the patch of grass bordering the concrete walkway, one that was overlooking the large field of land right in our school's campus. Despite it not being lunchtime yet, I was out and about the school grounds.

And it wasn't because I was skipping class like the delinquent people thought I am.

Instead, I was just using it as a time to observe the people gathering around the place. Or more specifically, the clubs who're going to be using it. I was at the sportsfield after all.

But why, one might ask, are people gathering in their clubs at this time of the day? Don't people usually do that at the end of classes, during the time that those that don't adhere to Japanese standards of a productive student go home?

Well, it has something to do with the event clearly. The clubs themselves look like they're in the middle of preparing something. And considering how they looked like they're in a rush, it seems that they're being chased by a deadline.

And of course, it's caused none other than the very thing discussed on a whim by the two powerful people not too long ago.

"—An interschool exchange event, huh…?"

A female schoolmate near me, someone from the track team based on her clothes, muttered that thoughtfully. The girl looked like she just finished a run, sweating slightly with a towel around her neck and a cold water bottle on her hand. And following right behind her was another girl who was probably in the same club.

"It's a bit sudden, isn't it?" the girl said to her friend. "You'd think they'd announce something like this much earlier. But no - they spring it on us as a surprise! And now everyone is rattled trying to get their preparations done on time." she shook her head. "…Seriously, telling it four days before isn't enough."

"I know right! Though I heard it's a real surprise for the student council as well." her friend replied. "Apparently the student council president and some of the faculty were complaining about it, considering it happened so suddenly. People are still going through with it for some reason though."

"Really?"

"Yeah, Iroha-chan told me all about it. I guess it must be important. Apparently, the school we're going to be meeting is a pretty big name… Kuoh, was it?" the friend muttered, looking unsure.

The girl blinked. "Kuoh? I think I know that. Wasn't that a pretty fancy school?" she asked, looking curious for a moment. And then she shrugged. "Ah, well, who knows what those running the school are thinking. Things are pretty interesting though, so I guess it's fine."

"Yeah, it's kinda like a sports festival, isn't it?"

Thank you, two girls whose names I do not know. Your dialogue was very convenient and informative.

Like they had said, the interschool event commenced in our school in what would be described in a very rushed manner. It was said to be an exchange event between Sobu and Kuoh, and the official purpose was to foster the relationship between the two schools.

It was, in essence, a networking stunt. Both schools were notable in their own ways. Sobu was known for being an elite school with strict educational standards, and Kuoh was a school for rich people. And being in the same city, there is a benefit for working together.

Well, the reason was due to a powerful demon's spontaneous decision though. Or 'spontaneous', with very obvious quotation marks, considering it's something done to bring entertainment back in the story as I said earlier. So the real reason, one might say, is the whims of the narrative controlling it all.

But I digress. I wasn't here to discuss such things.

Instead, I was here to stand around looking all cool and mysterious with my hands in my pockets. It was a classic yet complex pose that requires experience, one that if not done properly, you'd be looking like some guy just awkwardly standing around.

Fortunately for me, I was able to pull it off. And doing this pose was like a bright beacon announcing you to be disturbed by someone via plot. And considering the context of this entire event, with it revolving around me - someone related to Yuki's sister will definitely approach.

In short, I can settle this business by letting them approach me instead of me exerting effort to find them. Work smarter, not harder, as they all say.

Although, it appears that my side character quirk messed it up a bit.

"I'm feeling fired up about the exhibition matches though." the girl earlier, who was approaching my direction, said that while looking back at her friend. "I wonder what their track team is like? They're probably not as good as us—Ahh!"

Because she was looking at her friend, who was right behind her while she was walking - she didn't actually notice me, who was just standing there like a chill guy. And unfortunately, she was also holding a full water bottle.

One plus one equals two. And now, I was completely drenched.

The girl and her friend stiffened after seeing what they had just done. I wiped my face with my hand before glancing at them. The both of them paled, probably seeing me as this menacing delinquent figure considering my looks and how I towered over them.

"A-Ahh…" the girl who spilled water at me stuttered, shaking a bit with her eyes turning to swirls.

I raised a brow. "You gonna say something?"

That broke her out of her daze. Then, she immediately bowed. "I-I'm sorry!" she shouted, before taking her friend's hand and running away. "Please excuse ussss!"

And there she goes… Huh, she's surprisingly fast. As expected of someone from the track team.

Anyway, after the unfortunate activation of my side character quirk - it appears that the narrative also used it as an opportunity to segue to my business. From the edge of my vision, I noticed that someone was approaching my direction. I turned to look at them and saw that there is, indeed, a guy headed towards me.

It was someone familiar. A person from my own class, even. I didn't interact with him that much, but I recognized him as someone belonging to Yuki's plot. The textbook popular guy/riajuu in class, with his handsome looks and charismatic attitude. I believe he would be the foil to the main character who fancied himself as an outcast.

And his name was… Haya-kun. Right, that's what everyone calls him.


Spoiler

In any case, the riajuu approached me with a genial smile. "Hey, Basa-kun. Do you have a minute?" he asked, before pausing when he noticed my state. "You're… looking a bit drenched there. Did something happen?"

I shook my head. "Just a little accident. Don't worry about it." I answered, before taking out a handkerchief from my pocket and started wiping myself with it. Then, I glanced at him. "So, you wanted to talk to me?"

"Ah, right. Do you mind coming with me to the student council room for a moment?"

I hummed. "I don't mind. But I don't recall doing anything particularly wrong to cause that."

The riajuu chuckled. "Ahaha, no don't worry. You're not in trouble." he reassured. "But someone did request your presence there. Although I'm not too sure about the reason why."

Hm. I guess Haru told him to do it. Was he related to the two sisters somehow? He probably does. The drama genre does love complicating things - drama and misunderstandings thrive in the fog of uncertainty and complication, after all.

Nevertheless, I'm not particularly interested in pursuing details since all that it would probably give me is a headache. So I went ahead with a shrug, following the guy as he led me to the student council room.

For a moment there was silence between us, especially in these quiet halls. People were mostly busy preparing for the event, but this part of the building only had classrooms in it so there weren't any people around. I enjoyed the peace for a moment, just soaking everything in.

But then, the riajuu spoke.

"…Basa-kun. What exactly is your relationship with Yuki-san?"

I glanced at him. His expression was hidden because I was walking slightly behind, but I can imagine his determined and slightly frowning expression easily enough.

It was a very serious expression that I've never seen him make, in the little time that I knew of him. And very likely he probably never showed this kind of expression to his friends before either, considering how shallow their little friend group is.

"Hell of a question to suddenly ask." I answered blankly, turning my gaze to look in front of me. "You've got a reason for saying that?"

"It's obvious that there is something going on between the two of you. You're getting along with Yuki-san, correct? Others might not notice it, but I do." he stated. "…I've been friends with her and her sister since we were children, after all."

Hm. So they're childhood friends, then? Fascinating. Usually it's the main character who's childhood friends with the heroine… It's interesting that in this particular story, it's the foil who has that title.

Well, interesting as it is though, I doubt that even matters at this point.

"Yeah. We get along. You're gonna have to get everything from her though." I revealed. "But I doubt that she will. Because the both of you are just acquaintances now, correct?"

The riajuu stiffened and stopped walking. Looks like I'm right on the money.

Based on the context available to what I have now, I'm pretty sure that despite being her childhood friend, she and this guy had already drifted apart. To the point that Yuki doesn't pay him that much mind anymore, at least in comparison to the main character in her club.

I could see it - perhaps there was some sort of past conflict between Yuki and this guy, one that caused her to have deep-seated issues that the girl used to be so full of back when I first met her. It could be addressed in the course of the story, perhaps in some arc that would lead to beautiful character growth for Yuki.

But that was in the past. Because Yuki, right now…

The guy turned around to give me a rueful smile. "You're correct there, Basa-kun. Yuki-san and I… We're just strangers right now. Has she told you that?" I shook my head, and he let out a chuckle. "You're a surprisingly sharp person, then."

Surprisingly? Brother, I score higher than you in every exam.

Anyway, the riajuu sighed before continuing. "Still, even if that was the case, I can't help but worry for her. I feel responsible for her, you know?" he muttered bitterly. "…Especially since Makoto-kun seems to have chosen Kaede in the end. Yuki-san must have been hurt by that."

"She did get hurt." I replied.

He glanced at me. "Then—"

"—But so what? That's just a normal reaction to rejection."

The riajuu paused, and I looked him straight in the eye.

"I don't know the reason why you feel responsible for her, but don't. It's demeaning." I told him. "Yuki isn't some fragile flower to be carefully handled. She's someone who's completely aware of her choices and takes responsibility for them."

…There's something that needs to be addressed.

I don't know the reason why this guy suddenly decided to confront me like this. Perhaps he was worried about Yuki associating with me, someone who clearly looks like a delinquent. Or perhaps it's because he's jealous, because there's still an old flame lit up inside him from their past relationship with one another. Or perhaps it was a sense of responsibility like he said, due to their past incident.

Maybe even all of them. To the point that this guy doesn't even know what he's feeling himself.

But in the end, none of that mattered.

"That girl… she's strong." I declared.

The riajuu blinked at my words.

"I'll let you in on a secret - the reason why those two people in her club are together? It's because of her." I revealed to him. "She chose to address her club's issues, leading to that result. And as far as I know, she didn't regret it one bit."

I've seen it myself. I've seen her resolve, and I've witnessed the entire act because she was unsure on how to handle it herself. Nevertheless, even if my assistance was required, that doesn't change the fact that she decided to do it. And that meant—

"—That meant Yuki went ahead and did what the rest of you couldn't do. What you couldn't do. She chose to address the problem directly instead of letting it fester. She faced her fears, her issues, and accepted everything that came after." I explained. "And that makes Yuki strong. Stronger than you think. And stronger than you could ever hope to be."

"So if you still feel like you have to worry about her: don't. Because she already exceeded you at some point."

Yuki had turned meta. And with that, she was set free.

So it's meaningless to worry for her, especially when it was coming from someone locked in a cage like he was.

"Is… is that so?" hearing my words, the riajuu was stunned. "She was the one who forced Makoto-kun's decision?"

"Yeah, she did. So instead of worrying about her - worry about yourself instead. I'm guessing your issues are getting the best of you right now if you're confronting me like this." I shook my head. "I don't know what you felt responsible for in the past, nor do I care to know it. But it better not bother Yuki at some point. Go settle it for yourself."

I paused, remembering a particular scene between Yuki and her sister that happened not too long ago.

"Or maybe Yuki herself will directly confront you and address it, actually." I added with a shrug. "That seems like it'll happen soon enough. So you better be prepared when that eventually happens."

The guy went quiet at that, stewing in his thoughts.

"I see… Yuki-san, she's certainly gotten stronger, huh? It looks like a lot has changed when I wasn't looking." he eventually said. Then, he let out a smile and turned to me. "…And I guess I can see why you can get along with her, Basa-kun. If you can easily notice these things."

"Hm." It's just basic pattern recognition at this point. "So is the interrogation finished now?"

That made the riajuu chuckle. "I suppose it is, Basa-kun."

And with that, we continued walking to the student council room. The both of us went back to silence after that little talk, and despite being unable to see the riajuu's face from behind him, I can tell that he was deeply thinking about what I said to him.

What will happen to this riajuu? Who knows. But with Yuki introducing clear communication and getting rid of the love triangle, the drama plotline was pretty much over. Things will probably work out, especially with the heroine actively trying to fix her relationships with other people.

Anyway, at some point we managed to arrive at our destination.

The moment the riajuu stood in front of the door to the student council room, any traces of his expression from our entire exchange disappeared, being the social chameleon that he was. And when he finally opened the door, he did so with a smile.

"Hey, everyone! I'm back." he announced.

That immediately gained the attention of people inside. The people inside the room were different groups, except for one. The groups themselves were also people that I'm familiar with considering, like this riajuu over here, all of us were from the same class.

Let's go through everyone, shall we?

Exhibit A: The Riajuu Group.

"Haya-kun! Where did you go? We were waiting for a while, you know!"

"Haha… Hey, Miura."

Sitting on the sofa was a blonde pretty girl who represented the most popular girl in class. With an utterly dominating personality who imposes her views on every one - the character 'Queen Bee' describes her in every sense of the word. She was someone who I knew had stuck right next to the riajuu at every time of the day during school. I doubt that they're dating though.


Spoiler

"Yahallo, Haya-kun! …Oh? And isn't that…?"

And with her was a black-haired girl with short hair and glasses. Another popular girl, and while she was cute and hung around the most popular clique in class, this girl was also known because of her quirks. She also stuck out to me slightly because of the same reason as well.


Spoiler

"That's Basa-kun, right…? Why are you with him, Haya-kun?" her eyes widened and she gasped. "C-Could it be—! Were the two of you hanging around with one another!? The straight-laced class representative and the rough delinquent - an unexpected Haya X Basa Combo!?"

The riajuu let out a forced chuckle. "Ahaha… That's not really the case here, Ebina." he said. "But, yeah. I brought Basa-kun here."

"Why? Does he have any business here?" the queen bee asked, glancing at me with narrowed eyes. "That guy didn't cause any trouble out there for you, did he?"

Incredible. Her contempt is so undisguised and pure that there's some sort of beauty to it. As expected of someone called a queen bee - she truly lives up to her archetype.

"'He' actually does have business here, since 'he' got called here by someone." I shot back without even looking at her direction. "So if you got a problem, then bring it up to them."

Seriously, what a bitch.

The girl's brow twitched. "Hah!? The hell did you just call me!?"

Oops, did I say that out loud? Teehee.

The riajuu cleared his throat. "A-Ahem! Alright, Basa-kun, you don't have to say that." I'm pretty sure that I just verbalized something you thought from time to time, don't lie. "And Miura, Basa-kun is telling the truth. Someone from the faculty called for him about something…" he paused. "By the way, where's Tobe, Ooka and Yamato?"

"The three of them were called by their clubs. They can't join us today since they'll be preparing for the exhibition matches." Ebina answered helpfully.

I see. I was wondering where the rest of their group had gone. Looks like the three stooges weren't present today, leaving just these two girls with him here… Small mercies, I suppose.

But moving on; for the next group, we have Exhibit B.

This one was more familiar. A group made of three people who had recognized me upon my entrance in the student council room. For some unknown reason, they seem to be present in the place despite having no business in it. Then again, the same goes for the riajuu's clique here.

Who are they? Well, it was none other than the Service Club.

"Yahallo, Basa-kun! Haya-kun!"

Sitting down on a different sofa, I was met with a more cheerful and genuine greeting from a girl with orange/pinkish hair, one that was neatly tied into a side bun. This was a girl that exuded the energy of an extrovert, kinda like Rias except more normal.

It was Kaede. Yuki's closest friend, and the chosen heroine in the love triangle.


Spoiler

"...Hey."

And naturally, within the same club was her boyfriend. The main character of the previous drama plot looked just as disinterested in everything as ever, pulling off the cool-looking loner atmosphere down pat. Still, he greeted me with a genuinely respectful nod of his head, probably because I got into his good graces by solving their whole club drama last time I was there.


Spoiler

And then, of course… there's the last one in their group, primly seated on the sofa with a book in her hand. A girl that I already know quite well and someone who needs no introduction


Spoiler

"Good morning, Basa-kun. Fancy seeing you here of all places." Yuki greeted me with a smile, closing her book as she did so. "This is such an unexpected way for us to meet, isn't it?"

…What's with that phrasing?

Anyway, Yuki said that with an unnaturally (or at least, to those who don't know her well) cheerful manner. And along with her strange phrasing, all the drama students within the room clearly noted the underlying implication that I was close enough with her and that we've actually met several times before.

The two people in her club along with the riajuu already knew that however. But the rest of the riajuu's clique didn't. The blonde queen bee narrowed her eyes at me suspiciously, definitely thinking that I did something nefarious, while the glasses fujoshi just looked confused. Good on that last one. At least she doesn't judge based on looks alone.

But there's also the last person within the room. One who actually didn't belong in any of the groups as far as I know and looked completely confused as to what's happening. Which, I guess, makes them the Exhibit C here.


Spoiler

The last person was a cute girl with orange hair that had this mischievous air around her. She looked a bit younger than us, so that means she's probably a year below us or something. Still, I think I recall this girl… Ah, right. She was the recently elected student council president, wasn't she? Makes sense that she would be in this room.

I'm guessing that a younger year like her winning the election was something related to the events in Yuki's plot. That would be the only reason why all the people here were pretty familiar with each other.

In any case, the girl looked at me suspiciously. "Um, Haya-kun, who is this…?" the girl asked, inching towards the riajuu when he went further inside. "W-Why did you bring a delinquent to the student council room?"

Blunt, aren't you. I glanced at her.

"E-Eeek!" the girl suddenly let out a yelp for some reason, hiding behind the riajuu. "H-Haya-kun, protect me! This guy is kinda scary!" she cried out.

What's with this girl?

"Iroha-san…" the riajuu muttered, a sweatdrop appearing in his face.

The queen bee also had something to say. "Hey. What are you doing? Everybody could see through that cutesy act of yours." she spat, glaring at the girl. "Quit bothering Haya-kun, would you? It's disgusting."

"I-It's not an act! Who is this guy and why does everyone know him!? And what does he even mean by having business here? I don't think I've called anyone! Nor did anyone in the student council, for that matter!" the young president cried out in quick succession.

"He's a classmate of ours. And he's not really a delinquent. He just looks like one." the protagonist muttered, glancing at Yuki. "Alledgedly."

"He's as much a delinquent as you are a social outcast, Makoto-kun." Yuki replied calmly, going back to her book.

"…So he is a delinquent?"

"Look around you. You're invited to the student council room with the most popular clique in class and have your girlfriend sitting beside you. Can you still really call yourself a social outcast? Those who have the actual title might have you stoned to death if you did so."

"If anything, I'm the social outcast here." I said, approaching a free chair near Yuki's sofa and sitting down there comfortably. "I'm up for stoning you anytime."

"Stoning…? What is this, the bible?" the protagonist muttered.

What a based reference. Aside from Yuki who had to study it, you might be the only mundane japanese person who was familiar enough with the bible to say that, protagonist-san. You know, with their clear contempt for christianity, and all. Mad props to you.

"…Well, alright. I guess he's just here now." the young student council president muttered, having already left the riajuu's cover to go back to her previous position. Still, she was looking at me with a suspicious expression. "I suppose it should be fine, as long as he doesn't cause any trouble…"

"I doubt that Basa-kun would be doing that, Iroha-san." the riajuu said with a chuckle, before turning to me. "In fact, I was told by the person who asked him to come here that he would be assisting us. It should lighten up the load a bit."

That crafty woman did? Hm.

I glanced at Yuki.

"The Student Council isn't operating on ideal terms due to certain circumstances. And the hasty nature of this event caught everyone unprepared." Yuki explained. "You've seen how every club in school was in a rush preparing for the event, right? Now multiply the urgent tasks to a hundred, with the clubmates being missing. That's how unprepared this Student Council is."

I see. And the Service Club was called here to help. And the riajuu's clique for some reason as well… but considering his connection to Yuki's sister, who pretty much arranged this on a whim, I'm guessing it's not a surprise.

That said, someone seems to get upset at the summarization of events.

"I-It's the other members fault! Just because I'm a younger year than them doesn't mean they get to do this, you know!? I get that it's probably demeaning to have their president as a junior, and sure I make mistakes from time to time because of my inexperience - but it doesn't excuse them for dodging their responsibilities like this!"

The young student council president growled, clenching her fists.

"Grr, I swear, once this mess is over - I'm going to give them a stern talking to! Senpais or not, they really think that they can just walk over me and leave me with their mess!? If that's what they think, then they're gonna have another thing coming!"

"As cathartic as it sounds, it's not good for you to blame them, Iroha-san." Yuki interrupted. "If you want to remain as an effective organization, you should refrain from doing that. It doesn't set a good example as a leader. Instead, you can use this instead as a way to gain their respect and gracefully shame them to face their responsibilities - You've dealt with a hard task they've run away from essentially by yourself, after all."

"That sounds easy for you to say since you're skipping the most important step! How are we going to finish everything when we're so backlogged!?" she cried out, before pausing as if realizing something. "A-Actually, why are you acting so peacefully right now! Are you seriously just reading a book at this occassion!? It's your fault why I was elected in the first place, you know!?"

"Actually, it would be Makoto-kun's fault." Yuki replied. "It was during a little arc in our club where things were tense between us, after all."

"Arc? What is this, an anime?" the protagonist instantly retorted. "And don't blame me. I did what I could at that time… That said, I'm always up for helping since yeah, I guess I'm partially to blame."

Then, he frowned.

"And maybe we could've done something if we started when the event was announced, but…" he glanced at the young president. "You know that it's impossible to do this in just two days, right? You should've called us earlier."

"Uu… Me and my pride…" the young president muttered, looking utterly defeated now.

Seeing that though the riajuu, as always, served as the positive influence as he tried to keep things optimistic. "Now, now. I think finding who to blame serves no purpose right now. And we already did a significant amount of work on our own, so we should just forge on until everything is done, right?"

The protagonist's cheery girlfriend agreed. "Y-Yeah! We shouldn't give up, everyone! There's still a few hours before the event starts! We could finish this!" she said with a determined tone. "And with Miura, Ebina and Basa-kun here, we could get our work done much faster!"

"This isn't really what I had in mind when Haya-kun invited me here…" the blonde queen bee muttered.

"Oh, isn't it fine, Miura? We aren't going to be doing anything productive during the event anyway." the glasses fujoshi cheered her up. "I certainly think this is much better than just roaming around doing nothing!"

"I guess…"

The young president looked around, before letting out a sigh. "It's good that you guys are fired up, but there's no way we'll get even half of this done on time…" she muttered. "Ugh, I'm going to have to prepare an apology letter as well—"

"On the contrary, I believe that we already have this in the bag. A few hours is enough to deal with the backlog."

The people in the room turned to Yuki, who was still looking calm despite everything. It was an odd sight, and along with her assured words, they were clearly left confused.

It was her cheery friend who vocalized the question in their minds. "Yuki-chan? What do you mean by that?"

And in response to her, Yuki just turned to me.

"…What?" I asked.

"I believe that my sister gave you this as the task she required you to do." she stated, tilting her head to the side slightly. "You can deal with this easily, correct?"

The others in the room blinked at her mysterious words, before staring at me as well.

I met it all with a blank gaze.

…Right.


"—I sincerely apologize for my previous rude statements about you. I hope you can forgive me, so I beg of you, please join the Student Council, Basa-senpai."

"I refuse."

"Kugh! I fully expected it but it still hurts…! So this is what it means to be rejected… I'm sorry, previous boys that liked me. I fully relate to you now…!"

What's with this girl, seriously.

Anyway, timeskip to a few hours later, and the remaining backlog for the interschool exchange event was pretty much done. The mountains of documents and paperwork required for the event was now gone. And though there were a few stacks of paper still remaining, those were just minor things that could be easily dealt with and were actually being dealt with by yours truly as we speak.

And now, the student council president is bowing her head right in front of me and begging me to be part of the student council. A far cry to her earlier behavior when she first saw me, who she treated like she was staring at a disgusting sea slug.

Well, she wasn't the only one to change her opinion about me, so she wasn't exactly unique in that regard. In fact, almost everyone except Yuki was looking at me as if they reevaluated their opinions about me. Then again, having a dirt poor reputation like I do - even doing simple nice things can make you look like a saint.

People measure impact by contrast, after all.

"This is amazing, Basa-kun! We actually did so much… we're really going to finish all of it! That's incredible!"

"I admit. I didn't expect that you would be able to do this, Basa-kun. This is… I really have no words."

And so, the classic glazing session that happens after someone in an anime shows off occurred. The protagonist's cheerful girlfriend, true to her nature, made a fantastic hype man as she glazed my work. And so did the riajuu, who also had this expression of quiet awe and surprise.

"Wow, Basa-kun, could it be that… you're actually kinda cool?"

"So you really weren't just some rough delinquent…"

Then, there's also the riajuu's clique. The glasses fujoshi had this expression of pleasant surprise on her face. And as for the queen bee, she looked reluctant, but she seemingly can't deny the fact that I was actually competent.

"…Huh."

Then there's the protagonist, who just looked at me like I was some sort of strange creature. A lot of thoughts were probably in his head right now, wondering how I could even do things like this. An understandable reaction - I pretty much exceeded the normal competence level of people in his setting, after all.

And, finally, as for Yuki…

"Fufu."

I stared.

For some reason, the heroine had a satisfied expression on her face as she looked around, like she felt proud of what she was seeing. What was she doing? Why are you getting proud on my behalf? You're not the one being glazed here.

Well, whatever. In any case, while I might be experiencing the high schooler's wet dream of showing off to people by being competent and instantly gaining their approval - there's still things to do. So the glazing would have to stop for now.

"—Yeah, yeah." I muttered after they said their nonsense. I didn't even spare the others a look aside from my brief glance to Yuki, busy as I was quickly filling up the remaining forms. "Just finish the remaining documents. Kuoh's going to arrive soon, so you better hurry."

"Aye aye, sir!" the young president saluted, before working on the bunch of papers that she took from me. "You heard the boss, everyone! So let's get to it!"

No, you're the student council president here. Why the hell are you calling me boss?

Still, despite my reminder to keep working, being brain dead high schoolers meant that it didn't stop them from yapping their mouths off to talk about some topic while in the middle of an important task. And unfortunately, the subject of that topic would be me.

"You know, I really didn't expect this, Basa-kun. I thought that Yanai-san was joking earlier when she said you can deal with this." the glasses fujoshi stated as she worked on her own paper, like everyone else. "To think that there was a hidden side to our class delinquent… These kinds of cliché developments only appear in anime and manga, doesn't it?"

"Oh! I totally get it! It's kinda like those delinquent male leads in shoujo romances, right?" the cheerful girl agreed. "It fits since Basa-kun is, like, misunderstood by a lot of people. He even helped our club last time, you know?"

"Ah, I was wondering how you guys knew him! So he did that, huh…"

The blonde queen bee, meanwhile, clicked her tongue.

"Tch. I'm actually kind of pissed." she grumbled, glaring at me. "Haya-kun and I worked hard dealing with paperwork and stuff due to class representative work, but now you're telling me that this guy can actually deal with it easily? Why the hell didn't you help us before, huh?"

"Miura… that responsibility is something we voluntarily took. I don't think it's Basa-kun's business." the riajuu said with a sweatdrop, before turning to me with a curious expression. "…Though, I do wonder how you know how to do all this. Do you have experience regarding this type of work, Basa-kun?"

"Ooh? Does our class delinquent have a mysterious past? That's also interesting!"

The glasses fujoshi said that with an excited tone, but it was clear that everybody else was curious as well. What is with these guys? Mind your own business.

Still, I'm well aware of the riajuu's tricks right now. He's clearly trying to fish for information and he's using an 'affable' peer pressure, in the guise of curious friend talk, to do it. He's been very curious about me for a while now, after all.

As expected, drama characters are really a pain to interact with.

"Yeah, I have experience." I told him vaguely.

"From what, senpai?" the young president followed up, completely aware of the riajuu's goal since she wants to do the same. "What sort of part time job was it? Are you a clerk or something?"

You really want to know, huh? Fine.

"No, it's because I actually know the ins and outs of many bureaucratic and procedural systems, taking advantage of it and even creating my own for my purposes." I told her straight. "Oh, and I've got multiple clones whose identities revolve around those things in the politics genre."

"...Eh? Clones? What?"

As the young president and the rest all looked at me in confusion from my nonsensical answer, the heroine quickly cleared her throat loudly, which made their attention turn to her.

"Ignore him, he's just saying random things." Yuki stated as an excuse. "Basa-kun just does that sometimes to mess with people."

Then, she let out a smile. It was, undoubtedly, a type of smile that I've rarely seen from her - mostly because it held a promise of mischief. I glanced at her curiously, wondering what was up with her and what she was planning to do.

And then she spoke once more.

"Actually, the real reason why he has experience would be because Basa-kun has formed a company of his own." she stated, before tilting her head to the side. "From what I remember… it was a consultant agency, I believe?"

The others looked at her in surprise.

I stared blankly.

—What.

"C-Company…?" the young president repeated, before turning to me with a wide-eyed expression. "Wait a minute, senpai - so you made your own company? Like, a real business?" she cried out. "No way. Are you for real? That's not a joke, is it?"

"It's not. I've seen it for myself." Yuki explained, answering the president's question. "He has his own office where he does his work and everything. It's all very professional."

"So there's a deeper part to his hidden side!? That's just way too shocking, isn't it!?" the glasses fujoshi shouted.

"W-Wait a minute, so he has a consultant agency? How does that work?" the queen bee asked as well, looking really curious unlike her earlier disinterest of me. "What exactly does he consult? Does he solve problems for people or something?"

Yuki nodded. "In a way, yes. Many people, from small to big clients, come to him for their problems to be solved."

"What the heck? That's so cool!" the cheerful girl cried out, her eyes sparkling.

The protagonist looked at me weirdly again. "…What are you, some sort of main character in an anime?"

Like you're the one to talk.

"Your own company… That's incredible. No wonder you have the experience and don't have the time for class representative duties." the riajuu breathed out. "Did your parents own it before and give it to you, Basa-kun?"

"No, I believe he made the company on his own. It wasn't handed down to him or anything. Just effort on his part." Yuki answered.

The riajuu's eyes widened some more, looking really speechless. "T-That's… really?" he stared at me, pure undisguised awe visible in his eyes. "You're something else, Basa-kun."

No, it's not. Don't you know how commonplace the 'Odd Jobs' shop business model is? There's way too many of them that you have to wonder how they survive against competition in the first place.

Anyway, all this talk and the impressed gazes aimed my way is making my brow twitch. Unable to stand such a sight, I looked away and continued to focus on the remaining paperwork, trying to ignore… whatever this nonsense was.

And for some reason, my actions made Yuki's smile widen. She tried to hide it with the piece of document in her hand, but I can definitely see it from the edge of my vision.

—Okay, seriously. What was she even doing?

What the heroine had said wasn't exactly a lie - but it's not entirely truthful either. The thing is, I have been operating under the name of many different companies to achieve my own ends and an investigative agency is one of the more convenient ones. And sure, I wasn't really making my connection to them a secret, using my identity freely instead of assuming another one - but I don't freely announce it to others either.

Mostly because putting attention to myself like that would easily remove my status as a side character. As I mentioned, doing so might make me involved with the plot, so I try to be as forgettable as possible in order to not deal with whatever problems the main cast might face.

And yet here's the heroine, throwing all my efforts away… Seriously, what's her deal?

I didn't have much time to wonder about it however, because somehow, the heroine managed to read my mind despite my various mental defenses and answered the question herself within my head.

You look remarkably embarrassed, Basa-kun. Have you been so used to your skills being hidden that getting praised like this affects you so much?

Her telepathic statement made my brow twitch again. Embarrassed? Who is she calling embarrassed? Nobody's getting embarrassed here, only the humiliation of my carefully crafted identity turning into shambles.

I mean, don't you know that I'm a stoic? My entire personality, lifestyle and dialogue is about being stoic. I religiously read books, watch videos and even shit stoicness. That's how unembarrassed I am.

Fufu. Yes, of course.

What's with that tone? It definitely sounds like she's just humoring me or something. Anyway, after saying that, the girl continued speaking in my mind.

In any case, I thought it would be nice for our classmates to know about you, Basa-kun. People don't really appreciate you for who you are, after all. And while you might be fine with it, I still think it's not quite fair for you to not get at least a bit of praise… Which is why I'm telling them all this.

I paused at her words, along with the sincerity that came with it.

…And is that really worth the risk of removing my status as a side character?

It shouldn't matter, doesn't it? After all, my plot has already changed from it once was with me turning meta. You're already established to be heavily involved with me, who used to be the heroine, along with showing off your skills to pass my sister's task. And we're not quite sure where this story is headed towards now and what genre it would be, so what's the point of worrying about that?

…

Hm. Fine, whatever. Do what you want.

I suppose the heroine's words were true. Just like Rias' plot, I have no idea where it was heading due to the fact that a meta character is heavily involved in it. But unlike Rias where the genre remained as action - the fact that the love triangle was already solved meant that the genre of Yuki's plot would be something else entirely.

Perhaps a slice-of-life story between the gloomy protagonist and his cheery, gyaru-like girlfriend? That seems like the most likely candidate.

Anyway, with Yuki's glazing plan having succeeded, these colorful cast of characters would definitely treat me differently from now on - maybe even approach me for their own benefit at times. Especially when Yuki mentioned the consultation agency part. And maybe even my paperwork skills after showing it off.

All in all, definitely more troublesome things to come.

—Or at least, that's what I thought. Because it appears that something troublesome already arrived the moment my little telepathic talk with Yuki finished. Although, in a manner that could be called fortunate or misfortunate, it was a different sort of trouble than what I had been thinking off.

Bang! "Yahallo! Everyone, are you done with the preparations?"


Spoiler

The door opened with a bang, shocking everyone, and what followed was a lively and familiar voice. Mostly because she's one-half the reason why we're dealing with this work in the first place.

Haru Yanai has entered the room… and judging by the familiar people (or at least, one of them) who were following right behind her, it appears that Kuoh had also arrived as well.


Spoiler

"Excuse us for the intrusion." Sona stated, entering with her own student council with her.

The sight of it was clearly a surprise to everyone else in the room.

"W-Wait a minute! Yanai-san!? And Kuoh too!? They're here now!?" the young president shouted, standing from her seat and looking at the group in shock and panic. "I thought that they'd arrive a little later! It's not even time for the school event to start yet!"

Yuki's sister tilted her head as she glanced at her. "Of course we'd arrive a little earlier. It's not like the representatives of the student body would arrive during the event itself, no? That's just bad manners. That said, the students themselves will arrive during the assigned time. "

Then, she looked around the room with an analytical eye, before finally settling her gaze on me with a smile.

"But based on your reaction… are the preparations not done yet, hm~?" she asked with a teasing tone. "That's a shame. I was expecting this to be easily dealt with, especially since I've made Haya-kun called the ever-so-dependable Basa-kun on the case…"

"Hard to do it when you literally dump a mountain of paperwork at the last minute." I said calmly while I continued writing on the papers.

Honestly, I really could deal with this much faster, doing so would require me using more supernatural powers and skills to speed up the process. But doing that in front of all these drama characters would be hard since it would force them to literally do something else due to the genre divide - which is why it would be better for me to actually just lean into my experience and work on it the normal way.

That said, it's not like I'd fail this little 'test' by doing it this way either. Because after a moment or so, I put the pen down on the table and leaned back on my seat, before gesturing on the papers.

"There. Feel free to take a look." I told her.

Haru blinked, before picking up one of the papers there.

"Things like liability waivers, consent forms, and MOUs - all the significant documents are pretty much done and dealt with." I explained to her as she read the document. "The ones left and are being worked on are the minor ones. They can be finished even when the event itself is in progress. That should be good enough for you, right?"

In any case, for a moment, there was a silence on her part as Haru observed our work. The student council president, along with the Service Club (except Yuki) and the riajuu plus his clique, all looked at both me and the woman with nervous looks.

…Then, after a while, Haru spoke.

"Hoh…? Looks like you really managed to do it." the woman said, looking slightly impressed. Then she smiled. "Alright, this is all fine then! You've successfully done one of my required tasks!"

I raised my brow. "'One of'? You asked for a single task, didn't you?"

"Please, do you really think that would be enough? That's just trivial. Anyone could do it in their sleep." Haru said with a grin, before putting the paper back down. "I'm satisfied. Just dump the remaining ones to the student council and let them do the rest of the work."

Trivial? This shit is worse than the workload of an unpaid intern. And why the hell are you including documents like the MOUs for the student council to deal with? That's the faculty's job, and all of it made the student council president almost cry from the sheer stress.

And that same president also looked pretty confused as to what was happening. "T-Task? What are you talking about, Yanai-san?" her eyes watered a bit. "A-Also please don't take Basa-senpai away! Everyone here can't function without him!"

"You just want him to deal with the rest of the remaining work…" the protagonist grumbled.

That guy is completely correct. And clearly, nobody here cared for that young president's crocodile tears, much less Haru who let out a laugh. "Too late, Iroha-chan! I've got a reservation for this guy. I'm the one who called him here." she said with a smile, before turning to the Kuoh student council. "…But for now, how about you converse with your colleagues for today? You'll be cooperating for the event after all."

And with her statement, everyone's attention turned to the tagalongs to Haru. And of course, being in the forefront and representing all of them - they turned to look at Sona.

Perhaps the first thing that they would notice looking at her was just how beautiful she is. Due to the fact that she was a demon, just like her sister Serafall, she has this air around her that surpasses the beauty of a normal human. In fact, the glasses fujoshi, who looked superficially similar and was also similarly popular with boys, couldn't really compare to her. That was just how beautiful she was.

"B-Basa-kun…?"


Spoiler

Then the second thing that they'd notice was the way the girl was staring at me with incredibly wide eyes. And with what she said, she pretty much gave away the fact that we knew each other. And that she looked intimidated by me for some reason, based on her look.

It was gone the next moment however, as that wide-eyed look swiftly turned into a glare. It was a complex glare, one that a person would make when they're scared but determined enough not to back down. The girl was also shaking slightly, but she quickly got rid of it by clenching her fists before approaching me with a resolved gaze.

"Basa-kun. It's good to see you." she greeted. "I didn't expect to see you here or even leading this entire event for your school but… There's something that I want to say."

Then, the girl took a deep breath and met my eyes directly.

"You might be able to beat me in many things, but Kuoh will not lose!" she shouted, no, declared. "We've prepared as much as we could during the four days that we've been given - and we're ready to show you just how superior our school is compared to yours! From sports to academics and everything in between, we'll crush you in every field!"

Everyone stared at her, mostly because the rest of the drama characters here were unable to react to such a hot-blooded shounen declaration from Sona. And for a short moment, there was only silence.

…Ma'am. This is an interschool exchange festival. Not a tournament.

"Ahem!"

As I thought that, one of the girls behind her coughed. It was a voluptuous-looking girl wearing glasses like Sona here, and judging by the energy I feel around her… A magus? Interesting. In any case, she spoke up.

"Please excuse our president here. She got excited regarding the event after a little slump. Now she feels very competitive since the reputation of the school she manages is on the line." she explained. "That said, her declaration isn't any less true. We will surpass you, your student council, and school itself in every way that matters."

…A slump? Ah, right. Her sister did mention doing the whole event thing just for her to get over it. Good for her.

"That's good and all, but you really shouldn't say that to me." I blankly replied.

The demon glasses girl blinked. "What? Why?"

"It's because I'm not the student council president." I said, before pointing my thumb to the side. "She is."

The clueless junior of ours, who was unfortunate enough to be our student council president, blinked when all of the attention turned to her after I pointed at the girl.

"A-Ah…?" the girl stuttered for a moment, before nodding her head politely at them. "H-Hello, I'm Iroha Isshiki, Sobu High School's student council president. It's… nice to meet you…"

Sona stared at her. Then I watched as, in a single fascinating moment, the girl's face turned red as the embarrassment of her mistake caught up with her. She managed to own it up though, keeping her reaction to the mistake as a single cough.

"A-Ahem! Sorry about that. I was… mistaken." she stated, trying to look anywhere besides my direction. "I am Sona Vignette, student council president of Kuoh Academy. It's nice to meet you as well."

A short silence followed after. One that was filled with questions: things like 'what the hell just happened?', or 'how do they know each other?', or maybe 'why does she look so beautiful?', et cetera, et cetera…

Really. This is way too awkward. Get me out of here.

—Clap! "Wow! That amount of energy is just what I want to hear."

Then suddenly, Haru clapped her hands once, interrupting the silence and making the majority of the people in the room stiffen in surprise. Everyone turned to her, and in response the woman just let out one of her iconic enigmatic smiles.

"So, now that you're introduced to one another, why don't you go and prepare when the students finally arrive? For now, I'll go and take Basa-kun with me. And my dear sister, of course!" she said, before heading to the door and waving at both Yuki and I. "Come on, you two."

The both of us shared a glance. Then, Yuki took her book and put it in her bag, before leaving it on the sofa where she sat. The girl then stood up before heading to follow her sister, and I did the same. Yuki did turn around to address her clubmates before she left the room though.

"I'll see you guys later, Kaede, Makoto-kun." Yuki told them.

Understandably they looked confused as to what was happening, but regardless of what they felt - the both of them still nodded their heads, recognizing that Yuki must have some sort of important business to deal with.

"R-Right. See you later, Yuki-chan!" the cheerful girl replied, letting out a smile. "Just give us a text once everything is done!"

Yuki smiled as well. "I will."

And with that we went out of the student council room, following behind Yuki's sister. As we got out the door and walked in the school's halls, Haru turned to Yuki with a curious look.

"You didn't tell them what was going on? Strange, I thought you guys were close?" she asked.

Yuki nodded. "We are. But the circumstances are a bit different now so I can't explain it to them." she glanced at the woman. "Just like how I couldn't explain everything to you, nee-san. Undoubtedly to your frustration."

That made Haru hum in thought. "Hmm. Frustration, huh…?" she repeated. "Well, I suppose that's the right word for it. The fact that you've involved yourself in something that I can't understand is certainly frustrating."

Then she grinned.

"That might change soon enough though."

After saying those words, the woman seemed to decide that it was the best time to end our conversation. Ending it there certainly added some weight to her final words, which the woman definitely recognized and did on purpose.

It was clear that this crafty woman had something planned. I wasn't particularly interested to see what it's about though - instead, I was busy thinking about other things in store for us. And as I heard the voice of the heroine in my head as we walked to the destination once more, it appeared that she was thinking of the same thing.

There doesn't seem to be that much progress, Basa-kun. The girl stated, having brought out her phone earlier and now fiddling with it. Rias just messaged me that they're already near the school. It'll probably take a few minutes before they arrive, but there are no signs of anything unusual when she searched with her familiars.

I glanced at her for a moment, before looking forward again. Is that so? And the others?

V and Aoki-san are currently investigating the espers, aliens and time travelers route. The last I heard from them, they were going to try and gain information from one of Aoki-san's idols since they're apparently an alien.

Hm. Now that I remember, we did encounter something like that when we went to Aoki-san's idol agency. I doubt those two idols had something to do with a city-wide destructive school war like the alert detailed, but it's still better than nothing.

I see. Looks like we'll have to wait for those two tasks to have a better idea, then. I stated.

Yuki's brows furrowed. …Is this really the best way to do this?

What do you mean?

I know you said it's the best way, but why do we have to act so… indirect? Yuki asked, sending me a questioning look. Trying to find all the affected genres and settings before the world-affecting scenario happens, effectively stopping the chaos from spreading once it occurs… Sure, it's a solution - but it's much better to address the source, isn't it? Much like during our time in the idol agency.

Hearing the heroine's question, I didn't answer her for a moment.

It was a valid thing to ask. And Yuki was right with her assessment. That was pretty much the plan on how to deal with this situation.

And it was completely different from the one we did last time, with us directly dealing with the horror monsters that spawned into existence due to the death of Terumi Fuuka. It's akin to isolating an infection and dealing with all the affected parts, as opposed to dealing with the source of infection itself.

In short, it was an inefficient way of dealing with things. You're just literally making yourself work harder. Or at least, that's how it looks.

But, the thing is…

How do you beat the unbeatable?

Yuki blinked. Pardon?

I answered her question fully. …I'm sure you've seen it, but a reality warper is the source of everything in this world-affecting scenario. It's leagues different from the horror monster we fought last time. I replied. I'm doing this for safety's sake. Recklessly entering their setting could prove destructive, so we'll have to deal with the surroundings first and leave the source itself the last.

Yuki digested that for a short moment. Then, she nodded.

…I understand. So right now, the enemy is someone to be very wary of. She concluded. Haruhi Ajimu, was it…? The files mentioned that she was someone you directly caused to become a reality warper, correct?

I couldn't suppress my lips twitching downwards at that.

…Yeah. I did. I thought bitterly. I messed up with her. Big time.

And I suppose that's just asking for the world to utilize it in its plotlines. With V already becoming the fourth and likely the last heroine, the conclusion of her arc meant the narrative could progress to other things. And what could be more hook worthy than a past mistake returning?

What's more, now it just had to tack on this stupid event and the tasks from those two women. Multitasking much, you shitty narrative? This better not be a set up for something else.

Sensing my bad mood however, the heroine spoke up. I think you couldn't be blamed for that. It's natural for you to make mistakes, especially at the beginning. You're completely alone and working blind at that point, after all.

Then, she let out a soft smile.

In fact, it's admirable that you care so much despite being in a position to ignore it. As someone who's essentially the most free person in the world - that you chose to keep yourself responsible for your mistakes is worthy of praise, isn't it?

I frowned at that.

…Not really. Anyone can do it.

The girl's smile widened. Is that so? Very well then.

I have a feeling she doesn't quite believe me.

I exhaled. In any case, those tasks would definitely have something to do with the world-affecting event that would happen. They might even be a direct line to it, and adjacent settings would likely be affected as well. I explained. It's essentially a big hint given to us, so we're lucky in that regard. If we didn't, we'd probably be feeling around in the dark to know which settings would be affected.

Yuki's brows furrowed again. I can't imagine my sister giving you a task which would somehow lead to that. Perhaps Serafall-san would, but nee-san should be affected by the genre divide. What sort of task would it even be?

You're forgetting that it's not all supernatural, Yuki. There's one setting mentioned in the alert that would count as 'mundane', isn't there?

The girl was quiet for a moment, then she blinked. You're thinking of the delinquent gangs? Are you saying that my sister would dabble in that sort of setting?

It's just a guess. I stated. Honestly, with the way things are, it probably involves protecting this event in school from gangs or something. Remember, this event, the tasks, and the world-affecting scenario - it's all connected. Or at least, that's what my instinct is telling me.

…I can't even begin to wonder how that would even come to fruition. What, would my sister be threatened by delinquent gangs? My sister, who's a politician with significant influence? Her?

Who knows, really. This world is governed by a narrative force. Anything could happen.

Or more accurately: it could do whatever the fuck it wants, so long as it doesn't stop the suspension of disbelief from the unseen audience it tries to satisfy.

In any case, it seems that my time to talk with Yuki was over. Mostly because the woman in front of us stopped at a certain room in the school hall, making us stop with her as well.

It seems that we've finally arrived at our destination. The woman turned around and gave us a smile.

"Alright, let's go inside!" Haru said.

And with that, she brought us to a meeting room in the school. It was usually reserved for the faculty, but it seems like it was reserved for our use now. But then again, I suppose this also counts as an important meeting, since one of the greatest authorities between the two schools in this event was with us.

But it seems like the other great authority was already waiting in the meeting room, as evidenced by us receiving a greeting the moment we opened the door to the place.

"Oh, you're back!" Serafall said cheerily, chilling inside the room. "Yahallo Basa-kun, Yuki-chan!"

Yahallo? What, is she using that greeting now as well? Is it spreading?

I looked around for a moment. It's just her in here, looks like. Me, Yuki and her sister all sat down on the meeting table, with me and Yuki directly opposite Haru and Serafall.

"We're not gonna wait for Rias?" I asked.

"She's going to arrive with the rest of the student body. And I already told her what she's going to do." Serafall replied, before tilting her head slightly. "That said - it's going to be different from what you're doing, you know? Remember: you're doing all this to prove your allegiance to us."

"…And that task is? Seriously, just tell me straight. This could've been an email."

Serafall grinned. "And ruin the surprise? Tsk tsk tsk. Young people these days are so impatient…" Everyone here is young compared to you, you centuries-old demon. "And just for that, I'll be saying my task last! Why don't you go first with what you want Basa-kun to do, Haru-chan?"

What a pain in the ass. I turned to Yuki's sister, who also let out a smile.

Haru let out a smile. "Sure, why not?" the woman said, before adjusting her posture to look at us. "Alright… in the interest of saving everyone's time, I'll be brief. I'm also quite impatient as part of said 'young people', you see."

Serafall pouted. "Ne, Haru-chan. Is that a diss? Are you dissing me? I'm not old!" That was a lie.

"—In any case," Haru continued without a hitch. "I think I have a perfect task for you to deal with Basa-kun. But first, I've been told that you apparently run an investigative agency? And a lot of other companies too, apparently. That's very impressive for someone who still isn't out of high school, isn't it?"

She wasn't present when Yuki mentioned it earlier, but I suppose she would know considering how much she likely researched about me.

"Yeah, so?"

"Well consider this a commission then. As for the task itself… Well, I suppose it's better to show you."

Saying that, the woman then went on to retrieve an envelope on her shoulder bag, before dropping it on the table and gesturing for me to pick it up. I shared a short glance with Yuki, before taking the thing and checking what's inside.

And what was revealed to us were… letters.

It wasn't formal letters that one might send through mail; most of them were poorly made and almost looked childish. Kanji made from bold and thick ink brush strokes greeted us, along with different emblem stamps of some sort - one that read 'Declaration of War' in all its shameless glory.

And looking like I am, I was completely familiar with what these letters were.

"—Here you go, Basa-kun! I want you to deal with a little delinquent problem in our school!" Haru said cheerily. "Apparently we're going to be targeted by gangs! Isn't that scary?"

Meanwhile, Serafall blinked beside her.

"Oh my, what a coincidence." she said in surprise. "I'm actually dealing with a delinquent problem as well. Who would've thought?"

Yuki and I stared at them.

"…Delinquent gangs attacking the school while we're in the middle of an event." Yuki muttered. "It seems that things have progressed the way you've said, Basa-kun."

Yeah. Definitely looks like it.

I let out a sigh.

…How entirely fucking predictable.


They call me Duke Shillington of Shillville. Why? Because I have a filthy patreon, of course. If you're interested in 10 advanced chapters in all of my active stories, then please check it out!

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtows
Last edited: Apr 21, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Lucky_plucky_ducky, leks and 946 others
Skrubchap
Apr 19, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 27 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Apr 26, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,123
The new anime involved in this chapter is: To Love Ru, Kenichi, Baki, and Beelzebub.


Chapter 27

A bright sunshine instead of a dreary sky.

A bustling city instead of a quiet and desolated land.

And people smiling and living life, instead of suffering under the horrors of war.

Her eyes beheld the sight of a city, teeming with life and so many different things. Things that she had never seen or known before, due to the nature of her upbringing and the state of the land she had hailed from. A place that is deemed as 'normal', yet seemingly so alien for someone like her.

—A truly peaceful place, this country called Japan.

Putting a hand on the glass window with her feeling right hand, V had thought that statement not for the first time, as she watched the city while on the higher floors of a large building they had found themselves in.

It was a very grand sight, mostly because she had never been inside a tall building like this before to see such a wide view of the landscape, and she took the opportunity to enjoy it and take it all in.

"…V-chan? Is everything alright?" a voice suddenly asked her.


Spoiler

"There is no problem." V answered. "I was simply enjoying the view, Aoki."

"The view…? Oh, I suppose you're right." the blue-haired woman then moved on to stand beside her. "The view of the city here is beautiful, isn't it? There's nothing much blocking the way… I've never really appreciated it before though."

V nodded her head. Indeed, it was quite beautiful.

Just like everything in this place, really. Ever since she had arrived here after deciding that she wanted to live with Basa - she had experienced quite a lot of what a 'normal' life has to offer. For her and likely many of the people back in Westalis, living a life here was similar to living in paradise.

Food, water and shelter being so easily available. Streets so safe that children are allowed to roam freely, and for anyone to go out late at night without fear of being killed. So many opportunities and conveniences available for all, comparable or even exceeding those of the rich elites.

She was truly lucky to be here and experience it all… And perhaps, one day the country she lived in will turn out to be this way. She was effectively controlling the government now, after all.

As thought about that, a glance to the side made her realize that Aoki was staring at her with a motherly smile on her face. She tilted her head.

"Yes?" she asked.

"I'm glad that you're able to enjoy yourself, V-chan." Aoki replied. "I was worried that you'd be really bored here. This place is nothing compared to where you went last time with the others after all."

She looked at her in confusion. "…I fail to see why you should be worried. We're here because of our task to investigate the alien setting, correct? My feelings should have nothing to do with it."

"Hm, I don't think so. This is our first time hanging out together, isn't it? So I was thinking that it should be special. I wasn't able to join you guys last time, after all."

Aoki said those words. Then, her smile turned a bit sad and she continued.

"…But I suppose that was for the best. I think you guys wouldn't enjoy it as much if I joined. An old woman like me would make it look like I'm acting as a chaperone, after all."

V blinked, and she turned to face her.

"I do not think so." she stated. "The others mentioned that it was a shame that you weren't there. And I certainly felt your absence during it."

Her 'date' with the others was definitely… something. It was hard to describe since feeling things like this was new for her, but the best she could describe was the feeling that— that it was exciting, satisfying, and definitely something to treasure.

She had spent time with people who she liked after all. People who she had only met personally recently, but interacted with her for quite a while through letters, gifts, or home cooked meals. People who she's the closest to after many, many years of being alone.

So V definitely felt that it was a shame that Aoki wasn't able to join them last time.

And what's more… "You are not old, Aoki. Aren't you only a few years above my age?" V pointed out, before tilting her head. "In fact, I believe that due to the training you've undergone and its rejuvenation side effects, we should be similar ages now."

That made Aoki pause. "I…" she looked unsure. "I don't think that's what matters, V-chan."

"Then what does?" V asked curiously. "We want you with us. Is there something stopping you from doing so?"

Hearing her question, the blue-haired woman opened her mouth to say something in reply, but it seems that none came out. Then, Aoki exhaled and let out a chuckle.

"Sorry, V-chan. I guess I was just being silly." Aoki stated. "...And I'm sorry for being unable to join all of you as well. I didn't realize you felt that way."

"It's alright." V replied easily.

Then, she turned to her and gave her a smile.


Spoiler

"After all - we could do it again next time, couldn't we?"

Aoki blinked.

"Oh my, you look so dashing while saying that." the woman stated, before letting out a grin. "Are you asking me out for a date, V-chan~?"

Her tone indicated that she was teasing, but V nodded. "I am." she stated seriously. "The last time with the others was enjoyable, so I hope that I can enjoy it with you as well. And because you look very beautiful, of course."

That made Aoki's grin turn into a more sincere smile.

"Fufu, I see. We can do that after this, then." she answered, before putting a hand on her cheek. "Although, that last part might have had more effect if you were dressed a little bit differently. As expected, those clothes don't really fit the mood at all…"

V looked down at herself. "Is there something wrong with my clothes?"


Spoiler

"Nope! You're very cute." Aoki quickly denied with a smile. "It's just that, I didn't expect you to wear maid clothing right now. I thought that you said that you're only going to wear that inside Basa-kun's apartment?"

V answered her question with clarity.

"I chose to do so because it is efficient. Maid uniforms can be easily used to disguise various weaponry compared to casual clothing. I actually have multiple guns, explosives, and knives underneath it right now, which I can easily bring out." she stated. "Furthermore, since we are going to converse with people from the 'main cast', we are going to essentially be side characters. And with me being the person who will fight when combat is needed - the term 'combat maid' comes to mind. Hence the narrative would likely focus on me on such scenarios instead of you."

Aoki blinked once more. "That… does make sense. Huh."

"Yes. But most importantly…"

V's eyes turned serious.

"…I wanted to wear this for today. Which is why I decided to wear it." she declared.

Aoki stared at her.

Then, much to V's surprise, the woman put her arms on her shoulders.

"You are very cute, V-chan." she told her with similar seriousness. "Please, never change."

V tilted her head. What did she mean by that?

Any more thoughts about the topic were interrupted however when another person started looking for them. V noticed the presence of someone behind one of the doors. When it opened, it revealed one of the idol managers just like Aoki. The manager looked around for a moment, spotted the both of them standing by the window, and then called out.

"Yumiko-san! Kyoko just finished her rehearsal, you can go in now!"

Aoki blinked. "Ara. They're done already? That was fast." she commented, before turning to V and giving her a smile. "Let's go and talk to our alien idol, then."

V nodded. "Yes."

With that, the two of them went inside with the manager leading them. V's gaze swept around the room as they entered, and she saw that the room was wider than she had anticipated. It appears to be some sort of filming room of some sort, judging by the props and cameras present.

There were also quite a lot of people, likely the crew who was running this filming operation. Most glanced towards her and were curious about her outfit. None had expressed it aside from a prolonged stare though, and they quickly went back into whatever they were doing previously. None of them looked armed either, lacking any form of security due to the fact that they were deep in the building already.

It was a potentially safe area to be in. Nevertheless, she didn't let her guard down as always, and eventually they arrived in what appeared to be a dressing room. The manager opened the door to that as well.

And there, they managed to get the first glimpse of their target.


Spoiler

Kyouko Kirisaki. That was the name of their target. The moment her eyes landed on the girl - V observed everything that she could.

Unlike what she expected upon hearing that she was an alien, she looked like a completely ordinary girl. A beautiful black-haired one, much like Yuki was, except her hair was shorter and that she was normally wearing glasses.

She was also dressed in what looked like a magical outfit, and in her hands were papers which were likely the script to whatever show she was rehearsing right now. Her eyes were glued on it initially but her gaze turned to them when they entered.

"Hello, Kyouko-chan!" Aoki greeted cheerily. "Good work with the rehearsal!"

The alien idol smiled. "Thank you, Aoki-san. I did my best."

That smile then disappeared the moment V entered the dressing room right behind Aoki. She offered the girl a nod, making the idol blink in surprise and nod back reflexively.

Then she spoke up once more. "Um, Aoki-san… can I ask the reason why you're here?" the girl asked, slightly unsure. "And who is that maid right beside you? Actually, why is there a maid…?"

"Oh! This is V-chan. She's here to help me for today." Aoki answered. "And don't mind her outfit. She just likes to dress like that."

"O-Okay…?"

"But as for the reason why we're here… well, is it alright if the three of us talk in private, Kyouko-chan? I have the feeling that you'd prefer it if we talked in private about this." Aoki paused. "B-But you're not in trouble though! It's not whatever you're thinking."

The girl looked confused at that, but in the end she nodded and glanced towards her manager. They nodded, before leaving the room and closing the door behind them.

"This dressing room is soundproof. We can talk privately here." the girl stated, before gesturing to the chairs right near the one she was at. "Um, why don't you take a seat? This seems important."

"Thank you, Kyouko-chan."

Taking her suggestion, Aoki sat down on the chair. V, however, didn't. Instead she just stood partially behind Aoki, taking the strategic position where she had a complete view of the girl, Aoki, and the door to the dressing room.

The idol gave V a final unsure look, before turning her attention to Aoki. The woman gave her a smile to reassure her and then started to speak once more.

"Okay." Aoki stated. "First off, I think we should start with this - we know that you're an alien, Kyouko-chan."

That made the idol blink. "Oh, did the others tell you?"

"Something like that."

A lie. All the information they got would be from what the others and Aoki herself had gathered within this idol agency. It was, however, the bare minimum. Based on the tendencies displayed by this alien idol on her show - which was filled with provocative poses and an unfailing propensity to keep showing her underwear to the camera - the setting itself was an unimportant 'ecchi' and 'harem' story with little to no plot, considering its purpose was to evoke sexual attraction to teenage adolescents.

And even if there was a powerful threat there - it'll likely end in a happy ending considering the story's nature. Basa had no reason to touch their plot when there are other more important things that require his attention. Which is why they were here in the first place, trying to gather more information about the setting.

In any case, Kyouko nodded at Aoki's answer. "I see." she stated, before turning confused. "But if that's the case, why the privacy? My manager and the rest of the film crew already know about it."

"I was getting to that." Aoki said, before turning solemn. "There's no easy way to say this. You see, we've got word that there's going to be something… 'destructive', that will happen in this city. And for some reason, it seems to involve aliens."

Hearing that, Kyouko's eyes widened and sat straight in her seat. "D-Destructive?" she said in surprise. "What do you mean by that, Aoki-san? What's happening?"

"I-It's okay, Kyouko-chan! Things are under control." Aoki reassured while waving her hands. "I'm sorry, but I can't really reveal much about it. You can be rest assured that the authorities are working on it. That said, any information you could provide could be helpful, which was the reason why we approached you in the first place. Do you know any other aliens here in the city, Kyouko-chan? People who could be involved in something like that?"

The alien idol was still reeling in shock at what she heard and wasn't able to answer. And seeing the girl's expression, Aoki then gave her an understanding look.

"I know that what I said is hard to believe. And that what I'm asking for is a big thing." the woman told her. "But it really is the truth. That said, I'm not really forcing you to say it. So if you don't want to—"

"N-No, it's fine. I believe you, Aoki-san. And I can answer your question." the idol interjected. "I was just… a bit surprised."

Aoki blinked, before smiling gratefully at her. "Thank you, Kyouko-chan. For believing in me."

The idol shook her head. "You've proved that you're trustworthy when you fought for those idols during that… incident." the girl's expression darkened for a moment when she said that. "You've fought for other's sake even when you were being threatened by the higher ups. A lot of people trust you, Aoki-san. And I'm one of them."

Kyouko then turned to look at V, who had remained silent in this whole exchange.

"Um, but considering what you've said… A-Are you working with the government or something, Aoki-san?" she asked, unsure. "I've seen foreign movies of secret organizations that deal with alien threats. My manager told me that she was sure Earth doesn't have those things, but…"

It seems that she had misunderstood something, but V supposed that this was a good way to 'rationalize' their presence in the story. And it would prove useful to assume that identity when they investigate further.

Aoki must have thought the same, since she just chuckled mysteriously. "Maybe? I'm not at liberty to say. But I will tell you that V-chan here is interested in protecting the Earth from alien incidents. And she approached me because of it."

The idol blinked, her eyes turning to V in surprise once more. V simply nodded her head in greeting.

"R-Right…" the girl muttered. "V… that's definitely an agent code name."

For a moment, the girl simply digested the information. And then she spoke again.

"Okay, Aoki-san. I'll tell you the aliens that I know about." she stated. "And I don't think they'd mind telling me about it either, because they're not really hiding their identities at all."

"They don't?"

"Yes. They may have made fake identities but, well… if you live in their neighborhood, then you'll probably realize that they're not normal people." she shrugged. "Well, people dismiss it easily though. Mostly because no one would believe that it's an alien causing it all."

It seems that the side characters are generally oblivious, then. That further supports the fact that their setting really is just lighthearted comedy.

"Oh my. I hope they don't cause much trouble." Aoki said, looking a bit concerned.

The idol chuckled. "Oh, they do." she said, before seemingly realizing what she said and giving V a panicked look. "U-Um, but they're not bad people! So I don't think that it's them who's going to cause the destruction and stuff. What they do is just harmless and goofy things, after all. No one gets really hurt and the destruction gets fixed in the end…"

"Really?" Aoki asked, surprised.

The girl nodded. "Yes. It's nothing serious at all." she said, before letting out a smile as if she remembered something funny. "Actually, a human friend of ours usually gets caught up in it. He just has this penchant to get to wacky situations, especially with that strange quirk of his. Most of the time he gets—" she paused. "—A-Ah, well, that's probably not important right now, is it?"

She cleared her throat, and V noticed that the girl had a bit of a blush on her face. She was likely talking about the protagonist judging by her reaction.

"Ahem! In any case, if you want to meet them, they're just in a district not too far from here. They should be at school right now though, so…" She blinked. "Oh, I know! What if you meet up with Run?"

"Run-chan?" Aoki asked.

Another name, but one that was also familiar to them. V recalled that this girl also had a friend who played the antagonist of the show she was practicing - a girl named Run, who was also an alien much like her.

"Yes. She hadn't joined the rehearsal since she's got exams right now. Run could probably introduce you to them. I'll go ask her for you."

Aoki smiled. "That would be great. Do you know the name of the school, Kyouko-chan?"

"Oh! Right. I believe the school's name is… Sainan High." the idol answered. "It's a pretty well-known place in the area since it's apparently a good school, even if it doesn't look like it. It's also quite near a famous shrine! You can't miss it."

"I see. Thank you, Kyouko-chan." Aoki replied with a nod. Then, the woman stood up from her seat. "Anyway, that's all we needed to ask. We'll stop taking any more of your time before your filming."

"It's fine, Aoki-san. This is important, after all." she stated.

Then, much to her surprise, the idol turned to V. "A-And I hope that you can deal with the threat, V-san." she said, looking nervous but still giving her a determined look. "I may be an alien - but Earth is my home too, you know? So please, I hope that you will succeed."

V watched her for a moment before nodding.

"We will. I promise you that."

"Good luck with your filming, Kyouko-chan!" Aoki said with a wave as they headed to the door.

The idol grinned. "Yes, Aoki-san. I'll do my best!"

And with that, the both of them left the dressing room and closed the door behind them. The manager, who was waiting for them outside, nodded their head and led them out the filming room. Aoki gave her thanks to the manager, before they went back to the hall that they were in before.

"Ahh, what a good girl Kyouko-chan is…" Aoki sighed out, a bright smile on her face. "She's really a breath of fresh air compared to the more stubborn talents here."

V nodded. "Yes. And it looks like we didn't have to use hypnosis to force the answer out of her." she stated. "That said, it might have been better if we did it once we got the privacy we needed."

That made Aoki's face stiffen. "V-chan… Let's not do that, alright?" she said with a forced tone. "Promise me that you wouldn't do any of that. Hypnosis should always be the last resort when it comes to things like this."

She tilted her head at that. "Why? It's efficient and harmless if done correctly. The information we get will be truthful as well. There's little reason not to use it."

"That may be so, but there's no point in doing that to someone who isn't your enemy, is there?" Aoki pointed out. "Do they really deserve being hypnotized? Kyouko-chan is just a bystander to it all."

V quietly thought about it, before nodding her head.

"I see. Yes, I suppose she doesn't deserve it." she replied. "Very well, I promise to keep it as a last resort."

She'd gotten used to gaining valuable intelligence through hypnotism after everything with Westalis. Once more, V was reminded by the fact that she still needs to adjust to everything here.

"Thank you, V-chan. That's all I ask." Aoki said, relaxing. Then she turned to look forward. "…That said, Sainan High huh? I wonder if it's going to be part of what Basa-kun told us about."

"Perhaps. But we aren't sure. His reasoning was that we deal with the surrounding settings first since we cannot deal with the source of the problem directly."

While saying those words, V brought out her phone and searched for the location of the school. Then, bringing up other files available to her digitally, she cross-referenced it to the available data that Basa had gathered. The school had nothing much going on for it although there are some incidents near it that happened in the last few years.

But there is one thing that had gained her attention - and it was the fact that the school was actually relatively near to Hakoniwa Academy, the very source of the World-Affecting Scenario. Geographical closeness isn't enough of a reason to assume that Sainan High is part of the affected settings, but considering that it seems to have aliens in it, it might be plausible.

What happened next, however, turned that plausible chance into certainty.

V's phone buzzed as she received a message. But she wasn't the only one, as simultaneously Aoki's phone chimed as she received a message as well. Both of them paused, before V checked out the message. And there, she realized it was from Basa, who must have sent it to everyone.

The message was a brief one, saying that they now received the tasks from the two women that talked with them a few days ago. But what was unusual was that he sent a list - the schools the delinquents targeting them came from

And one of those names immediately stuck out to her.

—Sainan High. The same school that had been uttered by their target earlier.

And the name proudly displayed itself right in front of the screen, lighting up the way amidst the uncertainty.

V paused.

…It seems that they were on the right track after all.


I brought down my phone after sending over a list of schools to V.

Haru was looking at me with an intense look. Yuki's earlier comment about me predicting this whole thing must have intrigued her, but as always she couldn't really figure out how I was able to do it.

This girl was probably frustrated as hell in her mind. As usual though, she really didn't show much of it on her face.

In any case, Yuki glanced at the letters curiously.

"Are these letters of challenge, nee-san? Like, the real thing?" Yuki asked.

Haru's intense look disappeared in favor of a bright smile and she answered her sister's question with a clap of her hands.

"Yep! About fifteen of them, all from the gangs of different schools." Haru replied. "It's strange, really. There's little to no delinquents here in Sobu, you know? Or at least as far as I know. Yet for some reason, a lot of delinquent gangs suddenly started sending these to us. I didn't even know gangs are still around in this day and age!"

"They're around if you know where to look." I said while examining the letters.

As expected, it looks like all of them stated that they're planning to target the school. And the date of this 'war' would be… Hm, it happens today, apparently. What an incredibly convenient and contrived scenario to be caught up in.

"It's a shame, isn't it?" Haru said cheerily. "Today was supposed to be a special day for our two schools. And for it to be ruined by these gangs after everybody worked so hard to make it work… Why, something like this makes me weep!"

Woman, at least try to get rid of your smile when you say that.

Putting down the letters, I then glanced at her. "…So, what exactly are you expecting me to do here? Do you want me to put a stop to them?"

"Exactly! As expected of Basa-kun, you catch on quick!"

"Nee-san…" Yuki interjected, looking at her sister in confusion. "Why approach Basa-kun for this? This seems like a job for the police, isn't it?"

The woman frowned at that, putting a hand on her cheek. "Oh, I did tell them to check it out. But for some reason they seem don't take it seriously! Now I'm forced to go for some more… unique methods to stop it." Then she smiled again. "I was in a tough spot, but thankfully, I remembered that the ever-so-dependable Basa-kun is always there to help! So, can you do it?"

I blankly stared at the woman. There wasn't a single twitch or change in her expression.

It was clearly a lie. I didn't even need to read her mind to know that.

It was illogical for me to be the one she chose to approach in order to deal with this situation. After all, while I was a bit strange in her perspective, being weirdly competent compared to the characters she normally dealt with and doing weird tricks - she still likely believed that I was a mundane human. And a mundane human cannot deal with fifteen gangs alone, no matter how 'competent' they might be.

…But then again, I'm starting to have an idea about this situation.

This was another one of her manipulations.

With how casual she was about a literal attack targeting her school, it's very likely that she had a hand with this many gangs sending these 'declarations of war'. And with the police not involving themselves too. In short, it's just a stunt that she orchestrated.

Which, of course, fits neatly into the predicted genres that alert had stated last time. What this woman cooked up is definitely involved in the 'delinquent' part of the alert. Or at least, an aspect of it. I have no doubt that this is just part of the bigger problem.

So, what exactly is her aim here? It's completely counterproductive to ruin the event and attack her own school. Why would she perfectly ruin an event that she definitely used to gain some connections with Serafall here?

The answer was simple. She doesn't want to.

She was planning for me to refuse. She fully believes that I can't do it, and she likely had another request on standby. It would be the one that she wanted me to do in the first place, and it would be something that is likely hard but sounds totally reasonable compared to this gang problem.

In short - it was the classic Door-in-the-face technique. Except it was more nuts and involved a frivolous use of her political power, because how else should our taxpayer money be used other than to fund her convoluted anime bullshit?

However, like always, she failed to see the whole truth of the situation.

"—Sure. I'll do it."

My answer threw her for a loop, even if Haru didn't show any signs aside from a miniscule twitch.

"Pardon?" she asked.

"I said I'll deal with it." I repeated.

She wants me to be intimidated. Tough luck, since I haven't been intimidated by anything for a very long time, and it would definitely take more than just some high schooler gangs for it to happen again. Plus I'd have to likely deal with them since they'll undoubtedly be part of the world-affecting scenario.

Literally no reason for me to refuse. So please, go ahead.

"…I see. That's a relief to hear!" she said with barely noticeable false cheer. "I'm excited to see just how you'd manage to deal with it, Basa-kun. Are you familiar with these gangs? Or do you have a gang of your own?"

"I'm pretty sure I mentioned that I'm not a delinquent, so no to both of those. I'll be dealing with it myself."

Her smile turned forced, but it disappeared instantly. "Is… that so."

In any case, after hearing the awkward reply - Yuki coughed, hiding a smile behind her fist. Looks like she had an idea of what was happening. Her sister, of course, clearly noticed it and twitched a bit again.

Now as for the other one with us…

"Looks like Basa-kun got you there, Haru-chan! Hehe." Serafall said with a grin. "But seeing that she's done though… I guess it's now my turn? Well, as I've mentioned earlier, I'm also dealing with a delinquent problem as well. Quite a coincidence isn't it?"

I raised a brow at that. This was honestly more of a puzzle.

"You have a delinquent problem?" This demon could literally raze a small country in seconds. "And what sort of delinquents would they be to become like that?"

"Why, it's the ones that I can't put my hands on, of course!" the demon answered cheerfully, before turning a bit more solemn. "I'm actually serious. I really can't do it. And neither can Rias or any demon in the city for that matter."

"And why is that?"

"It's because they're demons from another faction." Serafall revealed.

That made Yuki and her sister, who was also listening, blink in surprise for entirely different reasons. Meanwhile, I just stared at the demon.

Another faction, she says? Looks like it'll be devil politics then.

"Let me be brief as well. These demons are causing trouble in the city, just doing whatever they want despite the fact that it's our territory. It seems to be a group of young demons, and while we could easily teach them a lesson - we're entering peace talks with that faction right now." Serafall explained. "Our actions are going to be monitored and will be judged heavily. And while we might be in the right by stopping these demons causing trouble…"

"It's still going to likely cause problems." I finished.

Serafall snapped her fingers. "Bingo! Which is why I'm going to need someone who's not affiliated with us to deal with them. Which is where you come in, Basa-kun!" she said cheerily. "That said, it's going to be clear to everyone that you'll be affiliated with us after doing it. You're no longer a neutral magus… and that would pretty much satisfy the majority of the complaints about you."

That should be fine. I'm planning to observe what would happen in Rias' plot much more closely after all.

"I see." I stated. "And where exactly can I find these demons?"

"They took over a school called Ishiyama High School, I believe? It's now called Akumano Academy though." Serafall remarked, before crossing her arms with a pout. "They really made a school of their own when Kuoh's clearly here. It's honestly shameless."

Then, she blinked and glanced at the letters.

"Actually, I think the school is mentioned here." she said, picking up said letter, one that showed an emblem of this 'Ishiyama High'. "This one is from a different gang though… Still, what a coincidence, huh? It's honestly strange to see young humans challenge one another and take over schools like they're demonic territories. Is this a common thing for delinquents in the human world?"

"It isn't."

Delinquents do challenge one another, especially when they're from different schools. But not at this scale. The fact that this is happening means that there's something brewing in the background, caused by a bunch of different factors which will eventually balloon into one big conflict.

That said, it seems like those are pretty much the two tasks that I've been left with. Protect the school from the delinquents, and defeat the demons.

…The simplicity of it just screams of a flag being raised and turning everything to shit.

"Is that all I need to know?" I asked them.

"Yep! That's all I needed to tell you. Just drive them away from this city and I'm fine. Whatever method you pick is fine - Ah, but don't kill them though. It'll be quite a mess if you did that." Serafall answered, before turning to the other woman. "And what about you, Haru-chan?"

Haru put a finger on her chin. "Hmm… I think I'm fine as well? Basa-kun seems pretty confident."

"Alright! Then that decides it!" Serafall declared, standing up from her seat. "Now, I think it's about time for us to leave. Kuoh's about to arrive and the ceremony is going to start right after, so I'm gonna have to talk with some old people with sticks up their ass while they do a speech or something."

You're literally older than all of them combined, woman.

"Ah, I suppose I'll join you there too. I actually do need to do that as well." Haru said, standing up from her seat. "Why don't we go together, Leviathan-san?"

"Ooh, that's a great idea! I'm already late for the meeting anyway, so that'll definitely surprise them!" the demon then turned to us. "Welp! We'll leave you guys to it, then. Enjoy this little event for us, alright?"

Yuki nodded while I stayed quiet. The demon woman then walked towards the door with a happy hum and got out of the room, and behind her Yuki's sister followed. But instead of heading straight out to the school halls like the former, the woman stopped the moment she passed by me.

And then she spoke once more, in a voice that was devoid of the false cheer and friendliness that she wielded as a weapon, leaving behind a serious tone that carried an unspoken warning.

"Basa-kun." she began. "Are you sure about your choice? You can still refuse this, you know?"

I stared forward, not even glancing at her direction.

"No need. As I said, I'll be dealing with it." I said blankly. "So just bring out all that you got."

There was a short moment as she considered my answer.

"I see. I suppose I should then." Haru stated.

"…Let's see if you really can do what you promised, Basa-kun."

And with that final statement, the woman exited and closed the door behind her. Leaving me and Yuki finally alone in the meeting room. For a moment, silence settled between us as we both digested what just happened.

Then, the moment passed and the heroine spoke.

"I'm really sorry for my sister, Basa-kun." Yuki spoke softly. "She's really troubling you a lot just because she's worried about me. So please don't hate her for it."

I shook my head. "Don't be. It's her actions, not yours." I told her, before letting out an exhale. "…And maybe this stupid world's actions as well. So really, I'm not going to hold it against her."

At the very least, it looks like she's completely serious with what she's gonna do with the gangs. That should give me an 'in' to the other settings and plots that would be involved in the World-Affecting Scenario, which is certainly much better than running around blindly and looking for them.

In a way, she's helping us right now by doing this.

And what's more…

"I do understand how she's worried about you. It's the reason why I'm doing this after all." I added. "After this, your sister will no longer be concerned about you being with me. And then maybe the both of you can settle your issues with each other."

Drama characters and their convoluted bullshit - It's frustrating to watch them dance around one another, not even trying to communicate directly due to increasingly contrived reasons. Seeing it happen to someone near me is very annoying, but for it to happen to someone like the heroine… it definitely leaves a bad taste in my mouth.

Which is why I'm doing all this. Because to me—

"—It's just the good ending in my book." I finished.

That's all there is to it.

Yuki blinked, completely surprised by what I had said. And it had taken her a few seconds or so before she could reply to me once more. And she did so by closing her eyes.

"Basa-kun… those words…"

Yuki opened her eyes to stare straight at me.

"Are you saying that you want my sister's approval? For our relationship?"

My brow twitched. "Where the hell did you get that from what I said?"

Her expression quickly morphed into a teasing look. "Just joking." she said, before making a soft smile. "…Thank you, Basa-kun. I feel the same way as well. Which is why after this, I'll prove to my sister that I'm no longer the same person she thought that I once was."

Then, she gave me a meaningful look.

"After all, you're not the only one who she needs to approve for our relationship." she stated. "And once she finally gives it… to me, that is my good ending."

I paused at her words, before looking to the side.

"…Is that so?"

She probably will get it in the end. Because unlike the rest of the other drama characters…

…This girl has been getting really forward.


Fast forward for half an hour or so, and Kuoh had finally arrived in our school.

Buses came in droves bringing the students. They entered the campus with curious and excited looks on their faces, with an atmosphere that one might see during a school field trip or something. And considering the situation where they visited another place to look around - it might as well be.

And of course, Sobu had a similar reaction as well. Many are intrigued on what students have been invited to our school, even excited about the people that they would meet. But besides that, there was also a pervading unspoken atmosphere held upon the student body - an air of apprehension, as the Sobu students looked on what the reactions our 'guests' would take, since we're supposed to be the hosts right now.

The initial meeting was awkward and formal. Mostly because the Kuoh students were still directed by the faculty of their respective schools along with their class representatives. They were sent to the sportsfield where students of Sobu had also gathered, dividing the large track of land into two: with one side being the Kuoh students and the other being the Sobu students.

And right in front was a prepared stage. Standing there were important faculty members and, of course, the two student council presidents of each respective school. One of them looked more centered than the other, but with a bit of encouragement from the riajuu and, strangely, the 'outcast' protagonist (what a casanova) within the Sobu crowd - our young student president started to act more composed.

That was easily missed by everyone else though, mostly because at that point the faculty had been doing a speech about something or another. But it was also just in time since shortly after, it was time for the student council presidents to recite the prepared 'oaths' in the ceremony.

At least our president was able to keep her voice level like the glasses demon did. They then recited stuff about respect, honesty, cooperation between the school, and fair play for the exhibition matches.

Until finally…

"—With that, the curtain rises on our interschool exchange! Let's make these days unforgettable; one full of challenges, laughter, and bonds that will carry on long after it's over! And so, we declare… the Kuoh-Sobu interschool exchange event officially begins now!"

Both students announced the start of the event, and they were met with substantial applause between both student bodies. The gathered student crowd started to dissolve as the Sobu students went to their respective venues and the Kuoh students got to finally explore.

And amongst the latter were some eye-catching people. A club filled with beautiful and handsome people that captured both Kuoh and Sobu students alike - but mostly the latter because they clearly were subjected to their beauty for the very first time.

That said, what was surprising was that the most beautiful of them, the club leader, greeted someone from the Sobu students with great familiarity - raising her hand and calling to them from far away as they approached.

"Hey, Yuki-chan! Nice meeting you here, huh?"


Spoiler

Rias greeted Yuki with a grin right in front of everyone, keeping her promise last time that she'll greet Yuki because it'll 'increase her popularity points' or some nonsense. Although, she might have a point in the end, since people are wondering why Yuki would know about someone like Rias, especially considering she was from another school.

That said, the reaction was mostly confusion though. Yuki's club and the riajuu's clique pretty much stared at Yuki and Rias, puzzled and curious about how they knew each other. As for the Service Club itself - the protagonist and his girlfriend were looking at their leader like she was a different creature entirely.

Yuki's face blushed, completely embarrassed about the whole situation.

"Hello, Rias." she said with a forced tone. "It's nice to meet you here as well."

Unlike the rest of them though - there was me, standing right beside them like a chill guy without a change in expression. Because I'm an oregano male whose face is granite and shows no weakness.

Or at least, a clone of me is. I'm actually nowhere near the sportfield right now. Instead, I was walking in the school halls, heading right to the exit so that I could leave the school gate.

I do have some tasks to attend to after all.

However, it appears that I won't be alone in my little adventure. Since the moment I was about to leave the school, I sensed a presence of someone waiting near the school gates. And that person greeted me the moment I actually went outside.

"So you're really going, huh?"

I raised a brow at Haru. "Don't you have some other things to do for this event?"

The woman smiled. "I do, but you can always delegate right?" Those poor subordinates. "That said, I'm a bit surprised. I didn't think that you'd actually go through, considering I saw you and my sister in the student body earlier. Since when did you leave the place?"

I actually didn't since I'm technically still there - but then again, the genre divide.

"I have a clone and am currently in two separate places at once." I explained as I passed by.

"Pfft. Sure you are." the woman said, following beside me.

I glanced at her before looking forward. "So, why the hell are you following me? Don't you have some other more productive things to do right now as a working adult?"

"Oh trust me, I do. But how else can a woman verify something without seeing it for herself?" she replied easily. "You're heading to the venue that those challenge letters said, right? I've heard that there's actually hundreds of delinquents gathering in the place. Are you sure you still want to 'deal with them' alone?"

"Yes."

Honestly, she 'heard' it? Woman, you're the one who arranged this whole thing to happen. Both of us know that already, there's no need to keep this charade that you have no idea what was happening.

…That said, her accompanying me here is probably because she wants to monitor me. Is it out of concern? Most likely. This woman was a social monster, but she wasn't a psychopath that would order somebody murdered. She probably just arranged it to just scare me as well. After all - this whole thing was just a stunt; something to scare me, so that she could manipulate me with whatever else that she wanted me to do.

But as we all know, things are rarely simple.

Which is why when we finally arrived at the venue - which was actually the very same park that I first met Yuki when she turned meta - there we saw the sight of around a hundred delinquents gathered from different gangs. Except, unlike what one may expect when 'scaring' someone: these guys were completely armed and looked prepared for war. Or at least, in the limited way that a high schooler could afford to do so. Still pretty dangerous looking though, considering anime bullshit.

And of course, being teenage delinquents, their egos were as fragile as much as their frontal lobes were undeveloped. Which means that we found the gangs were on a standoff with one another, with their respective leaders facing one another in the forefront.

And what a colorful cast of characters these people are. You couldn't find any more different people meeting each other. That said, between all the gangs, there were three people who were likely considered 'top dog' and were doing the standoff.

So let's take a look at each one of them, shall we?

"Wow, you're a big guy, aincha?"

On one corner, there was a fair-looking guy with tanned skin and silver-blue hair. He had a muscular build similar to athletes despite the fact that he's probably a first or a second year high schooler, which pretty much clues him as part of an action genre. The guy also had bandages on his fists, probably a clue to him being a brawler. And the last and most cringe of all - the guy had a blade of grass in his mouth, trying to look cool despite the fact that he's probably tasting dirt right now after picking it up on the side of the road.


Spoiler

"…"

On the second corner, there was a large dude with glasses and scars that can only be described as a monster. With an incredibly exaggerated musculature, with his face muscles even looking defined, the guy looked more like a full-grown adult that abused steroids as opposed to a teenager. The only fact that offered the hint that he was younger than he looks was his school uniform, but even that just makes him look like an adult man suffering a middle age crisis so he dressed up in one.


Spoiler

"You the strong and silent type? I can get by that." the fair-looking guy grinned, before turning to the side. "Now this is a more beautiful sight. Want to go grab a bite later, missy?"

"Don't even come near me unless you want your balls crushed, creep."

And on the third corner, a woman with wavy red hair tied in a ponytail. She looked beautiful, one that was clearly emphasized because the higher powers gave her the beauty mark that was located under her eye. But out of all of them, she was probably the wackiest, considering that she was wearing those long white trench coats that Japanese motorcycle thugs seem to like, while also having a chain with her as a weapon.


Spoiler

The fair-looking guy raised his hands placatingly. "Yeesh. No need to get so hostile. I mean, we're all here for the same thing, right? Some politician offered plenty of money to do a hit on a school… this should be a time for us to work together, no?"

"Like hell we will. I'd rather die than work with a man like you." the red-haired woman stated with disgust. "And as if you're not planning to betray people and do the hit on your own. You want to take all the money for yourself, don't you?"

"Hey, you're the one who said it missy. But I'm guessing since you said that - you must have had the same idea."

"My gang is not willing to share." the big dude spoke for the first time. "This is a warning to you. Leave, or be dealt with. Because you'll be crossing us Yakuza."

"Buddy, you don't know how many people I've crushed that call themselves Yakuza. Make tattoos or cut your fingers as much as you like - if you're weak, then you can't do anything."

The fair-looking guy brought up a fist and grinned.

"We're the ones who're gonna get all the money! So if you've got a problem, then let's settle it with our fists! Like a real man!" he paused, before glancing to the other leader. "Or woman."

As he said that though - one of his guys spoke up, but it was in an unconfident tone that they did so.

"U-Um, boss… didn't they say that we only need to scare the school? I don't think that they said anything about attacking the place itself…"

"Hah? Are you an idiot? Why would they want to do that? Now shut up, you're ruining the atmosphere here."

"R-Right… sorry."

Nobody corrected the guy on that. In fact, judging by the unchanging looks on the faces of the other leaders, it seems that they thought the same. Was it just a misunderstanding, or was it a contrivance to some plot? In any case, it seems that everyone here had mistaken what Yuki's sister wanted them to do - which makes sense, considering these are teenagers instead of professional hitmen.

"What…?"

And hearing all that clearly bothered Haru beside me, seeing as her goal was to simply scare me. Again, she was a social monster, not a psychopath. So the woman must be starting to worry after hearing that the gangs misunderstood what she wanted.

The woman took out her phone, probably to call some of her men. I felt the presence of some of them near and within the park. She had probably had them around if something went wrong.

That said, she didn't really need to do that.

Haru blinked when I started to approach the delinquents. Then her eyes widened.

"H-Hey, Basa-kun. Wait—!"

I didn't stop. Instead, I continued walking, going past the various delinquents who blinked at my sudden presence, before arriving right in the middle where the three leaders were doing their little standoff.

They turned to me, expressions varying in degrees from confusion, curiosity, and apathy.

"Who the hell are you supposed to be?" the fair-looking guy asked with a curious tone. "Another gang leader?"

I didn't answer him. Instead, I swept my eyes between them, before settling on the big guy. He was the one looking at me in apathy, staring at me like I was a shrimp or something. The guy looked strong so he's probably used to seeing people like that.

Then I tensed, and that apathetic gaze quickly turned to alarm. Good instincts.

Unfortunately, it wasn't able to save him from what happened next.

—I grabbed him right in the face before smashing it down right on the ground, cracking the ground slightly and burying the front half of his head right into the flattened dirt road.

There was a moment of shocked silence. Then I stood up and stared at them.

Great, cool entrance done.

Now let's go flyswatting.


Man, the weather is so cold that I've been getting the shills lately... Hm? It's in the middle of the summer? My, I didn't notice. Could be because my dear patreon which offers up to 10 advanced chapters offering my comfort by my side? I love you so much my patreon. Now give me a sloppy kiss. Mwah.

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtows
Last edited: Apr 27, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Daimon Agafo, Lucky_plucky_ducky and 910 others
Skrubchap
Apr 26, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 28 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
May 3, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,194
Basa-kun denies any allegations of ever going to a certain island.

Anyway, please enjoy reading!


Chapter 28

The Sobu Park. A relatively beautiful park to visit.

Planted in the place were plenty of cherry blossom trees that offered a beautiful view during the flowering season. As of now though, those very same trees were withered, and little to no people had any reason to visit the park leaving it quite deserted.

Once upon a time, this was where a story had begun. The wrong place a certain girl had visited at the wrong time, setting off events that led to everything that was happening now.

However, today was a different occasion.

For today, in this park, a great gathering of people had formed. Young gangsters, thugs and delinquents from different schools - people misspending their youths and yet to bloom, who fit the withered aesthetic of the park so naturally, had all gathered here for one purpose.

They were here to do the behest of a certain crafty woman, one who had been caught off-guard and had no choice but to do so to put her money in her mouth.

Yet the specifics of it was easily forgotten or misunderstood, it seems. Because overhearing one simple conversation can allow a person to know they had escalated a plan to threaten someone into a plan to inflict actual violence.

An unbelievable mistake… However, such is the nature of hotheaded youths. And it was that same nature that led them to treat the others with suspicion as well. A promising reward that everyone wanted to have for themselves - and it was for that reason that they were about to clash.

The strong get to do what they want, while the weak perish. It was the single and greatest rule of nature, muddled by human society, and yet seemingly returned to its purest state in the world of delinquents.

This was a simple fight of dominance amidst hundreds of others, and a way of life for everyone else involved.

—But then, something had changed.

An unknown person had come out of nowhere and toppled one of the beasts that participated in the fight for dominance. No one had anticipated their arrival, and no one knew who they even were.

They simply arrived like a natural calamity: without warning and without mercy.

Yet this was not another player to the dominance game. No, this was different - one that was keenly felt within every delinquent present.

The sixth sense that was honed from years of participating in various fights and conflicts, a privilege which a normal person living in a mundane society would never have. Some might call it fighter's instinct, while to others, it was Nature's gift of judgement.

Nevertheless, it had acted up. And it was with such a unique perspective that they were able to see such a strange sight.

"…Oi oi oi. What the hell is this?"

One of the beasts participating in the game of dominance, muttered in shock as he stared at the aftermath of the entrance. He looked at this new arrival with wide eyes, staring at him and taking in all the details that he could.

Or at least, that was what he attempted to do.

I… I can't see his face? What is going on?

—Because his mind, like everyone else's right now, was in shambles.

The sun was bright and the details were clear to see. Yet no matter what they did, they couldn't focus on the man's face. Even as their gaze was staring at man, instead of taking his appearance, they instead took his entire form - from the graceful way he stood up after burying the toppled beast's face to the ground, his resolute and strong posture, and his relaxed stance that conflicted with the strength that they saw.

It was an indescribable phenomenon. However, it was one with a clear explanation. Or at least, a barely believable one to those in a martial mindset.

It was said that in a flight or fight situation, the amygdala hijacks a person's brain. This hijack triggers a massive dump of adrenaline and cortisol as immediate physical reaction is prioritized over detailed information processing. The eyes' depth of field narrows, and the brain hyperfixates on the threat.

If a knife pointed at a person, a person would have a hard time remembering the shirt of the person wielding it. Then, what if a fighter's instincts register the entire person as a threat? Their brain would then focus on what he considers most important - which is the posture, the movement, and everything that might relate to fighting.

Indeed, it was their own instincts that had betrayed them at this moment.

Yet, it was clearly abnormal to witness. So what does it mean if their instincts and body react in such a manner?

It should've been a mystery, but deep within themselves - they already know the answer. Because the instinctual, amygdalian mind internalizes greater truths far more than the logical, prefrontal cortex ever could.

And from that, they were able to determine that what they faced right now.

It wasn't a rival that was to be dominated or driven off. They weren't even facing an equal.

Instead, they were facing something above their level. Something far more sinister.

Something that wasn't meant to be engaged, but rather to flee and hide from instead.

In other words, what they're looking at right now…


Spoiler

…was clearly nothing other than a predator.


What is flyswatting?

It's a very common thing to see, yet in the perspective of a story, the specific details of it are quite nuanced.

As always in anime or manga, the powerful character making an absolute mess of weaker characters never fails to be entertaining. It's a moment where they get to cut loose after all, and accompanied by colorful animation visuals that could make a Victorian child go into a seizure - it would surely be enough to become memorable in the minds of the viewers.

It's also different from something like, say, a curbstomp. The point of the curbstomp is to humiliate certain characters and showing utter domination in order to provoke catharsis. Flyswatting, in essence, is to show that the character is above conflict. Usually by showing that the vibe of the fight is casual and dismissive. And unlike curbstomping, it's not stretched out at all. In fact, it's usually done as fast as narratively possible.

And right now, I'm going to do it.

…And doing it is a damn chore.

Perhaps if I were a character limited in one setting doing that might be easy. Entertaining even. However, I'm not. And while I might be powerful enough because of my pretty long off-screen training arc, utilizing said power would be pretty hard without forming a headache.

As I've always said, I refuse to stick my nose in troublesome business. I want to minimize my presence so that the narrative doesn't just involve my story to whatever it wants, and flyswatting, in essence, is the direct opposite of that.

To treat beating an opponent as if you were just swatting flies conversely proves you are strong, which essentially turns the story's gaze onto you. So unless I find it absolutely necessary and I have to actually involve myself in the plot (e.g. V and the rest of Golden Dawn's story), I wouldn't even dare to do something like that.

But if that was the case, then what exactly am I doing right now? Has Basa-kun lost his mind and finally exposed himself as the true hypocrite that he was?

Well the thing is, as with all things in life, there are exceptions. There are certain conditions to meet before I'm sure that I can do such things. All of which ensure that there will be no lasting consequence regarding my actions.

—Let me demonstrate.

"B-Boss…?"

There was no answer from the big guy underneath me. Seeing their leader's unmoving form, the delinquents who were under the big guy that I took down all turned to me with enraged confusion - before rushing towards me.

"Take him down!"

"We'll show you for messing with us Yakuza!"

No one took me down, nor anything was shown.

The moment they rushed at me together - the next moment consisted of them being launched away from me together as well, and their beat up bodies ended up sprawled on the ground or colliding with the trees and fellow delinquents around them.

And in response to that, all the people around clearly reacted with shock.

"W-Who the hell is that guy!? Why is he so strong!?"

"A martial artist? I-I've never seen those moves before!"

"I don't recognize him at all…!"

Condition number one. No one actually knows what I look like.

I have casted a minor concealment spell on myself, enough that they won't actually recognize my appearance. If used in a crowd I'd fit seamlessly as a faceless bystander, but being in the focus like this changes its nature slightly.

The specifics of which depend on the person themselves: for example, my face could always be shaded at the right angle so that they can't actually see my features, or it could be explained by some contrived martial artist bullshit due to them thinking I was a threat. Or anything else, really.

This way, it provides some flexibility for the narrative to not outright target me. The narrative could use this scene as a set up for some other character or, best case scenario, it wouldn't touch what I did right now at all.

"—Gabwuh!"

As I finished the last of the mooks under the big guy, punching the wannabe-thug in the abdomen with enough force to launch him flying three feet in the air - I paused as I detected three separate presence, and then adjusted my position accordingly.

I leaned to the side to dodge a strike aimed at my head, letting the fist pass through the space that I occupied earlier. Then I jumped back to avoid a whipcrack of steel, making it hit the ground instead, then also sidestepping after that to barely avoid the large arm brought down behind me like it was a hammer.

With those three consecutive attacks avoided with ease, there was a slight pause in the fight. And clearly, with there being a pause - there was a moment for short dialogue.

I respected it, putting my hands on my pockets for aura points, if only to observe the people I was 'fighting'.

"So you dodged all that… heh, you must be something else." the guy with a weed on his mouth muttered with a grin.

The lady using a chain as a weapon simply spun it around beside her, readying it for another hit towards me. The big guy, meanwhile, just dusted off the dirt on his uniform and threw away his broken glasses. None of them spoke, yet it was clear from their focused eyes that they're taking me seriously.

Clearly, they aren't going to be defeated easily like the mooks. That said, they're not quite part of the main cast either… some of them, at least.

Which leads onto the second requirement.

Condition number two. I'm fighting characters not part of the major cast. Or at least, not part of the major cast yet.

These three representing the whole group look very much like side characters. A fair-looking guy with a weed in his mouth, a beautiful girl with a chain weapon, and a really big guy. They look like they're part of the major cast - but there is something to be noted about each of them here.

"Orya, orya, orya! Take this!"

I dodged the fist thrown at me. I did it easily, because the guy only kept throwing his right hand and the other stayed firmly in his pocket. It was an odd and awkward thing to do, considering he seems to move like a boxer.

A trump card? A cursed arm of some sort? No, the guy eating weed just has one hand paralyzed. And it's in a way that seems completely healable as well by normal martial arts bullshit and not the special ones. Considering the fact that this guy is an antagonist but has a fixable attitude - he seems like the textbook enemy turned friend in an action anime.

"Humph…!"

And as the guy eating weed dished out rapid attacks - the big guy also used the opportunity to hit me with incredibly telegraphed attacks. It was easier to dodge, but it was strong enough to displace air each swipe. Probably deadly for any mundane fighter.

The big guy looked interesting, especially since an idle structural scan made me learn that he's actually fourteen right now. A surprising fact considering he's over six foot tall, but then again I've seen stranger things. Still, I doubt that he's actually part of any ongoing plot right now, because most action anime occur during high school, and this guy would currently be in junior high.

He'd probably be a powerhouse in the future. But right now? He certainly isn't the most dangerous fighter. Mostly because narratively - there was someone here who's in the middle of a story right now, and would therefore be more 'experienced'.

And so I turned to the final and, arguably, the most interesting one.

"...!"

The sound of steel rubbing against steel echoed, and as I kept dodging the hits of the two fighters - there was an opponent that expertly used their chain weapon to slither around, trying to hit me and snag me in places where I wouldn't notice.

The chain lady moved with great skill and precision as if she was a seasoned warrior, and since she's in the middle of a story, she probably already experienced a ton of fights to improve herself. The chain flowed around her like a living being, striking things like a whip with enough force to break the sound barrier.

She actually doesn't fit this second requirement of not fighting the main cast, but… well, I'd involve myself in her plot anyway, considering her school involves one of my tasks.

After all, her uniform clearly says 'Ishiyama High School', which was the school that Serafall told me to deal with.

That said, I think this is enough time observing. It's about time to deal with them… which then connects to the last and most important requirement of flyswatting.

Condition number three. Finish the fight decisively.

Let me get back to an earlier question: What is flyswatting?

The answer is simple.

It's honestly just a way to show off.

And with that, there's no point to keep this charade up. The characters' capabilities have been shown from the short time I did nothing. From that, a clear baseline is established.

And judging with that same baseline… an outside viewer can truly know what 'powerful' really means.

Because what is showing off, if there's no audience to watch?

"...!?" / "K-Kuh…!" / "Tch!"

A simple tug of the chain at the right moment, and the chains entangled in a way that the two guys got themselves snagged. The lady, meanwhile, was unable to tug the chain from my grasp as I held it.

—And then I started beating them down.

I pulled the snagged guys towards me, dodging all their attacks and further entangling them with the chains while I unleashed a combo of moves and skills that I've honed throughout my life in this shitty anime world.

A well-placed strike in their organs.

A piercing knuckle hit their pressure points.

A rapid transition of different katas of martial arts, overwhelming them with unpredictable strikes.

I hit them with all of it. I didn't even need to bring out the bullshit ones to deal with them. I just made sure that I dished out the appropriate amount of damage that they can recover without lasting effects… though that amount can be rather generous.

"Ghgk! H-Huh? My arm…?"

The first to tap out was the guy eating weed. Though that was mostly because I struck a pressure point in his paralyzed arm that somehow caused him to feel it temporarily. Strange, that wasn't supposed to happen… unless the world decided to use me as a background that would push him to martial arts, so that his arm would be healed.

In any case, because of his surprise, he wasn't able to fully dodge my next hit which clocked him right in the stomach. The guy eating weed collapsed on the ground, unconscious.

The big guy though, was more resilient compared to him. Despite not dodging at all and taking all of my attacks directly, the guy managed to still stay conscious despite the copious amount of blood coming out of him.

A perseverance fighter, then. I could even see the wisp of an aura around him, symbolizing his fighting spirit or whatever. If left alone, then he could probably stay fighting despite it being physically impossible. And that probably meant that he's been undefeated for many of his fights.

So let's also give him a humbling experience for his backstory, shall we?

A swung a final punch to his jaw - the picture perfect form of someone hitting a person's knockout button. Except this time, I mixed with a bit of sleeping magic, amplifying the effect even more.

And because of that, the big guy's eyes rolled up, and he fell on his knees. As he slowly fell on the ground, I let go of the chains. Both hit the ground with a loud thump, and I stepped on top of the chain to prevent it from being used once more.

—Then I turned around.

The delinquent lady was looking at me with wide eyes. It was clear that she was shocked and even a bit afraid of what she saw, but mad props to her, the girl still charged towards me with a ferocious expression, abandoning her weapon and rearing back her fist instead.

"Hyaaah…!" she cried out.

Impressive willpower. However, I hit her with the abuser's special: a backhanded fist, mixed with my sleeping magic. It was super effective and the redhead lady flopped down on the ground, no longer conscious.

I'll probably extract some of her memories later. Just to have an idea on what's the state of their story. For now though, I'll leave her alone.

And with that, the three 'leaders' are taken care of.

…Still, the flyswatting wasn't done.

"Y-You gotta be kidding me…"

"Should… should we run away…?"

As if the world wanted to remind their existence, those unsure and fearful voices cut through the grim silence of their leaders' defeat. I turned to the rest of the delinquents, all of whom stared at me with faces of shock and fear - and simply gave them no reaction still, despite showing off my absolute dominance.

Gotta act the part of a cool and nonchalant guy, after all.

Still, something did catch my attention when I looked around. It wasn't those delinquents however - but rather someone else who came here with me and, surprisingly, has been watching me the whole time like those delinquents.

And understandably, she has a similar expression on her face to the delinquents as well. Although, it seems greatly less composed to the shocked look she'd displayed before.


Spoiler

"Hm… Interesting." I muttered under my breath.

So she was able to witness that action segment? The skill we've displayed was borderline superhuman. No mundane person would be allowed to see it with the genre divide around.

Yet here she was, somehow managing to do it. Very interesting, indeed.

…But, oh well. Thinking about that can come later.

I turned back to the rest of the delinquents, who looked stuck between running away or trying to attack me together. Some of the smarter ones already ran away much earlier - but to those who stayed… Well, I suppose I'll just give them a brief reminder of why they can't come near Sobu, despite the fact that I'm the only delinquent here.

—I flexed my hand into a claw, making my knuckles crack.

Not that I consider myself a delinquent, no sir.


"…Hm? Did you hear that…?"

Yuki gave a curious look at Rias, who suddenly said those words. "What do you mean?"

"Oh, I just heard what sounded like a bloodcurdling scream or something…" the redhead frowned. "You think that means Basa-kun is doing good out there?"

That made her tilt her head. "The park might be near, but I doubt a scream from there could be heard up to…" Yuki paused, before seemingly settling upon a realization. "I see. Yes, I suppose he must be."

She closed her eyes and let out a breath.

"…And it looks like this event is undisturbed for now."

Yuki muttered that as she then looked over the event, observing the Kuoh students who were exploring the halls of Sobu curiously. Staring out the window with a direct view of the sportsfield, one can also see the sports exhibition matches in progress - it was baseball right now, it looks like. But there would be opportunities for other sports as well at later times.

"Yep! You guys worked hard on doing this, right?" Rias replied with a smile as she walked beside her. "That must have been hard. I know that Sona-chan was definitely stressed dealing with it at the last minute. You guys must have felt the same."

Yuki shook her head. "Not really. It was only thanks to Basa-kun that we managed to even finish it… although my sister would've probably waved it all away, in the end. She probably didn't expect us to finish it all from the start - in fact, I'm certain she counted on it being unfinished."

"Really? Why?" Rias asked curiously.

"My sister wanted to set the stage. It's likely a ploy to discourage him, even if it's unreasonable to put someone not part of the student council to work on their tasks." she answered. "Not that it worked, however."

The redhead still looked like she didn't understand. "Mmm… I don't get it. What do you mean by ploy?" she tilted her head. "This is one of those drama things that I don't understand, isn't it?"

"It's not exactly a drama thing, Rias. Just a manipulation tactic. I imagine you need to learn those things as well, considering you mentioned that the world of demons is full of tricky people like that."

Rias pulled a face. "Bleh, more studying. I've had enough of it." she then shook her head. "Anyway! Enough about that. We should just enjoy the event with the others! We finally get to hang out with each other 'officially' after all. What we have right now will definitely be a novel experience!"

The redhead then paused.

"Well, maybe not now exactly." she amended. "But I am looking forward to knowing it later!"

Out of context, her words don't make any sense. Yuki and Rias are walking the halls together without their respective clubs while heading towards the school's exit, the both of them clearly going to leave the school campus despite Rias' words of 'wanting to enjoy the event'.

However, looking at the window where they could see the stands on the sportsfield - those with a sharp eye would notice that Yuki was also watching in the stands with the rest of her club. Joining her was Haya-kun and his group of friends along with Basa-kun, and of course, Rias and her club as well who had joined them earlier.

They had left soul copies of themselves behind. Because while they do want to enjoy the event, there are important things to take care of.

"I can't wait to transfer our copies' memories after this." Rias commented with a bright smile. "I wonder what sort of things we're going to be up to…?"

Yuki chuckled. "I imagine it'll be interesting at least, with you always taking the initiative."

"Can't help it! I want to know more about how things usually are around you, after all!" Rias grinned. "I want to know more about you, Yuki! In every way possible!"

The sudden sincere comment caught Yuki off-guard, and she coughed. "R-Right." she muttered. "Then, I hope I can do the same as well. I believe the school visit goes both ways."

"Ohh? Nice! I'll show you around our club mansion, then!"

She'd heard so much about this supposed place. It always struck her odd that Rias could somehow have such a thing in the school campus, but with her family being influential in hell - Yuki guessed that accomplishing it would be easy.

"I'll look forward to it." Yuki replied with a smile, before turning a bit more solemn. "For now though… I suppose we should focus on what we should do."

That made Rias mirror her expression.

"Un. We should." she agreed with a frown. "Especially considering what Serafall-san told me just this morning… Yeah, there's definitely a lot to take care of in this one."

Yuki nodded, feeling the same.

By that point, they were already near the school exit. She and Rias went outside the school grounds, and Yuki led Rias to the agreed venue of all the challenge letters that were given to the school. Coincidentally, it was the same park where she had met Basa-kun for the first time, so the place held a lot of meaning for her.

It took just a bit of walking since it was a short distance away from the school. And when they got there…


Spoiler

…It seems that they were correct in their suspicion that Basa-kun was doing quite well. But then again, she supposed that it was to be expected. The chances of him losing to delinquents of all things is outright impossible.

"Ohh, that's an intimidating sight." Rias commented with an intrigued look.

Indeed, it was very intimidating. And if it weren't for the fact that she knew that these people belonged in an action genre who would easily recover from this, she'd probably call for an ambulance. Or the police. After all, Basa-kun's appearance right now doesn't paint a good picture.

Nevertheless, Yuki sighed as they approached him. "You're covered in blood, Basa-kun."

"I guess it's that time of the month." she blinked at his reply. W-What? "Anyway, don't mind it. As you can see, it's clearly not mine. It doesn't help that the delinquent and martial arts genre is particularly generous with spilling blood… then there's also my little quirk too. And here I thought it activated earlier."

"At this point, I think you're just using that quirk of yours to justify carelessness." she said, before giving him tissues beforehand. "…Here, use this to wipe yourself."

He took it and started doing just that. "What, you're not doing it yourself this time? Shame. I guess you got self-conscious after others pointed it out last time."

Yuki blushed. "I-I did not! And there's nothing to be self-conscious about in the first place!"

"Hehe, he's got you there, Yuki-chan." Rias said with a grin, before looking around. "So these are the delinquents that's going to be involved in that world-affecting scenario… Eh?"

The redhead made a confused noise as she gazed in a particular direction. Yuki turned to where she was looking at - before she blinked, staring at the person standing a bit farther from where they were at.

"Nee-san…?"

It was her sister, Haru. And her expression was… novel, to say the least.

With the way she stood there - eyes almost blank and jaws wide open in sheer shock - Yuki herself couldn't believe what she's seeing. She had never seen her sister's composure broken as much as this in her entire life. In fact, she was questioning if this was even her sister that she was looking at right now.

"W-What? Yuki…?"

She heard her sister mutter, still looking out of it. Her eyes were also now looking at her uncomprehendingly, as if she was trying to unpack the implications of what she saw and what it meant for her.

As Yuki also stared at her sister, Basa-kun explained what was happening.

"Right. She was actually with me when I went on to deal with these delinquents. Probably wanted to make sure nothing goes wrong in her scare or whatever." he explained. "Anyway, clearly she's having trouble understanding reality right now. She never did expect that I could deal with all of these guys, after all."

Yuki blinked. "She saw you fight?"

"She did. Interesting, isn't it?" Basa-kun said with a smile, before returning to a more blank expression. "That said, we should go with the next part. Let's investigate all the schools that these gangs came from. They'll definitely be involved in the world-affecting scenario one way or another."

She took one look at her stunned sister, her mind clearly thinking of the implications regarding what Basa-kun had stated. Still, she turned to him and nodded.

This was more important, after all.

"I've quickly researched the schools mentioned earlier, when you left." Yuki mentioned. "With the demons and the aliens already determined - that leaves the espers, time travelers and those super-powered students as the only undetermined ones, correct?"

"The super-powered students are probably from the main setting which this whole problem comes from. That only leaves the time travelers and the espers." Basa-kun told her. "Why? Did you find something?"

"For the latter, yes. I believe there is a shrine near the school that V and Aoki-san are heading towards. Furthermore, your previous data stated that the place had experienced various occult conflicts before. I've also searched about the shrine online and apparently, there is a renowned spirit medium there. It's not exactly ESP but…"

"No, you might be onto something." Basa interjected thoughtfully. "Sometimes settings with espers also include shrine maidens and onmyoji as well. If it's not actual magic they're using, then it's most likely ESP of some sort."

Yuki nodded. "I'll tell that to the other two then." she stated. "Still, I'm not too sure of my own conclusion, so I think it would be best to keep an eye on things if there were some other surprises."

"Don't underestimate the might of hunches. And the fact that it neatly slides in everything is a plus. The narrative is efficient in using what little toys that it has to craft a story, after all."

She took note of that and nodded. Beside her, Rias made a thoughtful noise.

"Hmm, so that leaves the time traveler one, huh?" Rias tilted her head. "…Do you think it's those 'witches' that have been running around the town recently? They count as time travelers, right?"

Yuki frowned. "Perhaps." she said in thought. "But I hope not, the scale of devastation that some of them can dish out… that would complicate this problem further."

"Don't worry about that. I keep an eye on that particular setting. I'm relatively sure they're not the ones." Basa-kun reassured. "And it would likely have to involve delinquents considering everything. Chances are, we're looking at a time traveler who went back to being a delinquent student and led his gang to victory or something."

She sweatdropped. "That sounds… strange."

That made him raise a brow. "Strange, you say? As opposed to other settings out there? To something like, say, a balloon head monster?"

"…N-No, nevermind." Yuki shook her head, blushing and feeling a little bit silly of herself. "Maybe the concept just doesn't appeal to me."

Surely if you've been brought back in time, there are much more productive things you can do other than make a success story for your gang? Or at least, that's her opinion about it, but it's possible that there's important context she was missing if that was the case.

Rias, however, interjected. "Speak for yourself! I think that sounds really cool." she said with a nod. "Those stories where you go back to the past and walk all over everyone are just so peak! It's up there with power fantasy isekais and romcom harems!"

"Of course you're the type to consume slop." Basa-kun said with a blank gaze, before letting out an exhale. "I suppose the path is cleared out then. I already gained the info I want from the student here, so I can go deal with my other task about demon bullshit… Rias, what did Serafall ask you to do?"

The redhead blinked at the sudden question. "Hm? Well, she told me to not help you beat those demons, but…" she frowned. "Apparently, those pricks also kidnapped someone important and are in cahoots with fallen angels. We're going to have to rescue them."

"And where is that happening?"

"At a chapel near Akumano Academy." she answered with a smile. "I won't be taking my club with me, so I'll be going there with you!"

"Then that leaves me as the one who'd have to search for… a hypothetical time traveling delinquent." Yuki concluded. "Very well. I'll be working on that, then."

"You need help?" Basa-kun asked, to which she shook her head.

"No. This seems simple enough. It's just the usual investigation, isn't it?" Yuki replied easily. "The time traveling part is a bit tricky, but nothing a bit of effort could fix."

Basa-kun stared at her for a moment, before nodding.

And with that, it seems like the next course of action was already set… However, there was still one thing left that had to be dealt with, which Basa-kun acknowledged with a simple glance to Yuki's side.

"Little sister… Do you mind explaining to me what is going on?"

A question asked with a forced tone. Yuki turned, and there she saw her sister, barely managing to hold together her composure. She could almost see the many thoughts that were racing in her sister's mind, questions piling upon further questions, as she was undoubtedly forced to reexamine every single strange thing that they had talked about - including what they were saying right now.

Unfortunately for her, before Yuki could explain - the next thing that happened made everything worse.

"Welp! Honestly, I don't wanna wait when there's someone who needs rescuing, so I'll be heading out, alright?" Rias unfurled her wings and hovered above the ground. "I'll see you later, Yuki-chan, Basa-kun. I'll go and scout the place first—Huh?"

It was then that Rias blinked in surprise and Yuki's eyes widened. Basa-kun, always trying to act cool, meanwhile just raised a brow in response.

All of that was nothing in comparison to her sister's reaction. It was a very familiar expression, especially since she remembered making the same one in her mirror a long time ago. It was almost nostalgic really.

After all, that was the same face she made when she discovered the existence of the supernatural.

"S-S-She's flying…!?" her sister stuttered out.

Her sister paled as she looked at Rias, expression looking shocked and composure truly broken. Yuki was almost feeling the same even if it weren't for the same reasons.

It was one thing to hear that her sister had seen Basa-kun fight, but actually witnessing the supernatural is something else entirely. And one with a clear conclusion at that.

—Somehow, her sister must have gone meta.

How did it happen? And why? Does it have something to do with the location, since this was the same place where she 'awakened'? Or is it something else? And how does that connect into being Basa-kun's heroine? D-Does that mean she's also a love interest…?

The questions and implications she had thought earlier returned, this time with much more intensity. But before she could lose herself amongst the complicated feelings that were starting to overwhelm her - a sudden voice interjected.

"Hold on for a moment." Basa-kun stated, interrupting her thoughts.

While her sister still stared at Rias in shock, he then outstretched his hand and brought something out of subspace. It was a cube of some sort - Yuki didn't recognize it, but she could tell that whatever it is, it was clearly some sort of extremely advanced technology.

Without explanation Basa-kun dropped it into the ground, and there it started to transform, for lack of a better word. The cube started to morph and then collapse in itself, twisting its own dimensions and making a loud keening noise, until it somehow flattened and turned into what was likely a rectangular portal to… somewhere.

It was definitely a fascinating sight. And to a mundane person, it would be just as shocking as seeing a person grow wings and float above ground. After all, it was sci-fi technology in action.

"…"

Except… her sister didn't even comment on it. Despite the fact that the loud, keening noise would've snapped someone out of their daze, her sister's trance was somehow so deep that she didn't even take a single glance at it. In fact, she didn't even show any indication that she noticed it at all.

As if something had contrived it to be so.

Yuki blinked again. T-This is…

"Hm. False alarm." Basa-kun muttered, before heading towards the portal. "Okay. Guess I'll go now as well. See ya."

Almost as if he doesn't want to be bothered dealing with it, the man entered the portal and left, with it closing behind him shortly and leaving no trace of it behind. Yuki was left staring at the spot, slightly shocked at how sudden he had left.

Rias was also sporting a similar expression, looking at the spot Basa-kun and left and to her sister. Then, the redhead gave Yuki an unsure smile.

"U-Umm… Wow! He actually got there earlier than me. I should also go now." she said, awkwardly. "A-Anyway! Best of luck explaining things to your sister, Yuki!"

And after saying that, with a single flap of her wings - the girl ascended up high and disappeared into the clouds, heading towards her destination by air.

Leaving Yuki and her sister alone with a bunch of unconscious delinquents in the park.

Her brow twitched. Those two… it seems like they really left her alone to deal with this.

"Yuki." her sister whispered, looking up above the clouds. "Just what sort of thing did you involve yourself in?"

Yuki closed her eyes and sighed.

Indeed, this was going to be a pain to explain. With how her sister is, she's probably going to get grilled with as much information that she could. She's also not going to leave her alone, despite the fact that Yuki would be doing something important that would quite literally affect the entire world.

She might as well have received the world's greatest distraction at this point.

Here's to hoping the others fared better than she did.

…

…

Yuki paused.

Ah… that was definitely a flag, wasn't it?


Somewhere near Sainan High.

In what appears to be a normal neighborhood - a different sort of occasion was happening between a different pair of sisters. Both who are very unique in their own way in comparison to the rest of the world, even by the standards of an anime bullshit setting.

"Hahaha…! You really haven't lost your touch, nee-san! And here I thought you turned for the worse when you decided to stay on this backwater planet!"

One of said sisters was a redheaded girl whose hair was tied into a long ponytail. She looked much like an ordinary girl - if it weren't for the fact that she was dressed in dark garbs that showed off too much skin, making one wonder if she was dressing up as some sexy grim reaper.

And perhaps also due to the fact that her hair somehow morphed into a futuristic projectile weapon. One that was glowing with power and hummed with foreign energies which could potentially disintegrate her opponents in a single shot.


Spoiler

However, despite the fact that she could - she hadn't. Or perhaps she wasn't able to do so. Whatever the reason though, it's because of the one person fighting her.

"…Noisy."

The other girl's sister had golden blonde hair partially tied with ponytails. And much like the redhead, the blonde was dressed too in a dark outfit, even if it didn't show as much skin as the other one. Although unlike her sister, the blonde didn't yield a futuristic weapon… though her hair did form blades around her, undulating as if alive.

And judging by the large slashes that marked the concrete around the neighborhood, along with the bit of blood that was dripping from the redhead - all of it seems to point that the blonde girl was responsible for it, and that she was winning in their exchange.


Spoiler

It was a fight between two sisters.

Yet, it was nothing but a greeting for the two of them. An unconventional greeting, but then again, there's nothing conventional about these two.

Because if one were to be aware of their reputation out there in space… Then one can immediately say that these two are alien bioweapons. Deadly mercenaries, known as two of the most dangerous beings present in the galaxy.

—Or allegedly, at least. There's no shortage of powerful people in the world, after all.

"Haha… looks like that attitude of yours didn't change as well, huh?" the redhead muttered with a smile. "You're the same as ever… but it's clear that there's something you've lost."

The blonde stared at her without a change in expression - before her minutely widened, as the redhead approached her in a burst of speed that it almost looked like she moved in an instant.

"—!?"

The redhead's hair transformed into a blade-like weapon much like the blonde, except instead of it appearing like bladed hair appendages - it appeared as a monstrous looking sword that she wielded with both hands.

Sparks appeared between the bladed weapons, and the blonde disengaged. The redhead charged towards her, dodging the bladed hair appendages and made strikes of her own.

"Your killer instinct! Your bloodlust! Your willingness to kill!" the redhead shouted with manic glee. "You've clearly gone soft, dear sister! Has this planet changed you so much that you'd think you're nothing other than a weapon, oh legendary mercenary!?"

The blonde grit her teeth. "...Shut up…"

"If it were the old you, then you would have sliced me and this whole place into shreds in a single blink!" the redhead shouted. "Why are you trying to deny your true nature, sister? You weren't made to act this way!"

"I told you to shut up!"

In her heated cry, the blonde's hair seemingly responded, turning much more sharper and swiping everything around her. That made the redhead jump back, dodging the much more lethal attack and leaving her unharmed.

The same, however, didn't apply to the surroundings. With that attack, the houses near them and the street they're in ended up mangled, cut by hair which turned monomolecular blades, and caused the structure's cut off parts to slide off itself and crash.

The blonde's eyes widened, looking at the destruction that she caused. "N-No…"

"Oh? That was pretty good! So am I finally getting through?" the redhead said with a grin. "Exactly like that! Just continue that and you'll be fine!"

The blonde closed her eyes. "…I don't want to do this anymore, Mea."

Her words made the redhead's grin disappear. "Again? Hahh…" she sighed. "Does this planet make people lose their spines or something? If that's how it's going to be, then fine."

The redhead's hair transformed once more. But this time, instead of turning into another blade or a futuristic weapon - it turned into large pillar-like structures that surrounded her. Those strange structures glowed with energy, and one familiar enough with the sci-fi genre can recognize them at first glance.

Those were fin funnels, a powerful weapon system that only the most advanced mechs in this century can offer. And somehow, the redhead alien created it with only her hair, energy output steadily rising until it got to the point that it has enough energy to obliterate the entire neighborhood in a single volley.

The blonde's eyes narrowed. "Mea…!"

"Sorry, sister. But you've forced my hand." the redhead stated. "Originally I didn't want to do this, but I've seen other aliens here who seem to be in the same state as you. Powerful races who I would think twice engaging, yet seemingly acting so docile. I would've been fascinated… if it weren't for the fact that my sister was one of them."

That made the girl pause. "Others…? What others?"

The redhead looked at her sister questioningly. "Oh, you didn't notice them? I guess you've lost some of your touch. Then again, I guess I can't blame you completely for that? I only encountered them out of sheer luck myself."

Then, she shook her head.

"But that's not what matters now. I've come here to accomplish a mission - and that is to return you from who you once were." the girl stated. "All you can do is to make a choice, sister. You value this place, don't you? There are people in this area you're protecting… What happens if I blew up the entire place, I wonder?"

"I won't let you."

"Well, you'd have to take me more seriously then. The only way to stop me would be to cut me down."

The blonde frowned, staring at her sister with a strange gaze.

"...You'd truly go that far? Just for this?"

The redhead's answer was a simple smile. "Anything to accomplish a mission, sister. I am, of course, nothing but a professional." Then, the glowing of the fin funnels intensified. "Now, what is it going to be? Will you stop me? Or will you let me destroy what you hold 'dear'?"

Once more, the blonde hesitated. "I…"

The redhead's smile turned into a ferocious grin.

"The clock is ticking." the fins locked onto a random direction. "Let's see… is the house you're protecting here? Bam."

The blonde's eyes widened, and she quickly dashed between the particle beam that shot out of the redhead's fin funnels. Her hair formed a protective shield around her, making the beam strike it…

—Boom!

Before it ended in a final explosion. A cloud of smoke, dust and debris was kicked up - and right in the middle of it was the blonde, looking slightly singed.

"Oh? Guess, that's not the place then. You're not that desperate to protect it." the redhead said with a thoughtful noise before looking somewhere behind the blonde. "Maybe in this direction? Or there? I wonder where…? Oh well."

"Stop it, Mea!" the blonde shouted, looking truly angered now.

"You do it, sister. You stop me. Or else I won't." Her fin funnels then spread out in different directions. "And this time, there will be no third option."

The weapons glowed with energy. And being aimed in different directions - there was no way to block it like earlier. Separate fin funnels also seem to be dedicated to producing a barrier around her, making it not easy to just shoot at the weapons to stop the attack.

The blonde grit her teeth, mind racing.

A moral dilemma. Between two people a person considers important, which of them should a person choose? It was an unfair question, as it would always result in pain to the person who decides the choice, no matter what.

However this was supposed to be a lighthearted setting, even if there is some action mixed in it. And while things have intensified due to strange circumstances… it remains true that things won't devolve into a tragedy, changing the entire genre drastically.

The world saves the sad stuff for the sad stories, and the happy stuff on happy ones. A straightforward line of logic.

So in the end, what would be the narrative's answer to this unfair question? Like an author being forced to address something controversial and couldn't provide any actual solid answer without ruffling some feathers, the answer was very simple.

—It was a rejection of the question entirely.

Five shots echoed through the street, making both alien bioweapons stiffen. Bullets whizzed past somewhere behind the blonde and towards the redhead.

And then, instead of getting blocked by the defensive barrier - the bullets simply passed through it, before finding purchase at the fin funnels, causing them to explode and make her hair unravel.

The two sister's eyes widened, but then there was a final shot. This time it was aimed right at the redhead directly. The girl disengaged, making a completely unnecessary and showy backflip to dodge the bullet aimed right at her forehead.

Then she landed on the ground, staring at the direction where the bullet came from.

"Who's there?" the girl demanded as her hair reformed into a bladed weapon.

There was no answer. However, footsteps echoed somewhere behind the blonde. Both sisters turned their attention to the new arrival, and there, they saw another blonde who carried a gun with her.

She was human. Yet, there was something about her that made the two alien bioweapons pause. The first was the unmistakable aura of danger around her, but the second…

"A-A maid…?"

…It was because of her strange clothing, wearing a maid outfit of all things.

Nevertheless, the woman stepped up right beside her fellow blonde, calmly reloading her gun.

Then, the woman spoke.

"Excuse me," she stated. "But damage to private property is against Earth's laws."

Then, she pointed her gun at the redhead.


Spoiler

"Please respect our planet's customs next time."


I shall shamelessly shill shlike shlalways. If you find my stupid stories entertaining and you're interested for more, please check out my patreon. I got up to 10 advanced chapters there on all my active stories. Plus a new one on the works.

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtows
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Daimon Agafo, leks and 897 others
Skrubchap
May 3, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 29 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
May 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,246
It's been a busy week, and I completely forgot the people who supported me because of it. I rubbed my head on the ground in penance. I will not be repeating that mistake again.


Chapter 29

In a certain house within a neighborhood, a strange conflict was unfolding.

"Rito-kun, where are you going!? It's dangerous!"

"P-Please let me go, Momo-san! Yami-san is… she is…!"

Right in front of the house were two people who were in the middle of a 'struggle'. It was a bit too one-sided to be labeled a fight. In fact, it looked more like a subdual, with one of them pinning down the other to the ground to prevent them from moving.

Said person being pinned down was a boy. With brown hair and a slightly short stature - he was someone who has the appearance of someone that, while looking kinda attractive, would become utterly unremarkable if put in a crowd of people.

That said despite his lack of uniqueness, this boy currently wants nothing more than to risk his own life just to save someone. He may not look like anything special - but it was clear that his courage, bravery, and heart of gold shines brighter than anything else.

In short, he was a person deserving the title of the average harem protagonist.


Spoiler

"We need to help her!" the protagonist shouted. "I saw her getting attacked and—"

"And what? If you get there you'll just be on the way! So just stay here and sit still!"

"—Owowow, Momo-san, that hurts!"

However, despite his great attitude, the fact remains that he was a completely mundane human. He was much weaker than a normal human in fact, because being a person living in a first world country meant that he didn't really experience much hardship or had to do much physical things aside from the occasional sports, and as such he couldn't really do anything when it comes to a fight.

And it was also that reason why he was completely subdued by a girl his age despite the fact that he could, in theory, throw her off quite easily if she tried to pin him into a hold.

…That said, even if he was a bit more on the physical side it still wouldn't result in anything. Because the girl was also anything normal.

After all, she was an alien.


Spoiler

"Oh, sorry." the pink-haired girl said, removing her hold on him. "Anyway, you can't go there Rito-kun! I want to help as well, but those two are super dangerous alien mercenaries. We can't just go there all willy-nilly! You could get killed!"

The boy looked hesitant. "B-But… we can't just leave Yami-san alone."

"I know. That's why I called Lala-onee-sama earlier. She just finished dealing with those weird Serpo aliens that caused some trouble downtown, so she's going to help Yami-san once she arrives!" the girl reassured him. "Though, she did lose quite a lot of energy dealing with them and had to take the bus. She's hurrying as fast as she can though."

"—Momo-san, it takes at least thirty minutes to get here from downtown! By the time Lala-san arrives everything would already be over!"

The girl blinked.

"Naniii!?" the pink-haired girl shouted, instantly losing her cool. "W-W-What should we do!? That means it's completely up to us, isn't it!? Does that mean we should go there right now!?"

"That's exactly what I've been saying, Momo-san!"

"No, wait. Let's calm down!" the pink-haired girl shouted again, making the boy stop. "As I said, we can't just go there all willy-nilly. We need a plan or else we'll just be dragging Yami down as she fights! That's right, with my Devilukean strength and ability to summon plants, along with Rito-kun's smarts, we should be able to beat those guys known to assassinate the galaxy's strongest…!"

The girl trailed off.

There was a poignant pause that followed.

"…Rito-kun. I don't think we can help here." the girl concluded.

"—You gave up way too fast!" the boy retorted instantly as he stood up. "I thought you Devilukeans are like the Yasain aliens in Dragon's Ball? Don't you guys like to fight and all that!?"

"Well I can't help it, Rito-kun! I enjoy a good fight like the next guy, but it's different when there's stakes involved!" she cried out. "And opponents like Yami and her self-proclaimed sister are tricky to deal with! What good is a strong punch or shooting a beam gonna do when they can create whatever with their hair? And that sister of hers isn't like Yami where she's limited with simple stuff! She could just make something like a particle accelerator and make this place go boom!"
"T-That's…" the boy hesitated, before speaking once more. "Momo-san, isn't there something that we can do here? M-Maybe we could use one of Lala-san's tech lying around or something to help. Leaving Yami-san alone is just…!"

That made the pink-haired girl look thoughtful.

"I suppose we can. Maybe onee-sama has some stuff where they could be prevented from utilizing their own tech. Still, that would require me fighting them physically, and while I might be strong I'm not as strong as onee-sama so I can't go toe-to-toe with those two. Those two didn't earn their reputations for nothing."

The sound of a distant explosion punctuated her words. The two turned to look at the direction of where the fight would be, making them gain pensive looks.

"They're not planning to put up barriers to lessen the collateral damage. With the way things are going to go…"

The protagonist uttered those words darkly. Judging by the pink-haired alien's expression darkened as well, it was clear that the both of them were thinking of something bad.

However, before they could do anything - a voice interrupted their thoughts.

"—Momo-san! Rito-kun! You're safe!"

The two turned to the side.

And there they saw a strange sight.

A car was heading towards their house. That was usually nothing out of the ordinary, but on this particular occasion, something about the car had caught their eye. It was jet-black, sleek and professional-looking - the very look of a car that a high-ranking VIP would ride on.

The fact that it's heading in their direction causes some concern. That said, seeing the person inside who greeted them with a wave, made those feelings disappear quickly.

"Run-san!?" the boy cried out in surprise.

The car stopped right in front of the house and the person quickly got out. It was a girl with green hair that was also their age - a cute girl, and if one were to be aware of talents around Japan, then they would quickly recognize her as one of the promising idol talents of today's generation.

Oh, and she was also an alien of course.


Spoiler

"Yep yep! Run is here to visit~!" the girl said, posing cutely as she greeted them. "I didn't see you guys today in school today, so I wanted to see what's up!"

Her cheery greeting was met with panic from the boy. "H-How did you get here, Run-san? It's dangerous! Yami-san and her sister are—!"

"Fighting? Yes, I saw." the idol frowned, staring in the same direction they heard the explosion. "We took a detour when we noticed the battle. They're really making a mess of things, aren't they? And I don't think they're planning to bring up a barrier either…"

"It's a good thing that most people are at work or are in school at this hour." Momo stated. "However there's always a chance that there's someone here in the neighborhood who would get hurt. Run-san, if you would, can you assist us in defeating Yami's sister? You should still have that battle suit with you, right?"

The idol glanced behind her. "I do, but…"

The boy and girl noticed her hesitation. "Run-san?"

"W-Well… you see, there's—"

"There's no need for you to fight."

The both of them stiffened. It wasn't the idol who answered, but rather someone else. They turned to the direction of the voice and there they saw that the other door to the car opened, revealing the driver who stepped out.

And there the boy and girl were greeted with the sight of someone they had never seen before - a very beautiful woman who was sharply dressed, carrying an air of reassurance and professionalism around her. The both of them stared at her, completely surprised.

"Hello everyone. Please calm down." the woman greeted them. "There's no need to worry about the fight. My colleague will be dealing with them shortly, after all."

Then the woman gave them an enigmatic smile.


Spoiler

"For now, why don't the four of us talk inside? I'd like to ask you guys some questions."


"—What is this? Who are you?"

V watched the alien right in front of her.

A closed body language along with a slight tensing of posture. A minute twitching on her face, as she tried to keep her expression neutral instead of falling into a frown.

Her opponent clearly regarded her with a moderate amount of caution, thinking of her as someone potentially dangerous - but that was clearly nothing in comparison to the other emotion that she was feeling.

An incredible sense of confusion. After all, in her perspective, she was just facing a normal human. Weak beings in comparison to the rest of what dwells in the galaxy. So for a human to face her and make her instincts flare up like this… It is unthinkable.

Or at least, that is what her general impression should be.

—Which was precisely what the effect that V wanted to make.

V lowered the output of the imitation aura that horror monsters let out, eventually letting it dissipate as it was entirely replaced by the true feelings of her opponent. The world tried to rationalize the brief pang of fear that the alien felt as her fighter's instinct - which means in the eyes of the story, V was someone formidable.

"Not answering, huh?" the alien muttered after she let the question hang. "How strange. You're human and yet you feel strong. And those words… I thought that Earth was unaware about other aliens, but it seems that I was mistaken."

V didn't answer, letting her form her own conclusions. Instead, she watched the redhead's movements carefully while keeping her gun aimed at her steadily.

And right beside her, the other alien present spoke up.

"Are you an ally?"

V glanced at the other alien beside her for a moment. Her expression showed similar caution to her like the other redhead alien. However, unlike the other - the blonde's caution was slightly muted, likely because of the fact that her intervention had spared her from a difficult decision.

This time, instead of ignoring the question, V answered and nodded her head.

"Yes. I am." she stated.

"…I see."

That made the blonde girl relax a bit as she accepted her help. Then she nodded in a similar manner as V did. Strangely however, as that happened, the redhead's eyes widened as she looked between the two of them with something akin to fascination.

"Eh? What's this? Now that I look at it closely, aren't they kinda similar…?" the redhead muttered to herself. "Did they try to make a clone of nee-san in… No, she's clearly human. No doubt about that. Weird."

Then after saying that strange remark, the girl sighed and made her hair transform once more. It turned into a large blade, where it immediately fell and cracked the ground next to her. The redhead then grasped the pommel of the blade.

"Right." she stated. "I don't really know what you want, but if you want to get between us…"

She dashed towards her, sword in hand.

"—Then you better get ready!"

V tensed.

Her enemy was fast and strong. The distance between them, which was at the very least fifteen meters, was crossed in just a blink. V dodged the blade that was swung towards her which easily sliced through the concrete she was standing on, and she counterattacked by shooting back with her pistol.

Bang bang!

Instead of blocking the magic-infused bullets like last time however, the redhead simply dodged it with superhuman grace and reflexes. But before she could do anything else - she also had to deal with bladed hair appendages from the other alien which moved to stab her, causing her to swing her blade to block them and make sparks appear.

V used the opportunity to attack her, continuing to shoot her pistol.

"Tch!" the redhead dodged the bullet that would've pierced her abdomen, drawing blood slightly. "Annoying!"

She grabbed her blade with both hands and swung around, throwing the bladed hair off course, and she used that small opportunity to attack V. The redhead's large blade turned more into a blur that sliced the surroundings as the alien attempted to dice her into pieces.

V had to use reinforcement on her eyes, brain and body just to keep up. Seeing as the fight was now close quarters - after dodging a vertical slice by sidestepping, V also used the opportunity to bring out a weapon on her thigh strap underneath her frilly skirt: a knife, which she twirled into a reverse grip before quickly going for a stab.

The redhead's large blade was useless at such a close range and she was reduced to using her fists. V's attempts to slash and stab were stopped by arm blocks, parries and attempts to grapple, and there were some instances that the redhead was able to have enough breathing room to attack. And in a particular split-second moment, there was an opportunity for the redhead's hair to reach from behind her and form sharp points, before going for a stab.

"—!?"

However, a single slash from V's knife caused those hairs to get cut. That simple act somehow made the redhead's eyes turn wide, and the alien quickly retracted her hair and continued fighting her with fists instead.

But the situation didn't get any better. As they fought, V was quickly able to come out on top of the exchange when the redhead ended up directly striking her in the face with a roundhouse kick.

"Kgh—!"

That strike caused the redhead to grunt in pain and become slightly unbalanced enough to start falling on her back - however, V knew better than to be fooled. She quickly ducked and avoided the large blade that would've lopped her upper body off.

At the same time, the redhead alien's unbalanced fall quickly transitioned into a backflip which she used to gain distance. And after doing that and standing straight once more, she gripped her sword once more, staring at V analytically.

V did the same, standing straight from her crouching position.

—All of that occurred within the span of ten seconds.

"Not bad." the girl muttered, nursing the cheek where she was hit. V had hit with enough force to break a mech's chassis, but as expected it didn't damage her much. "I didn't think that a human would be able to do those moves. I felt it earlier, but… I guess you really are strong."

Her words felt like she was someone pleasantly surprised. However, the expression she showed was anything but. The redhead stared at her with caution, clearly mentally evaluating her as a potential danger into someone who really is dangerous.

"…"

And near V, her fellow blonde was staring at the same way. In particular, her attention was focused on the gun and the knife on her hands, which had clearly displayed the ability to shoot through and cut their hair without issue.

It was clear that they were concerned with the weapons that she wielded. During her brief exchange with the redhead alien, she was able to cast a structural analysis spell on the alien and determine how exactly they worked. V wasn't nearly educated enough in biology to recognize everything that she learned, but she was able to know that the presence of microscopic inorganic objects coursing through within their body was not natural.

Nanotechnology.

She was aware of the sci-fi concept, being a common tech to appear like mechs, since she had to familiarize herself with the subject as she thought it was prudent to learn about her enemies back when she overturned the Westalis government.

Perhaps it was supposed to be invincible. Or at least very hard to destroy. Those machines had the ability to create anything by virtually imitating any material property. So the fact that bullets and a knife can do it was disturbing for them.

Her weapons are enchanted prior to this after all. Magic and sci-fi systems don't usually mesh well together, and due to the unexplained phenomena - it was magic that usually comes at the top. One of the spells (likely anti-magic/nullification) must have caused this effect.

"How fascinating." the redhead muttered, clearly evaluating a more cautious approach. Her hair also transformed into a futuristic gun instead, showing what she planned to do now. "How very fascinating."

In any case, once more V was regarded as a formidable opponent. Due to the combination of everything from the moment she arrived, along with the mysteriousness surrounding her and her weapons, she was being treated as the most dangerous being in the room.

"…!"

The fight began once more. Whipping her gun up, the redhead began shooting her without warning. V was forced to dodge as energy blasts came forth from the redhead's futuristic gun which caused where it hit explosions, turning the unfortunate (but unmanned) structures around them into a molten slag.

The blonde alien prevented the stray energy blasts from hitting anything by using her hair. Her hair also extended towards the redhead to attempt stabbing her again. The redhead avoided it nimbly, but the lapse of attention gave V the opportunity to get close again.

She ran forward, slid, and ran on top of the blonde hair appendages that stabbed towards the redhead, bringing her gun up and shooting as well. The single bullet she shot hit the alien's gun, making it turn back into hair once more - but it quickly reformed into a thin sword, which the alien grabbed as she turned to her.

"Haa—!" the redhead shouted as she dashed and slashed with her sword.

V met it with her knife. There was a loud clang as nanomachine-transformed metal met with magic-infused steel, and the redhead's momentum stopped V on her tracks. Her knife again cracked her nanomachine blade due to working beyond what mundane physics had to offer - but beyond that, it seemed to hold.

A glint appeared in the redhead's eyes. She must have done something.

For a literal moment they stayed in that position, exerting their strength to one another as sparks appeared between their weapons. V also had to exert plenty of effort as what felt like a thousand ton weight had dropped itself above her. But before she could quickly get crushed - the alien disengaged to deal with the other blonde who moved in to strike as well.

The redhead grit her teeth, meeting her sister's eye as the blonde formed more bladed appendages behind her. Then, they quickly engaged in close combat which turned into a barely coherent blur.

V, meanwhile, helped on the side by shooting the redhead. She also reflected on her earlier attack as she did so, judging that it was an unwise move and adjusting her angle for the next one.

—After all, she really wasn't the most dangerous being in the fight.

In truth, she was the weakest person here. These two aliens were clearly capable of doing physical feats that she would have a hard time doing. As seen just now, their strength was far beyond she could compete with. Magecraft gave her an edge - but if these two were to go all out, then she would find herself quickly overwhelmed.

From what information she had gathered with Aoki, this setting was quite similar to Rias'. If her friend used to belong in an action story with harems, then this was a harem story with battles. There was a focus more on the relationships but there was still plenty of action involved. The scale of destruction was quite similar as well.

She wasn't as strong as Rias to fully overwhelm them with sheer firepower. In fact, the situation was similar to her dealing with the demon back in the Westalis Imperial Palace. However, compared to last time, V did have something that they couldn't deal with: Her weapons could easily bridge the gap and deal damage to them, and also, despite the fact that they're physically superior to V in every way…


Spoiler

…It was very apparent to her that this was more about showmanship than actually fighting.

Basa had discussed this. In this world, realism is a scale. In some settings, what can be considered as dramatic or visually appealing is chosen over what realistically occurs. This 'rule of cool' can be observed in all facets of life: from mundane actions, conversations and, of course, fights.

The way V interpreted her reality is different. Her life had none of these things. Which is why looking at how they fight right now - it was, in her opinion, very silly.

After all, for this setting, it wasn't just about this rule of cool as well - there's also a rule to seemingly show as much skin and underwear as possible. A 'rule of lewd', as it were.

Their movement was fast and fluid. And yet, there were so many wasted movements. Their physical strength makes them compensate by moving fast but otherwise it just appears showy. Both redhead and the blonde alien even seem to be so fond of spinning and flipping, showing off their panties and making their breasts shake exaggeratedly in each movement, as well as giving V so many chances to reposition herself while her opponent took her eyes off her.

In those moments, V had managed to avoid many of the attacks that she likely had no chance of surviving if she got hit. It was a dance of death, where one mistake could cost her life.

But she was used to that. That was how she had always fought, after all.

And so, the fight continued.

—She shot, stabbed and struck while aiming right at the alien's eyes, privates, and other vital areas.

—She threw explosives and stun grenades, uncaring of the damage to the (unmanned) houses around them.

—She kept throwing her off by utilizing a variety of martial art techniques and magecraft spells, which they rationalized as her skill or due to her weapon.

V went on to use all the dirty tricks and gain any advantage that she could while capitalizing on the redhead's mistakes. She didn't go for a complete beatdown, but she did cause quite a bit of damage while the redhead focused on the other blonde.

"Ita—! Why the hell do you keep hitting me in the face!?"

And as she did that, she made sure to keep occasional contact on her head while she casted a certain spell in increments. Doing it with blows were especially effective, but V does need to take special care while casting it, or else she'll make a mistake.

However, she was confident with her skills. Her target didn't even notice that there was something amiss. And so V continued fighting, until finally—

"Ahh, mou! You're really annoying!" the redhead cried out in genuine frustration at her after dodging her attempt to strike her. "I'm trying to do my mission here! Go away, will you!?"

—With that cry, the girl then jumped away from her sister before transforming her hair once more. This time, instead of turning into a blade or some other futuristic ground - the redhead's hair simply stabbed into the ground, where it started to change.

Strange lines ran through the ground around her up until it reached V's position, eerily similar to the lines made whenever she activated her magic circuits. Her instincts immediately warned her of something coming and V immediately moved to avoid getting caught in whatever it was.

However, instead of getting attacked, the ground around her morphed instead. In a ring formation the ground rose and quickly closed up around, trapping her in a dome before she could react. V stopped as she was covered in darkness and as the strange lines disappeared from the ground.

Then she quickly did the next logical thing.

—Bang bang!

She aimed her gun at the dome and shot it. Sparks appeared as the bullet hit the dome, and V realized that at some point the ground it was made of turned into some sort of hard sci-fi material instead of asphalt. It also wasn't composed of the hair of the alien, so shooting it didn't cause the whole thing to turn back into what it was.

It seems the redhead transmuted the road to become a cage for her. And despite being inside it, she heard the alien speak from the outside as she explained the situation.

"You're wondering how I managed to trap you, right?" the alien's words echoed. "What strange weapons you have, for it to disrupt my hair's function whenever it gets hit directly. Still, I noticed that for some reason your gun would still get stopped by the mundane material around the place. That means if a material is free from the influence of my nanomachines, it wouldn't be as effective."

V was silent and just used her magical senses to have a general idea of what was happening outside. It seems that the redhead was now floating above ground with strange levitation technology, while the blonde alien was right beside the dome, perhaps trying to think of a way to help her while also keeping an eye on the redhead.

"I'm curious how your weapon works… but I guess I'll get back to you later. For now I have a mission to deal with." the girl continued. "Now, sister, with that annoying distraction dealt with, I think we can go back to our previous question. And this time there's no more delaying it, since I'm sure where the house you're protecting is."

The redhead then flew through the sky towards the direction of the story's protagonist.

"—Let's see if you can still do anything without hurting anyone once I get there, sister! See ya!" she laughed.

The blonde looked panicked at the possibility. However, before she could fully leave, the blonde hesitated for a moment, turning to V's direction.

She wanted none of that. That would jeopardize her mission.

"Go ahead." V simply stated. "I can get out of this on my own."

With her statement, her fellow blonde nodded and quickly went on to follow the redhead, jumping across the rooftops to quickly catch up with her. V felt their presence grow faint as they left her range.

Then they finally disappeared. And at that point, V relaxed slightly.

…It seems that she was successful planting the idea into her head. The hypnosis went smoothly.

It was clever to trap V and deal with her later. However, while the redhead thought of the mechanism on how to do it, the truth was V planted the idea in her head in the first place. She was also the one to plant the idea of where the location of the protagonist might be and the choice to go there physically instead of, say, shooting the location much like earlier.

After all, the answer to dealing with this particular situation isn't by defeating her opponent.

Letting out an exhale, V counted for thirty seconds or so inside the dome. And then after reaching thirty, she reached for something inside her subspace. It was a familiar device - the one she had used to call for reinforcements last time when she had fought for the demon in the Westalis Imperial Palace.

But this time, she didn't use it to call for reinforcement. Instead, she simply used the portal function. She stepped through the portal that materialized inside the dome and the moment she stepped on the other side, she was instantly transported to the location near Aoki.

She was now right outside the residence of the protagonist. A quick look showed that the house, which had an impressive futuristic barrier and other defenses, now had a large hole on the side as all of said defenses were seemingly destroyed.

And V had a direct sight of what's happening inside.

"—Aaaahh!?"

"—W-Where did she come from!?"

"—Yami-san!?"

"—Oh my."

Almost comedically contrasting with the chaos that was happening outside, the people inside the house looked like they were just enjoying a nice talk while drinking tea. The peace was destroyed now however, with the protagonist and the two girls who likely belonged in his harem reacted with surprise at the presence of the intruder and her fellow blonde.

"So this is the place you were so desperate to protect, nee-san? " the redhead stated curiously. "What made you want to stop your mission here? And here I thought there would be something special. It's just a couple humans and… Eh? A Devilukean and Memorzorian? Well, whatever."

Her fellow blonde tensed, looking undecisive as usual. However, a dark look appeared in her eyes.

"Mea… stop. Please." she warned. "I won't let you hurt them."

"And we won't let you hurt ourselves either!" the pink-haired alien declared, standing up along with the other green-haired girl and getting into a fighting stance. "If you want a fight, then we'll give you one!"

"Haha! I like the spirit of this one! Let's see if you can deal with me, then!" the redhead said with a ferocious grin, and her hair transformed into a bladed weapon once more. "So what's it gonna be nee-chan!?"

"—Kill me or let me kill them! Your decision!"

The redhead jumped towards them, intent to cut them down. Almost simultaneously, the blonde closed her eyes and rushed to her sister along with the rest of the aliens inside the house. The immediate future appeared to be a three-way clash between all the aliens as everything devolved into combat.

But what they didn't expect was a fifth person to join in.

It wasn't V, who simply stood outside watching. Instead it came in the form of Aoki, who was relatively calm despite everything that happened, standing up and going behind the protagonist who was watching with a shocked expression.

"Time to end this, boy." Aoki stated while everyone was talking, making the protagonist blink. "Ei—!"

Then, she pushed him right into the redhead, who was closer to them than the others.

"—Aah!"

Every alien blinked in surprise as the protagonist crashed earlier into the redhead than anyone else. The fact that he wasn't sliced into pieces was anyone's guess. An in-story explanation would likely be because he was weaker than anyone else which makes him harder to notice, but it's simply because of the fact that the protagonist's plot armor was strong. Either way, he was able to reach the redhead because of it.

This fight had turned serious at some point. And this story, at its core, was a 'harem ecchi' story. By its nature it was never meant to be serious since its purpose was to appeal to a young male audience's base urges, and adding things like fights with serious stakes takes away from that.

So to fix that, what does the story do to make things interesting again?

It was just to add something lewd in the mix.

Or at least, that was what Aoki had stated to her. She said she knew the best when it comes to lewd stuff, after all.

"Mmph!?"

Nevertheless - in an act of extreme cosmic coincidence, Aoki's push somehow made the protagonist crash into the redhead just at the right angle for him to kiss the alien right into her lips while also touching her breast. Both of their eyes widened, and the both of them dropped on the floor holding that same position together.

There was a pause where every person besides V and Aoki stared in complete shock at what happened.

Then the protagonist, realizing his position, quickly removed his lips from hers and tried to stand up.

"I-I'm sorry—!"

However his hand was right on top of the girl's breast, and standing up meant exerting strength on it. The girl's breast squished as his movement caused it to do so, and the girl let out an unexpected reaction.

"Hyaan~!?"

The girl moaned. Once more, everyone stopped, most of all the protagonist who looked at her in surprise. Even the redhead herself looked shocked at what she just did, looking wide-eyed at what just happened.

And then, despite how unrealistic it was for it to occur in a normal situation, much less during a true fight - what followed was the girl's face flushed red just like the shade of her hair as she was filled with embarrassment, shame, and perhaps something else.

"L-Let go of me you perveeeeert!" she shouted.

"—Gffough!"

The redhead slapped the boy off her, with the protagonist getting launched away from the hit and hitting the wall with a splat. Despite the strength of the slap, there was no blood at all, and it signified that the narrative had transitioned the atmosphere from a serious fight and into a comedic slapstick violence.

The redhead then stood up, redfaced still, while also holding her breast defensively. She stared at the protagonist with a strange expression before turning to the rest of the people inside the house.

There she witnessed the disbelieving expression of the other aliens. Then, she also spotted V right outside. At that moment, it was clear that she was hopelessly outnumbered, and along with the comedic atmosphere that signified the end of the fight - there was only one conclusion to it all.

After all, with every development that had happened, and with the 'antagonist' being a female in an ecchi anime, what else would this little part of the story be besides an introduction of a new heroine?

"I'll never forget this humiliation!" the redhead shouted, quickly jumping outside and flying away. "I'll pay you back for thiiiis!!!"

Everyone looked on in surprise as the girl left in a fluster.

"Ah! She ran away!"

"Get back here!"

The pink-haired and green-haired alien shouted that in surprise. Meanwhile, her fellow blonde simply relaxed, her hair losing structure as it went back to normal while she watched her sister disappear.

"…Mea." the girl whispered.

V entered the house calmly at that point, gaining the attention of everyone.

"Good work." she stated.

"E-Eh? A maid?" the pink-haired alien muttered in confusion. "What…?"

And so, with that girl finally taken care of, the tension had slowly left as the fight was now over. Now all that was left was the destruction that they'll deal with after this, along with a very confused alien who was staring at V as if she was an extraterrestrial creature.

But their work isn't done. There was still more work to do.

…Time to move on to the next part of the operation.


"—Both of you, thank you so much for the help!"

Things had significantly calmed down after the redhead alien had left. There was still a large hole right in the house which exposed the living room outside, but it doesn't seem to be much of a bother considering it could be easily fixed with the alien's advanced technology.

The protagonist was also currently unconscious. Despite being unhurt from the previous slapstick comedy, perhaps there were still some realistic effects that persisted due to the weight of the kissing scene. As such the protagonist was currently lying down on the floor, being tended to by the green-haired alien.

As for the pink-haired alien, the one named Momo, she had gone ahead and bowed towards them in gratitude.

V stared at her as she did so, before munching on the treats that were left on the table.

"It's fine." she simply told her.

"Yes. In fact, I should also say I'm sorry." Aoki replied as well. "It was me who pushed your friend towards that alien and made him end up like that. That said, I hope you'd understand, since I did it to stop the fight from continuing…"

Momo straightened from her bow and shook her head.

"No, no. I do understand. Although, it's kinda surprising that someone like her would react that way in response to Rito-kun's habits… Or how you all knew that, for that matter…" she muttered, before pausing. "Ah, wait. Now that I remember Yami also gets embarrassed when touched like that, right? Did you determine that weakness from her?"

It wasn't a weakness. In fact, V would find a weakness like that as outright unrealistic. But the truth is that it's an event that was meant to be the conclusion of the entire fight before. All they did was to bring it about as it was supposed to… It would be hard to explain that to her, however.

So V simply nodded, utilizing the tried and true method when dealing with her subordinates in Golden Dawn.

"Something like that." she replied vaguely

Despite the unsatisfying response, Momo simply shrugged it off. "Okay. Still, it's kinda surprising to see that there's an organization on Earth that deals with aliens. For the longest time we've thought that there was none…"

Then, she turned unsure.

"Um, we're not really in trouble, are we?" she asked. "I know that some planets make a big deal about procedures when you're visiting their place, so I apologize if we didn't really do any of that when we arrived—"

"There's no need to worry about that, Momo-san. You're fine." the green-haired alien, Run, replied as she fanned the protagonist's face. "I'm actually the same, but Aoki-san told me that the organization who reached out to her didn't concern themselves with that."

Momo blinked. "Really?" she asked, before turning to the both of them. "Is that true…?"

"Yes, Run-chan is correct. You don't need to worry about those things." Aoki answered with a smile.

The alien still looked confused however. "I see… Um, but if that's not the case, what exactly is your organization about?" she then glanced at V. "A-And why a maid outfit…?"

V turned to Aoki at that, to which the woman just made a sheepish smile. "You got here earlier than I could explain in detail, sorry. Also I can't really offer much explanations other than the general one that you told me…"

She nodded, understanding her reason.

Putting aside her early timing - due to their supposed 'roles', with V being the official agent who simply approached the idol manager, it did make sense that Aoki wouldn't be able to answer much without endangering her identity.

And so she put down her cup of tea to answer. "We do many things, but the most important is that we deal with external threats and work to prevent the knowledge of strange things from becoming public." V said bluntly. "As for the clothing - it's not a maid outfit. It's actually a highly adaptable combat uniform used in many of our field operations."

"That's totally a maid outfit though. It has frills and everything."

"Those are meant to disperse heat through increased surface area." V immediately returned, before taking another sip from her cup of tea. "You might not like it, but this is what peak performance looks like."

Aoki let out a cough to hide her smile. Meanwhile, Momo sweatdropped.

"…Right." the pink-haired alien muttered, before she blinked as she realized something. "W-Wait a minute, so you deal with external threats? If you mean you deal with other aliens, then how come we haven't seen you dealing with the aliens around town?"

A tricky question. They weren't a real organization after all, so how are they meant to answer the obvious question of them not being present before? Fortunately, she was taught that these types of genres have a great way to deal with such unnatural developments.

"That's because you've been doing our jobs. Thank you for that." she answered blankly.

"—What the heck!? So we've been doing your jobs!?" the alien cried out, making the tension disappear completely. "Do your work properly! Why do we have to be the ones who do that!?"

With that strange detail sidestepped through comedy, V then gave a much more serious answer that would convincingly address the question and make the narrative move on.

"To be more specific, you all did your jobs greatly enough for us not to think that there's anything wrong." V quickly followed, making the alien pause. "We didn't pay much attention in this place until recently. In fact, we didn't know that there were aliens like you staying in here."

"What? How? Sure, some are putting up closed space technology to prevent collateral damage, but there's still quite a lot of them around here…"

V noted the strange term. "If they truly are using such 'closed spaces', then they wouldn't be our priority." she immediately said. "As I said, the goal of our group is to deal with external threats and keep the knowledge of such things in the eyes of the public. Who we go after… it would be like the alien from earlier."

Realization appeared in the girl's eyes. "Oh. So you're going after the more destructive ones."

V nodded. Then she turned to Aoki, who cleared her throat to speak once more.

"In any case, I don't think V's organization is concerned about your legality in staying here. In fact, they welcome all of your help." the woman stated. "With that said Momo-san, I'd like you to continue answering the question I asked you earlier… Do you mind telling us your experience in dealing with the other aliens in this place? And if there are some irregularities happening lately?"

"Irregularities? Well…"

—And with that, the pink-haired alien started telling them the things that they had been up to lately.

Like what they had inferred from their setting, it appears that it really is just some light-hearted harem anime with a couple battles here and there, usually involving some wacky alien that they will deal with in the end.

In fact, based on her words, this recent battle appears to be an outlier since the stakes are higher than usual. There was a genuine threat that caused actual destruction around the neighborhood and even came close to hurting them. As far as everything in their plot goes, this would likely be the fight they were in most danger.

And also one that carries the most emotional weight, considering the state the blonde alien was left in.

V glanced outside where the alien named Yami was standing on lookout for potential enemies. With her sister working alone this whole time, there was little reason to do it - but it was clear to anyone that it wasn't the true reason why she was outside.

After all, one look at her expression betrayed her inner deep and conflicting thoughts.The girl clearly wanted to be alone right now.

…In any case, the fact that it was an outlier must have meant something. Perhaps it was the effect caused by the world-affecting scenario, although they'd have to investigate that more thoroughly. However, hearing what the pink-haired alien had to say - it seems that they already gained what they needed here already.

"—You have a device that can repair the damages?" V asked.

"Yes. Onee-sama's inventions can easily repair what that girl has destroyed earlier. Pika-Pika Raygun-kun is very convenient! So there's no need to worry or trouble yourselves for everything!" the pink-haired alien proudly informed.

Indeed, that certainly simplifies things. "I see. Then I'll leave you to that."

"Please do!"

As the girl answered cheerily, V met the eyes of Aoki, who simply nodded slightly in a way no one present noticed. They were about to end the discussion… but it seems that there was no need for them to interrupt things.

Because suddenly a scream had interjected as they talked, making them stop.

"—Ahh! I'm sorry!"

"Rito-kun!?"

The protagonist suddenly sat straight when he woke up. There was a short moment as he looked around in a panic - but then, realizing that everything was fine when he looked around the house, he relaxed slightly.

"M-Momo-san? What's going on?" he asked, confused. "Is everything fine now…?"

"Yes, everything is fine, so calm down. That girl left in fluster earlier after you kissed her. It was honestly surprising." Momo replied. "For now we're talking with these guys here. Apparently they're a secret organization that deals with destructive aliens like the girl earlier."

"S-Secret organization!?" the boy said in surprise, before immediately sitting on the table, eyes sparkling. "So something like that exists!? I knew there was something fishy when we didn't find anyone, but there really are people who know about aliens!"

Aoki and V blink in surprise at the passion in the boy's voice.

"I-Is your organization something like from that overseas movie? Like in 'Men in Suits'!? May I ask what sort of things you do on a day-to-day basis!? What sort of aliens do you deal with!? Do you document other strange phenomena that appear on Earth, like—!"

Aoki coughed, making the boy stop.

"My, that's quite a lot of questions." Aoki stated with a smile. "I can see how you'd be very curious, but if V-chan answers all of it then we'd probably be here all day… So if all of you don't mind, then we'd like to take our leave now. Everything seems to be taken care of, after all."

"E-Eh? You're leaving already, Aoki-san?" Run asked in surprise.

The woman nodded to her while both her and V stood up.

"Yes. We still have a lot to do after this, actually. As I said earlier, V-chan is actually conducting an investigation right now." she answered. "Anyway it's nice meeting all of you! It was brief, but it was very helpful!"

"U-Um…" the pink-haired alien spoke up. "T-Thank you for helping us again. And for being so lenient to us."

V shook her head. "So long as you don't cause real trouble, there is no need for concern."

"Yep! Just be good kids and you'll be fine!" Aoki smiled again. "And Run, I'll see you tomorrow okay? Good luck on your tests!"

The idol returned it. "Thank you, Aoki-san! I'll see you tomorrow as well!"

With their farewells said, V and Aoki then went outside the house using the large hole on the wall. As they did so, even without looking, V could see the three of them were staring as they left. And when they left the three's direct sight the pink-haired alien and the protagonist immediately turned to the idol, definitely intending to grill her with questions.

"Run-san, do you know those guys?"

"Tell us more about them!"

"I-I don't know! I didn't even know that Aoki-san has connections to—!"

At that point, V stopped focusing her attention on them and instead turned it to the other person outside, who glanced at them when they left the house. Her fellow blonde met her gaze and turned to face them.

Then she bowed deeply, making Aoki and V stop.

"…Thank you." the alien said, voice soft yet filled with gratefulness. "If it weren't for all of you being here, I…"

She trailed off, voice pained. Her meaning was clear even if it wasn't said out loud.

"..."

V stared at her fellow blonde.

Looking at her, she was instantly reminded of what her enemy had earlier observed when they fought. V and this girl, Yami, certainly have enough physical similarities for the two of them to be mistaken as related - or in the redhead's own words, a clone. Even if V was older than she was and was even a different species at that.

But the similarities don't just end on their physicality. There were some things that she could recognize being displayed by this girl in front of her. Things that V had noticed on herself, making it look like she was looking at a twisted mirror.

—From the way the girl held herself, always tense and cautious of any attack that could arise, which spoke of a life mainly on the battlefield.

—From the way she looked at everything around her like it was unfamiliar and fragile, as if she didn't understand the environment she was in.

—And from the way she held her feelings back, unable to comprehend what her true wishes are, after burying it for all her life.

Perhaps V was just projecting. She was new to being true to her emotions after all. And even now, she was still having difficulty trying to read or understand others, much less her own. Yet despite it all, she couldn't quite shake off a particular feeling.

A feeling as if V was staring at her past self. One that still hasn't realized her true wishes even after her own war had already ended, and even after she had met her own 'Basa' in the form of the harem protagonist.

"…You're hesitating."

Her fellow blonde stiffened at V's sudden words, then looked up at her with a puzzled look. But before she could question what V had meant - the blonde alien's weary eyes met her own, making her stop once more.

Kindred.

She was told that the eyes were the windows of the soul, and you could tell what sort of person is just by looking at their gaze. It was a trope, especially proliferent in the more idealized genres out there. One such as this girl belongs in.

Which was why when V spoke, the blonde listened closely.

"All these feelings are unfamiliar and you don't know what to do." V told her. "You've lived life following orders… but now that you've tasted what life is beyond it, you find yourself hesitating."

Yami stared at her wide-eyed as her feelings were easily vocalized out loud. V, meanwhile, just leaned towards her closely and continued speaking her words.

"Find what makes you hesitate. Explore them, and don't shy away from the unfamiliar. You've survived far worse than that." she stated. "And once you finally find your answer from your search… don't let go of it. Act on it, and make it a reality."


Spoiler

"Because that is what it means to live by your own orders. To live your own life."

Her words were vague as she had a hard time expressing her own feelings on the subject. However, it conveyed her message well enough, even if the girl was unable to comprehend her words. She hadn't reached the point that she could understand it yet, but so long as she can do all those things… she can arrive in the same realization as V did.

That said, with her story's genre, it was already decided that she would realize what she truly wanted. V's actions right here are ultimately meaningless since it will all arrive at the same result… Still, V felt nice helping a person she could relate to.

And so, leaving the girl to stew in her words, V turned around and followed Aoki who was waiting for her outside.

The woman sent her a smile. "That was nice of you, giving her advice like that."

She nodded wordlessly. With everything taken care of, the two of them went to the parked car that they had procured for this particular situation. Aoki went to the driver seat, while V sat on the passenger side, and they quickly started the car and drove off.

And as their distance from the house quickly grew…

"Haahhh…" Aoki let out a sigh as she relaxed slightly. "Finally alone… You're amazing, V-chan. You acted like an actual government agent despite that maid outfit you're wearing. I was really sweating on the inside when they asked questions on who we are, you know?"

V glanced at her. "Were you nervous?"

"Very! I felt like I was some conman! Even though I'm just supposed to be an idol manager you approached, which I technically am!" Aoki stated. "Acting is surprisingly hard. I have an idea how difficult it is from the girls I take care of, but experiencing it for yourself really is a different beast."

She could understand. "I suppose so. I remember not knowing what to do when I was acting as the leader of Golden Dawn." Thinking about it, she was probably feeling nervous that time, even if she wasn't aware of it. "That might be the reason why I performed better. I simply had more experience. And in due time, you will too."

"I guess so." Aoki replied sheepishly. "Honestly, I'm still kinda new to all of this. The responsibility of being a person who turned meta… it's quite daunting. And I have the feeling that they're going to approach us now in case something serious happens."

V nodded seriously. "Yes. Interacting directly like this would definitely make us side characters to their plot."

In fact, strictly speaking, Aoki was already a 'side character' due to the fact she was managing the two alien idols. However what happened today definitely made them directly involved in their story. Aoki and her, with her striking maid uniform that will likely be interpreted as her 'side character quirk', have definitely bumped up their importance in the story that it would definitely require them to be involved from time to time.

That said, it wasn't a bad result. After all, Basa himself had said that it wasn't a bad idea since involving themselves meant that they'd have a way to gain information on other similar settings. He might have a lot of information regarding a variety of mundane, supernatural, and sci-fi settings - but with Basa-kun limiting himself to Earth, his knowledge on aliens is surprisingly sparse.

There was a reason why their first choice on investigating the 'alien' venue in the world-affecting scenario was approaching an idol from Aoki's idol workplace. If they had a much better option, then they would've chosen it.

Still, it looks like she'd have to act as a government agent now. But it was no problem. She's also acting as a revolutionary leader now, after all.

"That'll definitely be worrying. I'm getting kinda nervous hearing that people will depend on us." Aoki stated honestly. Then, she let out a soft smile. But you know what? It's also exciting! Saving the world kinda makes us superheroes, doesn't it?"

"Yes, it really is." she stated, before turning thoughtful. "Saving the world… Yes, I suppose we should get on doing that."

With her words, V went on to take out a certain thing that she brought with her from the car's compartment. It was a crystal ball that, to her, was completely unforgettable. Mostly because she recalled Basa holding it in his hand the first time they met.

She had learned that its purpose was to essentially act as a device that allows a person to peer into someone's fate. A 'clairvoyant retro-precognitive device', as Basa called it. And he used it to determine her as a meta person due to the simple fact that V didn't follow it.

However, that wasn't its only use. It was also an incredible device that weaves various divination magic and powerful computations, one where limiting the number of variables allowed it to simulate certain specific scenarios. Things like, for example, viewing how a certain setting's events would play out without the influence of other neighboring settings.

In short, it allowed them to peer how the harem setting's events would go free of the world-affecting scenario's events. It wasn't perfect of course, but for general comparisons it was very convenient.

It was the very reason how they identified that the redhead alien was a 'change'. And also, with the memories that she obtained via hypnosis from the alien earlier… V could easily pinpoint where the source of this 'change' comes from.

V closed her eyes and the car turned quiet as Aoki let her focus.

For a moment she could only hear the hum of the car's engine, before it too disappeared when she completely shut herself from the world. She went on to parse every memory that she obtained from the alien redhead, ignoring all the unnecessary details, and then focusing more on the recent events on Earth.

It took a few moments. Then after that, V opened her eyes and activated the crystal ball. She grabbed the locks of hair which she cut off from the redhead earlier and put her hand on the device. It activated, and V perused the various simulated events that were displayed.

And then, at some point on her search…

"Found it." she informed.

Aoki turned to her slightly before looking forward again to drive. "You did? What did you find?"

"Around ten o'clock at night three days ago, that alien arrived on Earth via her space ship. And while she was on her way finding her sister, Yami, she encountered a 'closed space' barrier." V explained. "She shouldn't have encountered any other aliens at that point. Yet she was able to witness something that left her stunned because of the sheer power involved."

"S-Sheer power? She found something dangerous?" Aoki asked, surprised.

"Yes. That was also the time she took her mission quite seriously." V answered. "That alien she found also looked like a human girl, but it's mostly a shell. A biological avatar of some sort. The limited impressions I have from her memories say that those types of aliens are purely out of data and are incredibly dangerous. I have no other information to provide context as to what that meant."

Aoki looked incredibly curious but also disturbed by her words… and then she sighed.

"I see. That's a shame, but at least we were able to identify what started the change here." Aoki muttered in thought. "Do you have her face? We can research the identity of this girl if that's the case."

"I do have it, but it's not necessary."

She took a moment to confirm it again, and then nodded.

"—Her uniform points to her as someone who attends Hakoniwa Academy." she revealed.

Aoki's eyes widened. "Hanokiwa Academy… that's the source of the world-affecting scenario, correct? The one setting that Basa-kun told us to not directly involve ourselves in."

V nodded. "Yes, it is."

It seems that they have finally determined the cause for the changes in the neighboring settings. They've dealt with one of them earlier, but it doesn't mean that it's the end of it.

There's still a likely chance that people from other settings would have seen the same thing that the redhead alien did, also causing some sort of change. After all, there was also the matter about the espers. Yuki had told them of a nearby shrine that might relate to it, and it might prove helpful to check it out as well. It was a famous shrine, one that was said to be owned by a renowned spirit medium named… Santa Dodoria.

A strange name. Was this person related to Santa, perhaps? It piqued her interest.

Nevertheless, V also told Aoki the location where the alien had been last time. Coincidentally, or perhaps by design, it was also quite near the location of the shrine that Yuki mentioned, meaning that the relation might not be as far-fetched as initially assumed.

And with that, the both of them went to continue their investigation. As they did - V increased her vigilance, carefully thinking about their next steps so they do not interact with said alien. This wasn't only because of the reality warper present in their setting, but also due to what she saw in the redhead's memories which caused her instincts to go off.


Spoiler

That alien was dangerous. Whatever it was, she doubted that she could take it head on. Because from what she was seeing… they might as well be dealing with another reality warper as well.

V let out an exhale.

She can only hope that the others are faring better than her and Aoki currently.

…

…

Ah, seems like she made a mistake.

That was the so-called flag, wasn't it?


At the same time, in a different place.

In a relatively near distance away from a certain school, one that was inexplicably linked with demons, the House of God can be found. It was the rare church in a Japanese society which has biases towards western religion - which means that currently the church was an abandoned and debilitated place, seemingly forgotten in time by the people in the place.

However, that was only on the surface.

To those who are perceptive, they would notice that damage done to the church doesn't seem to be caused by time but rather… something more purposeful.

From the way the crosses are damaged to make an inverted 't', the little sigils etched on holy icons in places that one may not look, and to a subtle, yet pervading foul-smelling scent of sulfur that clings underneath the smell of wood rot.

And perhaps the most obvious, one only available to those aware of the supernatural - there was an incredible amount of unholy energy that seemed to saturate the place, enough that it might cause feelings of deep fear and anxiety to those who lack the aptitude to feel it.

It was an insidious site. The Church of God was desecrated and turned into a terrible place that only unholy beings may dwell. No ordinary person would enter this place, lest they want to be struck by maladies or curses that seem to almost protect it.

And inside such a location, a certain ritual was occurring.


Spoiler

Right in the middle of the church, a blonde girl was tied upon a strange crucifix. Her clothes were in tatters and barely seemed to cover her while she was held up by chains, but the girl was in no shape to even consider her humiliating state, considering that she is currently unconscious.

And of course, present in the place were also the people responsible for putting the girl in such a position.

"Finally… I finally got her!"

—It was a familiar bunch.

Beautiful faces and bodies, one that gave the impression of impossible grace and perfection. And with the avian wings on their back - it was clear to anyone that these people were designed to be the messengers who represent the splendor of heaven. And they would have done so perfectly… if it weren't for one thing.

Their wings, which were supposed to stay pure-white, are instead stained a deep dark black.

What stood in front of the girl weren't the messengers of God: they were fallen angels, plotting to bring her demise.

"A divine gift… To think that we can finally extract it from this human. With this power, we can use the miracles that were once lost to us!"

The female angel had said those words in front of the girl while having a power-hungry expression on her face. The others around her had different expressions however, varying between boredom, excitement, and curiosity - but not a single one cared to stop what was happening.

"Finally, after waiting to get it for so many years…! Azazel-sama will truly be happy about this…!"

It was clear that they were planning to do something. There had been plenty of instances where a fallen angel was present in the city that was meant to be demonic territory. It spoke of a plot brewing in the background, where the development will lead to another action-filled arc for the cast.

However none of that matters right now. For the stage was set.

On a surface level, it appears that this was nothing but the death of an unfortunate person. But combined with elements such as the fact that the girl being sacrificed was a very beautiful one with a very unique power, along with the almost cliché lines that the fallen angel was saying, a certain standard was being met.

After all… one shouldn't forget the fact that the genre of this setting prevents such tragedies being shown in the first place.

And so, seemingly out of nowhere, the fallen angels stiffened as a burst of demonic energy appeared - a startlingly incredible amount, one that made even immortal beings like them pause. And one that was also rapidly heading to their direction.

Their female leader turned around. "What—!?"

They didn't finish.

—BOOM!!!

Because without any warning - a sudden explosion rocked the church they were in, destroying the incredible defenses present like it was glass, blasting a hole within the building and rocking the entire structure's foundations. The explosion was also enough to knock the fallen angels into the ground from surprise, not expecting the sheer strength of it.

But being immortal beings with an inordinate amount of fighting experience however, they quickly recovered and flared out their wings to face this intruder. Tainted angelic powers were brought forth, ready to destroy those who had attacked them.

And yet, after seeing who it was - the fallen angels immediately paused.

There had been many expectations in their mind when anticipating an attack. Being fallen angels in demonic territory, they had come to understand that they were in a dangerous place. As such, they had thought of the scenarios that might happen when they are discovered.

They could be assaulted by a group of demons, or perhaps a single powerful veteran. The former was more easily dealt with than the latter, and a general outline of a plan was also made.

But what they encountered was none of that. Instead, what faced them was a single young demon who floated upon the destruction she made. A greenhorn that hadn't even reached a hundred years, much less proper adulthood.

Yet despite that, they could feel her power.

A star. It was as if they were staring at a star, burning brightly and lighting everything up for them to see. A roaring light that was compressed into a single point, shining brightly and blinding everyone who started at it directly.

And that same star suddenly spoke to them with a ferocious grin.

"Hey, get away from her, you pigeons!"


Spoiler

"—That girl right there is going to be my future clubmate!"


To shill or not to shill, that is the question. And like the useless moron that I am, I choose the former. If you're interested my stories and willing to throw me change, please check out my patreon which has up to 10 advanced chapters to all my stories. That is all, thank you.

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtows
Last edited: May 12, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Daimon Agafo, leks and 762 others
Skrubchap
May 11, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 30 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
May 21, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,329
Apologies for the delay. Something urgent came up.

Anyway, here's the newest chapter. I hope you guys enjoy reading! And be sure to give any feedback if you have some (although I can probably only fix it in the advanced chapters).


Chapter 30

From the very beginning of her life, the girl was abandoned.

She didn't know her mother nor father. Instead, she was simply found left in front of a church as an infant. She grew up to be an orphan along with a few other kids in her small town, not knowing what it means to grow up with a family.

…But she was fine with that.

The church had raised her. Even if they were not related by blood, she had grown to love the priests, nuns and other orphans as her own family. She grew up eating three times a day and with a place to sleep. She was lucky, luckier than others - which is why she is thankful.

She did not know the circumstances of why she was abandoned. Perhaps her parents knew they couldn't take care of her, so they sent her to people who could. In a way, they had shown to care about her.

So she forgave them. In her heart of hearts - she didn't blame or hate her parents for abandoning her. In fact, she had always hoped that wherever they are right now, they are safe and prospering. She hoped for the sake of her parents, who left her in hopes of wanting to live a better life.

After all - if it wasn't for them, then she wouldn't have met the Lord.

Living in a church, she had discovered her true calling. She had learned through His teachings and His word as a child. While the other orphans simply took the Bible studies as lessons, she regarded it differently as she listened to each and every verse that spoke to her heart. From there she learned other things, and she started her journey as a nun.

Her life was filled with devotion and simply doing good deeds to others. She continued doing her utmost best to live a life the Lord expected her to - praying, reflecting, and helping - and trying to be the best that she could possibly be.

But unexpectedly, at some point the Lord decided to bestow upon her a blessing.

Despite simply living out her life and not doing anything extraordinary, she was given the power to bestow miracles. She was able to find out that she can heal the sick and injured, allowing her to help more people. And it was also due to it that she was called a 'Holy Maiden' by many of the people around her.

She knew she didn't deserve such high praise. She was just a normal person like anyone else. But if the Lord saw fit to give her such an ability… then she would use it to the best of her abilities.

By that point, it appeared that the church had noticed her. They called her a girl with a divine gift and a 'Saint'. She was honored to be called as such, especially since she was given a chance to go even to the Vatican after. The priests, nuns and her brothers and sisters - they all supported her and told her to take the chance. And so she accepted, very thankful in her heart to be given such an opportunity.

However… the day before she could set off, everything in her life had come crashing down.

It came in the form of an incredibly wounded person asking for help in the church. She had thought to heal them like the many others she had helped - but the moment that she did, her divine gift seemingly didn't work.

She thought she had failed. So she prayed and prayed… until it finally did, healing the injured person.

But as it turns out, she was tricked.


Spoiler

"Wow! You managed to heal me, a demon, with your divine powers? I wonder if what you wield really is from God?"

Who she healed was apparently a demon. Her faith made her know that they existed, but she hadn't expected them to appear before her as a human, leading her to be tricked by one of them. But even if that was the case, what matters is that she wasn't supposed to be able to heal them in the first place.

The Lord's light heals all and drives back evil. That was how it was meant to be. Yet she somehow managed to heal the manifestation of evil itself - and seconds after she had done it, the church was stormed by exorcists who injured the demon in the first place. And as such, they have witnessed the impossible.

There was only one conclusion to this impossibility. She wasn't a Holy Maiden or a Saint that people thought of her as. What she had was not a divine gift, but rather something else.

She was nothing but a witch.

And on that day, the girl was abandoned a second time.

She was excommunicated and thrown out of the church. She had been doing miracles in the name of the church using witchcraft, acting as a fraud. She was separated from her family, stripped of her belongings, and was cast away from her town so that she would be forgotten.

She had spent her life in poverty and homeless. There were many nights that she was cold and hungry, but she didn't hate the others that caused it. Instead, she directed those feelings to herself. She thought that this was a punishment that she deserved for being a witch. She thought that her ability to grant miracles must've gone to her head, and that this must be a test that the Lord had sent her way to keep her humble.

And so she prayed, reflected, and forgave. And even despite her homelessness and poverty, she still tried to do acts of good and live a life in accord to His teachings. It was hard, and everyday was filled with temptations and doubt - but she had persevered and managed to do so.

Perhaps because of that, she was given an opportunity. At some point, people willing to help her had approached her. While she may be a witch to the church, her ability to heal others was invaluable, and she was taken to an eastern country called Japan where their main organization had stayed.

By that point, she was happy. Helping others was something that she was happy to do. And she thought that maybe, she would find people she would think of as family in this new organization that she had joined.

…She had thought wrong.

Once more, she was tricked. But this time, it wasn't due to demons, but rather fallen angels who had defied the Lord's will. They didn't want her for her healing - they simply wanted to take her ability to heal and use it for themselves, throwing away her body after.

She was going to be killed.

And now, she had wondered if she was going to be abandoned for a third time - abandoned by the very God that she had devotedly worshipped for so long.

—What did she do to deserve this?

—Why was she going to be killed?

—What had she done wrong?

Doubt had filled her heart. She had wondered if the Lord truly did care for her if this was what she received after her devotion. Despite her very best, those thoughts had appeared in her mind. She was only human after all.

But still… in the end, even as much as she wanted to hate and curse the world…

She found herself unable to.

O Lord… if it is possible, let this cup pass from me… yet not as I will, but as you will…

She wanted to live.

She wanted to be saved.

She wanted to be free from the suffering.

Yet, she yielded to the Lord's will, only hoping that his plan and her desires align.

And so, as she had remained there barely conscious, crucified in front of the fallen angels - she waited for His judgement: praying, reflecting, forgiving, and accepting whatever that may come to her way. She had fully thought that the end of her life has come, and she prepared herself for the pain that would come her way—

"Hey, you alright? Don't worry about everything now! I've got you!"


Spoiler

—But the next thing she knew, she was right in the arms of a demon girl. The girl stared down at her with a smile, one that reassured her that everything was going to be fine. And despite the fact that she was a demon… she found herself relaxing in her arms, having lost all her strength after enduring for so long and trusting her fully.

It seems that the Lord really does work in mysterious ways.

Because far in the future, she would look back to this moment as the most special one in her life. The moment that she met the girl named Rias.

A demon who would change Tapris's life forever as she knew it.


Fallen angels.

Seems like their unwelcome presence seems to always be found in places where they're not supposed to be in.

It had been the second time she had an encounter with their ilk within their territory. And with Basa-kun and Yuki-chan's own encounter, then that's three times they appeared. Coincidence doesn't happen three times, so said the saying - meaning that things might be more dire than she thought and there are things brewing under the shadows.

To be honest Rias had been so preoccupied with other settings lately that she failed to consider her own. She remembered thinking to pursue why there would be fallen angels in their territory and investigate some more about the subject, but with the whole marriage proposal, V's war, and her own training… she failed to act on it, much less remember about it.

That was supposed to be her responsibility. She was meant to be an overseer along with Sona. And while the girl had been busy with a lot of tasks involving the school - she didn't have that excuse. And now her sister, the actual Leviathan herself, just told Rias to do her job.

She didn't phrase it that way when she was told to do this, of course. Still… Rias might be dumb at times, but hanging around with Yuki-chan enough allowed her to read between the lines.

And of course, because of her mistakes…


Spoiler

…Someone innocent had gotten to this state.

Rias had plenty of things to fix after she finally decided to act as the protagonist of her own story. And while it can be said that she's blameless due to this being done by her story's plot - the fault still lies in her for being too lax. And that laxness was the very cause of her problems ever since coming to the surface.

Nevertheless, there's always time to reprimand herself later.

There was a battle to be fought after all.

"—Think fast, pigeons!"

Rias suddenly shouted those words while throwing out a projectile of demonic energy that shone brightly towards the fallen angels. They reacted quickly, dodging out of the way from what they thought was a destructive shot - before being quickly proven wrong when it cracked midair and suddenly let out a burst of very bright light.

"—Kgh!"

"—A flash!?"

At that moment, Rias flapped her wings and swooped in towards the blonde girl in a burst of speed. And as she arrived from where she was crucified, Rias quickly destroyed her binds by coating it with destructive energy before picking her up in her arms - and then quickly flapping her wings again, heading back out of the hole she made at the desecrated church.

And as she gained altitude, she managed to catch a glimpse of a strange chaos that was currently happening around the grounds of a nearby school. This had actually been occurring even before Rias had arrived, and it was very likely that it was involved with the whole 'gang war' that the world-affecting scenario warned them of.


Spoiler

It was honestly quite strange to see students fight like that. And at different levels as well. She could see that on some parts the fight was just mundane - but on the others, the usual action and unrealistic moves were occurring. She even saw someone let out a demonic energy! It was definitely missed by anyone outside that setting though.

And Basa-kun was definitely somewhere in there, dealing with his own task that Serafall-san gave him. He'll probably be doing it as fast as he could and then dealing with the world-affecting scenario after that. Today was a very busy day, after all.

—In any case, those thoughts were shelved for a moment as Rias glanced away and flew further upwards. She soared through the air and gained as much height as she could, until the people below looked like dots and the largest buildings were way below her reach.

And as she did that, she felt the girl in her arms stir slightly. Rias looked down at the blonde girl and saw her barely cognizant eyes stare up at her.

Rias gave her a confident grin to reassure her that everything is fine.

"Hey, you alright? Don't worry about everything now! I've got you!" she said.

The girl didn't reply, simply staring at her. Probably because she's very weak from her injuries after being subjected to whatever those fallen angels did to her. Unfortunately, she still hadn't attained a level of mastery on her magecraft and demonic bloodline ability to heal others, meaning she couldn't actually do anything to help this girl right now.

What she did have, however, was potion that can heal others. She brought it out of her subspace and gave it to her.

"Now I hope you can trust me on this, but I'm going to get you somewhere safe, okay? Oh, and drink this please." she continued, making the blonde drink the potion. "Just hang tight! You'll be resting in a really comfy bed shortly!"

Oh, and she also has a very convenient portal device. One that she had used to transport herself from Japan to the warfront of a European country in a blink. She can't exactly just have this girl in her arms while fighting the fallen angels, so the best thing would be to transport her somewhere safe.

With that, Rias then activated the arcano-scientific bullcrap that Basa-kun used to construct the device and chose one of few locations she remembered putting an anchor on for long-distance travel. Space warped in front of her as a portal formed.

And on the other side, she could see…

"—Ojou-sama!?"

There she saw her brother's wife, Grayfia, staring at the portal with a surprised expression on her face with her magic ready. Whoops. She supposed that's the natural reaction when an unknown portal suddenly appeared in your home.

She gave her an apologetic smile. "Sorry Grayfia! I really needed to get you guys so I didn't have time to go through proper channels!"

She relaxed a bit. "Rias… what is this? Are you in the human world?" she asked, confused. "D-Did you open a straight portal to hell from there? No, this feels different… And are those fallen angels I'm sensing?"

"No time to explain!" she quickly said, before suddenly depositing the blonde girl in her arms. "Here, could you take care of her for me? She's very hurt."

"Rias, what is going on? Are you in the middle of a fight right now?"

"As I said, no time to explain! Just take care of her please!" the woman was about to open her mouth in reply but she quickly cut off the portal at that point. "Whew… I'm definitely going to be grilled for this later."

Grayfia would definitely question her about how she made that portal. Making a gateway to hell required immense demonic energy after all, but this portal consumed less energy. And it easily went through her home's magical defenses as if it wasn't there. Her sister-in-law would definitely be concerned about such a thing.

But that was for future her to deal with. For now though…

"You damn brat!"

—Rias flapped her wings and dodged the slash from the fallen angel that caught up. And simultaneously, she quickly followed it up by shooting a brief burst of destructive energy projectiles around her, forcing the other fallen angels to keep their distance or smash the projectiles with their divine weapons.

"Tch." the female fallen angel clicked her tongue as she hovered a cautious distance away. "A Satanichia. That was definitely the power of destruction."

"Oh? You know about us?" Rias asked curiously. "And here I thought you were stupid enough to not notice you're in demon territory."

"The only one stupid here is you, fool! Of course we know we're in demon territory! We are here as part of that Beelzebub brat's entourage! We are guests here!"

Rias paused at that, looking at her in confusion.

"Beelzebub? You mean Ajuka-san?" Rias muttered. That was the name of her brother's friend, but she doubted that she was talking about him, considering he's the one pushing for the peace talks… "Ah! Wait, you mean obnoxious En-something guy? His shitty cousin? Right. He was the one who made this school without permission, isn't he?"

The female fallen's eyes narrowed. "What are you even saying, fool? Why would he need permission?"

Rias tilted her head. "It's because it's not his territory, duh. I don't know what they told you but we own this place. And we're definitely not allowing you fallen angels in here to cause trouble." she answered. "That En guy is here to cause some trouble on his own because of demon politics or something. You guys are just being used, and you'll probably end up as scapegoats for the whole thing as well."

She was never that good when it comes to politics and stuff, but Serafall-san had told her what these demon's aims were. Some members wanted to cause some trouble since they're not that keen on peace talks happening between their factions, but not enough to incur outright war between the two. So they decided to cause trouble here in the human world where the territories are considered less important than the ones in hell.

And it seems that they snagged some fallen angels while doing it. This group would probably be used as an excuse for them causing trouble, because uninvited third parties are easy to blame. That said it's all posturing anyway. It's obvious to anyone what was happening but no one would act on it in the interest of letting the talks move forward.

Or so Serafall-san had said.

In any case, the fallen angels turned quiet from the revelation. And seeing that, Rias spoke up and gave them the opportunity to solve things without fighting.

"Why don't you just give up? You should know the amount of trouble headed your way now." she told them. "It might be better to stand down at this point. You might have less charges for that."

In response to her words, the fallen angels sneered at her.

"As if. We spent a lot of effort trying to obtain that divine gift from that girl. I do not care if we're unwelcome here. Azazel-sama will get his results!" their female leader shouted. "You opened a gateway to hell, didn't you? I sensed a high-class demon on the other side, but a greenhorn like you has no chance of defeating us. Give the girl back to us right now and I might consider sparing you."

Well, couldn't fault her for trying.

That said, instead of responding with the threat with her own - Rias instead made a considering expression and hummed in thought as if she was hearing a reasonable offer.

"Hmm. I see, I see… So you want me to open a portal to hell again and you'll spare me, right?" she asked.

The female fallen smirked. "That's right. Surely a demon like you should be pragmatic enough to know what's important here. You might be sent here to do some task - but surely it's not as important as keeping your life, no?"

Rias hummed again.

"Hmm… All good points!" she then outstretched her arms and activated the portal again slightly near them. "Okay, here you go! A gateway to hell, as ordered!"

The female fallen raised a brow at that. Behind her the other fallen angels looked amongst themselves, seemingly unsure with her sudden compliance. One of them suddenly approached the portal cautiously… before their eyes quickly widened as they found themselves getting pulled inside with an incredible force.

"Wha—!? HAAAAaa—!"

Rias quickly closed the portal at that point, trapping the guy on the other side. The fallen angels tensed after seeing that and turned to Rias again, eyes blazing with hatred.

"What did you do!?" their female leader shouted.

"Oh, I just sent him into space." Rias remarked casually, making the fallen angels stiffen in shock. "Man, I really wanted to do that for a while… By the way, can you guys breathe in a vacuum? You're creatures of heavens, right? I always wondered about that."

"Like hell we can! And I told you to open a portal to hell! Why the hell did you open a portal to space instead!?"

"Do you really have to ask that? We're enemies you know. I mean, asking your enemy to open a portal to hell?"

Rias stuck her tongue out.

"—As if I'll do that, idiooot."

Their leader's brow twitched as her expression morphed into rage.

"You damn brat…!" she brandished her spear, producing incredibly potent holy magic. "Fine! Then we'll torture you until you beg for mercy and open the gateway for us!"

Rias grinned ferociously.

"I'd like to see you try!" she shouted.

—And with that, the fight started in earnest.

The fallen angels launched towards her in a burst of speed. Rias felt their holy energy coat their weapons and try to hit her - but by the time they got to her position, she had already moved away as fast as she could, hitting air instead.

Still, they were relentless in their chase. An aerial battle occurred between them as Rias ducked and weaved between each attack, easily keeping up with the movement of all the fallen angels that tried to strike with their weapons. She also tried to shoot out her own projectiles when the opportunity came, but…

"Useless!" the fallen angel simply batted the destructive energy out of the way with her weapon, letting it explode harmlessly out of their way.

These fallen angels seem to be stronger than the ones she had battled before, back when she encountered Ryuusei-kun. The holy energy that they wield is strong enough to withstand her destructive energy like it was nothing. And judging by the way they fought - these guys seem like they're veterans.

Rias would have to go all out if she wanted to beat them. However, while she could easily just blow them up with an Apocalyptic Nova or two - the effects would be nasty considering the area of effect of her attacks. Unlike last time during her fight with Riser, collateral damage is something she had to consider.

"Weak, weak! Someone like you cannot hope to beat us, brat!"

Still, with the fallen angels saying those words and inviting the connotations that come with it… it wouldn't do good for her not to oblige.

While her usual go-to move isn't viable, she'd been recently developing other techniques, especially after dealing with the demon she dealt with during her fight in V's war. With that Rias flew higher and higher while building up her demonic energy, putting a greater distance between herself and the fallen angels as they struggled to catch up - before stopping once she reached enough height and looked down towards them.

"Weak, am I!?" Rias shouted towards them with a fierce grin. "Then let's see you deal with this!"

At her declaration, Rias crossed her arms and released the energy she was building up. Then, using the various parallel thought processes she had recently developed - Rias efficiently constructed a magical circle above her. It was a derivative spell of her Apocalyptic Nova; a very mediocrely powerful one by her standards, producing only an explosion comparable to a hand grenade instead of a large one that could shake the land, but the trade off was that it was immensely cheap and easy to make.

And with her parallel thought processes working in tandem to create the magical circle… After completing one circle, an instant later she had made another. And then twice more after that. And then quadruple the next. It kept increasing, increasing, and increasing…


Spoiler

Until it multiplied to the point that the sky was covered with bright red stars that contrasted with the daylight. Enough that the fallen angels all stopped their flight towards her and stared at the sight with wide eyes.

"What…!?" their female leader said in dramatic shock.

And in response to that, Rias simply raised an arm.

"Bring forth light that covers the sky! Illuminate the world—!"

Then, she brought it down, launching all of them towards the fallen angels.

"—Shooting Star Barrage!!!"

The magical circles all fired.

Hundreds of destructive energy projectiles lit up the sky that were all headed right towards the fallen angels like falling meteorites. Seeing such an intimidating sight that made all of them falter - but on their part, they reacted quickly and went into the defensive, using their weapons to bat away the projectiles aimed towards them.

However, no matter how skillful they all seemed to wield their weapons. The sheer amount of projectiles raining towards them made it impossible for them to fully defend themselves. Eventually there was a point where they had missed one of the projectiles, causing it to explode and stagger them - before being fully engulfed by the rest of the countless projectiles that followed.

"—GRAAAGH!"

"—KKGH!"

"—N-NO!!"

One by one, each of the fallen angels fell that way. Rias simply continued to supply the magical energy required to fuel the hundreds of magical circles, unleashing a limitless barrage that overwhelmed them all. As she had said, the spell was surprisingly cheap - and despite the amount of projectiles she was throwing, she had spent less than half of her current magical reserves.

The projectiles that missed the fallen angels also didn't damage everyone below them. Instead, it dissipated at a certain range, the spell losing focus and simply reduced into wisps. So to those who aren't aware of the supernatural - they wouldn't even likely notice what was happening if they didn't look up. And they wouldn't, due to the genre divide.

It was a perfect way to deal with these fallen angels. That said - it seems that dealing with them that way would be way too easy for the taste of the narrative, since the very moment the last of the fallen angel mooks got caught by the barrage, their leader suddenly let out an enraged shout before letting out a burst of intense holy energy.

"Enough!" she shouted.

The energy expanded outward and destroyed all the projectiles around the woman as if it was a shield. Rias paused her barrage for a moment realizing that her current approach wouldn't work anymore. It would take a stronger attack to overwhelm that kind of shield protecting her.

That said… Rias tilted her head slightly.

If she could do this thing, why didn't she do it much earlier?

"Damn hellspawn… you actually got me to use my divine energy this way." the fallen angel muttered as she glared up at her. "I didn't want to use it considering us fallen angels only have a limited amount to use ever since we fell from grace, but I'll acknowledge that I might need it right now."

Oh, so that was why. That was a very convenient explanation from the narrative there.

"I'll give credit where it's due - you're not the ordinary young arrogant demon that graces the surface. You have the strength to back it up." the fallen angel continued. "But… that changes now. I'll no longer hold back and treat you like a proper threat. Instead of prioritizing saving holy energy, I'll use it to deal with you."

Rias frowned at that.

"I see. So you were limiting yourself this entire time, huh?" she muttered.

She was starting to have an idea about this situation. And if that was the case, then this could prove troublesome.

A midfight power up.

It usually came in the form of removing weights or maybe a power limiter, but in the fallen angel's case it would be her using her holy energy unbarred. With how much she read anime, manga or light novels - she knew what it usually entailed next.

And by that, she meant the one thing that needs to happen to show the effects of said power up: A show of force.

"Try not to get killed too easily." the fallen angel told her.

Then, saying that, her body started to become bathed in divine light—

"As if I'll let you!"

"Gffough—!?"

—But before she could undergo a transformation or something, Rias immediately appeared before her in a burst of speed and punched her right in the gut. The fallen angel was caught in complete surprise as if she just expected her to just stand there - but considering how the narrative works, that probably was supposed to be the case.

However, Rias was a demon! And someone who had turned meta! Not punching her doing that would be akin to asking more trouble, and she wanted nothing of that! It contradicts her nature!

And so, the fallen angel was launched a several meters away from her after that punch - but when Rias flew towards her again to follow up with some more hits, the fallen angel grit her teeth and caught her fist while flaring up her wings, air being displaced around them from the sheer strength of the stopped attack.

As that happened, the glowing around her body stopped as well - changing her outfit into something more risque. Rias blinked when she saw that.

Ah, seems like it wasn't a power up after all.


Spoiler

"You annoying pest…" the woman growled murderously while holding Rias' fist, popped veins visible on her forehead. "I'll make sure to discipline you thoroughly!"

"Wow. Angry much?" the fallen attacked. "Woah!"

The woman thrusted the spear she was holding on the other hand towards Rias, requiring Rias to slip herself out of the fallen angel's hold and dodge in quick succession so that she wouldn't get pierced. Unlike last time the spear was also glowing a deep yellow light, and simply being in its presence was burning her.

What was happening? Is this the holy energy? She thought they had already coated their weapons with holy energy earlier, but this one feels much more potent. It was so strong that it felt like if she looked at the weapon directly, then her eyes would go blind.

"Bright, isn't it!? That's the light that you demons hate so much! Merely getting touched by it would burn your very being!" the fallen angel shouted, noticing her reaction and seemingly enjoying it. "And if I do this…!"

Holy power began pouring out of the fallen angel in droves. And as that happened, the woman's spear began to shine more brightly and the burn started to turn more intense and painful than the chains that Riser had used in their fight. Rias grit her teeth, her mind racing on a way to deal with this situation as she tried getting out of the way.

This was definitely the show of force when the fallen angel's limits are unbarred. She'd have to match this.

"Haah…!"

And so, she chose one of the other new spells she had added in her repertoire. Letting out a burst of concentrated destructive energy that batted away the effects of the holy light - she focused it to stay within a certain radius around her instead of letting it stretch around her and dissipate in a distance. The effect was that a red colored bubble of destructive energy appeared around her.

The fallen angel saw what she was trying to do and decided to put a stop to it by slashing her with her spear. However, when she did so—

Vwoom. "…! This is…!"

—the spear, after crossing the boundary of the bubble, immediately had those parts crossing the threshold disappear. The fallen angel's eyes narrowed as she flapped her wings back and reformed the spear with solid light while she gazed at Rias with a cautious expression.

"Tch." the fallen angel muttered. "This is why I hate demonic bloodlines."

It was a shield of nonexistence - nothing can pass through without being erased by her power, and holy light is rendered ineffective unless it could surpass the concentration of the shield itself.

She remembered reading something like this happening in a setting one time involving those punch ghosts and thought it was cool, but it was only recently that she managed to crack the technique on how to do it without losing sight or hearing. It's not invincible… but it would take a special kind of attack to get through this.

In any case, Rias gave the fallen angel a mischievous grin. "Hey now. If you're not gonna limit yourself, then why should I limit myself as well? That's just bad manners, isn't it?" she told her. "In fact…"

In a burst of movement, Rias sped towards the fallen angel.

"---Let me return the favor to you!"

It was a reversal of the previous situation. Earlier she was trying to dodge the fallen angel's attacks - this time it was the fallen angel maneuvering in the air so she could avoid Rias as her bubble of destructive energy left trails of vacuum behind her as she flew through the sky.

"Don't get cocky, you damn brat!"

And as the fallen angel dodged her, she attempted to find ways to pierce her defenses. In one attempt, the woman overloaded her spear with holy energy before throwing it at her. The spear exploded in holy light - but with how concentrated the power of destruction is within her bubble it had no effect. Another attempt was to overwhelm her with different sorts of spells, with the fallen angel likely hoping that one of them would have some sort of effect.

None of them hit her. Anything physical was instantly erased the moment it crossed the threshold. Despite that though, Rias could definitely see that she was planning something. And there was no way that the narrative would allow their fight to be one-sided after putting a scene to make her do a midfight power up.

As it turns out, her instinct was right. The fallen angel was planning to do something.

And it came in the form of sigils suddenly lightening up from around her. Rias paused and her eyes widened, realizing that some of those came from the spells the fallen angel threw earlier, their purpose disguised underneath the spells she wove.

The sigils are all connected to form a perimeter. And almost immediately, Rias knew its purpose when she saw it.

"A holy barrier—" it activated, and being inside it, Rias immediately felt an incredible burning pain in her everything as if the world itself rejected her existence. "—Ow ow ow! What the hell is this!?"

"No more tricks now, little demon! You're not going anywhere." the fallen angel said with a malevolent grin. Her hands were outstretched as she kept the barrier up, supplying it with holy energy. "That barrier conceptually alters everything inside it to reject everything unholy! It wouldn't get affected by the power of destruction you Satanichia's have!"

Rias grit her teeth as unbelievable pain coursed inside her. It was a pain beyond anything that she had ever felt before - much more intense than even the relic that Riser had pulled out of his ass that one time. It felt like her whole being was being sheared apart.

But despite that, she knew that staying like this would be useless. Which is why she managed to gain get the strength to move despite the pain she was feeling—

"—You're not going anywhere!"

"—Gggh!"

However, she wasn't able to move. Somehow, the inside of the barrier was suffused with holy light and she felt the pain increase. Holy energy also filled the insides of the barrier, densely enough that she had to push through with her shield. It was like being stuck inside molasses - the resistance in moving was too strong.

And while she could remove her shield to make it easier to move, the sheer amount of holy energy touching her would pretty much kill her. She had no choice but to stay in there with her shield up, unmoving.

She was trapped. And the fallen angel knew it fully.

"Kekeke! You can't do anything now, you damn hellspawn!" the fallen shouted jubilantly. "Now, suffer under the light that you and your ancestors despise! Don't worry though. I won't kill you since I need you to open the gateway… but I'll make sure to make you suffer until you beg for death. So unless you want it to end, you better get to opening it!"

Rias managed to find the strength to glare at the fallen angel.

"S-Screw you, you damn pigeon!" she shouted.

"Oh, what's that? You want me to make it more painful? Then I'll oblige!"

"—Aaaaaaargh!"

The insides of the holy barrier shone yellow bright and Rias screamed. As that happened, the fallen angel watched her while laughing sadistically, enjoying the pain she was inflicting towards Rias.

The pain was maddening. Every part of her body burned, and she was pretty sure she was seeing her skin slowly getting cooked right now. Any normal person probably wouldn't be able to keep thinking straight right now and the only reason that she does right now is because of her parallel thought processes that lightened the load somewhat.

She needed to think of something… she had plenty of spells in her disposal. Surely one of them would give her some way to get out of this situation.

What can I do? There must be something… something…!

Can she teleport? No, the holy barrier prevented that. Her own teleportation spell used demonic energy, meaning she can't use it inside this area with holy energies destroying it before it could form.

Can she portal out? She'd have to activate the device and go through it if she did, but that would be hard considering she was covered in a bubble of destruction right now. She'd have to focus on doing the delicate task of not making her destructive energy eat up the portal - which would be difficult considering she had a hard time focusing on anything besides the pain.

Any of her other spells… none of them would work either. It would just get eaten up by her shield and the holy energies outside as well. Not unless she'd removed it, she can't do anything.

She can't escape this. Not without getting hurt immensely and, quite possibly, dying.

…

…

…But that's not something that should stop her, shouldn't it?

"Give up, brat! There's nothing you can do now!" the fallen angel shouted, still giving power to the barrier. "You're just delaying the inevitable! Open up the portal, and your torture would end!"

Rias didn't answer. Instead, she just grit her teeth.

"Like hell I'll do that!"

—And so, she decided on what to do.

Rias removed her shield, letting her bathe in the concentrated holy energy. Her skin bubbled and hissed, the burning so intense that she no longer felt on fire but was instead melting.

It hurt. It hurt way more than she had ever felt. This was definitely the most painful experience she ever had in her life. It was enough to drive an ordinary person mad. However, despite that, there was an important fact that one could get from this situation.

She was now free to move.

"You—!?"

The angel suddenly reeled back when Rias burst forward when she was finally free from her cage, a portal forming right in front of both of them. But despite it all, the fallen reacted quickly and made the holy energies denser - enough that it's comparable for any being put into it to feel like they're surrounded by solid steel.

"...!"

Rias stopped in her tracks, frozen midpunch. Despite their distance from each other, the portal she formed shortened it and caused them to look face to face. And there, Rias glared at the fallen angel, while the fallen angel stared at her with a smile with a slight cold sweat on her face.

"W-What the hell was that, huh?" the fallen angel stuttered, voice strained as she tried to keep Rias still. "Have you gone insane from the pain and abandoned all chances of survival? Why'd you suddenly remove your shield?"

Rias stared at the fallen angel with utter focus. It was an intimidating sight, considering her skin and flesh were currently melting. She should be in immense pain… and yet, she didn't utter a single sound unlike earlier, simply gritting her teeth in effort.

Then, she spoke. Voice filled with resolve.

"You… can't move… right now." Rias uttered, each word taking immense effort to say. "It's taking… all your strength to… keep me contained…!"

The fallen stared at her, outstretched arms twitching with effort.

"W-What the hell are you, really…" she muttered with gritted teeth. "I've pumped enough divine energy inside this barrier to cook a normal demon into crisps. Why the hell are you still conscious and talking? Hurry up and open the portal already if you don't want to die, you bastard!"

"I'm… not the one… who's gonna die!"

"What are you…" the fallen's eyes widened. "What!?"

Rias' arm inched forward ever so slightly.

Despite the holy energy trapping her, despite the pain she was going through - Rias fought through the resistance, using all her strength to move her fist forward to reach through the portal.

And as she did that… a small bubble of destructive energy appeared around her fist.

"Hey, hey, you've got to be kidding me…!" the fallen shouted with wide eyes as she watched the fist slowly grow closer. "W-W-What the hell are you!? Damn it, stay back!"

More holy energy poured through her that resisted Rias' movement. A great amount had already been spent to keep her trapped, and despite the fallen's words earlier in no longer using it sparingly, there was still the rational thought to only use as much as needed. But now - the fallen angel no longer cared about that as her destruction grew near.

Half her reserves… More than half her reserves… And then eventually, all of it. She let it all out, resolving herself and determining that it was a necessary sacrifice to live another day.

"Grggh…!"

And it worked. Rias' fist stopped and she let out a pained grunt that broke through her immense focus.

However… that was only for a moment.

—Because once more, the fist started to move.

"How… How are you still moving!?" the fallen shouted, leaning back slightly as the fist started to cross the threshold of the portal. "I'm using all of my reserves! There's no way that you can move right now!"

There were many possible reasons.

It could be a difference in strength, with Rias simply having that much potential as the sister of one who could be said as the strongest demon in hell. It could be due to hubris with the fallen angel since, despite being an immortal foot soldier who had fought an ancient war, she had let herself go all these years and never had a proper fight for more than a millennia.

It could also be both. Or it could be neither.

However, there was one thing that could be said as a fact right now.

"—Haaaaaaaahhh!"

"—Raaaaaaaaghh!"

Right now, these two are currently between a battle of wills. A test between two parties, where the one who yields first will lose. The circumstances are different and a bit more nuanced than a straightforward fight, but the overall situation can be summarized as that.

Whether Rias gives in to the pain or she reaches the fallen angel, and whether the fallen angel can't stop Rias' fist or she manages to muster the strength to do so despite her strain; the one who has the greater resolve will be the one on the top.

Any of them could be the winners… Or was that really the case?

After all, this was a story. A shounen story at that. And between the fight between a protagonist and their current villain, there was only one outcome to such a scenario.

Therefore, to Rias who had arranged such a situation to occur… it was already decided.

But then, despite all the effort she was currently giving - the narrative decided to give her another curveball.

"—Gah! That's right!" the fallen angel suddenly gasped out in realization as she was leaning away from Rias' fist. "I don't have to face you alone! What am I doing, fighting you like some sort of fool!?"

Rias' eyes widened as the fallen angel suddenly casted a spell that allowed someone to talk from a distance. Then, with a panicked yet victorious look - the fallen angel began talking to the person she was calling.

"Lord En! Please, give us your assistance! There is a high-class demon here!" she shouted in a pathetic, faux-flattering voice. "Please come here as fast as possible! I have her trapped, but she's escaping as we speak!"

There was no verbal answer, but the call suddenly cut. And that was enough for the fallen angel.

"Kekeke! Too bad, girl! You've done your best, but I'm the one who'll be victorious!" she shouted triumphantly. "Now all I have to delay you until Lord En gets here! Then he'll be the one to deal with you personally!"

Rias grit her teeth in frustration.

Damn it, what was happening? She thought about the outcome because of the situation, but did she mess up? Did her thoughts about things being certain somehow trigger some sort of flag? That was probably the case, wasn't it!?

But if she's going to lose because of that… then what the hell is she going to do now?! She can't think of any other maneuver to deal with another opponent! She's actually really trapped this time!

"—There he is!" The fallen angel's shout just made her more panicked. And turning her eyes down to the direction the woman was looking - indeed, there was someone flying towards their position. "Lord En! Right here! Please deal with this hellspawn at once!"

Rias' mind raced as the figure started getting closer and closer. She tried to think of anything… but her mind was blank. She can't think of anything.

And so, she watched helplessly as the fallen angel cackled as her victory was assured. There was no mistaking that the person approaching them was a demon, so it wasn't some sort of miraculous rescue by some other person either.

She had messed up. Big time. She had thought that her greatest sin was laziness and inaction… but it seems like it was pride, for thinking that she could do this alone without any help from the others.

Sorry, everyone.

—And so Rias closed her eyes and waited.

…

…

Wait a minute, doesn't this seem like a survival flag?

Rias opened her eyes slightly. And there, she saw that despite the person was heading towards them - they don't seem like they have the intention to slow down. In fact, they seem to be headed straight to the fallen angel like a missile that was about to crash.

And they did. They crashed into the fallen angel hard.

"—Gak!" the fallen angel let out an ugly noise of surprise unbefitting of her beautiful face, and she turned to the body that crashed into her and was now holding on to her. "W-What? Lord En, what are you—!?"

She paused.

Because what they saw wasn't the demon that would finish Rias, but rather something else.


Spoiler

It was a beat-up demon whose entire facial structure was messed up. He looked barely conscious, only holding on the fallen angel's body out of sheer reflex. There was no trace of a powerful demon scion or anything like that - only a pathetic snivelling loser moaning in pain.

"L-Lord En!?" the fallen angel cried out. "What the hell happened!? Who did this!?"

Rias had an idea.

She looked down towards the direction the demon came from and reinforced her eyesight. It was blurry, but she couldn't mistake the tanned person with a shock of blonde hair looking up towards them for anyone else.

Then the man disappeared further into the building, deciding that his help was enough for her to deal with everything.

…That person, really.

"Hey, wake up! You're supposed to help me here!" the fallen angel shouted desperately as she tried to shake away the demon clinging to her. "Do something, damn it! Don't just keep moaning brainlessly you—!"

"—Hey."

The fallen angel stopped, before turning to her. "W-What…"

Rias stared straight to her eyes. "It doesn't hurt as much anymore."

The fallen angel's expression turned confused, but before she could say anything - Rias' fists crossed over the portal's threshold and punched her right in the face.

The power of destruction that coated her fists were not as potent as before, so it didn't erase her head when she did it. Still, it was incredibly damaging for the fallen angel, and she screamed in pain as a simple punch like that made her nose bleed profusely.

Rias immediately crossed the portal, letting her escape from the barrier. And as the pain and resistance disappeared as she went out of the barrier… she found herself feeling the most free she's ever felt in her entire life.

And also, the most pissed off she's ever been.

"I've decided." she said, cracking her knuckles. "I wanted to wait and see if there was an inch of redeemability between you guys when we fought, but you… you are definitely not friend material. And that you deserve none of my mercy."

"—So I'm going to beat you up, plain and simple."

The fallen angel stared at her with uncomprehending eyes.

"What the hell are you—!?"

She wasn't able to finish.

Because what came after next…

"—ORAORAORAORA!!!"

"—GYYYAAAAAAAGH!!!"

…Was something that can only be described as a beatdown of a lifetime.

Up in the sky, uncaring of the pain in her body - Rias unleashed the most devastating combo of attacks that she could with her fists covered in destructive energy. She used whatever martial technique and knowledge that she learned, whilst also using magecraft to deliver precise strikes and blows to intensify the damage as much as she could.

It was brutal.

It was merciless.

It was incredibly cathartic.

She delivered as much pain as she could, trying to let the fallen angel hold a candle to what she just felt inside her barrier. And as she felt the fallen angel's bones break and insides rupture at each hit - it felt like she did a pretty good job.

"A-Ahh…"

And by the time she was done… the fallen angel was bloody all over, looking more like a wet noodle than a fallen messenger of heavens. She had long since turned unconscious, only moaning occasionally out of reflex more than anything.

In short, kinda like the demon that crashed to her earlier. I guess Basa-kun gave that demon the same treatment.

And with that, Rias brought down her arms and let the fallen angel fall down to the ground, where she was joined by her brothers and sisters.

…The fight was over.

"Finally—! Ow."

Rias suddenly winced, feeling the incredible ache in her body and the echoes of the pain in the barrier. She was also in a terrible shape, bleeding all over with parts of her skin melted with her flesh - and while not as bad as the state she left the fallen angel in, it was honestly still pretty bad.

"I look like a potato… That said, it's nothing that a good healing potion could fix!" she said, bringing out from her subspace and drinking it. "Mm! I like the taste of trivialized stakes! I should probably keep hurting myself while attacking if it means having an absurd power boost!"

She'd have to be careful of surprises like earlier the next time she does it though. But then again, maybe if it wasn't for Basa-kun beating that En guy, then maybe it wouldn't happen. That whole calling for him felt like a set up to show something cool like that.

At any rate - it was probably going to take a while to fix her wounds. She's going to need to take a moment to nap or eat somewhere, because she's definitely going to be tired after healing. And preferably somewhere private… where she could shout freely just to deal with this pain.

"Owie… This hurts so much…" she grumbled, before letting out a sigh. "I hope that the others are doing better than me, at least."

…

…

H-Hold on, she didn't just plant a flag, did she?

Uh oh. Let's hope she just didn't.


—Yuki suddenly looked up.

"The sky is getting dark… looks like it's about to rain."

She muttered those words in thought, before pausing when she realized what she just did. That action of looking up as if she just felt something wrong… That definitely means that something happened that must have concerned her in some way.

Does it have something to do with the flag she possibly planted earlier? She truly hoped that's not the case.

Nevertheless, she'd have to keep her eyes peeled now - especially when she just about reached the place she'd investigate as well. After separating with Basa-kun and Rias earlier, Yuki went ahead to the places in the city known for being popular hangouts for delinquents.

And, as much as she wanted to be when doing so - she wasn't alone.

"…"

Her sister followed shortly behind her as she walked in the streets, observing Yuki quietly. She had long since recovered from her shock when she saw Rias take flight earlier. And during the course of Yuki's investigation, Haru had been intensely questioning her about the supernatural and processing everything that she learned.

It was quite strange, seeing her sister react this way. The Haru that she had known always seemed to be in control and never showed her weakness to anyone. So to see her so unsure about everything almost seemed wrong.

But it was also familiar. The face she made was something she recognized, since Yuki also had it when she had turned meta and met Basa-kun. Judging by the expression she was making, she was at the stage when Yuki researched all about the various strange things happening in the city and went to confront Basa-kun about it.

She doubted that her sister would have the same reaction as she did… but she'll surely express the same level of concern about what she learned.

"Yuki-chan… so you're friends with a demon, huh?"

Speak of the devil. And quite literally, at that.

"I am, nee-san." she replied easily. "But don't let the fact that Rias is a demon color your views about her. Just like humans, they're people. Even if they're more predisposed to sin."

"That doesn't really make me any less worried Yuki-chan." her sister retorted. "You've mentioned that Christianity is real, along with every other religion. I'm not quite sure what to make of that - but as far as I know, demons are generally considered evil. Are you saying that's not the case?"

"Yes, because there are always exceptions. Rias is one of them." she glanced at her sister. "And I know you consider yourself a good judge of character to know that I'm telling the truth. You've observed us a few days ago, haven't you? You should've had a good grasp of Rias already."

"That might be the case - but I'm merely human, dear sister. If there are things out there that could fool me, I'm pretty sure that it would be demons from hell." Haru replied, before letting out an exhale. "Especially that woman, Leviathan-san… I can't fully read her. She's a demon as well, isn't she?"

"She is. But I doubt anyone could compare themselves to her. She's one of the most powerful demons in hell, nee-san. That you can contend with someone like that is impressive in itself."

Haru raised a brow towards her. "No need to lie to make your sister feel better, Yuki-chan. Why would someone like that be acting as a school's director? That seems like a waste of time."

"I'm not joking. I've heard she can destroy a country in seconds."

That made her sister chuckle and shake her head.

"Is that so? I…" she trailed off when she saw her serious look. "…Really?"

Yuki nodded. Then, once more, her sister went quiet.

"...I will process that later." Haru eventually stated, gaze thoughtful. "So, what about Basa-kun? What did you call him again? A magus, was it?"

"Yes. He dabbles in magecraft. You can think of it as a scientist or an engineer. Magic has its own sets of rules just like physics, after all." she answered.

"And he… introduced you to this world."

"No. I stumbled on it and he saved me." Yuki corrected, and her sister's eyes turned to her with focus. "I was unfortunate enough to encounter a mad demon. It was about to eat me, but he was in the area and he saved me. And just like how you are right now after discovering the existence of the supernatural I also confronted him about it. A lot of things happened after that, but I'm helping him now."

Well, there's also the fact that she turned meta, but she can't really explain that to her sister. Because despite the fact that she was now able to see the supernatural - she wasn't actually the same as them. She was just able to cross one type of genre and not the others.

Or perhaps, what she did wasn't crossing genres at all. Likely, something about the plot had changed. One that caused her to discover the supernatural only. She doesn't know what is the catalyst but it very likely happened between today and a few days before when they had met.

That said, she was investigating something different now. That would probably come later.

"…I see. Then it seems that I owe him some gratitude."

Her sister muttered after considering what she said, before letting out a frown.

"But I hope that you're not sticking to him because of all of this, Yuki-chan."

Yuki paused from her sister's words.

"Pardon?" she asked.

"I've wondered why you would suddenly hang out with a person you've never met before. It's why I approached you guys in the first place. But knowing what I know now, I suppose it's understandable." Haru continued. "That said, it also makes me concerned."

Her sister looked her straight in the eyes.

"Yuki." she stated coldly. "When I visited your apartment last time - you said you liked him, didn't you? Was that the truth, or did you just like the fact that you can explore this strange world with him? And this investigation that you're doing now… You're not just loving the fact that you feel like a hero who will save others, are you?"

Yuki turned silent.

It was a very probing question, one that was very in-character with her sister. She never did like the fact that she could say these things directly, while also adding a silent, yet more hurtful implication underneath it all.

—You're not ready for this.

Upon finding that her sister had set foot in the world of the supernatural, that was her first reaction. She examined her actions and formed such a judgement. And that judgement betrayed just how little her sister had thought of her.

To be honest, it needled her for a bit. But her sister's words had a point to it. Those words demanded necessary introspection. And if she couldn't answer those questions that her sister asked… then the implication really was true. She wouldn't be ready for this.

But she did have an answer. And it was because of it that she was able to smile in reply.

"You sure are saying your worries directly this time, nee-san." Yuki commented with slight mirth. "And here I thought you'd keep your tsundere act like usual."

Her sister's eyes narrowed. "Don't avoid this, Yuki. Answer me."

"I am. And I do like Basa-kun." Yuki answered easily. "That said, it has nothing to do with being able to explore this supernatural world. I might enjoy learning from him, but this and that are different. I like him for who he is and not what he offers. Surely you should know that your own sister isn't that shallow of a person, no?"

"And as for the last question… Well, I can't deny that I want to help others, nee-san. You know why I made the Service club." Yuki continued. "I also initially approached Basa-kun after learning that there are people that are in need of help. That said, it's not like I'm throwing myself into every problem out there. I only help when it is necessary, and believe me when I say it is required. We're the only people who can do this."

"What, there's no other magus out here who can deal with problems you're dealing with?" her sister asked skeptically. "What about the demons? Heck, what about angels?"

"Rias is helping us since she's in the same position as I am. As for the other demons and angels… Well, they're stuck in their own places and circumstances. And so are the other supernatural organizations."

"You're being awfully vague, little sister."

Yuki smiled apologetically at her. "Sorry, nee-san. But I can't really explain it fully. Just know that the things we're dealing with are uniquely tailored to us and that not dealing with it is a bad option to take."

Because they're the only ones who are meta. She doubted there are other people who can deal with the world-affecting events that's happening right now. That said, it wouldn't really fully convince her sister because she wouldn't believe it at all. Along with any other answer, actually.

Because the truth is - Haru still thinks of her as the vulnerable and dependent sister who had plenty of self-esteem issues. That was how she acted the majority of her life, following Haru's footsteps, and it was only now that she was starting to change. So unless she managed to change that, her sister wouldn't condone the idea of her doing all this.

So what if she changed that now?

Her sister opened her mouth, likely about to tell her denial and skepticism on Yuki's responsibilities - but then she paused when another voice interrupted her, coming from somewhere across the street they were walking on.

"Oya oya, what's this? Some missies walking alone in these parts?"

The both of them turned, and there they saw a group of shady-looking delinquents heading their way.


Spoiler

Perfect timing.

"Hey, you two!" the person that looked like their leader walked up to them with a leery look. "Are you two lost or something? The both of you aren't from here, aren't you?"

"Want us to help? We know lots'a good places here!"

"Yeah, we could show you a good time! Bwahahaha!"

The delinquents laughed from what they likely thought as a very subtle insinuation. Haru tensed after seeing them and was about to bring out her phone to call for her guards - but then she immediately stiffened when Yuki went on to approach the group.

"Y-Yuki, what are you—?"

Yuki raised a hand, stopping her. Meanwhile the delinquent group stared at her in confusion, perhaps wondering why she was approaching them so confidently.

"Huh? What's your deal?" their leader asked, before making a lecherous grin. "What, so you want to come with us—"

He wasn't able to say the rest of his sentence.

Because with the same hand that Yuki raised, she immediately turned it into a simple closed hand chop which struck the delinquent leader's chin. The man's lower jaw shifted to the side from the hit, moving the skull in such a way that caused a concussion which made the man's eyes roll up.

He dropped on the ground instantly. And before his gang could react - Yuki moved on to efficiently deal with them with simple kicks and punches. She didn't even need to use reinforcement to do it, just simple martial arts and she was able to deal with them all.

"—Eeek! Wait, spare me!"

Well, all except one, that is. She needed this one for questioning. Yuki grabbed him by his collar, lifting him up easily despite their difference in muscle mass and height. He struggled pathetically for a moment but a cold glare made him freeze and dangle uselessly in her grip.

"You're going to answer my questions, got it?" Yuki asked.

He nodded desperately. And from the side she could see that her sister was looking at her with wide eyes and completely surprised at what she was seeing, much like how she had witnessed Rias fly before.

If words wouldn't convince her sister… then perhaps her actions will.

And her sister is definitely going to see a lot of it as Yuki goes to investigate.

At any rate, Yuki turned back to the fearful delinquent and went on to ask her questions, resigning herself to doing the tricky task of identifying a person who has the power that many people wish for, but spends it on pursuing delinquency for some reason.

—It was time for her to find a time traveler.


If you managed to somehow like my shitty stories enough, I have a patreon that has up to 10 advanced chapters. Please check it out if you're interested.

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtows
Last edited: May 21, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Daimon Agafo, Lucky_plucky_ducky and 757 others
Skrubchap
May 21, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
6 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Khon
[NSFW] Mobile Suit Gundam: Remnant (UC Timeline, SI)
Khon Jun 18, 2026 Words: 7.9k anime isekai mecha
Replies15
Views1K
Jun 24, 2026
Khon
Khon
Vagabond
 [NSFW] Project PHAETON (Gundam UC)
Vagabond Jun 21, 2026 Words: 24k 1 2 3 4 commision mobile suit gundam universal century
Replies114
Views13K
Today at 09:39
Argentis
Argentis
_Karma_
 [NSFW] Dragon x Dragon ? This World Now Belong To Phoenix. High School PxP
_Karma_ Aug 10, 2026 Words: 2.7k dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies17
Views3K
Aug 20, 2026
Fenrir of the North
EclipsingDragonMoon
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Blazing Stars of a New World (FGO X DxD)
EclipsingDragonMoon Jun 22, 2026 Words: 9.2k 1 ... 29 30 31 both sides will be treated with respect fate series fate/grand order
Replies928
Views54K
Aug 16, 2026
Bingo55
Bingo55
DefenderGerson
 [NSFW] Universal Century: Emerald Flames (Prototype)
DefenderGerson Aug 3, 2026 Words: 29k mobile suit gundam my hero academia au
Replies8
Views781
Tuesday at 18:38
DefenderGerson
DefenderGerson
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit



Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Abusing Tropes In A Generic Anime World For Maximum Bullshit
 Thread starterSkrubchap  Start dateOct 10, 2023  Tagsfate high school dxd meta mobile suit gundam multicross oregairu spy x family
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 31 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jun 2, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,369
Apologies for the delay. Had an emergency and writing slowed because of it. But you're not here for excuses.

Here's the newest chapter, everyone. And here we finally have a true look at this arc's big bad. I hope you guys enjoy reading!


Chapter 31

People are naturally deceitful creatures.

They live life constantly wearing masks upon their faces. They lie to themselves and to others, acting the role they require in order to achieve a goal that they seek. The mask changes every moment, every situation, and every person they talk to.

When asked to describe someone - their superior, underling, close friend, or a stranger to them will all say different answers. Which of these answers are correct? The answer is none. Because no one can fully know the truth about someone, even themselves.

She had grasped that truth very early in her life. As the eldest daughter of a powerful politician, she had seen time and time again what it means to be human and how they lie all the time. She saw how it turned into a complicated web of relationships where the truth becomes muddled, and she saw how people used it to their ends, much to their detriment or advantage.

And from that, she had learned.

Those who have the clearest idea of the social fabric will be the one who has the greatest power. And if one knows the mask to wear when talking to said person, then they'd be able to do what they want. A small lie there, a simple comment here - simple actions lead to drastic results.

To be successful is to utilize the behavior of people. Because of it, she had amassed the power that she had now, becoming an influential politician a short while after finishing college. She found herself in a very comfortable position, and her only goal now was to keep it going. Or perhaps even grow her own power as well.

Call her a psychopath, manipulator or whatever - she was someone who did what she could to improve her life. And it's not like she went out of her way to hurt other people. She just found it easy to let them do what she wants, that's all.

That was how she, Haru Yanai, had always lived her life.

—However, in comparison to her, her sister was different.

Being the younger one between them, she was shielded from learning the truth of people. Her precious sister was as naive as she was innocent. And she had only learned that the world is not as kind as she thought it was when she was bullied from a very young age… due to being cute of all things.

And at that time, her sister had discovered what it means to be disappointed and betrayed by people you thought you could trust. A certain childhood friend of hers, the people-pleaser Haya-kun, decided that it was much better to prioritize his reputation than protecting his childhood friend.

It took Haru's intervention to stop the bullying. And during it, she had thought that her sister would come to the same conclusion as she did, that she'd learn and mature much like her.

However, she didn't. What her sister settled into was that Haru was someone to be imitated. A shallow conclusion to make, and one that caused her to make constant comparisons to Haru and herself.

It was a long time ago. But such a simple thing influenced her sister's life dearly from then on. The Yuki that she knew formed her own mask to prevent being bullied once more, before striving to embody idealized childish concepts such as being reliable and dependable to others.

But the facade was clear to her as her elder sister - the girl's actions always betrayed her inner lack of self-esteem, along with her cowardice and desire to simply depend on another person just like how Haru saved her before.

Unless her sister stops striving for impossible goals like trying to be like her, nothing would change. She needs to think for herself. Because blindly emulating others is not improving, it's just the refusal to examine oneself and what you need to change to better your life.

Thankfully, the opportunity came in the form of the Service Club that she made. Without Haru around, her sister stuck to a different person - an interesting young man by the name of Makoto. He was dependable enough for her sister to think that he was a person worth striving for but has an amusing enough personality to not warrant her blind emulation.

—But then high school romance came into play and things turned complicated. She should've expected it, really.

She'd seen what was going on in that club of hers. Haru herself had never experienced what love is, but she was sure that what her sister felt wasn't love. There was some attraction, sure, but what Yuki mostly felt was admiration and respect. In comparison to the other girl in the club who also held an attraction to the boy, Haru was sure on what the ending would be.

And when Yuki faced the eventual rejection, she had thought that the growth she was waiting for would finally happen… But that wasn't what happened at all.

Instead, Yuki stuck to another person. And this time it was to a delinquent.

She thought that there must be something definitely wrong at that point. She thought that her sister was being manipulated, or maybe there really was something wrong in the head of her sister after all. But as it turns out, it wasn't any of those things - and that the truth would be much more shocking than what she initially thought.


Spoiler

The Supernatural. Demons, angels, religion and magic - something she doesn't have much belief in for the most part in her life, apparently does exist and had always existed in the background.

How was she meant to react to such a thing? She lived her life with reality already set in her mind. But now she found herself realizing that it was all a lie, and that her sister was now apparently involved with such a thing.

She knew that her sister had her own masks to wear, but since when was she able to wield a katana like that? And since when was she able to fight like she was like in some sort of anime? When did she even gain the strength to act like a superhuman?

Was she even the same sister Haru had in the first place? She looked so different from the girl she knew, the one that looked so vulnerable and lacking in self-esteem.

At some point, her sister had changed it seems.

However, whether that was for the better or not was still to be decided.

And so, even as Haru found herself utterly blindsided by everything in this new world she set foot on - she still went on to do her task to observe and steer her to what she thinks is her right path.

Because… that was her duty as the elder sister, after all.


How does one find a time traveler?

Yuki had seen many types of media which involve time travel, and with her turning meta, the need to study different stories made her much more familiar with such things.

First of all, there are different types of time travel, each with their own effects to consider. The first kind would be the time travel coming from the very far from the future. An example of this would be the witches which Rias had dealt with before. They come from the far future - or in other words, a different setting entirely.

In stories, that type of time travel is just part of the setting. The mere act of time travel is not the main focus - rather, it's the future itself, in the form of its wonder technology and things to explore. In effect, that makes time travel just a medium to explore other parts of the setting. It's no different to a portal transporting a person to a different and fantastical world in terms of use.

However, there is also a second type of time travel. One where the protagonist that has the ability to go back in time regrets something in the past.

This type explores time traveling more as a story. Instead of being used as a way to explore 'the future', it shows the effects of the actions that the protagonist takes to fix a problem that happens in the past. Of course, things don't go the way people expect after doing so, and it becomes an interesting story in its own right. Perhaps it would be a power fantasy. Or perhaps it would be grim and serious. The possibilities are endless.

Basa-kun theorized that it might be the latter, involving some of the other settings included in the world-affecting scenario. More specifically, he mentioned that it would likely be a hypothetical time traveling delinquent.

She'd like to have some more solid confirmation about that… but then again, that was the very reason why she was here investigating. And she couldn't dismiss the fact that the others had already found the 'sources' for the change in the other settings.

V and Aoki-san had already determined that an alien from Hakoniwa Academy caused a destructive fight in another alien setting. The last she'd heard from them, they were checking out the shrine she had told them of and found out that they were hosting a group which apparently deals with yokai and aliens - with one of the characters, the heroine, clearly being an esper.

A strange setting, but not one of the strangest that she'd heard of.

Rias was also the same. Minutes earlier, she received a text notifying that she just finished rescuing the person captured by the fallen angels near Akumano Academy. She also determined that the chaotic gang war happening here shouldn't be at the level that it occurred, and that the one responsible for it all - a demon called 'En Belzeebub' - was supposed to be playing video games in his room instead of joining the fight himself.

Basa-kun apparently quickly put a stop to that though. He quickly defeated the demon and went on his way to look for possible easier-to-miss changes outside the main source of the world-affecting scenario. The ones that they currently aren't doing.

That said, with the rest crossed out, the only possible settings left are the delinquents, the time travelers and the super-powered students. The latter of the three also likely belonged in the main source of the scenario itself… which pretty much leaves her with delinquents and time travelers.

So if that were the case, what type of time travel would it be? If it were to involve a delinquent, then it would likely be the second type. One where they would fix a previous regret.

If that was the case, then the signs are easy to look for - it was to find the most successful gang around. And it's especially good if said gang came out of nowhere like a dark horse.

However, there was one small problem.

"—Bring it on, you bastards!!!"

It was that such gangs are dime a dozen.

Yuki watched from far away as a gang she was observing fought off a much larger group that surrounded them. But despite their enemy's overwhelming number advantage, the gang was somehow holding them off much to their shock. And with the gang fighting while covering each other's backs, standing tall despite their bruised and bloody faces - it made for a very inspiring scene.

"I-Impossible, just who are these people…!?"

"What's with these kids…!?"

"They're really laying their life for this… did they go insane?"

And as their enemies shouted those words - the one in front of the group, someone who Yuki assumed to be their leader, smiled ferociously while bleeding heavily from his head. Then after bringing down someone who attempted to punch him, he looked around and shouted at their enemies.

"This place is under our protection!" he cried out. "I already made the mistake of running away from a fight with you bastards a few years ago - and I'm not going to do it again! So if you want to mess with this town, then you'll have to go through my dead body!"

It was a very passionate declaration.

And it also proved that this wasn't the time traveler that Yuki was looking for.

She turned away from the group upon hearing that and left. The 'gang war' happening currently spans plenty of schools as seen in the challenge letters her sister had given them along with the information she received from the delinquents she interrogated. And so, after crossing out this recent one, she moved on to the next group that she'd heard of.

The next one would be… at Mizo High School, it seems. And it's relatively close to where they were.

Yuki was about to move, but she paused when she noticed something from the side. A group of delinquents seemed to have spotted her and were heading in her direction.

"Hey, looks like we missed one!"

"Her uniform is different. Which gang is she from?"

"That doesn't matter. Look, she's got a katana! Take care of her quickly!"

Not hesitating from what they treat as an active warzone, they rushed at her with bats, brass knuckles, and pipes. Yuki put her hand on her spirit weapon's pommel and consecutively dodged their hits - before quickly drawing her sword and swinging it to them with a flash.

—Schwing!

The thugs stopped in their tracks. And Yuki, having dashed through them, brought back her sword back to its sheathe. And the very moment her sword's pommel clicked against the head of the sheath itself…

"Kuh…!"

"Grrk—!"

…The thugs dropped on the ground, completely unconscious with their eyes rolled up. Yuki glanced at them, and then the area around her to check if there were anymore of their gang who was around. But that doesn't seem to be the case.

With that, she turned to the other person following her. Yuki glanced at her sister, who had been standing there with wide eyes ever since… Well, the past hour, give or take.

"Nee-san. It's time to move." she told her.

Her sister was still staring at unconscious thugs, stunned. For a moment there was silence… then when Yuki was thinking of calling her again to gain her attention, she finally spoke.

"Yuki-chan, did you just kill these people?" she asked.

Yuki blinked at her sudden question.

"Ah, no." she replied. "I used the flat of my blade. They're fine nee-san, just unconscious."

"F-Flat of your blade…?" her sister's face looked like she was having difficulty comprehending the situation. "Something so chuunibyou… No, I-I suppose something like that can actually occur, huh? My sister is actually using a katana now…"

Yuki found her face heating up a bit after her sister's comment, even if she didn't try to show it. She was right, it does seem a bit chuuni to say. But the embarrassment was curtailed by the fact that it was the truth.

So she shook her head and focused. "Anyway, nee-san, I'm moving on to my next destination." she told her. "Unless you want to leave and process everything away from this? You don't need to come. I can freely answer everything later after everything is done."

Her sister tensed. "No. I'm coming with you."

"…Very well." Yuki said with a nod, before turning around to walk beside her. "Then, please hold that handkerchief that I gave you. I'm sure you've surmised it by now, but that handkerchief hides people in a certain range. It should keep you from being noticed by some of the more mundane fighters here."

She paused for a moment, before continuing to speak.

"But if I encounter someone who's also aware of the supernatural then it might not work. So please hide away if that's the case. I can't guarantee that you'll be safe if you stay around." she told her.

"Will there be someone like that here?" her sister asked, unsure.

"I can't say anything solidly." Yuki said, avoiding any flags that she might say after already messing up earlier. "There might be some people in the area who are aware and practice magic, but I have reasons to believe that the chances of us encountering them are low."

"Right…" Haru muttered, before looking around as the two of them passed by a gang fight unnoticed. "...It really does work. So this is magic? Just what else can you do with this sort of thing…?"

"Just about anything if you're clever enough. As I said earlier, it's like science." Yuki answered.

"I don't think science can let a handkerchief hide people while they're in plain sight, sister."

"You'd be surprised." she commented. "But I said that it's only like science. There's a system to it all that you have to follow, but it's hard. And quite varying at times. I can say that it's definitely much harder to understand than science."

Magic systems are one of the strangest things to learn. Due to the sheer number of supernatural settings around with each of them trying to be unique, the magic learned in one story is different in the other. However, there's a great degree of overlap happening in the magical genre, so that can only be attributed to magic itself being generally flexible. The extremely difficult ones to learn are the isolated systems, because they work on a different logic entirely.

If she could compare it to something, it would be like learning different dialects or languages. With the dialects being the magic systems that overlap while the different languages would be the isolated ones.

However, the latter needed one to be meta first. That meant that her sister would likely be learning the former. Not to say that it'd still be easy for her - because even with a talented teacher like Basa-kun and Rias, Yuki still had a hard time to get to the point that she was in now.

If she had an interest in studying it, that is.

"I see…" her sister muttered, staring at the handkerchief in her hand. "…Can I keep this? This seems useful."

Yuki gave her a flat look. "You can't. It's a treasured possession of mine. In fact, please be careful with it."

—What was she saying? Of course her sister would be interested. Now she can only hope that interest isn't due to her thinking of new ways to manipulate people.

In any case, her sister doesn't seem bothered by her refusal. Instead, she actually looked curious.

"Oh? A treasured possession, you say?" she asked, before looking over the handkerchief once more. "Hmm, now that I think about it, this design doesn't look like your style… this is from a boy, isn't it? Don't tell me it's from Basa-kun?"

Her brow twitched.

"H-How did you even get to that conclusion?" she asked incredulously.

"You just stuttered Yuki-chan. So I am right, aren't I?"

Yuki let out a breath, looking away from her sister and trying to ignore the heat in her face.

"…So what if you are?" she muttered. As expected, her sister just seems to know how to push her buttons. "That doesn't really matter much, does it?"

Even without looking, she could feel Haru's gaze at her.

"You really are smitten with that guy, huh." her sister observed. "I've never seen you make a face like that before. It looks like I've been seeing new sides of you today, Yuki-chan."

That strangely reflective statement made Yuki glance at her once more. "…The same goes for you, nee-san. I don't think I've ever seen half the expressions you've been making since earlier." she answered. "The both of us are learning a lot of new things between one another, it seems."

"You're right about that. Honestly, this is the most proper we've communicated for years, haven't we?"

Yuki paused at her sister's words, and she glanced at her.

Her sister was staring up in the sky with an expression she couldn't quite identify. Her eyes weren't really looking at the clouds up above, but rather at something else. A faraway that only her sister could see, whatever it was.

And it was with that look that Haru continued.

"I can see that you've changed Yuki. It took me seeing you fight in a way that's straight out of an anime, but it really does look like it." her sister spoke. "This was the reason why you allowed me to be with you, right? You could've left me alone and I wouldn't be able to do anything about it. But you didn't, just to show me this."

"…Yes." Yuki replied after a moment, before looking away. "I told you a few days ago. I wanted to prove to you that you don't have to worry anymore, and this is me honoring that promise."

—People are naturally deceitful creatures.

That was a lesson that she had learned in her life.

They can never understand each other short of actual mind-reading magic or devices. People lie to each other and to themselves all the time, and relationships can get entangled in the process. She had naively thought at some point that she could improve herself to the point that she suffered no consequences from that, but all it ended up was her getting caught in drama that had overwhelmed her.

However, as accurate as that statement is - it doesn't mean that's always the case.

It just seemed that way because that was what all it was for them. Drama characters like her are fated to be caught in a strange web of relationships for the sake of the narrative. Misunderstandings, trickery, denial - those are the things that will always follow them for each attempt to form a bond.

But with her turning meta, Yuki was free of that. She was able to see beyond what her previous life offered, and she was finally able to witness the beauty of simplicity and everything else that came with it.

People are naturally deceitful, yes. They can be terrible, hypocritical, and hard to trust.

But so what?

It shouldn't stop people from trying to understand. No one is born perfect, which is why people will always try to make sense of themselves and others. They will try to make sense of everything, trying to uncover and fathom something even if they cannot.

So there was no point in overthinking about it. You just have to live with the fact that people are hard to understand and trust, and then try to understand and trust people despite all that. Because the mere act of striving to make sense of everything around you, thinking that it will result in some sort of happiness or peace of mind…

Well, that's just life, isn't it?

"—Let's be genuine to each other, nee-san."

Her sister paused at Yuki's sudden words.

"That's a bit out of nowhere." Haru commented. "What do you mean by that, Yuki-chan?"

She let out a breath. "You know what I mean. No more talking in circles, no more approaching the other with complicated schemes. Let's talk to each other properly." Yuki told her. "I realize that I've not been truthful about many things in the past and… well, so are you, really. But I realize that it's mostly because of me as well."

Yuki admitted that with a frown, before continuing to speak.

"I looked up to you. And I wanted to be like you. But I wasn't going about it right, and I realized that you were just guiding me in your own strange way." she reflected. "There are times that I hated you. But I suppose you liked it that I wasn't comfortable in your presence… because it meant finally stepping out of your shadow, or something like that."

She remembered it. She remembered the disapproval in her face when she wanted to follow her sister's footsteps. Except, it wasn't really following - since in the end, she always had to depend on her sister or someone else because her methods don't achieve results.

But now…

"But now, there's really no point in doing that anymore, nee-san." she told her. "You've said it yourself: I've changed. So please, just tell me things straight if you have something to say - I'm sure that I've earned a little bit of your trust to have that, right?"

Haru turned silent.

For a very long moment as they walked, there was only silence between the two of them. Yuki quietly waited for her sister's judgement, wondering whether she would agree with her request to reconcile their strange relationship.

And then finally, after a long while of waiting, she spoke.

"…You've matured, Yuki." Haru stated solemnly. "It's ironic that my sister would finally stop chasing after unrealistic things after being part of the supernatural but… I suppose that's what happens when someone gets actual magical powers. They get one hell of a confidence boost."

Then she sighed, before looking forward once more.

"I suppose that's another thing to thank Basa-kun for, after the whole deal of him apparently saving you. It seems that you've changed because of whatever happened while you're with him."

Yuki didn't deny that. That was exactly the case, after all.

"That said… despite everything you've said…" her sister suddenly muttered darkly. "It doesn't mean I'll approve of your relationship yet!"

She blinked. "…Huh?"

Her sister wagged a finger. "Tsk tsk tsk. Just because he helped you mature doesn't mean that he's automatically approved, Yuki-chan! There are more things I need to know about him before I could do that, especially after knowing what I know now!"

Yuki paused.

Why exactly was she talking about this? This was definitely an attempt to steer the conversation away from their current topic. An unnaturally obvious and sloppy attempt even, considering that it's her sister who was doing it.

So why? Why did she say that? Was this a rejection of her request? She turned to look at her sister and—


Spoiler

—Ah.

It seems that there was no need for her sister to answer anything, with a face like that.

And so, looking away from her sister's embarrassed expression, Yuki smiled. "But I don't really need your approval, you know that right, nee-san?" she said, playing along. "And I doubt that you can stop us. Your political power doesn't mean anything in the supernatural world."

"How mean! And this is after you said that we're going to be genuine to each other? Does having a genuine relationship mean trampling over my opinions, dear sister?"

That made Yuki close her eyes and sigh.

"Now that's just unfair." she stated, before opening one eye and glancing towards her sister. "…But aren't you a bit unqualified to judge something like that, nee-san? As far as I know, you haven't had any relationships yet, right?"

"Huh? That's just a low blow right there. You're the one being unfair now, Yuki!"

"You started it."

"Hmph! It's my right as an elder sister." she said, crossing her arms. "And I really am not sure about that Basa-kun, you know? I can't make heads or tails of that guy, so you don't know what he's thinking! Why, just the other day, he mentioned that he was in a harem! Can you believe that?"

Yuki stiffened.

Her sister didn't miss it. "…Yuki?"

"A-Ahem. Well." she stuttered, floundering how to explain this, before spotting something in the distance. "Ah, it looks like we've arrived at our destination, nee-san… Let's just discuss this later, alright?" she told her.

Haru stared at her, the playful expression she held earlier disappearing in exchange for an expression that seemed like a mix of disbelief and incredulity. Then that same expression hardened, and the woman opened her mouth to speak—

"Bastard! Dieeee!!!"

—But then a shout from somewhere in front of them made her stop. The both of them tensed.

Looks like her talk with her sister would really have to be delayed later.

Yuki put her hand on the pommel of her sword as she looked over the chaotic fight that was currently occurring right in front of the school. It was a familiar scene, similar to the previous groups she had checked out before: A single gang was surrounded but was somehow managing to fight them off, displaying an inspiring scene of man versus many.

That said, this group was more noticeable compared to the other ones Yuki had seen before.


Spoiler

For one, their emblem was the manji character. It was a symbol that meant well-being and good fortune, but it was unfortunately frequently misunderstood by many foreigners due to it being similar to the Nazi swastika. However, the right-facing clockwise direction of the symbol clearly made it different from the left-facing counterclockwise direction of swastika, so unless it was a major misprint, Yuki likely wasn't looking at some neo-nazi delinquent group.

And seeing the symbol on what she associates more with temples than a gang - she also immediately recognized who they are. She had heard the names of the powerhouse gangs from the people she interrogated, and this was one of them.

The To-man Gang. She didn't know what the 'To' means, but the 'man' part definitely means manji in this case.

"Stay here, nee-san. I'll be right back." Yuki said, before stepping out of the boundary field's range.

Haru nodded. "Right, I'll—" Yuki disappeared. "—Eh?"

She quickly reappeared in the nearby rooftops using a pseudo-flash step technique used by humans in the same setting as her spiritual weapons. Not one of the people were able to spot her when she did that, and no one also spotted the girl with the katana who was conspicuously standing on the rooftop of a building near where they were fighting.

That made the setting lacking the supernatural entirely. Convenient, since it meant that she could easily find out what was happening. Especially when it looks like this setting was more different from the ones she saw earlier.

"What the hell are you doing!? Beat that guy up already!"

"I am! B-But this guy… he just keeps standing up!"

"How is he still conscious in that state…?"

The flow of events were the same. A group was surrounded and they're displaying an incredible fighting spirit. But unlike what she saw earlier, the scene right now was undoubtedly more gruesome. Blood was everywhere, and while action anime have a tendency to be generous regarding that - relative to the other characters here, the amount the person being beat up is unnatural.

It was as if he was just a mundane person from her drama plot. The level of brutality is eerily realistic, one that was disturbing enough to make Yuki think if she'd have to step in and stop a murder happening in front of her.

She didn't have to, however. And the reason was clear when the beat up delinquent spoke.


Spoiler

"It doesn't hurt…" the delinquent stated, somehow managing to stand despite the incredible pain he was in. "This pain… It's nothing compared to what really hurts. The pain of losing everything dear to you… Something like this doesn't compare at all!"

The impossible sight clearly disturbed the delinquents attacking him. Enough so that when he stepped forward, looking roaring to go for another round - the delinquents all stepped back reflexively, terrified.

"What the hell are you waiting for, you bastards!?" he shouted, his voice clear and steady even through the beating he took. "You said you wanted all this, right!? Then you better get your shit together and attack me!"

"—Fight for what you believe in! Just like I do right now!"

It was a passionate declaration, similar to the group she observed before.

However his words held a silent implication, and a drama character like Yuki managed to pick out the hidden meaning in his words almost instantly. He said that the pain was nothing compared to losing your loved ones, and that implied that he's lost his loved ones before for him to feel that way.

Perhaps something did happen in the past for this to happen. A traumatic experience which made him act desperate enough to shrug off such a beating… But realistically, the odds of something like that happening in a developed country like Japan and in a relatively middle class neighborhood like this are, evidently, somewhat low.

Sure, some people in her country had it hard, but she was sure their problems weren't as bad in comparison to a wartorn country like Westalis. So either this person must have a really colorful backstory to have something like that… or perhaps, the said 'past' hasn't happened yet, and he was fighting to stop the possibility of a tragedy happening.

Yuki might have just found the time traveler she was looking for.

But that was still conjecture. She'd have to prove it, and acting upon what she determined before about the genre - she went with the most convenient and quickest way to do it.

Another pseudo-flash step. The world sped by her as she disappeared from the rooftops and went down to where the delinquents were fighting. To them, they might have blinked only to see that a girl appeared out of nowhere - and judging by their reaction it might have been just that.

"What the—?"

Yuki snapped her fingers and a bounded field spread around her.

The delinquent in front of her wasn't able to finish speaking. And so was every other person around him, for that matter. It looked as if they froze in time, but the bounded field didn't do anything as fancy as that. All it did was produce a simple hypnotic effect that made them stop thinking for a bit, similar to a person getting lost in a daze.

And with that, Yuki was free to gather information.

"I didn't really want to do this method, but with time being a possible factor…" she sighed, before heading right towards the main character and extending her hand towards his head. "…Well, I hope you understand. Nobody is getting hurt after all."

Saying apologies that definitely went unheard, she then began reading the memories from the delinquent.

His name was Takemichi. A student of Mizo High, founding member of the To-man Gang, and… a time traveler in the future. Ah, it seems that she was correct in her conjecture. From the looks of it, this Takemichi has somehow stumbled upon the power to travel back in time for exactly twelve years, as long as he completes certain stringent requirements.

Currently, he doesn't know how exactly he gained the power. And there are also no clear outliers in his memories which took her attention. Still, while those might help, she didn't really need his memories to determine whatever the world-affecting scenario had changed in this person's narrative.

She brought out the simulating orb device from her subspace pocket and held it up to the dazed delinquent. Then it activated, simulating with great accuracy what the current narrative would be if it wasn't for outlier effects.

And there, she was able to see…

Her eyes narrowed.

"Not much difference… only that it's bloodier and involves more people than what was supposed to happen." she muttered in thought. "This gang war definitely made things harder for them. And there might be a possibility of character death as well… I should probably heal these people to prevent that from happening."

She wasn't skilled with healing, but giving him a single sip from a health potion in her subspace might be enough to make a difference. She did just that, returning the simulation device and exchanging it with glass phial, before giving him little drops of the healing potion in his mouth.

She then did the same to the rest of the gang with him. Some of their wounds visibly healed, but one can only notice it after a very close look. And that wouldn't be something the people around can do with the combination of them being dazed from the bounded field, the tendency to ignore small details in the fight, and the most important fact that the genre divide wouldn't allow them to notice it.

This should be enough.

With that, she turned around and walked away from the frozen people, heading to the direction where her sister was waiting. She's going to have to observe some more in order to determine if there would be any additional changes, as well as to see the cause of the change itself.

Time travelers should be involved in a way… but the memories don't really give anything specific. She should try to inspect it again to see if there was something that the delinquent missed.

And so, as she left the bounded field and was about to leave the school grounds, Yuki prepared to snap her fingers once more and cancel the bounded field—

"E-Eh…? Nobody's moving… Did I already stop time before I got here?"

—But then a sudden unfamiliar voice entered her ears, making her freeze.

Yuki turned around, and there, she saw a person that she had never seen before seemingly pop out of nowhere without her noticing.


Spoiler

It was a cute orange-haired girl. She was looking around the place with a clueless look on her face, but in contrast to that, the words she muttered held very terrifying implications. Furthermore whoever this person was, they were definitely not from this school judging by her uniform.

And speaking of said uniform… Yuki immediately recognized it. After all, it belonged in the one setting Basa-kun told them to not make contact with.

Hakoniwa Academy. The very source of the problem they were dealing with now.

Yuki stood there, shocked as the very likely cause for the changes in this setting suddenly appeared before her. The girl looked around for a moment, observing the frozen delinquents, before tilting her head.

"I guess I must have stopped time. Strange, I don't remember doing it…" she paused for a moment, before shaking her head. "…Oh well. Time to get to work."

Saying that, the girl then approached the main character and did… something. She wasn't quite entirely clear as to what she did. From an outside view, she just saw the girl close her eyes and scrunch her face in effort, as if she was willing something to happen in her mind.

However, Yuki's senses were feeling something completely different. She felt something terrifying happening before her, her magical and spiritual senses reacting to the sight similar to one might feel when dealing with cosmic horror - the feeling of dread when faced with something unfathomable, of a fundamental rule in the universe being so easily broken.

And then it was done. The girl brought her hand down and relaxed, finishing whatever task that she just did.

"Right, and with this, he could probably spread it after finishing his goals. Task accomplished!" the girl said proudly, pumping her fists. "Now, going back to the others… Eh?"

The girl looked up in shock as the sky darkened a bit from the clouds covering the sun slightly.

"W-Wait, the clouds are still moving? What's going on…?" she looked around in confusion. "Time is currently stopped, isn't it? Everyone is clearly frozen—"

The girl met Yuki's eyes. She blinked.

And so did Yuki.

"Ahh!?" the girl suddenly shouted in panic, tensing—

Yuki grit her teeth and quickly used her pseudo-flash step. She instantly appeared right next to the girl, already having drawn her sword, before slashing it as fast as she could. However it didn't hit anything - only making the girl's eyes widen as the flat of her blade narrowly missed her head, cutting strands of hair instead.

—And then, the girl suddenly disappeared, as if she popped out of existence.

Yuki's eyes were wide, feeling her panic rise as she considered this new situation. She just made direct contact with the people who are responsible for the world-affecting scenario by accident. And she allowed them to escape instead of wiping their memories.

This was bad. She needed to tell the others.

And so, after picking up some of the hair she cut down to use for scrying later - Yuki then dashed back to where her sister was waiting while deactivating the bounded field behind her.

When she arrived, she saw that Haru had obediently stayed where she was earlier. Her sister took one look at her hurried look and expressed her concern.

"Yuki? What's wrong?" she asked.

"I'm sorry, nee-san. I'll have to leave you alone for now." Yuki quickly replied, before using the portal device to open a portal beside her. "Here. This should get you back to school. We'll talk about this later."

Her sister stared at her, and when it was clear that she wasn't going to budge on this - Haru nodded, before giving her the handkerchief she lent her.

"…Fine. But you better hold yourself to that."

"I will."

Yuki replied that with a serious tone and watched as, after a brief apprehension, her sister went through the portal that she made. And after confirming that her sister was on the other side, she quickly closed the portal and brought out her phone to alert the others of what happened.


‣Yuki
Apologies everyone, there is a grave emergency! I had an encounter with the character from the source setting after dealing with their changes. They managed to escape before I could do anything.


She sent the message on their group chat where it was quickly read by the others despite the fact that they were busy. Yuki felt frustration inside her for failing her task which was marginally easier than the others, who were undoubtedly fighting much dangerous threats.

What was she doing, letting this happen? She should've been more careful. Her sister had said she had matured but it seems that she still had a long way to go.

She knew that the others wouldn't fault her, since the possibility was raised when they prepared all this - but that didn't matter. She still failed. And she disappointed the others slightly just because she didn't react fast enough.

And so, she waited with a heavy heart as the others went on to respond to her message… However, the moment that they did - Yuki's eyes widened in surprise, not expecting the reply that followed.



‣Rias
Ehh!? You too?

‣Yuki
What do you mean, Rias?

‣Rias
I encountered someone just now when I was dealing with the gangs!

‣Rias
Some guy from Hakoniwa Academy got involved with Akumano in spreading mutated demons.

‣Rias
It looked like those cursed spirits from that one setting. I even saw sorcerers from there deal with it!

‣Aoki
Actually, we're the same. We made contact with the alien who is apparently a student in Hakoniwa, who also caused the changes in the local alien settings.

‣Rias
wait so everyone had the same experience?

‣Yuki
Are you two alright, Aoki-san?

‣Aoki
We are. But V's currently fixing her arm after it got destroyed in the action. We're back in Basa-kun's apartment for now.

‣Yuki
I'll be right there.


Yuki brought down her phone with narrowed eyes.

—So she wasn't the only one?

As her mind raced about the implications of that, she quickly formed a portal and went back to Basa-kun's apartment. And there, she was immediately met with the sight of Aoki-san and V, with the former assisting the latter in fixing her mechanical arm while also holding a phone in her hand.

Almost simultaneously, Yuki saw that another portal had formed beside her. And stepped out of it was Rias who had a similarly alert expression.

"Yuki-chan, Rias-chan. I'm glad you're safe!" Aoki-san said in relief when they arrived.

"We are, but what about you two? How did V's arm get destroyed?" Yuki immediately asked.

"We encountered the alien when we tried to find out any more changes with nearby alien settings." V answered clinically. "It suspected that we were pursuing her and moved to intercept us. It was very powerful since their race can manipulate reality by changing data, and it took me sacrificing my arm to get us here."

"I see." That was the right move. If there was any place to evacuate, it would be Basa-kun's apartment. This place is arguably the safest place in the world, after all. "It's good that all of you are unhurt besides that."

"So all of us also encountered people from that setting… What should we do? Should we expect some sort of attack from them?" Rias muttered with a frown.

Yuki wondered about that as well. The main reason why they wanted to avoid direct contact with that setting is because of the overpowered characters, especially the reality warper that Basa-kun was concerned about.

But despite their efforts, it seems that things still ended up this way. They were safe for now in this apartment considering the amount of defenses present - however, what would be their next move? How would this contact affect the direction of the world-affecting scenario?

As she wondered that, the phone in her began to ring as she received a call. Yuki and everyone else blinked before looking at her, and Yuki stared at the phone's screen to see who the caller was.

It was Basa-kun. She immediately picked it up.

"Basa-kun." she greeted.

"I've seen what happened." he immediately stated, his voice echoing in the living room and making Yuki nod. Right, of course he would be aware of what's happening in the city. "For now you all should just stay put in the apartment. I assume that you all dealt with the changes in the nearby settings?"

Yuki looked around, and the others nodded.

"We did." she answered. "But those people…"

"Yeah, you guys were definitely set up by this shitty world. The plan hinges on us avoiding the source and dealing with it once things are done, but this definitely raises the stakes." he let out a sigh. "That said, it's not like we didn't prepare for this in the past few days. I'll go ahead and do the next part."

"Will all of us interacting with them matter? The possibility of someone failing was raised, but with all of us experiencing this simultaneously…"

"It's fine." he waved off. "You already accomplished the main objective. The point is to contain the effects in the original setting, which means it won't cause an uncontrolled domino effect. That's what's important here, so good job on doing that."

"But didn't you say that we shouldn't make contact with those people?" Rias asked in concern. "After all, you said that reality warper is aware of everything happening within her setting since she's super OP! Should we expect an attack from her if that was the case?"

"Not really. You don't worry about that reality warper, either."

"Why is that?" Yuki asked.

"Because if she really wanted us gone, then we'd be dead already."

—His reply was like a sudden douse of freezing cold water.

As she and the others stiffened, Yuki furrowed her brows and spoke. "What do you mean by that, Basa-kun?"

There was a moment of silence.

"...I didn't want to say this. Hoped not to, really. Since it'll just serve as a distraction." he admitted. "But as I said, that person is dangerous. She is the very definition of unfairness, and out of everything in this shitty world I am very confident that she is one of the possible characters who could destroy the universe. Not the world or galaxy - the entire universe. That's how powerful she is."

"The flimsy defenses in my apartment don't matter in the face of someone like her because, well, there's no beating that person in the eyes of the story. Not without a significant amount of plot armor, that is… That said, she probably still doesn't know where all of you are. Nor is she interested in doing that. From what I know of her, she's essentially just a bored god that lets interesting things develop before involving herself."

There was a poignant silence in the living room after Basa-kun revealed that to them.

He had told them plenty of times that the reality warper is powerful. However, she didn't think that it would be at that level. A person who could potentially destroy the entire universe? Just how ridiculously powerful would someone like that be?

Yuki couldn't even comprehend it. She couldn't even visualize the scale of destruction that would result in, or how someone could defeat a person like that. She couldn't even think of a way that the story could make up a plot to beat such a person, considering she's apparently the main antagonist.

And more importantly, she couldn't even imagine how Basa-kun could face off with them and be so calm about it. Because she doubted that even Basa-kun, who was the most powerful person that she knew, could defeat a being such as that.

Which is why Yuki - with her mind a mess of worry, anxiety, and the slightest bit of frustration due to only knowing this now - muttered her next words to the phone.

"…I would've preferred it if you told us about this earlier." she said to him. "Why didn't you tell us this, Basa-kun?"

He let out a breath.

"Exactly because of your current state. You're pretty worried, right?" he answered her. "No amount of saying 'it'll be fine' from me would satisfy you since, well, that reality warper can destroy the universe. I don't want you jumping at shadows and worrying about something that you don't need to; It's counterproductive. You were all focusing on avoiding contact with characters from the original setting, and I don't need you second guessing yourself worrying about the reality warper after that."

Perhaps that was the case. Despite Basa-kun suspecting otherwise, even now she wonders if the reality warper is aware of them, watching their every move and simply not acting.

That said, despite knowing all that…

Aoki-san frowned as she stared down at her phone. "That's not good, Basa-kun. You should've told us." she scolded, speaking what they all thought. "It doesn't matter if it's counterproductive. We still have the right to worry about it, considering you're going to face them off."

Another silence on the other end of the call. And somehow, Yuki could imagine Basa-kun on the other side, looking away guiltily while scratching the back of his head.

"…Right, sorry. I'll try to be better next time." he apologized.

"Yeah, you better say sorry! We expect that you will make it up to us after this!" Rias said with an emphatic nod.

"Uh huh." Basa-kun's voice was decidedly unimpressed this time, but in the end he seemed to accept that. "But alright. Guess I'll make it up to you guys. Maybe by bringing souvenirs or something…"

Souvenirs? What exactly did he mean by that? Did he plan to go somewhere?

Well, she supposed that doesn't really matter right now. Thinking about that can come later.

In any case, the tension upon learning new facts about the reality warper lessened a bit from Rias' antics. Still it was clear that their minds were still trying to digest that. But out of all of them, it was V who, being the pragmatic person that she was, quickly recovered and asked the important question.

"So how can she be dealt with?" she asked.

"Leave that to me." Basa-kun replied vaguely. "As I said, I'm going to go to Hakoniwa Academy after this."

Rias frowned. "And what about you? Are you sure that you're going to be okay, Basa-kun?"

"I know what to do - I already dealt with this before. Just keep an eye on everything, especially those guys that saw you. This would take a lot of focus that I can't afford to monitor others." he answered, before adding something after a momentary pause. "…By the way, there's also another thing I need to apologize for. There's a good chance I might disappear for a few days, so don't freak out if that happens, yeah?"

Yuki and the others blinked.

"H-Huh? Why?" she asked.

"Sorry, can't say why. Just trust me on that." he answered, and she could imagine him looking away again. "Anyway, time is running out. I'll see you. And I swear I'll make it up to you guys after this, seriously."

"What are you—" the call cut off. "—saying…?"

Yuki gaped at her phone.

"…What the heck!? Did he suddenly end the call after saying that!?" Rias fumed, thinking the same thing as she did. "We need an explanation! He can't just say that without elaborating!"

Yuki closed her eyes and massaged the bridge of her nose, letting out a frustrated breath as she did so.

That person… what was he doing, not elaborating about what he said? There's a chance he'll disappear for a few days? What does that even mean? And how can they not freak out if that's the case?

What could possibly be the reason why he would do all this without explanation?

"…Perhaps he can't explain." V offered, making Yuki and Rias pause. The woman's brows were furrowed in thought as she spoke. "That man might be vague at times, but he never withholds vital information unless he has a reason to do so. He could be practicing operational security. You can never be too careful with a reality warper that powerful, after all."

"Y-Yes, so let's all calm down, alright?" Aoki-san also said, trying to put them at ease, before gaining a frown herself. "…And like what Basa-kun said, we still need to keep an eye on those people we encountered earlier. We should work on that for now."

Yuki let out a sigh.

"Yes… I suppose that makes sense." she muttered, before looking away. "…I still don't like it though."

Aoki-san smiled at her. "Believe me Yuki-chan, I'm worried as well. But talking about that can come later."

Rias also nodded, but then she looked thoughtful. "Right… But going back on monitoring them, how exactly can we do that? Do we even know where to find those people?"

"If there was any place that they'd be, then it would likely be in their school." Yuki inferred. "We're not sure though, so it's better to check if that was the case. And if they are, then we can leave them to Basa-kun while we focus more on double-checking the changes in the nearby settings."

If they really are in their school, then Basa-kun might have already dealt with them already. And while the setting of the place is… gripping, in a way that existential horror would fascinate someone due to its implications, the only real threat to Basa-kun there is actually the reality warper.

That said… "Regarding how we can see them, I think I have a solution for that."

Yuki then brought out the strands of hair she cut off from the time traveler.

"This should be enough for us to scry the time traveler's location." Yuki stated. "She escaped when I went after her, so chances are she should be where her allies are staying. This way, we can observe what they're doing remotely and we wouldn't leave the safety of this apartment in case those people attack us."

"Ohh! That's great! Let's get to doing that, then!" Rias said excitedly.

She nodded. "Yes, we should."

With that, they moved to prepare a scrying ritual. It usually involved a crystal ball or perhaps a basin filled with clear liquid of some sort, but having learned and adapted the spell for modern conveniences - they prepared it by using the TV in Basa-kun's living room.

Finishing the final incantation and channeling prana inside, Yuki placed the strands on hair in a small glowing magic circle near the TV. Simultaneously, the TV turned on and displayed a static signal as the spell searched for the time traveler.

As Aoki helped V fix up her arm, the two were left alone together on the sofa. Rias meanwhile helped her, using her vast magical energy to fuel the scrying in case the distance was farther than expected. The girl had her hand outstretched while also feeding prana to the TV, and as she did that, she spoke.

"This is such a pain… I guess even as people who turned meta, there's just some people out there who we can't take on." the redhead muttered, still digesting what she learned earlier. "A person who can destroy the universe? I know that statement is easily thrown around in anime, but just what the hell is that? Even my brother isn't that powerful."

She then sighed.

"And who knows what those people making a mess of things are capable of. They're only relatively strong compared to that reality warper, but that doesn't really mean anything, does it?" she frowned. "Especially after hearing from Basa-kun how certain characters in those settings act…"

Yuki nodded. She feels the same as well.

It was a cautionary tale for them. Being meta, you can be tempted to do whatever you want in different settings thinking that the genre divide can cover for you. That your actions wouldn't result in bad consequences, especially so when you don't give the world an 'out' to explain things from outside their genre.

That setting was entirely the result of Basa-kun's actions in the past. It was the world's way of coping from his thoughtlessness, turning it into a strange mirror of himself because it couldn't explain anything about his actions.

The main subject of it would be the reality warper, but as for the other characters… Well, they're all terrifying in their own way. Like the time traveler she met as an enemy - that girl seemed weak, but her ability more than makes up for it.

She doesn't know the exact mechanics of her ability but she could easily find her existence erased, and the only saving grace was the fact that her identity is unknown to them.

But who knows how long that'll apply.

"If only we didn't encounter those guys… and all of us as well…" Rias muttered contritely.

Hearing that, Yuki looked down while feeling ashamed, as she remembered something that happened just a couple of hours ago. A stupid quip said in her mind, but might end up just being the one that resulted in all this.

"…I believe I am at fault for that." she confessed, making Rias blink. "A while back, I raised a flag while thinking about something. I'm pretty sure that it's what caused all of this. I'm very sorry for my mistake."

She recalled thinking that the others would fare better than her… and judging by the state of affairs, it definitely didn't go the way she hoped.

However, her bitter self-rumination was interrupted when Rias also said something.

"E-Eh? No way, you did that as well?" Rias suddenly said in surprise. "I actually did the same earlier! I was feeling guilty since I thought I messed everything up!"

—What?

Staring at Rias with wide-eyes, along with the understanding of basic pattern recognition - Yuki then immediately turned to Aoki-san and V, who also looked similarly shocked as they listened from the sofa.

"Could it be, the both of you…?" she asked.

Aoki-san and V nodded, before glancing at one another in surprise as well. That definitely confirms what she suspected. It was exactly like earlier, where all of them experienced the same thing.

What was happening? There's no way this is a coincidence, isn't it?

This was definitely due to the narrative. It was clearly brewing something up for them, especially with the unnatural timings of Basa-kun's alert and the tasks Serafall-san and her sister gave him - but here they are now again, getting caught in its flow without them even knowing.

But what exactly does it have in store, if it made them raise flags? One flag statement definitely results in a bad situation, so what does that mean if all of them did it?

What exactly was waiting for them right now?

—The answer to that question arrived surprisingly fast.

Yuki and the rest stiffened when suddenly, the TV started to become clearer as the scrying ritual finally found its mark. The static gave way to a more identifiable picture, and there they saw the people they were looking for.

It was the time traveler. She was in a place that looked like a student council room - a place that she was inside in just a few hours earlier with her club. And with her were likely the same people that Rias, V, and Aoki-san encountered, judging by the surprise and recognition in their faces.

However, what was strange about them was that they were all in a daze. And the reason for it was Basa-kun who was in the same place. It was clear that he had already done what he needed to do, like what they planned to do days prior to this.

But that wasn't what had surprised them. They didn't even care about the powerful reality warper, which was seated at the head of the table giving Basa-kun a mysterious smile.

Instead, they all stared at the other person in the room with them.

Blonde hair. Tanned skin.

And a mysterious demeanour that knows more than they let on.

"Another Basa-kun…?"

…The narrative, it seems, really gave them a nasty surprise this time.


…

…

Before everything, here's a question to ponder upon.

What does it truly mean to be special?

Well, to be 'special' means to be above a baseline. Being special is a relative property after all. What defines someone as special is defined by what is normal. But that doesn't really answer much.

After all, someone might say everyone is special… However, a closer look would reveal that this is a contradiction. If everyone is special, then the baseline increases and it becomes the new average. So if everyone is special, then no one is.

In that case, 'special' was a synonym for 'inherent human dignity'. It's a social white lie to affirm self-worth, but in reality it's not actually true. As while everyone has equal worth as a human being, not everyone is special in terms of talent, contribution, or rarity.

Being 'special' is also used as a synonym for 'unique' as well, despite being fundamentally different. Everyone is inherently unique at birth. However, being unique doesn't mean you are special - to be special means that there is something in you that is different that is 'better' and 'noteworthy' compared to others. Uniqueness is an objective difference between people, while specialness requires a subjective judgement.

And that makes the special person rare, and the unique person abundant.

Therefore, putting those two together- being special is to be a statistical outlier. Someone who had differentiated themselves from the masses, and a person with great skill, talent and impact that existence or actions deviate from the norm so much that they force the baseline to recalibrate.

Now that's all very deep and all, but how does that relate to the current situation? Well, consider this - I am currently in a shitty anime world, where the wackiest shit happens all for the sake of hooking an audience.

So let's look at those things and spin them into something more entertaining, shall we?

Like for example, take those concepts of what it means to be special that has been discussed. Now, turn them into literal superpowers. Make it so that 'talent', that which separates someone special from a baseline, at some point becomes so extreme that the laws of reality don't apply.

Or in other words - turn someone into a 'main character with a special power'.

Now, make it so that they're gathered in a single school, along with a bunch of normal people here and there.

—And that's how you get this place.


Spoiler

Hakoniwa Academy.

That's what this place essentially is. A setting where all the main characters are gathered. How ridiculous is that? Just how much of a mess will be made in such a place? Perhaps that's the appeal of it.

A place filled with superpowered students who are seen as special, having 'skills' that can either be talent, magic, or any other superpower. Such skills are also quite general, from having abilities that simply make a person good at a certain thing, up to having abilities so strange, obscure and overpowered that the setting with punch ghosts will go green with envy.

Then… There's also the one thing that separates it from the other narratives out there in this shitty world. One that is displayed in a flashy, yet unimportant fight currently happening within the school grounds.

"Useless! You can't beat me. You're just a side character in this world!"

"I don't care! Even a side character like me… I can be special! I can prove it!"

"Hm!? Those words…!"

Some of the characters here are aware of the narrative and the tropes that come with it.

They are aware of their position as a character in the story and are even actively using it for their own ends. Perhaps it's due to the nature of the story of 'main characters gathering and fighting' that the narrative becomes an actual thing they use.

But wait a minute, one might think, does that mean that these people are meta like I and the others are?

Fascinatingly enough, no. That is actually not the case.

Some stories just turn more meta than others. For example, there are gag animes out there that actively make meta jokes that touch on the knowledge that I use. Except, this story is much closer to what I am in the way they treat the narrative as an actual force. I even see people use it in a way that I would.

From determining flag-like statements, using expected narrative events only to backtrack and land cheap shots, not messing with the main characters because of plot armor… that sort of stuff.

Except the thing is, it's just limited to that. They're contained in this setting. They can never venture out to other stories and use that knowledge to do whatever they want. The genre divide works on them as much as the other characters out there.

Furthermore, they don't have a complete understanding of the logic of the world itself. There are many moments that tropes or meta statements are said despite the fact that they can have no way to see it in-character. Things like measuring screen time to measure strength, or maybe changing 'genres' despite the fact that a setting's genre is already set the moment a story is told.

It was as if the world was only humoring them. In the end, while they display meta characteristics, it looks like they're as ignorant as everyone else.

They're still people trapped in the cage. They're more aware than most people, but still trapped nonetheless.

Still, this setting was entirely unique in that regard. No other story around the world was like this, and one might wonder how something like this even came to be… Well, the answer to that is quite simple, actually.

—Me.

This place is my greatest mistake. A direct consequence of a time where I was reckless with my actions when I mistook freedom as the lack of responsibility. The world didn't know how to cope with a person acting like I am, who was truly free from its influence.

So it made a setting like this. A place where pseudo-meta people are present. And at the head of it was the person who was the very first person who was affected by it all. One who you could call a major 'victim' of all my recklessness.

After all - in her perspective she was the one who created all of this.

It was because of that why I monitored this place heavily. It was hard, because a single mistake could mean gaining the attention of that reality warper, but I managed to do so and stayed far away from the setting because that was my only real protection against her. Everything was under control, at least for a while.

Then the reality warper cooked up an insane plan to turn all the people in the world into main characters for some reason. A plan that would undoubtedly affect the world as a whole.

Don't ask me how it works, I don't really get it myself. Perhaps it's just a limited understanding of how this world's logic works. The only thing to remember about it was that it was the classic 'make a utopia with sacrifices' that utilitarian antagonists make.

And what's important is that the world finally threw the problem back in my face. Perhaps with all of my love interests all gathered, it decided that it can finally give me a real problem to tackle instead of something I could just easily deal with.

A story has to have stakes after all, and what better way to make it than making the enemy a much overpowered character?

This stupid world has it out for me, seriously.

…

But I digress. I didn't come here to complain. I've come here to solve problems.

There's a reason why I was going to this school alone. It was partly because I was responsible for this place and kinda feel ashamed of showing it to others, but most of it was because of safety. The reality warper was very dangerous and I didn't want any of the others gaining her attention.

—So, how can I deal with this? Let's consider the situation.

Due to the logical impossibility of the reality warper's plan and the genre being shounen, it was definitely going to be foiled by the main character. However, doing so would undoubtedly result in definite casualties along with a serious effect on the settings on the world itself. So, how can a problem like that be solved in such a way that the narrative will be satisfied?

Well, Yuki and the rest already did the first part. They dealt with the changes outside this setting before it could affect other settings as well. The second domino after the first was removed, causing the others to remain standing when it fell. That means the effects are isolated in this setting only.

But unlike normal dominoes, there's nothing stopping anyone from just doing it all again, causing another set of dominos to fall. Not unless the whole source is dealt with, we'd just repeat everything until the main character deals with them and the plan fails… which was the actual requirement to satisfy the narrative.

It should be the main character who should fix things. Because what sort of main antagonist in an action shounen anime wouldn't be defeated by the main character? In the eyes of the story, I can't be the one that stops them. It has to be the main character or else nothing would change.

But the problem is that they're still actually in the middle of a different arc right now. It would take too much time for us to wait. So how can I make it so that the main character can defeat the reality warper if that was the case?

Well… the answer is to speed things up. Not by timey-wimey stuff because that would be too complicated.

Instead, let's get back to the requirement mentioned - in the eyes of the story, I stated that what matters is that the main character defeats the main antagonist… but technically, it doesn't even need to happen.

—All that matters is that the characters think they experienced it.

And so by planting them with false memories through hypnosis - I can literally speed things up by making every character involved experience an entire anime arc in their head, and then making it feel like some time had passed despite the fact that it didn't.

What's important is that the characters thought it happened after all, not whether or not it really did. You could say that the entire arc happened in a dream world without the characters and even the viewers of the story itself not knowing.

It was my 'destructive arc' special. Used on drastic situations where I had no choice to let bad shit happen just so the narrative can be satisfied.

And so, the plan to deal with this setting was simple.

A quick in and out, because I didn't want to deal with anything troublesome by staying too long. My presence would be absolutely minimal and I'd be literally there for a short time. So the moment that Yuki called me and I hung up - I went ahead and teleported to their school, working as fast as I could.

And I was very, very brief.

—At 0.001 seconds, I arrived at a forgotten corner within the large campus of Hakoniwa Academy.

—At 0.002 seconds, I formed an entire magical circle that enveloped the whole place.

—At 0.003 seconds, I casted an area-wide hypnosis, putting all people present in a daze, and then planting all the prepped memories I meticulously crafted for the past few days and letting them experience the entire arc in their heads.

—At 0.004 seconds, I was done. And now I was free to leave.

Just like that, I finished dealing with the entire setting faster than the speed of a literal thought.

However, the moment I teleported away…

"Leaving so soon?"

…I arrived not at my destination, but rather at a different place. It looked similar to the place I was in just a few hours ago, working on the paperwork regarding the inter-school event.

It was a student council room. I spotted people around the place who were caught by my hypnosis and are currently in a dazed state - the same people that Yuki and the others had encountered earlier, when they went on to deal with the changes on the other settings.

However, seated at the head of the table was the person who wasn't in a daze. Someone who, in response to the hypnosis which I perfected and prepared for a few days, wasn't even affected by the slightest.


Spoiler

"Hello there." she greeted me with a smile. "You and your friends must be the ones who're interfering with us."

I stayed quiet, simply staring at her blankly.

On the outside, it doesn't look like anything was happening.

However, the very moment that she fully acknowledged my existence, I was actually being heavily assaulted mentally and spiritually. I could feel the vast pressure of her skills trying to smash itself through my defenses, trying to obtain whatever secrets that I have in my mind.

But it's not gonna budge. I brought my A-game. It's gonna take much further than that to break me, you know.

Her eyes then turned intrigued. "Oh…?"

Then she glanced her eyes slightly to the side.

—Simultaneously, I brought up an arm to stop a kick right onto my torso. I felt an incredibly powerful attack that would have destroyed an entire building, displacing air and making a thundercrack-like noise when it connected, but all it managed was to make me slide a few feet away from the attacker.

I glanced at them.

They glanced at me.

And there, I was met with a sight that was like looking at a mirror.


Spoiler

The man, who looked like me but wore a stupidly chuuni military coat that I won't get caught dead wearing, furrowed his brows slightly when he stared at me. I can see the confusion in his eyes, probably thinking of something along the lines of 'who the hell is this guy and why is he stealing my look?'

Well, I probably would think the same, honestly.

In any case, he wasn't the only one that seemed surprised about it. The reality warper noted our similarities with a bit of surprise - and then I watched in real time as that surprise turned her initial intrigue into outright curiosity.

"Well, well. Now this is quite interesting." she said, smile growing into a grin. "I wonder who our guest could be?"

…Great. Now I got her attention.

As expected, it looks like the narrative wants entertaining fights, after all.


I write shitty stuff, but I'm still shitty enough to shill despite it. If you enjoy my stories enough, please consider checking out my patreon, which has up to 10 advanced chapters to all my active stories. That is all, thank you.

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtows
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Lucky_plucky_ducky, leks and 728 others
Skrubchap
Jun 2, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 32
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jun 15, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,441
And now, here's the fight that we're waiting for... Or is it?


Chapter 32

Dear reader, let me tell you a story.

Once upon a time, during the early years of a certain person's forays in the world - there was once a completely ordinary girl living a normal life.

She was someone born without special ability nor was fated to do anything momentous. In fact, she was a normal human through and through. Born in a standard family, having attended school where she has a group of friends to talk to, and along with a hobby which she enjoys: she lived a life that can be described only as 'mundane'.

It was a very standard life with its ups and downs. A blessed life, if described by those in worse circumstances. A boring life, if described by those who lived in a much better position than her.

If she were to be in a story, she would be the side character that barely gets a single scene of screen time. But this sort of thing wasn't entirely unique to her. The truth is, that same story was repeated amongst countless other people - boy, girl, young or old.

But strangely at some point… the girl became aware of this mundanity herself.

A completely uneventful trip with her family in a baseball stadium somehow ended up her realizing just how small people were. To her immature mind, she was able to see that all the people's faces blurred together, as tiny as a grain of rice lost within a sea of everything.

And with that, the girl realized she was simply nothing in the world, and much less in the grand scale of the universe. She was forced to face the fact that her choice meant nothing in the utter vastness in the cosmos, and amidst that large crowd, she would be unnoticeable if she were to disappear.

She wasn't special.

And the young girl couldn't accept that.

Like a child who couldn't accept the idea that they weren't the center of the world and threw a tantrum, the young girl tried to be 'special' as if it would cure the feelings of existential dread. She deviated from the norm, came to hate normal things, and tried to become 'special'.

That effort had led her to be labeled as an oddball. 'Common sense' was something she had thrown away in her endeavors. Yet it also made her excel and she, in a way, became smarter and performed better than the rest of her peers.

But despite the changes she made to herself, she knew that it was simply nothing. Even if she was a step above the average, that didn't make her special at all. There was always someone much better out there in the world. And if she were to chase that route, then there would be no end to it.

And even then, the girl knew her limits. Hard work can only get someone so far. Without the proper talent, opportunities, and various other factors - trying to become someone special that way would be unrealistic.

So, she chose to be logical. Instead of being special by doing something no one has ever done before, what if she discovered it instead? What if she found something that no one had ever seen before, finding the extraordinary out there?

For an impressionable young girl, it was a genius idea. So the girl started to search for the extraordinary herself.

…And she did find it. In a way, that is.

It happened on the seventh night of the seventh month, when she was desperately bored of her normal life. Her search for the extraordinary yielded no results - and there was not a single lead on any unexplained phenomena from aliens, time travelers, ESP and to magic.

And because of it, the girl decided to act more boldly. So thematically fitting for that holiday, she decided that if the existence of aliens were real, then she should at least try to communicate with them. And with that, she went on to sneak into the school to draw a large mural on the sports field.

It was supposed to be a normal thing, but at that time… she met someone.

"—What are you doing?"

"—Huh?"

He arrived out of nowhere. A classmate that she had recognized in her school, and one of the rare people who she deemed not as normal as the others. They had never interacted before however, in part due to his reputation as a delinquent.

One thing led to another due to his unexpected appearance, and after she threatened to call the police on him - that classmate of hers was forced to help her to use the markers in order to draw the murals on the sports field.

And at that time, the girl strangely noted her classmate's seeming indifference to her actions. Her desire to be special has been met with either mockery or confusion, so she couldn't help but be curious about it. And so, when he was finally done following her instructions - she asked him a question.

"—Do you believe in aliens?"

"Yeah, they probably exist."

"—What about time travelers? Espers?"

"Never met a time traveler, but sure. And you could find an esper if you look hard enough."

"—And magic? You believe in that too?"

"Yeah, I'm a magus. Take a look."

She had shown her a magic trick that night. A trick that for the life of her, she couldn't figure out. It was enough to spark her interest in him, especially considering the fact that he was the first person to take her words seriously and agree to what she was saying.

And at that time, she understood that he was the key to the extraordinary that she was looking for.

He was tricky and slippery to get a hold of. Despite being at the same school, she never had the opportunity to engage with him properly and always barely missed before and after class. She never knew where he lived either, because he always seemed to disappear the moment she wasn't looking.

But she was correct in her thoughts. Since strange things always happened around him. Things that piqued her interest and pointed towards extraordinary things.

"A classmate healed in just three days… I'm pretty sure they were seriously injured last time, am I wrong…?"

"How did this entire area blow up? There's no way a gas leak would result in something like this…"

"Fireworks in daylight… No, are those really fireworks…?"

Despite the abnormalities present however, they are easily ignored by the entire world around her. The girl had tried pursuing them more than once since it was hard to get a hold of that classmate of hers, but in the end it resulted in dead ends. All potentially extraordinary situations turned out to be mundane in the end.

They were always explained by the world around her in a way that would make most sense.

But the girl didn't like that answer, nor was she convinced in the first place. She continued her best to find unexplained phenomena, like what that classmate of hers said he believed.

People had called her mad in her attempts to search and prove that there is something strange out there in the world… but she didn't stop, certain that she was searching for something true, wanting to validate herself.

And more important than anything, she wanted something else. It was her genuine desire to find something special - something that would finally elevate her life from the 'normal' which she despises.

So the girl wished. She wished from the bottom of her heart that she'd find something.

And eventually, after a long time of searching… Somehow, the world listened.

Suddenly, the girl saw the world beyond the veil. She saw wondrous sights, both breathtaking and terrifying, as she discovered the existence of what was happening underneath the nose of the mundane world. The things she missed before were now so obvious, and her mad desire to prove their existence were validated.

But such a wish came at a cost. To her ignorance, the wish she had willed was for those extraordinary things to surround her, which unfortunately made a lot of innocent people become involved by it as well.

And that gained a certain person's attention.

He arrived out of nowhere. After she had a hard time getting a hold of him, he finally approached her. She had been fantasizing this very moment - but for some strange reason, things weren't going the way she thought it would.

"—So you're the cause of all this activity." the tanned, blonde young man confronted her one day. "You've somehow crossed genres. Have you become like me…? No, it doesn't look like it. You're still bound by the rules. But your story… it evolved."

Instead, the man spoke of something about things she couldn't understand. Something about genres, rules and stories. Knowledge that she wasn't privy to.

Then, he followed it with an apology.

"For what it's worth, I apologize. It was my recklessness that led to this." he spoke contritely. "…And I hope you can forgive me for what I'm about to do. But I can't just allow your ability to remain uncontrolled."

To the girl, what happened after that was a blur. All she remembered was that a hand was outstretched towards her head, and… her world became normal again.

All traces of extraordinary things that she had found were gone. And so was that mysterious classmate of hers. They all disappeared without a single trace, as if the world thought that they didn't exist at all.

The girl had thought of herself as insane for some time. But that hypothesis quickly came to pass after some serious thought. She hadn't gone insane, nor were the things she discovered untrue as well.

Somehow she remembered.

Perhaps a mistake on that person's part. After all, why would the girl want to return to a normal life when it's the least that she wanted? Her subconscious wished her to remember such memories, allowing her to get back how she used to be.

The girl craved the special, after all. And right now, it came in the form of that mysterious classmate of hers.

So, while rediscovering all the hidden things in the world, she searched for him… However, it was useless. She couldn't find him no matter where she looked or how hard she searched.

Whatever he did, it felt like he had become completely out of reach. And much like what had happened when she first started her quest to discover the world beyond mundanity - she found herself wishing from the bottom of her heart that she could find him and talk to him once more.

And eventually… the world listened once more.

"I found you… I finally found you…!"

"…You did."

After developing her own skill in magic and gathering traces of that man, the girl finally found him. Additionally, it seems that he was aware of what she was doing and was simply waiting for her. So after the dressing down he deserved after what he did to her last time they met - it was followed by them finally properly meeting each other for the very first time.

The man was very mysterious as she had anticipated. His identity was shrouded in mystery, only known by his name 'Basa'. Anything else, she didn't know… but she didn't really mind it. Since the girl liked puzzles, and it was her sense of adventure that drove her to search for the man in the first place.

And with that, the girl stuck herself beside him. And everyday became an adventure of discovering more and more extraordinary things.

—She learned of various other things present in the world - from aliens, time travelers, and espers. She met them all herself, and even went on to hang out with her where they'd join their adventures to discover new extraordinary things

—She discovered the reason why the man acted so odd at times, and realized the difference between 'normal' people and those who are 'abnormal'. She discovered that the world seems to function like a fictional story, and that she and that man are merely characters in it who understand the script.

—She eventually learned of her 'powers' in her wish to become special. She grew more and more powerful as time went on as their adventures grew dangerous, and eventually she settled into having 12 quadrillion skills, due to her own efforts and the help of the man standing by her side.

Her adventures were incredible, and not a single day did she become bored. And as she did so, it felt like she had finally reached the point where she was no longer like part of those grains of rice that she had seen in that stadium from the past.

She was beyond it. The universe was large, but at some point it became that girl's playground.

…Yet from that, a different wish sprouted from the girl's heart.

It was kindness, in a way. She also wanted the others in the world to be like her. To be beyond the ordinary, and to achieve a level where the universe itself is nothing in comparison to oneself. She didn't want that privilege to only belong to her and her partner, because that would be exceedingly lonely.

And so a plan was hatched to do such a thing.

An academy was made where she would lead. A place that houses similar beings like them, people who are special, and efforts would be made to make all the normal people and turn them as special as the others.

Does it make sense? Perhaps, perhaps not. But what matters was that the girl willed it to happen.

And if she did… then it will happen. That was the way things work in this universe.

After all, that girl is—






"—My name is Haruhi Ajimu. And who might all of you be?"
​



Within Basa-kun's apartment, Yuki and the others stared wide-eyed at the scene displayed by the scrying magic.

The television focused on three people right in what appeared to be a student council room. Other people are present, but whatever Basa-kun did when he said that he'll deal with the situation, it ended with all of them being in a daze. A telltale sign of hypnosis, and a pretty heavy one at that.

However, that wasn't what Yuki and the others were focusing on. Instead, they stared at the two people that had completely caught all of their attention.


Spoiler

—A tyrannical presence.

—Inevitability.

—Absolute power.

Feeling those things etched into her mind, Yuki stared at the two people, who were seated at the head of the table with the other standing guard right behind. Even through the hundreds of kilometers separating them that was only bridged through the television screen, she felt incredibly intimidated by what she was seeing.

A reality warper that could end the universe if she so wished.

And… someone that looked completely identical to Basa-kun.

Putting aside the confusion she felt due to the existence of the latter, the mere possibility of facing these two made her pause. She was nothing more than an ant beneath the boots of these people. Yuki is so hilariously outclassed in all aspects, that the best way to deal with them is to not gain their attention at all.

However, it was too late for them to do that now.

After all, the reality-warper was looking at them through the screen as she asked her earlier question.

"Let's see… Now this is quite a colorful cast of characters we have here." the girl stated with a smile. "That place you're all in is also fascinating. But more importantly, you're all beautiful girls with strange powers, technology and… Oh my, is that a devil? I didn't know those existed."

She then sent Basa-kun an amused smile.

"Quite a playboy, aren't you? Is this your harem? You must be a protagonist of some sort." she commented, before looking up to glance at the man behind her. "Or perhaps not. Our Basa-kun here is also the same, you know? He can't help but capture so many girls' hearts with his marvelous looks and personality… Are you also the same?"

Basa-kun didn't answer, simply staring at the girl blankly. And the other man who looked identical to him, who was also apparently named Basa-kun which definitely implied many things, also remained silent.

That reaction made the reality warper sigh.

"Well, you definitely have the personality down to a pat." she muttered, before tilting her head. "I wonder who you really are though. It's been a while since I've been surprised by something like this… Say, can't you try to lower your mental defenses a bit? Just a peek?"

Basa-kun looked at the god-like reality warper straight in the eyes, expression not changing a single bit.

"No." he denied.

It was an almost insulting way to reply. However, the girl didn't pay any mind to it. In fact, she seemed happy.

"Good answer. That makes everything more exciting." the girl replied with a grin. "Alright, Basa-kun. Go deal with those who are peeping on us, would you? I'll deal with the main mystery here."

"…"

There were a few moments of silence that followed after the reality warper said those words. Then, the other Basa-kun right behind her nodded silently, before seemingly stepping away from her to leave.

—And then the next moment, the same man suddenly appeared within the apartment.

Yuki's stomach dropped.

"What the—!?" Rias cried out, flaring her wings. "How—!?"

She wasn't able to finish her words. Because immediately after, the man moved in a burst of speed and quickly punched Rias, who thankfully managed to bring up her guard for the attack. Rias grit her teeth, crossed her arms, and met the fist headed to her way.

—And she was immediately sent flying out of the apartment, tearing through the various walls like they were nothing but paper, and leaving nothing but a trail of destruction right outside to where she was launched.

And at that point, Yuki quickly moved.

She summoned her spirit weapons and flash-stepped out of the way, taking care to quickly pick up Aoki-san right nearby while she did so. As that happened, she heard the sound of gunshots as V undoubtedly shot their intruder while also quickly following right behind her.

Yuki then opened a portal and quickly went through it. V also did the same, going through the same portal that she opened. And the moment that the other girl went through, she quickly closed it, cutting off access immediately.

To an outside viewer, that would probably have happened in less than a blink of an eye. But Yuki erred on the side of caution and held her weapon's pommel as she looked around.

They successfully arrived in the safe room. It was another secure place like Basa-kun's apartment, one that was prepared ahead of time in case of emergencies where they'd be attacked just like earlier. There doesn't seem to be anything wrong about the place, and they didn't get followed by their intruder.

Or at least, not yet, anyway.

However, who she did find inside the safe room was also Rias. She must have gone through the portal the moment she was blown away. And right now, the redhead was nursing her bruised arm with a grimace.

"Damn… he hit me good." she muttered.

Yuki set Aoki-san down on the floor, who then quickly approached the redhead and knelt down next to her.

"Rias-chan, don't move." Aoki-san told her, before chanting something under her breath. Her hands then started to glow and she hovered it over the injured area. "This might hurt a bit so bear with me, okay?"

"Kugh…! Ow, ow, o-okay." Rias hissed out, before blinking as the bruises in the arm suddenly healed like time reverting back. "W-Woah, that was fast… what's this healing magic, Aoki-san?"

"I think it's from a fantasy setting. I've learned it to help some more since I'm not that good at fighting… I didn't expect to use it so soon, though." she muttered, before shaking her head. "…Anyway, we should prioritize what happened for now."

Rias frowned at that.

"Yeah… Who was that guy? Was that Basa-kun?" the redhead asked. "They look the same, but…"

There was uncertainty, doubt and puzzlement in her tone. Yuki felt the same, and the others undoubtedly do as well. Because their opponent right now was definitely something that would make them feel that way.

Who exactly was that person? Was it Basa-kun? A clone of him?

No - if that was a clone, then what would be his reason to attack them? Or better yet, what's the point of coming to the setting personally if a clone was already there in the first place? If that was a clone, then Basa-kun could just take care of the setting by using the clone itself.

Also, if that person was a clone, then the reality warper wouldn't look curious at Basa-kun's existence at all. That girl was supposed to be an all-powerful being, and cloning might be one of the powers available in her repertoire. And yet she seemingly treated Basa-kun as a different being from her identically-faced follower.

Which means that likely wasn't the case. Because surely someone as powerful as that reality warper can notice if they're the same people, right?

"A different person…" Yuki muttered in thought, gaining everyone else's attention. "That 'Basa' might not be a clone, but rather an entirely unique existence himself. That's the most likely explanation based on how the reality warper and Basa-kun himself reacted."

"What? You mean that isn't Basa-kun? But he has his face and everything! And he might be as strong as him!" Rias cried out, before looking down at her healed hands. "Or at least, it felt like it at that time… And also, if that wasn't his clone, then who the hell is that guy?"

That was the question, wasn't it?

What sort of circumstances led to a person looking and acting alike from different settings entirely? Could that person be an expy character of Basa-kun? That seems plausible, but those occur more on either notable side characters or who are actually part of the main cast. Basa-kun was nothing but a mob character who evaded the touch of the plot as best as he could.

They lack information. She understood that knowledge itself is a hazard, especially when dealing with a reality warper that knows every single thing going on that encompasses in its setting, but in this particular moment she wondered if it was much better to not care about that in the first place.

Yuki's mind raced as she tried to consider everything about this situation. However, her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a gun being cocked, and she turned to see that V had reloaded her pistol after firing earlier.

"The specifics of their identity doesn't matter. What matters is that we achieve the goals of the mission." V stated with a blank tone. "This safe room is on the Westalis border, thousands of kilometers away from our earlier location. But I doubt that the distance will stop that person from finding us again based on how he intruded the apartment earlier."

"…Yes." Yuki found herself agreeing. "Best we assume that this person is out to get us and that he is an expy character of Basa-kun of some sort. Which means that aside from his looks and personality, he gets all his abilities - or at least something similar to it."

"What the hell? Then how can we beat someone like that? I don't think I can defeat Basa-kun in a fight! And I'm the one who's usually shouting about never giving up and all that shounen stuff!" Rias cried out. "That guy's way too OP! We might as well end ourselves if we fight him!"

"Let's calm down, Rias-chan. There should be something that we can do, can't we?" Aoki-san stated, putting a hand on the redhead's shoulder. Then she frowned. "Maybe there's some sort of weakness that we can exploit. He's like Basa-kun, but not exactly him, correct? That should mean something, at least."

"Perhaps…" Yuki muttered in thought.

Yuki wouldn't phrase it the way Rias said it, but she felt a similar sentiment to the redhead. She was steadily getting stronger day by day as she trained and studied, and though she knew that eventually she'll reach Basa-kun's level… she couldn't just imagine in her head beating him in a straight fight.

And it was more impossible to visualize now, when the gap between them was so big.

Was there really a weakness that they could target? Even if this expy of his wasn't exactly him, he still has an incredibly large repertoire of abilities that are undoubtedly powerful. What exactly does not being Basa-kun give them an advantage that could potentially turn this one-sided fight into something they have a chance of winning?

…She then paused, suddenly realizing something very simple.

"—He's not meta."

The other three stiffened from her words. There was a slight pause, then it was followed with thoughtful expressions as they realized what she was getting at as they also followed her train of thought.

"Now that I think about it, that girl did mention she never knew that demons existed." Rias recalled. "That must have meant the genre divide was at work, even if it's in a soft manner since their setting is so darn flexible."

Yuki nodded. "Yes, I recall her saying that we have strange powers and technology as well." she added. "That would imply she's unfamiliar with the power systems from other settings. And if the undisputed top of the setting was like that…"

"Then it should be the same for that fake Basa-kun! You're right, Yuki! That gives us an edge!" Rias said brightly.

A minor one, but it does.

There was finally a path towards victory. It would undoubtedly be hard to get to, but the possibility of it was there. And V, having the most experience when it comes to tactical situations between all of them, spoke her own thoughts.

"The greatest advantage we have is the element of surprise. We need to lay down traps and overwhelm him with things that he doesn't know. That is the only way I can imagine us winning. And that means we need to split up."

One for groups and the other for preparing the traps. Yuki nodded, following the logic.

However, before they could plan more about it - it seems that their slight reprieve was over. A noise from behind her made all of them tense, and when they turned to look at it, they saw that the portal she formed earlier seemed to be opening again.

She didn't activate the portal device she had at all. Which means…

"—What the hell!? It hasn't even been five minutes! How did he find us so fast!?" Rias cried out, readying her magic as she did so.

Yuki also tensed, before turning to V and Aoki-san. "I'll stay here with Rias! You can direct your entire forces here in Westalis instead and prepare for everything else!"

The blonde nodded before taking Aoki-san with her to leave through another portal. And after seeing them fully leave, Yuki turned her entire attention to the slowly opening portal while drawing both of her swords out of its sheathes.

The expy character must have spent the last few minutes trying to determine where they are. It was actually quite a long time considering this person was supposed to be similar to Basa-kun, and she knew that something as insignificant as distance couldn't stop him.

Was this the slight difference given by not being meta? She hoped that it was the case.

However, the real reason for the man's lateness was revealed when the portal finally formed, finally giving both her and Rias a view of what was on the other side. There, they saw that it was in the exact same place she had opened it in the apartment, and standing right in the middle of the living room…

"…Hm."

The man was reading one of the files they kept like he was checking out something mildly interesting. The sight of it felt so familiar, so casual, that it felt like Yuki had walked in on Basa-kun checking out one of his files in his office.

Then, that illusion broke when the man met their eyes and closed the file. Yuki tensed - before it quickly turned into spine-chilling dread when the man appeared right in front of them with a blink again, the portal disappearing behind him as he did so.

The man reached towards her face, about to grab her.

—And what followed after that was a burst of heat and destruction.

"Apocalyptic Nova!"

Immediately going for the attack the moment she saw him - Rias went ahead and used the strongest move that she had to deal with the expy character, spending every unit of her demonic energy reserves for that single attack. The projectile hit the man directly and exploded, deleting everything in the general direction that Rias was facing at that time.

Yuki felt the heat of the attack and she had to reinforce her eyes and body so that her corneas and skin wouldn't be burnt off. It was an incredibly destructive attack, and Yuki knew that the entire landscape in front of them might have just been reduced to ash - but even despite that, she quickly grabbed onto Rias and used a portal to quickly gain some distance.

They reappeared right high up above the safehouse. And immediately, Yuki offered a mana potion for Rias.

"Thanks." the redhead quickly downed it, instantly recovering her energy. "That didn't get him, did it?"

"No. No it wouldn't have." she replied with extreme certainty.

They were in the Westalis border far away from the populated areas, more specifically where a mountain range is at. Or at least, there used to be a mountain range. Scanning their surroundings from up high revealed that the mountains have been flattened by Rias' attack, leaving nothing but destruction behind.

But despite the power she displayed, Yuki knew that there was no way that attack defeated that expy character.

—And it was proved not a second later when she felt a terrible presence suddenly appear.

"Behind—!?" a fist hit her. "Grah!"

"Rias!"

Yuki immediately flash-stepped towards the expy character after he hit Rias, causing the redhead to fly a significant distance away from them. Then she swung her swords with the same flash technique, amplifying it with as much spiritual and magical energy that she could produce and reinforcing herself in the process, causing her to slash faster in a blink of an eye.

"Haa—!"

Her attack cleaved through her enemy - and even beyond him as an arc-shaped wave appeared beyond her sword's blade, flying through the air and cutting the clouds beyond them. But the hopes of causing any sort of damage disappeared when the expy's form suddenly turned hazy and disappeared into the wind.

An illusion. Gritting her teeth, Yuki instantly repeated her slashing technique while flipping and spinning three-sixty degrees around her. The dome of sword waves she made stopped the incoming attack that would've followed, and she saw that some of them seemingly splashed as it hit something solid despite looking like nothing was there.

Yuki immediately put her focus on that particular spot the second she saw it, and the microsecond that followed she flash-stepped towards that direction, moving faster than sound to slash both of her swords—

Clang! "Tch!"

—Before it was stopped by something invisible. Yuki clicked her tongue and watched as the man shimmered into existence after turning invisible, revealing that what had stopped her was him catching her blades in a fanning grip.

Then, she felt that grip increase in strength. With her spirit weapons being tied to her soul, Yuki felt an incredible soul-crushing weight as that happened, and she immediately recalled her weapons to remove his grip and made them reappear in her hands again.

Yuki then teleported after that. And not a moment later, a countless number of projectiles formed from demonic magic occupied shot towards her previous position.

"Shooting Star Barrage!"

As Rias went on for another incredibly destructive attack that messed up the entire landscape beneath them and caused their enemy to be pinned down, Yuki reappeared next to her and took out a mana potion for her to drink. And while she did so, her eyes didn't leave the expy's form, her mind racing while observing their enemy as best as she could.

This whole time they were on the backfoot. Yuki didn't know the depths of their enemy's power, but their previous exchange made it clear he was certainly fighting with tricks just like Basa-kun would. However, he hadn't shown any truly destructive moves yet, limiting himself to simple physical hits like punches… punches that would likely kill her if she made the wrong move, but relatively nondestructive nonetheless.

Was there a reason why he was limiting himself? Or does he have any destructive moves in the first place? Perhaps it was the expy's difference from the real Basa-kun… No, that can't be it. There was no way he didn't have much more destructive moves in his disposal.

So there must be something else. There was a reason why he was limiting. Yuki observed their enemy with narrowed eyes, wondering exactly what he was planning.

And then she saw it- a glimpse of the expy simply standing in the middle of Rias' barrage while protected within a barrier, making an expression that she had recognized from Basa-kun before.

"He's studying us." Yuki realized.

"What?" Rias asked, voice strained as she kept up her attack. "What are you talking about?"

"He's trying to learn about us. He must have never seen the power systems that we're using." Yuki told her, a heavy feeling settling within her upon realizing what's happening. "We can't continue like this. As V said, our greatest weapon is the element of surprise. If we keep relying on the same abilities—"

She wasn't able to finish her words.

Because suddenly, a wave of energy suddenly expanded from the expy's location which instantly blasted away all of Rias' projectiles. Then that same wave of energy extended and extended some more, encompassing pretty much the whole area they were in along with Yuki and Rias.

Yuki flinched, expecting that there was something that would happen. However, she didn't feel anything bad - in fact, it was the complete opposite. She felt the innate sense of goodness and light as she was bathed in the energy right now.

But the same couldn't be said for Rias.

"Grgggh!!" Rias shouted in pain as if she was burning alive, before gritting her teeth and forming a bubble of destructive energy appearing around her that pushed the energy away. "…Gah! What the hell was that!? How did that guy make so much holy energy!? That was way beyond what the fallen I fought before let out!"

Holy energy… There was no way that the expy character would've been able to have an ability like that, considering they never encountered Rias' setting. Which means that he figured it out all by himself just by observing Rias' own demonic energy.

It was a terrifying level of adaptability. It seems that Basa-kun's expy inherited not only his abilities, but his smarts as well.

Yuki stared tensely at the expy who was seemingly observing the energy he just made in his hand. They can't just stick to one ability, the have to use as much of the other power settings that they could to stand a chance against this person—

He suddenly disappeared. Wait, no, with the way it went - he hadn't been there in the first place! So it was another illusion!?

"Yuki, behind!" Rias shouted.

She instantly trusted the redhead's call and slashed her swords right behind her, which cut through the expy… whose body then turned into a haze as it was revealed to be another illusion.

"—Kuh!"

Then, Yuki felt an excruciating pain as she was suddenly kneed in the gut, the hit enough to cause her vision to go white and make her crumple despite the great amount of reinforcement her body was under. But before her opponent could quickly make use of it, Yuki grit her teeth and slashed, causing the man to dodge her attack.

"Gandr! Hado: Raikōhō! Magic Missile! Spirit bolt!"

And as she gained some distance, Rias used the opportunity to shoot a diverse amount of ranged attacks towards the expy. The unfamiliar spells clearly made the man pause and bring up another barrier like earlier, though some of them went through it like nothing due to the spell's special nature.

—Boom!

An explosion occurred. But, having basic pattern recognition, Yuki knew that the attack would be ineffective again. In fact, it might be another illusion conjured by the expy and that they were fighting something fake this whole time.

She was already cycling prana in her brain and eyes so that she wouldn't be fooled, but whatever ability the expy was using, it likely wasn't magical in nature at all. So not unless they have a way to find out what's real or not, they'd have a hard time against him.

In the scant few seconds after that explosion, Yuki's mind raced, trying to search for something that would help her in her repertoire. None had stood out to her… but as a person who was meta, she had been saving tricks on her sleeves in case for situations like this.

—And it seems that this was one of those times to use it.

Yuki chanted underneath her breath, and with her parallel thought process, she split her awareness between both the battle and to her inner world. And as that happened, the smoke from the explosion was blown by the wind - revealing nothing behind it.

"Guh! Damn it!"

Another pained cry from Rias. The expy had seemingly appeared out of nowhere and punched her again, breaking through her bubble of destructive energy and displacing air from the sheer strength of the hit. It also made Rias fly quite far again and Yuki, being quite near the man, decided to reposition herself and open a portal - but when she did, the portal didn't open to where she wanted it.

Instead, it connected right next to where the expy was. Another terrifying display of his adaptability, since it seems that he was now able to understand the portal's mechanics and hijack its location somehow. The expy crossed the portal and chopped a hand towards her, where it met her blades and produced sparks.

Then, he looked at her face and narrowed his eyes.

Yuki's blank and hypnotized gaze met his look without emotion.

—What went on after that was her making use of her swords to the best of her ability, using different spells and techniques from other settings to catch the expy off-guard by the different moves. She slashed and slashed and slashed, all the while the man tried to dodge and attack occasionally as well.

The battle was definitely intense, even if it was clear that the man was just studying her. However, part of her attention was also happening inside her inner world right now, arriving in a place that she had visited more than once after meditating to reach her spirit weapon.

And it was there that she met it.

A blossom tree with snow-white flowers in a park, and a beautiful white-haired woman in a black kimono with white highlights - someone that if she were to squint her eyes, would look somewhat like her mother.

The woman stared at her, and Yuki stared at the woman. There was no need for words of greeting between them, for she knew the reason why she was here. She was the very reflection of her soul, after all.

That said, the woman gave a slight pout. A very uncanny look considering her face resembled her strict mother's.

"You already know what your ability is." the woman deduced.

"I have a general idea." Yuki replied. "It's my most meaningful wish and what defines me the most. And thankfully, I managed to voice it out loud just earlier… Actually no, it might have been by design. This was a poetic solution to the problem, after all."

"The desire to be genuine, which translates to an ability used to combat illusions. Yes, I can see how you can come to that conclusion." the woman considered, before nodding her head. "…Very well. I'll lend you my strength, then."

Yuki raised her brow. "No fighting? Just that?"

The woman smiled at her. "Well, you did hypnotize yourself to fulfill my requirements after all. And this is an emergency." she stated. "You can just think of this as a taste of what is to come. So next time, do it the proper way, alright? That Basa-kun already made you cheat the process once."

"I will, thank you."

"That's good." the woman told her with a softer smile. "Then… call me by my name, Yuki."

And with that, light returned in her eyes.


"Unmask, Hyōsetsu RinkaClear Snow, Dignified Flower!"


She shouted those words with conviction, declaring her spirit weapon's name out into the word.

Then the next moment the world shattered, and Yuki perceived the world differently. Information started appearing in her brain as she felt the truth touch her mind, along with the sensation that felt like she had opened her eyes for the very first time.

And Yuki immediately ignored the illusion in front of her and slashed the expy who was simply observing by the side the whole time.

"—!?"

The man's eyes widened, looking at her for the first time in surprise as she managed to see through his illusions completely. He tried to dodge her attack but it was no use - even if she would close her eyes, she knew the direction where the man was going towards.

It seems that her spirit weapon even has a handy precognitive ability. Another interpretation of unmasking 'reality', it seems. And with it, she could see scant few seconds ahead - around ten seconds, or perhaps more if she strained herself - so she knew exactly how the man would move.

And she made use of that to the best that she could.

Slight microadjustments, fakeouts and counters - it didn't work against her sight. And combining them with her reinforced body and flash technique, a countless amount of faster-than-sound slashes made their way in his body, allowing her to finally cut him for the very first time no matter how much he dodged, struck back, or attempted to distract her with illusions.

Yuki was finally making him bleed. Slight blood flowed through the cut parts of his clothes as she managed to dodge her for the very first time. After all, she can peer through the future.

But even then, she knew that it was still not enough.

"—Grrk!"

Out of nowhere Yuki was suddenly punched right on the jaw, and Yuki saw stars for a moment. But despite it, she grit her teeth and dodged another attack that went on her way. And in her slightly dazed mind she had realized with a bit of dread what was happening.

Her precognition wasn't matching the expy's movements. Somehow, in their few second exchange, he had managed to deduce and deal with her future sight ability. Did he have some sort of defense even against that? She supposed that he should have.

As expected, fighting someone like Basa-kun was unfair.

But before she could get overwhelmed by another round of exchange from him - a portal behind her opened, and Rias went through to assist.

"Take this!" the girl shouted, looking fully healed and energized again, while her hand brimming with an unstable concoction of spells and various other techniques that the expy wasn't familiar with. "Disappear, you copycat!"

Yuki didn't need her precognition working properly to know that the expy will form another illusion to dodge the attack. So the moment she saw Rias pass through the portal, she formed a telepathic bond with the redhead and instantly shared her true sight.

Rias adjusted her aim, seeing it. And the expy was hit directly by the beam that extended from Rias' hand.

But once again, the man had plenty of tricks up his sleeve.

He somehow phased through the attacks. Many of the spells went through, but some also damaged him due to their unique effects, causing him to slightly twitch. That said, it wasn't enough to truly damage him in the way that matters - and an instant later, the man appeared in a burst of speed right next to Rias, rearing back his fist.

Yuki knew what came next. He was going to send Rias flying away to separate them both again. And once more, he'll focus on Yuki as she engages with him in one on one.

And she doesn't think that she could get another significant power boost fast enough to survive it.

However, it seems that Rias was also quite aware of the situation. Since unlike the last two times - she was already prepared for the possibility. And in fact, based on her precognition, she was pretty much banking on it to happen again.

Because the moment the man's fist approached Rias' unguarded form…

"—Krghk!"

…A sudden crater appeared right through the expy's abdomen, making his eyes widen in shock.

That was the greatest damage they had done. Much more than the Yuki's own cuts. An almost fist-sized hole punched through the expy's gut out of nowhere and exposed his bloody insides, despite the fact that there was nothing around that could've possibly caused it.

Or rather, there was just nothing that Yuki could see. Because if she wasn't using said ability she wouldn't be able to perceive it at all, even with her spirit weapon's illusion-revealing ability. The cause of this phenomenon was obvious when looking at Rias' arm, which was stabbed with something that was digging deep into her in an almost fatal manner.

However, it was also covered in copious amounts of healing potion fluid, allowing the girl to survive the process.


Spoiler

Rias had stabbed herself with the arrow that grants someone punch ghosts.

The expy clearly didn't expect such a thing and had no idea what was happening, so he tried to disengage and gain some distance. However, Rias gave him no chance and didn't let that happen.

"As if I'd let you get away!" she shouted, dragging him back towards her with the unseen ghost. "Beat him up!"

Yuki wasn't able to see what was happening, but what undoubtedly followed was a beatdown. Crater-sized holes started appearing in the man's body, punching through him and ignoring his innate durability like it was nothing.

Whatever Rias' punch ghost was, she must have lucked out since it was clearly very strong. And as that happened, Rias was also assisting by throwing out more unfamiliar spells with her single functioning hand, and Yuki had also teleported and went on to slash the expy with her swords.

This was the most damage they were dishing out. They'd manage to get him to the back foot for the first time and were now attacking with initiative. They'd manage to wound him fatally, and the expy was leaking copious amounts of blood as he suffered under a beatdown.

But even then, it was all for naught.

"Wha—! It's fake!?" Rias shouted.

Because much like earlier, at some point, the expy's form disappeared into haze. Yuki's eyes widened, thinking that the man had somehow found a way to discover and bypass her illusion-revealing ability - before realizing that it wasn't an illusion at all.

It was more like a clone, tangible and definitely weaker. Yuki quickly scanned their surroundings then spotted the expy's real body farther away, his cuts and the one hole Rias made in his gut earlier closing up like it was nothing as he healed himself.

Then he was back to normal. All fatal wounds - gone, just like that.

"You've got to be kidding me." Rias muttered, spotting the same thing with their shared eyesight.

The frustration in her voice was clear. And to be honest, Yuki was also feeling the same.

All of their efforts were for naught. The cycle would restart once again, and this time they were at a disadvantage since they revealed quite a lot of their cards already. It was only a matter of time they would run out of things that could surprise him, and at that point they'd lose completely.

That said… from the very beginning, it wasn't their goal to defeat him here.

They were just distractions after all. And it seems that they finally bought enough time for the others to finish their preparations, because a short moment after the expy healed himself—

"Both of you, it's ready!"

—They heard the voice of a portal opening behind them, along with the shout of Aoki-san through it.

The woman didn't have to say anything more, since the very instant the blue-haired woman said those words the both of them quickly went through the portal. Yuki saw the expy character quickly move as well - and on the edge of her vision, she saw the man blur into motion to hit Rias who was right behind.

Then in a blink, Yuki arrived on the other side. So did Rias while blocking a hit from the expy character using her new invisible punch ghost. The redhead was gritting her teeth in effort as she did so… but the grimace on her face turned into a daring grin, which she sent to the expy.

"Gotcha." the redhead stated, before teleporting away.

Yuki did the same, and in less than a fraction of a second it took for her to teleport as well - she saw the slight confusion that appeared in the man's gaze. But then, it immediately turned slightly wide when his gaze turned to everything around them.


Spoiler

An entire army was waiting for him. And not only that - there were also the countless physically and conceptually destructive traps installed by the others, all from different unique settings that the expy character had no chance of encountering. It was on a different level from the attacks that they had been throwing him before.

Traps that ranged from magecraft, alchemy, divine, demonic, eastern, and every other religion out there, to the technology obtained from the witches, mechs, and other advanced settings, until even mundane traps that involved an incredible amount of explosives. Yuki recognized some of them when they went off, and she realized that V and Aoki truly brought out the big guns for this.

Because she was pretty sure that there was a list compiled in Basa-kun's office that pretty much says all the incredibly destructive forbidden techniques from the different settings he has encountered. And she was sure the two got a hold of that and decided to make a checklist out of it.

In any case, all such things were concentrated on a large area which the man was in. And from what she could tell, this was no illusion nor clone - it was the expy's real body which had activated all of it. There was no easy escape for him either since the range extended much larger than the forest they had found themselves in, along with blocking any way out as well as disabling teleportation or creation of portals within.

And the result of their hard work can only be aptly described as incomprehensible.


Spoiler

They had combined dangerous things from different power systems that shouldn't be combined. There was a certain degree of harmony in it to make it work and not just make everything implode on itself, but the results itself made it hard to look at.

It was as if an eldritch curtain had fallen over the area that V and Aoki-san had rigged the traps in. A glimpse made Hyōsetsu-Rinka's ability go haywire, and Yuki forced herself to look away or else her eyes might bleed from the information overload.

"—Gah, that hurts to look at!" Rias also cried out as she also looked away.

"Stay still, Rias-chan." Aoki-san told her as she removed the arrow stabbed in her hand. Then her hand glowed once more, causing the wound to close up. "…There. It's healed. And do you guys still have potions? Here."

"Thank you." Yuki muttered before drinking another one herself. She sighed in relief as she felt the potion work on herself, rejuvenating her body back to its peak condition.

The expy activating the traps gave them a few seconds of reprieve to recover. But eventually, the strange sight receded, and they were being slowly greeted with the sight of nothing but charred crater behind. Beside them, V also contacted the reinforcements who were hanging slightly far away from them all.

"Cease fire." V blankly stated into her comms, immediately causing the present mechs and artillery to stop firing.

With that, the final attacks were stopped. They managed to directly do all that much destruction to the expy character, but they were all still tense while staring at what was left of everything. No one said a thing or spoke any idiotic flag-like statements, like wondering 'did we get him?' out loud or something.

Instead, what they did was just go to the place itself. Yuki clutched her swords as all of them went to approach then look down at the crater… and there, they saw the state of the expy after all that he had gone through.


Spoiler

He looked wounded and weak. The man had lost his white coat and was fatally wounded when Yuki saw him, with his arm and parts of his upper body missing while bleeding profusely, but the moment he noticed all of them staring at him… the expy simply toughed it out and straightened himself, meeting their gaze as if ready for another round of fighting while his wounds slowly healed.

"He's still standing? After all that…?"

Rias muttered those words in a low tone, tensing herself for another fight. V also brought up her gun, while Aoki-san prepared a teleportation spell to get away since she was more on providing support. As for herself, she just clenched her swords again.

Yuki was ready to fight again since she recovered but… faced with this, she can't imagine winning it.

All that had happened, all their preparations and surprises - they had all failed. They've exhausted their avenues by using their advantage as people who are meta. Yuki was hoping that the man would at least turn unconscious from everything, but it seems like even that is a tall tale.

With their tricks having no significant effect, the chances of winning pretty much turned into nothing as this 'fight' was looking more and more like a farce. This was a person who could easily end their lives in just a blink of an eye. A person who was so powerful that a fraction of his power would exceed the trap that they had just set in terms of destruction.

And it was only thanks to his strangely merciful actions that they thought they had any sort of fighting chance in the first place.

Something else had to be done. Combat, in the first place, should be out of the question when faced with an impossible opponent that they cannot beat.

So Yuki's mind raced, trying to think of a way that they could deal with him.

…

…

Then she blinked, realizing something.

"Yuki…? What's wrong?" Aoki-san asked, noticing her change in expression.

"…Forgive me for this, but I might do something reckless."

Her statement instantly made everyone confused, but she didn't elaborate. Instead, Yuki took a deep breath, then sheathed her katanas back to their scabbards and unsummoned them. It was a questionable decision in such a tense moment - but much to the surprise of everyone with her, that wasn't the end of it.

Because while being unarmed like that… Yuki then teleported herself.

Right in front of the expy, that is.

"W-Wait, what are you doing!?" she heard Rias cry out in shock some distance behind her.

She didn't answer Rias. And even if she did, it wouldn't satisfy the girl.

To tell the truth, she wasn't really sure of what she was doing as well. However, what she was sure of was that there was no winning against an opponent like this. He was an expy of Basa-kun, which means he's undoubtedly powerful. It was a miracle that they hadn't been immediately killed by him when he decided to fight them.

…Or perhaps, not a miracle at all. Because with the knowledge that he's Basa-kun's expy, she also failed to recognize that there are other implications of such a fact.

The man stared at her quietly as she approached, blank-faced as always. However, it was clear that there was curiosity and puzzlement in his eyes, and perhaps it was because of that why he did nothing as Yuki stopped right in front of him.

Then, Yuki spoke to him.

"…You're not fighting us seriously."

Her sudden accusation echoed in the battlefield. An eerie quietness had settled upon what used to be a bustling forest area as what she had said seemingly made the atmosphere itself pause. And if she were to turn around, she'd undoubtedly see the confused faces of the others.

But Yuki didn't care. Instead, she continued speaking.

"All this time, you haven't been fighting with the intent to deal with us." she stated. "You could've killed us easily at any point, or at least rendered us unconscious. You must have an incredible amount of abilities for you to do such a thing… but you didn't do any of those. Instead, you were acting strangely merciful during our entire fight."

"And that's because you're not trying to fight us at all, isn't it?"

—Basa-kun is a kind person.

To Yuki, he is the kindest person that she's ever met. Others who don't know him wouldn't agree due to his rough appearance and personality, but for someone to help and save the people around them even when wielding absolute power and freedom - then by definition they are someone who has absolutely great character.

And the man right in front of her was an expy of such a man.

She doesn't know the exact difference between those two. But with their similar looks and disposition - Yuki was also willing to believe that this man in front of her has the same inherent good character as the other. That, and the strange fact that they were still conscious right now instead of being dealt with.

So, Yuki believed that they were fighting a good person.

And in response to that…

"You're playing a dangerous gamble. I'm not him."

Yuki blinked as the man spoke for the very first time. He sounded exactly like Basa-kun despite his claim. And for some reason, it was that sort of answer that made her relax slightly more than anything else - one that even gave her a smile as she tried to put it into words.

"Perhaps… But the fact that you saw fit to warn me of it makes me think that you're more similar than what you claim. Basa-kun is quite the tsundere, after all." That made the man's brow twitch exactly the way she remembered it, and her smile widened. "Fufu, even the way you react is similar."

He blankly stared at her, before looking down on his body.

Then, Yuki watched as the man's fatal wounds suddenly healed much faster than before. Bone, flesh and sinew were reformed in a matter of seconds, bringing back his missing bits in his torso as well as his arm like nothing happened at all.

And with that done, while flexing his newly-formed hand, the expy then looked back up at Yuki once more. The blank gaze in his face hadn't changed at all - yet for some reason, Yuki felt incredible pressure that suffocated her as she met his eyes straight.

"…And what if you're wrong?" the man asked, his voice low. "What if I just end your life right now?"

She couldn't help but feel an instinctual pang of fear at that. That said, it was just an instinctual thing, and a little bit of thought made her composure return. The pressure also disappeared as she cycled magical energy within her which pushed away the fake killing intent emitted by the man in front of her.

"Then I will die an embarrassing death. That's it." she admitted, making the man raise his brow again. "I do not believe that you'd do it, however. As I said, it's the most plausible explanation I could think of considering the oddities in our fight… Or rather, it's the natural conclusion of fighting someone who doesn't really try to fight at all."

"You seem to have the wrong idea." he interjected. "All of you are just interesting specimens to me. You've exhibited things I have never seen before, and I was simply testing things to see what else you knew."

Yuki smiled. "Putting aside the amusing fact that you're defending yourself the way a tsundere would right now, I would like to point out that argument is weak as well."

The man's brow twitched again. "And why is that?"

"Because you don't need to do that to learn about us. In fact, I realize that you could've learned all that you wanted the very moment you stepped into the apartment earlier. And perhaps even now as we speak."

Yuki then pointed right at her head.

"—After all, with such a countless amount of powerful abilities at your disposal - there's a very good chance that you've already read our minds, isn't there?"

"..."

Her statement made the man turn quiet.

After all, she was correct. They have defenses in place for mind reading, but she was sure that it's not developed enough to deal with someone as powerful as him. Perhaps Basa-kun might be able to block it, but for them? Their mind was essentially an open book to this person, and likely, every single thing that they tried to surprise him with was something he already expected.

Which also meant that he must have been just going along with them when they tried to beat him using the element of surprise. Or perhaps he had his abilities deactivated at that time out of politeness. Either way, it was embarrassing for them.

That said, it also meant that this person knew of what was happening regarding the world-affecting event and their goal of helping people. He wasn't meta, and the genre divide would work on him - but the unique qualities of their particular setting and how it touches on meta things likely makes him able to, at the very least, slightly believe what they're trying to do.

In short, he was someone who completely knew and understood everything about their circumstances right now, and judging by how he's not fighting them seriously - perhaps he even agreed with the way that they were doing things.

Which means…

"We're not enemies at all." Yuki concluded. "So there's no need to fight, is there?"

For a short moment, her words were simply met with silence. Seconds ticked by without an answer, and Yuki can't help but feel slightly nervous at what his reply was going to be.

Then, the man let out a sigh.

"This is one hell of a way to deal with an overpowered character." he muttered, before scratching the back of his head in a manner that seemed so familiar to her. "You meta people are quite the fascinating bunch. Your line of thought is alien to me, but perhaps it's because of the 'genre divide' that you all keep mentioning… It's been a long time since I've stumbled upon a limit I can't cross."

Yuki blinked at that. It's a bit of a non sequitur, but with the way he's acting… her gaze started to turn bright.

"Yeah. We can stop fighting." the man answered her unspoken question with a shrug. "There's no point in keeping up this charade, anyway. Go fix whatever mess done on other settings or whatever it is. And you can also stop your friends over there. They look like they're about to attack me."

His statement made Yuki turn behind her. And there Yuki saw that a few feet away from her, she could see that the others had been listening in and were prepared for a fight. They must have teleported as well after recovering from their surprise at Yuki's actions.

She sent them an apologetic smile. That said, they seem to be a great deal less tense now after hearing their talk - there was V who had brought down her gun, and Aoki-san looked at the expy like he was a puzzle… with the exception of Rias, who appears to be a bit angry at the expy still.

"—Hold on a minute, so you weren't trying to fight us seriously this entire time!? Why the hell did you attack us then!?" she shouted at him, pointing at him accusingly. "Those punches you did to me really hurt, you know!?"

That made the man raise a brow. "What are you complaining about? You're healed anyway."

"So what? You just hit a lady! That's, like, totally uncool!" Rias said with a pout. "All men who smack ladies are insecure and pathetic! Don't you know that's common sense, Basa-kun!?"

"Like hell I care." he deadpanned. "And don't act familiar with me. I told you that I'm not that guy, didn't I?"

"Hah?" Rias' face twitched. "What's with that reaction… It's kinda pissing me off. It somehow reminds me of my middle school days…!"

Yuki watched as a vein appeared on Rias' forehead as she clenched her fists. Perhaps the redhead might have shouted some more after that - But before she could do so, they were all interrupted by the sudden sound of something open in the air.

It was a portal. The kind that Yuki and the others weren't aware of. She and the others tensed at this sudden development, and it quickly turned into surprise as people on the other side came out.

"We're here!"

"Basa-kuuuun! Are you safe!?"

"..."


Spoiler

And they're all familiar people, it seems. After all - they've seen them just a couple hours prior.

Yuki and the others all blinked after seeing them. She instantly recognized the orange-haired time traveler from earlier along with the others who were undoubtedly the alien and the esper/sorcerer that V, Aoki-san and Rias encountered. The time traveler immediately hugged the expy, while the others stood there, looking relieved.

But what exactly were they doing here? They should've been caught by hypnosis that Basa-kun did earlier judging by their dazed looks when they did the scrying magic. How did they manage to get out of that?

And the expy was also wondering the same thing it seems. "How'd you snap out of the hypnosis?"

It was the purple-haired girl who answered. "I noticed after I realized my perceived time is not lining up to the universal one. I had initially thought that I was caught in a simulated world, but I quickly determined it was not the case and dispelled it using the techniques Koizumi has taught us."

"Yes. It's a very hard thing to notice." the man with them answered. Yuki blinked, before narrowing her eyes at him… No, was this person a 'him' in the first place? He looks surprisingly effeminate. "Nagato-san quickly helped us out after that. Then we noticed you and the president were gone…"

"Was everything okay!? You're not hurt, are you…" the time traveler muttered, before turning her head and noticing them for the first time. Or to be more accurate, the girl met Yuki's eyes. "…Ah! I-It's them!"

The others tensed as they also realized their presence. Yuki felt energy gather from the purple-haired girl and the 'man' respectively as they frowned at them, but before things could devolve into a fight - something interrupted them.

There was a snap of a finger. The noise echoed in the quiet crater, and for some reason their three guests suddenly stiffened and gained a dazed look on their faces. Yuki blinked.

Then with a questioning look, she turned to the expy who had hypnotized his companions.

"It's our loss." the man explained. "And these guys have nothing to do with it. So leave them alone and do whatever you need to do now. I'll keep things in order on my end."

Yuki nodded slowly. It seems that he was willing to cooperate with what they're trying to do, now that there was no reason for them to fight.

"Thank you." she said gratefully.

As she said that however, Yuki heard Rias suddenly make a strange comment somewhere from the side.

"What the heck? Is that your harem, Basa-kun?" she asked, looking at the other 'man' in the group with a strange expression. "You have that guy as part of it? I mean, I don't judge, but I didn't really peg you as the type…"

"That's a woman, Rias-chan. She's just crossdressing." Aoki-san whispered beside her.

Rias' eyes went wide. "Wait, for real?" she turned to the 'man' again, looking at them closely. "I-I didn't notice… Now that I look at it, you're right! They look a bit curvy in some places, huh?"

Then the redhead gave a thumbs up to the expy.

"Nevermind what I said then! Tomboys are a pretty good pick! Nice!"

Yuki palmed her face in embarrassment. "Rias… please."

Meanwhile, the expy stared at her in deadpan. "Right. Whatever." he stated with a tone that couldn't care any less. "I'll take my leave now. Now go do whatever you want."

Saying that, he was about to snap his fingers again in a manner that Basa-kun usually did whenever he cast a spell. But before he could likely teleport away with his companions - Yuki found herself asking a question that had been on her mind this entire time.

"May I ask you something before you leave?" Yuki questioned, making the man pause. She took that as an assent and continued. "Rias already asked about it, but… Is there a reason why you fought us in the first place? We could've avoided everything if you simply didn't choose to fight."

The man was silent for a moment.

Then, staring at her straight in the eyes, he answered her question.

"Good endings are earned, not given." he stated vaguely. "You fought and risked your life for something you believed in, even with the knowledge that you're facing an incredibly powerful opponent. Something like that is important, because you've managed to prove that you aren't just people who can only depend on a certain person when faced with a difficult problem."

His statement made them all blink, but the man continued speaking.

"I have limited understanding of the narrative considering that I am not meta. However, I've been told that there is a certain ending waiting for all of you and the man you all treasure." he stated. "As for me… My role is just to be a stepping stone to that ending. I desire the same thing, after all."

"So I fought all of you. That's all there is to it."

And so, after saying those mysterious words - the man left with his companions, finally leaving them behind.

For a few seconds there was silence.

"…What was that supposed to mean?" Rias muttered, vocalizing what they had all felt after that.

Meanwhile, Yuki stared at the empty space that the expy and the others were once in. She couldn't quite comprehend what the man had just said, with him being incredibly vague and all, but it was very likely important. Especially when considering the implications of his words.

What could he mean by them needing to prove that they can do things without Basa-kun? And what does he mean by being told of a certain ending waiting for them? Does that mean Basa-kun had told his expy something in their short meeting when they encountered one another?

And more importantly, does this have to do with the fact that Basa-kun would be gone for a few days after this, as he suddenly told them last time?

She wasn't sure. And she was sure that she would be left wondering until said 'ending' had finally arrived. However, there was one thing that she was certain of even in this strange set of events they had been in.

—Basa-kun, even as an expy, was definitely dramatic as ever.




Spoiler

"Hm, hm hmm~♪"

In a different place, in a different time.

Within a world that can only be described as paradise, there was a girl who had bent down and played with the ethereally beautiful flowers on the ground next to her while humming a song under her breath. And right near was a man, who simply watched her as she did so.

For quite a long while there was simply silence between them. Even when the man had forcefully sent the girl into this place, they hadn't spoken a single word to each other. It was hard to tell what they were doing, much less thinking in their minds right now.

But then at some point, the girl finally spoke.

"So, is everything outside dealt with now?" she suddenly asked. "I do not know what you are planning when you suddenly brought me here, and I tried not to look since I'm polite like that. But Basa-kun would be hard to deal with, you know? Those girls with you have strange abilities, but they wouldn't be enough at all."

"…I trust them." the man replied. "Also, me and that guy have come to an accord."

"Oh? You talked with him? In our short meeting?" the girl looked interested for a moment, before shaking her head with a smile. "Oh well, I'm looking forward to the surprise that follows. That man makes it his personal mission to make me not to be bored, after all."

Standing up, the girl then looked at the vast expanse of flowers before her.

"Still, what beautiful scenery this is… May I ask where you've brought me? I might visit this place again sometime. If this place survives, that is."

The man went quiet for a moment, as if deliberating whether to answer it or not.

Then, he seemingly decided that there was no harm in answering truthfully.

"Avalon."

That made the girl's head tilt curiously. "The mythical island in the Arthurian legends? Fascinating. It seems separated from the world itself along with having strange properties… I notice that there is not a single fairy around here though."

"It's not the whole thing. I stole part of it." he said with a shrug.

"You're making it hard for me to not act interested here, you know." the girl said with a smile. "Can you tell me your true identity already? You're not Basa-kun, that much is clear. And yet… you're very much like him. In the ways that matter."

"I'll tell it to you if you allow yourself to be hypnotized."

"And miss out on the fun? No thanks." the girl said, sticking out a tongue.

"Then we are at an impasse."

"Yes, indeed." she smiled again. "I feel so excited right now. You're quite strong, and the mysteries that you and your companions hold - it fascinates me to no end. So knowing that our goals differ… there should be only one conclusion this will end in, no?"

"…It does seem like it."

Another moment of silence. However, unlike earlier, there was an undercurrent of anticipation under it.

The world of paradise they were in was said to be the safest and most everlasting place in existence, repelling all damage and interference due to housing the soul of the world. And while it may just be a stolen part of it, the same properties should still apply.

Yet faced with what these two beings were about to do… the world of paradise itself had trembled, as if sensing what they're about to do and fearing it.

—Power surged.

The ground quaked, and the air thrummed from an invisible pressure.

"So, mister." Haruhi Ajimu started, releasing an incredible amount of pressure that would have flattened a small country in seconds. "Shall we have a dance for a bit? The audience requires a good preview of what is to come, after all."

Basa stood under that pressure, unbothered.

"Do whatever you want." he answered easily. "Though, I'd just like to ask you to keep meta statements to a minimum. It doesn't sound clever at all when you keep repeating it. Especially when you have no idea what you're even talking about."

That made Haruhi giggle. "Is that so? And that is as opposed to you?" she replied, before shrugging. "I guess I'll trust the expert, then. But as for now… hmm, let's see, what would be a good thing to start things with… Ah, I know!"

The girl's smile widened into a grin.

"—Why don't I try to end this world? That should be a good enough stress test, shouldn't it?"

It was an ominous statement.

On any other occasion, her words would've been taken as a joke. After all - this place belonged to a setting which easily dabbled with the conceptual. But if it was said by this person, a reality warper which the universe listens to… then those words easily become all too real.

To which she quickly proved it true when the girl activated just a single ability out of her twelve quadrillion skills. One that appears to be an homage, or even parody, of another ability in a different setting.

And thus, the Haruhi Ajimu spoke:



"Made in Heaven."
​


—It was then that a fundamental change was made.

The world turned into night. Then, it turned into day, and then night again. Night, day, night, day, night, day; the large flaming ball in the sky began to rise and fall at an accelerated rate as time itself sped up, until its fast movement eventually converged into a single ring in the sky.

Ethereal flowers died, spread themselves, and multiplied. Rocks weathered and broke down, exposing new ones in its wake. Water dried up, caused rain, and eventually seeped back down to the ground.

The everlasting paradise was subjected to infinity.

And in response to it… it somehow held.

Temporarily, at least.

"My, oh my. It seems that this place really is the real deal." the girl said with a curious tone, looking around as time continued to accelerate at ridiculous speeds. "However, in the face of the end of the universe, even something everlasting due to being connected to the planet is nothing. I wonder how long this can last? And more importantly…"

She stared straight at the man in the eyes..

"I wonder how long you can last against me, mister?" she asked, sounding amused. "After all, is there even any way that you can beat someone like me in a fight? I'm not a person who brags, but even Basa-kun wasn't able to beat me, you know?"

The man said nothing, his face not betraying any emotion he felt.

Then, he stepped forward, flexing his fingers to form into a fist—


Spoiler

—Before moving in a burst of speed right to the girl and striking her with enough force to destroy everything behind her and flatten it. It shook the entire world that they were in, testing the boundaries of a place where everything 'cannot be damaged'.

That said, the same girl just easily blocked the incredibly destructive attack with just a hand while wearing a cheery smile. After the dust settled, they were left with the sight of the man's fist pushing against her palm, which remained uninjured despite the fact that it met the attack directly.

But seemingly undeterred by the sight, the man simply used their lessened distance to answer her earlier question.

"You'll just have to see it." Basa stated simply.

In response to that, the reality warper let out a grin.

"Definitely right." she agreed. "Then, I look forward to it. Show me your prowess."

The man didn't reply after that. There was no more need for words, after all.

With that, as the two disappeared as they went on to move faster than the eye could even register, sudden quakes and explosions occurred within the span of seconds followed by countless amounts of projectiles, spells and effects being thrown around.

It was a ruinous fight, one that would've likely drastically altered or even destroyed the planet if it were done not in some isolated parallel dimension, and surpassing the power of many of the shounen action genres out there in terms of destruction.

A fight of epic proportions that exceeded far more than anything before.

—And with that, the meta character finally fought the reality warper.


I can't stop it. The cliffhangers - they're too addicting! Oh, by the way, did I mention that I have a patreon? Up to 10 advanced chapters, so you can definitely see what's going to happen next- Wait, please don't stone me to death. Please have mercy.
Last edited: Jun 28, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, leks, Semi-Immortal_Cat and 624 others
Skrubchap
Jun 15, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 33
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jun 26, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,493
Chapter 33

How does someone beat the unbeatable?

It's an impossible question to answer.

After all, 'unbeatable' by definition means that you cannot defeat them. To beat an unbeatable person would mean going against the premise of the scenario. And if the premise is challenged, then the question loses its meaning.

Logically, the answer doesn't exist. There's no beating the unbeatable.

And in theory, that should extend to my opponent right now.

Huh? Does that mean it's game over? Am I actually screwed? Should I turn off my phone, close my eyes, and sleep since I have work tomorrow? Well, not really. Reality is weird in a way that logical things like that don't always apply. Yes, even in this fuckass world where fiction is actually reality - it still doesn't work that way.

In theory, concepts and scenarios are reduced so that our feeble minds can comprehend it. But reality is far more complicated. And fiction, being a simpler and more digestible form of reality that is put in a medium, is still not a place where 'things completely work in theory'.

And in this case, it's the simple case of asking this particular question.

What exactly does 'beating someone' mean in this case?

This girl I'm facing is someone that I cannot defeat. Her powers are so stupidly bullshit that it eclipses my own bullshit by several orders of magnitude. I do not know the extent of her powers since I maintain minimal contact with this setting, but I know that she has me beat in raw power and variety.

That said, while I cannot defeat her - I don't really care if I defeat her in battle or not. After all, that's not my goal.

My goal is to deal with the world-affecting scenario. It just so happens that this person is an obstacle to it. If I can manage to achieve my goal without defeating her, then I'd still consider that as a victory.

And in that way, I managed to 'beat' her.

That is how you beat the unbeatable. It's the simple requirement of fulfilling your imposed victory conditions… as long as said conditions aren't outright defeating the unbeatable character, that is. But then again, I say 'imposed' because most of the time the conditions are a matter of perspective.

Victory is achieving goals you set out to do, not removing the obstacles blocking you from it. From that simple understanding, titles such as 'unbeatable' lose their meaning. And from that, the possibilities become endless.

…Although, even considering all that, it's quite tricky to do it with an opponent like this.

—Gargantuan explosions, world-shaking tremors, and other sounds caused by unknown phenomena and the mundane universe' laws being broken. And around us, the everlasting paradise strained itself to remain unaltered in the face of everything accelerating exponentially until the end of time, along with the constant destruction and reformation of the terrain by our incredibly destructive attacks.

Above us, night and day had mixed and turned into dusk. And the fake sun, along with the stars that dotted everything up above, all turned into blurred lines that streaked the sky.

And what's more, like when a Samurai-themed or a Yamato Nadeshiko character appears, the flowers being brought back and destroyed in quick succession caused us to be bathed with an obnoxious amount of ethereal petals like blossoms in the wind.


Spoiler

It was an alien, yet beautiful sight.

That said, I couldn't really appreciate it with my attention focused on the person I was fighting.

"Dead Lock, Life Zero, Standing Ovation, Mirror Juvenile, Five Focus, Door To Door, Give Up-Down, Count Up, Lady Guitarist, Sword Look, Leg Walker, Trick Sword, Dead Or I Love You, Limited Foot, Amateur Armor, Hi-Fi Speed, No Motion, Dynamite Smile, Ad Hoc Attack, Remote Light, Child Control, Life Scars, Head Edge, Ghost Cutter, Sword With Red Ice Cream, Atomic Number—"

I watched closely right in front of me as my opponent began yapping up a storm. In accordance to the standard anime battle protocol, she was saying out loud the names of her skills and abilities. And she truly has a lot of them, which made it look ridiculous since it sounded like she was saying a bunch of nonsense.

However, it would be deadly to underestimate her.

After all, this girl has the power to do virtually everything with the quadrillion skills under her disposal, and has the ability to manipulate reality itself into whatever she wants it to be. Incredibly powerful to the point that one would wonder how this person can even be beaten as an antagonist, or how they can even contribute to the story without making everything else trivial.

That is the person that I was currently fighting.

"—Paradox Engine, Glass Ceiling, Reality Bypass, Terminal Velocity, System Shock, Ghost Protocol, Logic Bomb, Zero Hour, Vector Shift, Absolute Zero, Phase Lock, Structure Collapse, Ego Death, Mirror Breach, Void Step, Chain Reaction, Rule Breaker, False Flag, Event Horizon, Kinetic Drain, Static Pulse, Frame Perfect, Hit Box, Nerve Pinch, Soul Tether—"

"—Karma Return."

An incomprehensible chaos followed.

The light show that I was subjected to wasn't something that would make a Victorian child go into a seizure, but rather straight up burn their corneas and make them blind or possibly go insane. If it weren't for the hundreds of parallel thought processes I have right now, along with a hundred other spells running in the background that improves my reaction times and foresight - I wouldn't have been able to make sense of it.

A variety of skills and abilities from spatial, temporal, elemental, kinetic, mental, and conceptual attacks. All with complicated interactions, which would likely boost its destructiveness even further.

—And I managed to avoid it all.

I ducked, weaved, and teleported around. As I dodged the hits - literal stars, voids and incomprehensible projectiles made of bullshit powers appeared all around me, along with various cuts stretching beyond kilometers carved itself on the realm. The more conceptual attacks simply splashed on the barrier that I surrounded myself with, before dissipating once I no longer needed it.

All of that done by Movement skills, Causality-nullifying spells, and then Physical, Mental and Conceptual barriers. It's not quite as many abilities utilized in comparison to whatever that girl just did, but it got the job done.

After all, while a complicated amount of abilities sounds intimidating and powerful - simple always worked best.

In any case, after doing all that in a matter of milliseconds and crossing the distance between us - I summoned my spirit weapon, twirled it open and went on to stab the girl. The butterfly knife's blade sliced through the air as it seeked the girl's heart, but before it could manage to even make contact with her clothes, something intercepted it.

A folding paper fan. The girl brought it out of her pocket and caught the blades between it.

I stared at her and the girl smiled.

…How graceful.

"Nice moves." she said cheerily. "I don't recognize any of the things you just did, but I recognize that they're actual power systems with history behind them. Where did you learn it?"

I pulled back my knife and she brought up an arm. Then, instead of dodging the arm that she extended - I slashed my knife to the left, imbuing it with various cutting spells, abilities and skills which amped up the range and damage significantly.

It resulted with the entire mountain range that was on my left being obliterated into pieces from a hundred thousand cuts. The girl in front of me faded away, and the real one appeared on my left a slight distance away with a cracked bubble around her.

I glanced at her direction.

"Learned it in Lala land." I answered her question.

"Pfft." The girl looked amused. "Is that so? I know pretty much all the places in the world, but I'm pretty positive that place doesn't exist… Unless you're saying that you're not from this world?"

As she said that, the girl didn't let up one bit and shot me a bunch of unstable energy projectiles. I batted them away, and they exploded far away to the horizon behind me, each one having the strength comparable to a hundred megaton warhead explosion.

"Not really. Maybe you just missed them." I replied, ignoring the heat behind me. "They're pretty hidden, after all."

A sharp laugh came out of her. "Haha. If any other person said that, I'd just laugh them off." she chuckled. "I have eyes everywhere, you know? I thought that I knew everything about this world already… and yet here you are, standing as a direct opposition to that. You're really a mystery."

Then, she tilted her head.

"I'm supposed to be the antagonist in our story, so I wonder what exactly your role here is? A side character to measure up against my power? Or a Deus Ex Machina, perhaps? I am pretty strong, after all. I even sometimes question how the main character could even beat me…"

I stayed silent, and she pouted.

"Not even a hint?" she sighed. "Whatever. I'll eventually find the answer myself."

Then the girl snapped her fingers.

—And the next moment, the sky lit up as stars suddenly appeared up high. Or to be more specific, it was due to the appearance of millions of projectiles that were similar to the ones that I batted away earlier, each one carrying the power to level a large city.

She grinned. "Try not to die, alright?"

And with that, the projectiles all fell towards me like a world-ending meteor shower. And looking up, I simply stared at it blankly, my incredibly boosted perception allowing me to watch the whole thing in very slow motion.

What a pain, this girl. Is she just trying to wreck the place?

The vast majority of them weren't even aimed at me.

I brought up an arm and pointed a finger towards it, before shooting a simple curse spell. That thing was enough to prematurely destroy one of the projectiles which caused a chain reaction of it detonating those around it, and this realm we were in became brighter in that single moment.

Not all of it exploded, but those that were aimed at my general direction did. That said, it was all just something that was meant to distract me, it seems.

Since the very next moment I did that - the reality warper in front of me and started to fight me in close combat.

I dodged, blocked and countered a countless amount of strikes from the girl as she suddenly displayed the greatest display of martial skill I have ever encountered. In a span of a single second, I was subjected to feints, techniques and various other martial arts bullshit that almost overwhelmed me with the strength and sheer amount of strikes she let out.

Keyword being almost, however. I matched it to the best of my ability… but even then it was only barely. She moved faster than I could and caught me in hits that I didn't expect, due to a significant difference in our martial skill.

It was something that I hadn't experienced in a very long time, being so outmatched like this.

"You can keep up with me, but it's clear that you have your limits." the reality warper observed with her usual smile, her breath and words steady despite our intense close combat. "Let's see… These aren't skills like the ones in our school. I think these are real martial art styles?"

I furrowed my brows before delivering a counter to her recent kick that obliterated the land behind me. The girl brought up her forearm to block the hit, but I activated a phasing ability in a split second which made me go through her. The reinforced strike connected to her face, making her pause for a bit.

"…Various fatal spells targeting to stun and destroy the internal organs, as well as to exponentially amplify strength. Is there a hint of sunlight there as well?" she muttered in thought. "Hmm, the thaumaturgical foundation is like a normal magus', but it's also muddled with things I do not know."

The girl then started to fight me in close combat again, this time in a much more intense manner and seemingly adapted to the styles I was using earlier. I frowned, and then prepared something at the back of my head.

"But considering everything… your abilities aren't the same innate skills that we have. You learned them the hard way. That's very impressive." She deduced, before looking curious. "Which means that whatever you are, you're beyond our setting—"

I caught her in a grab, and suddenly a portal opened underneath us which sucked us inside. The girl blinked as we suddenly found ourselves absurdly high above Avalon, right where space is. Or at least, a very good facsimile of it.

"—…"

Absolute silence surrounded us as sound was unable to travel. Her yapping finally stopped, and the flyswatting-like vibe that she was setting herself up for was terminated for a moment.

And simultaneously, the various amounts of prepared spells and tech that I set up while she was distracted by me finally activated. I teleported away as something resembling a singularity suddenly appeared in her spot, before readying my spirit weapon.

She clearly got caught by the attack, but I already know what's coming next. I quickly struck behind me, stabbing the reality warper that suddenly appeared out of nowhere. It was a direct hit to her chest.

—But above me, an identical girl struck me with a spinning axe kick. I grit my teeth as she managed to hit me directly, passing through the protections I weaved on myself and sending my flying down while breaking the sound barrier.

The reality warper suddenly teleported herself right to my face a moment after. She smiled.

"You're aware of how the world runs like a story too. You just tried to silence my monologue just now, didn't you?" she continued her deduction as we finally entered the realm's atmosphere. "You grasp its logic far better than the others in our school. Enough to manipulate it more delicately. And as far as I know, that's only limited to me and Basa-kun."

I didn't reply.

Instead, I stabbed my arm with my knife, activating a ritual curse that connected to the girl and the rest of her clones present. The girl blinked once more when a wound appeared in her arm, before she turned wide-eyed as her teeth started falling off and everything in her mouth started to rot. She grasped her jaw, before her eyes turned back to me.

I met it. I stared at her straight with a hand closed over my own mouth, utilizing the blood I spilled to unleash a biblical-level pestilence on myself. I ignored the intense pain of my entire body rotting from my mouth to my insides, watching her as she also felt the same pain as I did across all her bodies.

It was a horrifying thing to watch, having an impact that was more visceral and disturbing in comparison to the awesome displays of power we had unleashed earlier. It was also whiplash-inducing, since a sense of realism suddenly appeared in what looked like a typical destructive shounen fight.

—Then, the world cracked, and everything wasn't like that anymore.

Somehow I found myself falling again, completely whole. There was no trace of my self-inflicted attack as if the very existence of it happening was erased, and the girl in front of me was also undamaged because of it.

Said girl was also staring at me with puzzlement, as if she wondered why I just did that.

"…You are acting differently to us, however." she muttered, continuing her earlier talk. "You conduct yourself under a different set of logic. Is it because you're not at our level of understanding in the world? No, that can't be it. You were following what I was talking about. And there's also the stunts you did earlier."

She then frowned, her brows furrowing as she considered the implications of such.

"Or is it us who are not at your level…?" she muttered.

Again, I was silent.

With my attempt to make a seinen-like atmosphere failing thus preventing me from sneaking in an attack - I finally opted for a brute force strike which I saved to deal with this reality warper.

In an instant I gathered spiritual energy on my foot and distanced myself away from the reality warper using the air as footing. And as I did that, I formed hundreds of clones which I controlled with parallel thought processes, surrounding the girl before she could react.

Each one did separate spells, techniques to even artifacts and techs. It was much like the trap earlier, utilizing her unfamiliarity with the many settings that she hadn't encountered - except this time in a much greater variety since I pretty much used all the every single thing tucked into my brain and subspace.

I bound her so she can't move. I turned space inward in case she tried tricks like portaling out or teleporting. I stopped every single supernatural phenomenon around her. I erased the concept, result, and possibility of her ever leaving that place. And I set this event in the timeline, making it something that would undoubtedly occur, stopping causality bullshit from interfering.

There was no escaping this attack. Only one thing would result from this - and it's the reality warper getting hurt.

—Then, I struck.

Another incomprehensible light show, similar to the one that I subjected the reality warper earlier into. I kept an eye on my surroundings this time to prevent anything like before from happening again, but as far as I know, the reality warper hadn't been able to move a single inch.

And so, I watched as the light show settled… and there, floating in the middle of it was the reality warper. Her uniform was ruffled and scorched, and for the very first time it truly looked like I finally reached her with that attack.

The girl blinked.

"Huh." she muttered, looking at herself. "You actually made me bleed. That hasn't happened for a long time."

Then, she looked up at me.

"…You're not going to repeat that again though." she declared.

What followed was a blur. Literally.

Somehow, all my clones were instantly vaporized as the girl moved. I managed to bring up my defenses by dilating time the greatest that I could to the point that time itself had stopped, but even then I was barely able to react to the girl moving in to engage in close combat again. I dodged the fist headed to my face by tilting my face to the side, barely avoiding my head from being atomized.

Somehow she managed to break through the restraints that I put on her. How did she do it? Conceptual manipulation? No, it's likely that she just overpowered it, somehow. Likely with some ability which she pulled out of her ass.

"You really are like Basa-kun in the ways that matter." she stated, somehow managing to speak normally despite incredibly dilated time. "He was the only one that accomplished that after I got this strong. He wasn't as creative as you are though - but then again, you're not using innate skills like we are."

Having no choice after using everything I could on that attack, I went on to simply brawl with the girl once more.

It was a fight that I was clearly losing. Blood seeped out of my wounds as the girl slowly tore me apart bit by bit each strike, having managed to outbullshit my own bullshit martial arts. An impressive bullshit feat only reserved by bullshit characters like her.

"Is that the reason why you look like him? Are you perhaps a clone of Basa-kun?" the girl continued to speak idly, trying to divine my identity. "It's a plausible development. If someone wants to defeat me, then they're greatest chance of doing that is either to somehow clone me or him."

The reality warper then shook her head, letting out an exasperated sigh.

"Unfortunately, I can only be defeated by the main character so there's no way for me to get defeated. All the efforts of you and the people who made you are wasted. Although, I do wonder what method you used to somehow clone Basa-kun…"

The girl suddenly trailed off.

Despite the violence I was being subjected to, I just stared at her, not saying a thing.

"…What's with that look in your eye?" she asked with a strange tone.

For the most part, I haven't been replying to her constant yapping. I didn't see the point of talking after all, and admittedly, this girl was powerful enough that I couldn't afford being distracted by having a conversation with her.

That said, I had been listening to the words that had been coming out of her mouth. So while I couldn't really speak out what I thought and didn't particularly feel like doing it, it must have still shown itself through my expression. And for a reality warper like her who surely had an ability about reading faces or something - it was enough for her to determine what I was feeling transparently.

And seeing myself right now…

"Why are you looking at me in pity?"

Somehow, despite the fact that she was winning our battle - a clear expression of frustration appeared on the girl's face. Out of all the attacks which I sent to her, this was seemingly the one that had affected her the most. The expression was wiped away a moment later however, replaced entirely with a frown.

"I don't like it. You staring at me like that with that face." the girl muttered, before letting out a sigh. "…I can't figure you out at all. Why do you fight? What is the point of all this? To what end is your entire character even meant to serve?"

Then, she furrowed her brows.

"And why do I feel this familiarity around you…? It's just so odd…"

"…"

Once again, I didn't answer.

Throughout our fight, I could see the way her mind raced as she tried to make sense of everything. A reality warper like her who carries so many abilities definitely carries an intellect that is way beyond the normal genius. A twelfth level of intellect, able to understand many phenomena in the universe as if they were solving simple addition.

Narratives usually don't show such a thing in actuality. Rather, stories display it by somehow being able to conclude the right things from limited evidence, along with being able to manipulate events by slapping a 'just as planned' after the story headed to whatever it wanted to be in. Then it would just be a matter of not breaking the suspension of disbelief after that.

Which was why this girl can definitely figure out the truth of what was happening, despite the fact that I hadn't spoken much or the fact that she wasn't meta like I am. And the truth is, she was already approaching it. She already deduced things about me earlier, and it would only be a matter of time she'll be able to determine who I am as well.

And yet, as I watched her try to do just that… the girl looked like she stopped herself from continuing her thoughts. She closed her eyes, and like a person turning a blind eye from a terrible truth - she chose to remain ignorant.

"…I suppose it doesn't really matter." she stated, tone blank for a moment, before turning her attention to me. "Say, you're barely even trying to fight me anymore. You're just getting beat up. What happened to the tricks you kept showing earlier? Did you give up?"

I was barely holding on now, fatally wounded from our constant exchange that I could barely keep up on. It was only through the constant healing and regeneration spells, artifacts and tech that I was using made me hold on. But it was still clear that I was being defeated.

And yet, I just stared at her.

And seeing that made the girl turn frustrated once more.

"…I'm growing tired of this."

With those words, the girl teleported away. I looked around before spotting her a bit far away. Around us, the still-occuring nuclear explosions from her earlier meteor shower attack traveled in slow motion from my time dilation. But almost in conflict with that, the realm was still in constant time acceleration from whatever this girl just did earlier, giving a truly alien scenery.

And right in the focus of it was the reality warper.

"I was hoping that you would show me more interesting things, but if this is how it will be, then there's no point in sandbagging anymore." the reality warper declared. "I'll defeat you, and then claim whatever secrets you're keeping in that pretty little head of yours."

Then, she extended her hand.

By this point, Avalon's fabric was tearing apart. It may be boasted as the ever-distant utopia which remains eternal no matter what, but even the thaumaturgical phenomenon caused by the world even has its limits. And in the face of everything that we've thrown to each other, it was vastly approaching said limit.

—But whatever this girl was doing pretty much broke beyond that.


Spoiler

I don't think I can even describe what I was looking at. In fact, staring at it instantly made my eyes blind. I healed it an instant later and applied my strongest barriers to myself, but even then I knew that whatever the reality warper was about to throw at me - my meager defenses definitely wouldn't be enough.

I'm not going to survive an attack like this. Not a single thing in my repertoire could even deal with it. Hell, I don't even understand what the hell I'm looking at in the first place.

So this is what it means to face a bullshit character, huh…? Seems like I was finally tasting my own medicine.

Nevertheless, through that incomprehensible chaos, I somehow heard the girl's voice.

"You're probably going to die, but it's fine. I can just bring you back. I'll kill you again and again and again - until you finally spill all your secrets." she declared, her threat of violence said with such casualness as if she was talking about the weather. "Unless you want to speed things up and just give up now?"

There was no point in answering such an obvious question.

I brought up my knife and pointed it at the girl.

"Very well." the girl simply stated.

"Then, I hope you don't regret this."

And with those words, the girl unleashed her attack. Avalon, the everlasting paradise, finally broke - and I was enveloped by the absurd nonsense that the reality warper made. I felt the absolute defenses I had developed my entire life get destroyed in an instant, and I got swallowed whole.

In the face of something that can shape the universe as they wished - I was simply nothing.


…And with that I, Basa-kun, had finally died.


























—Or not, actually.

I stood right in front of the student council room in Hakoniwa Academy, very much alive, inside a bubble which can be essentially described as the greatest gaslighting device in existence. A perfected mix of magic and tech from various disciplines, essentially combined to make the perfect dreaming device that was indistinguishable to reality.

And right in the middle of it was the reality warper, just standing there this whole time.

At some point when we were talking, I ensnared the girl and made her think that she was fighting me and put her in a hypnotic state. That's right, all of the things that just happened… It was nothing but a dream.

It's the shittiest conclusion to many stories. But for this case, it was an absolutely necessary move to make.

Why? Because I'm actually not stupid enough to fight someone that can destroy the universe. At no point could I possibly defeat this person in these conditions, no matter how many tricks I pull. So the best that I can do is to distract her and make her waste time while I fulfill my own objectives.

After all, as I said earlier - winning isn't about beating the opponent in the fight, but rather achieving what you set out to do in the first place.

And so, as the girl was distracted fighting another me inside the dream state she was in, I went ahead and did all the things I needed to accomplish. My clones in the background were working overtime, doing my plan to edit every single memory of the people in the setting so that they'd be able to essentially skip this 'arc'.

By now I've gotten every single one, aside from a few exceptions. There's the guy who looked like me, the girls who somehow broke through the hypnosis and followed him, and of course… There's this girl.

The former would be dealt with, for that I am sure. But for the latter - well, it's going to be tricky.

After all, this thing won't hold her long enough for my entire plan to take effect. With this being thrown as a conflict for us, the narrative won't allow a plan to work perfectly. At some point, this girl was probably going to break out.

And considering 'Basa-kun' just died inside and I was currently talking about the possibility of it happening, she's probably going to break out of this little thing anytime now.

—Crack!

…Speak of the devil.

"I finally understand."

I watched as the bubble around me suddenly cracked, before shattering like glass. Something that took me a few months of effort to make (or to be more specific, about a few days since I did this in the time dilation room) got absolutely obliterated in seconds.

And the cause of it stared at me. Despite finding out the truth of the situation, there was not a single trace of amusement in the girl's eyes nor even anger for attempting such a thing. Instead, the emotion that she showed was a strange one.

Melancholy.

A realization of a depressing truth, and the reflective sadness that came with it.

For a moment, we just stood there, staring at each other. Then, in this strange and heavy atmosphere that we found ourselves in, one that was filled with so many unsaid words - the girl then suddenly asked me a question, one that seemingly appeared out of nowhere.

"…Tell me, do you believe in aliens?"

For a second I was quiet.

Then I closed my eyes.

"…Yeah, they probably exist." I answered.

"What about time travelers? Espers?" she continued.

"Never met a time traveler." I replied. "And you'll find espers around."

"…And magic? Do you believe it?"

"Yeah. I'm a magus."

A familiar set of questions.

One that was asked on the seventh night of the seventh month, where a simple meeting between an odd girl and an odder boy in the sports field of a school led to the trajectory of the girl's life being changed completely.

And hearing the answers that came out of my mouth…

"It's you." Haruhi Ajimu told me with a sad smile. "So I've finally found you after all this time, huh?"

"…You did."

It was the first time we had properly met ever since I tried to fix my mistake and disappeared from her life.

At no point did I make any contact with her after that. Ever since I left her alone and let her run around with her strange reality-bending powers… And ever since the narrative decided to make it interesting for her to subconsciously make a functional copy of myself, since it couldn't make me go there on my own.

This girl, who had wished to meet me oh so long ago, just realized that she had been playing house with someone else this entire time. And that the person she treasured wasn't even the person she originally met in the first place.

And knowing all that… the girl can only let out an empty laugh.

"This day has been so full of surprises." she muttered. "And I guess that answers who you are, huh? What a twist. And despite the shock value it has… forgive me for not liking this particular twist a lot."

"…"

Following that, there was a long pause as the girl clearly digested everything. I waited for her to process the information she discovered. And then, after a while - she spoke once more.

"Do you mind answering my questions?" she suddenly asked. "Why did you try to erase my memories and disappear back then? Have I done something wrong to you?"

With the truth of the situation revealed, I saw no problem telling the truth now.

"You didn't. But your abilities awakening… it's something I have a direct hand in. And it was causing a lot of trouble." I admitted to her. "It was a time where I was still inexperienced about the world. And I thought that wiping your memories and removing my existence in your life is the best way to do it."

"I see. And this trouble, does this involve things that are beyond my understanding?" I was quiet at that. "…So, it is. You do understand something about the world more than we do. It's good to have some confirmation, at least."

Then, the girl smiled.

"And considering you're here with me again… I'm guessing the 'trouble' that happened in the past is occurring once more?" she asked. "Don't tell me it's because of my Flask Plan, is it? Is that the reason why you're here? To stop me?"

She calls it the 'Flask plan', huh? I fail to see the connection between flasks and turning ordinary people into main characters but…

"Yeah." I answered. "Got it in one."

Hearing that, it was the girl's turn to be silent this time. The girl processed what I told her… before following it with another question. One that was spoken with a soft, and surprisingly vulnerable whisper.

"…And once you're done with that," she began. "Will you disappear in my life once more?"

At those words, the atmosphere instantly turned heavy. I felt an immense pressure hold me down, and I could almost feel a guillotine bearing down on my neck if the answer that would leave my mouth was the wrong one.

But I didn't let it affect me. I didn't want to lie. Not for something like this.

I stared straight at the girl's eyes. Then I answered.

"I will." I told her. "And I'll disappear in your life, forever."

A pause, and the girl's eyes darkened.

"…I see." she remarked.

—And the next moment, I teleported away as the girl immediately threw herself at me.

The scenery instantly changed from the student council room to a view of the city. The transition was seamless, but for some reason - the girl remained hadn't disappeared, somehow able to follow me through the teleportation.

I kicked away her attempt to grapple me, before dodging the hundred other attempts that quickly followed.

"I'm not letting you escape." Haruhi suddenly declared, face grim as I quickly jumped back to gain some distance. "I already let you go once, I'm not going to let it happen again! You're going to show me all the special things in this world!"

The sudden appearance of two people out of thin air should've been a shocking sight, especially since we arrived in the middle of a street. Except that wasn't the case, since instead of being greeted with the sight of citizens walking around and living their lives - it was a chaotic sight of a gang war between various groups within the area.


Spoiler

"—Get 'em!"

"—This turf is ours, ya bastards!"

"—Oryaaa!"

We blended easily amidst the chaos of yankees and sukeban as the roads became a free-for-all fight between all of them. Weapons were thrown around constantly such as nailed bats, metal pipes, bokken, to even chains, whips and kunai. Blood spilled, but only on the level of gore that an action anime would be expected.

Haruhi's eyes narrowed as she looked around.

"A gang war…? And they're mostly ordinary people…" she muttered.

Then the girl easily evaded a bat swung her way by ducking out of the way, before transitioning in the same movement to counter with a three-hit kicking combo that sent the guy that attacked her along with everything behind him flying away.

"Gffough!" the thug shouted, before they crashed on the nearby wall.

As that happened, I went ahead and prepared a different way of escape after realizing that I can't escape her by teleportation. I put a hand on my chest before making myself - or rather this instance of a clone - disappear.

Haruhi's head whipped in my direction. "You're not—"

—Pop!

Like bubble popping, the parallel thought got cut off as the body became nonexistent, and that focus went on somewhere else. I found it going to a distant body that was observing the potential settings that would likely be affected by Haruhi's stunts.

In what looked like a rural part of the town, near a shrine that V and Aoki had gone to - I was looking over a scenery over the hill while inside what was likely an alien closed space. And from there, I could see the strange sight of a… giant Kaiju fighting a Buddha robot.


Spoiler

Much like what was happening from before with the gang war, it appears that they're in the climax of a fight. I stared at them for a moment, before looking to the side.

"—Ah, there you are!"

And then I was face to face with Haruhi once more, passing through a tear in space which she ripped out from the street earlier. She grinned when she caught me in a vice-grip, before pausing as she saw the sight in the distance.

"…A kaiju? No, an alien? And what is with that giant Buddha mech?' the girl asked, completely surprised at what she was seeing. "What are these places you're going to?"

I furrowed my brows, before letting the current clone disappear again.

Instantly, I arrived in a different scenery, this time on the rooftop of a building looking over at Akumano Academy which I visited earlier with Rias. And like the last two settings that we visited, the main character of this particular plot was fighting a demon for the climax of the arc.

Oh, and on top of a huge fuckass dragon at that.


Spoiler

"…More of those devils. And a dragon? Interesting…"

Seemingly having arrived earlier than I did, Haruhi said that beside me once more, looking over the academy as well with a fascination. The upset mood she was in earlier due to our talk was gradually losing steam as she stared at the sight, and the girl was slowly regaining her cheerfulness as she stared at new settings she had never seen before.

Then, she turned to me with an excited expression.

"So these are the places where you've learned your techniques?" she asked, eyes bright. "Show me more! Take me to a place on Earth that I've never seen!"

—Dispel.

"There's no point in trying to escape me again, you know? It's useless."

I was met with her face once more. Dispel.

"You're not—" School. "—getting—" Forest. "—away that—" Hidden facility. "—easily."

She continued smiling at me, despite the fact I switched in different locations hundreds and thousands of kilometers apart. Again, and again, and again, and again.

I frowned. As expected, Haruhi's setting was too flexible, enough for her to simply accompany me without difficulty without being affected by the settings.

And from my other parallel thoughts, I could see that instead of just following me - Haruhi was somehow identifying my other clones around the world as well. Steadily I could see Haruhi's own clones increasingly appear next to mine and it would only take a matter of time until she appeared in all of them. So with that, I went ahead and dispelled them all - leaving only one.

And by that, I meant my original body.

—I stood from another rooftop as I looked at the sight down below. Except instead of an academy like before, I was overlooking a busy district, along with an incredible sight of the skyline of the city. The view can be described as incredible as the sun had set, and the darkness of the night crept by on the sky leaving the area to be lit by the busy ward underneath.

Or at least, that's what it looked like on the surface. There's a reason why my main body was here despite all the shit that was happening in the world-affecting scenario after all. With every single setting connected to it seemingly experiencing a major fight, there ought to be some pretty destructive ones.

So, right after dispelling the rest of my clones around the world, I jumped up high into the sky.

And at that moment, right beside me once more - Haruhi gave me a now happy and excited smile.

"Oh, so this was where you really were!" she told me, before tilting her head as she looked around. "Tokyo, huh? But why are you here in particular—?"

She suddenly paused, looking to the side.

"Hm? What's this?"


Spoiler

Simultaneously, two other beings were also airborne while we were in the air, seemingly fighting each other without any care for the destruction that they were causing. Buildings and other structures were cut by malevolent energy or turned into boiling hot and pressurized magma, transforming what was once a normal district into a hellish wasteland.

And one of them, the one with pink hair and four eyes, turned his attention to us. I recognized him immediately, being the very big bad in this particular story.

"Ohh? And who are these two supposed to be?"

He muttered those words, a bit curious at our appearance. Then that curiosity was replaced with boredom as he seemingly settled onto a conclusion, perhaps not sensing the energy he wielded from us. Then he gestured in our direction.

"Well, it doesn't matter." he stated. "Die—"

The few cursed energy slashes he sent splashed uselessly against my defenses. And as for Haruhi, she batted them away with her folding fan, making it all cut a building right on her side instead.

"Interesting." Haruhi muttered for a moment. "Espers? No, a type of one? I remember Itsuki reporting similar people before when she tried to release some of our experimental creatures."

The pink-haired monster blinked, expression seemingly shocked by the development.

And as that happened, I saw no reason to act discreetly anymore and instead erected a large boundary field that encompassed the fighting grounds for this plot. Then I hypnotized every single civilian around and teleported them away from the area, before replacing them with my own clones with forged identities in order to become 'casualties' for this particular incident.

Haruhi turned to me, noticing what I just did.

"Ah, so that's why you're here." she realized, letting out another knowing smile. "You're such a bleeding heart, Basa-kun."

"—Who the hell are you!?" the other monster fighting, who looked like Mike Wazowski who got piked in the head, shouted at us as heat started to gather in our vicinity. "Don't get in the way, you humans!"

In contrast to that though, the pink-haired monster smiled bloodthirstily, sensing our strength and wanting to test himself. The guy then did some weird cringe gestures, calling out a great amount of cursed energy within himself.

"Buahaha! Fascinating!" he said with a wide, cruel grin. "Domain Expression: Malevolent—"

Before he could finish, almost instantly, billions of microscopically thin slashes appeared everywhere which the bounded field covered. It all splashed uselessly against my defenses but it wasn't the same for everything else. Buildings, roads, every single structure - all of it was atomized. The same could be said to the Mike Wazowski look-alike, who got cut up into nothingness as well.

All of that happened in just milliseconds or something. So a literal blink of an eye later, all that was left was a flat wasteland as if the entire area was erased.

"—Gkugh!"

And as for the monster himself however, his eyes were rolled up as if he took a different sort of damage than physical. The vessel of the monster was undamaged however, and he slackened in the air after falling unconscious.

"That thing like slashes a lot, huh. Didn't seem to make good use of it though." Haruhi said curiously, as if she just didn't mog a different story's big bad to the point of humiliation. "You can do your thing now, Basa-kun. You want this person alive, right?"

I snapped my fingers. And just like that - the main character's, the big bad's, and the rest of the remaining cast's memories were all manipulated, allowing them to move smoothly to the next arc.

And simultaneously, I also opened a portal behind me which I fell through and closed immediately. Haruhi followed, tearing through space as she created a portal of her own. And this time, we were transported to a different scenery from before.

So many settings from so many stories.

I tried to go through every single one there is, testing if she has the ability to follow.

The result was that she did. The girl followed me throughout and witnessed it all.

And in response to the sights, that girl… she looked incredibly happy.

"—It's incredible, all the things that you're showing me!" the girl said in complete joy as she kept chasing me. "You really showed me so many interesting things in the past couple minutes that instantly made my heart race more than any other moment in my life. I really was correct in my decision to chase you that time long ago!"

Then, she shook her head with a smile.

"To think that I thought that the world wasn't full of extraordinary things… It seems that my plan to make everyone special was flawed from the very beginning. There's so many avenues for it, and there's so many things I don't know!"

"So show me more! Let me explore it with you, Basa-kun!"

I stared at her after she said that. And as I continually tried to escape her, I spoke a question.

"—And what will you do after you fully experience the 'extraordinary' I could show you?"

That made the girl stiffen for a moment. It was a question that seemingly pierced through her, despite the fact that there was nothing in the universe that could probably make that happen at this point.

Then she smiled at me.

"…What are you talking about, Basa-kun? What does that have to do with what I'm saying?"

Everything. It had everything to do with it.

And she already knew what I was talking about, even if she didn't want to acknowledge it.

After all, this girl… At some point in her life, she was her own protagonist, exploring new things in her life until she became who she was today. Then at some point her story ended, and she transitioned into an antagonist to another person's story.

One where, for some strange reason, she thought of making a plan to make everyone main characters.

Even if she was influenced by the narrative to make that plan due to the meta-like nature of their setting, there's still an in-character reason for people to do things. A reason for her to want to make the 'extraordinary' things herself instead of chasing it like she usually does, leading to the world-affecting scenario that happened now.

It could be called her kindness. A way to make every person out there special? On paper, it sounds good.

However, that wasn't the truth in the slightest.

After all, with the sight of her being so happy right now because I gave her something new, and her instantly throwing that same plan on the wayside because of it… the reason why she wanted to do that plan in the first place is clear.

Because after searching and finding the 'extraordinary' things for so long, at some point, eventually…

"You'll get bored again."

As I declared that, Haruhi paused, before staring straight at my eyes.

And I met it.

"—Even if you try to follow me and explore as many settings as you want, there will be a time when everything will be over." I told her directly, pulling no punches on what will happen. "And at that point, you'll be the same as you are right now. Completely bored and trying to make what you call the 'extraordinary' yourself."

A plan to make everyone special as a kindness? Cool story. The reason why she's doing it is clearly not out of concern for others, but rather out of hunger for more. Like a person who had run out of good stories to read and decided to write one for themselves.

"Trying to chase me would just delay the inevitable, since the high you feel will be gone." I continued. "At some point, the adventure and excitement will end. That's just a fact of life. And one that you should accept after trying to extend it for so long."

In short, this girl was just trying to entertain herself. A bored god who wanted to feel alive, and one who doesn't want her life to be filled with mundanity.

Despite realizing her god-like powers, despite going through so many adventures and living out her own story… she hadn't changed at all from when she was a little girl, who thought that surrounding herself with special things would make things alright.

"Chasing the extraordinary isn't the answer, Haruhi." I stated. "It won't remove that feeling inside you."

At my words, the girl turned silent for a short moment. A hint of irritation appeared in her face, a vestige of Haruhi's old personality when she was still a little girl who wanted everything to go her way. However, time seemed to have tempered her somewhat, and it disappeared a moment later.

Then, she let out a bitter-looking smile.

"…I just can't help it." she muttered. "It's the nature of humans to find something special that will light up their lives, isn't it?"

"Not really. But I could show you the answer on how to solve that little feeling." I told her. "Or maybe I don't really need to. After all… they've been with you the whole time already, haven't they?"

In the first place, the constant search for the extraordinary stemmed from an existential dread. But when I first met her, it somehow eventually evolved into her trying to find me. To be honest, I hadn't really done anything special at that time. And sure, I showed her a magic trick, but it wasn't anything special. Any outside observer would think of it as a cool slight of hand.

A boy she met coincidentally in the school at night shouldn't be that 'extraordinary' in her books. And it took her being very obsessed with me that she managed to dig up the 'extraordinary' things that kept happening around me.

So what exactly did my meeting provide her that she'd want to find me so desperately?

The reason was actually very simple.

It was because I'm the first person to actually fully believe her. The only one to believe her strange ideas seriously, and the one that validated her feelings and genuinely connected to her amidst the feelings of horrible mundanity, inadequacy, and loneliness.

That's it. That's the answer to this girl's problems.

Since as it turns out, genuine connection to others is the answer to the girl's melancholy.

Except that right now, I'm not the person who holds this genuine connection. Time had already passed. Instead, it belonged to a certain group of people that was waiting for her when all of this was said and done.

And faced with the implication, the girl fell silent.

"…They were. They've been with me all this time, aren't they?" Haruhi whispered.

There was a pause as the girl let out a smile at her words, remembering fond memories that only she knew about her friends. It was a soft smile, making the girl look positively angelic.

—But then, it turned mischievous as she turned to me once more.

"That said, all of that can come later."

It was like a sudden brake, and the atmosphere that had been built up instantly shattered into pieces.

"You made quite a dramatic speech right there, and while I understand that you may have a point, I also know that you're the tricky sort." she observed. "Gentle guidance is a staple in many shounen works, you know? I know the signs when it's happening to me… So you're still coming with me, Basa-kun. Whether you like it or not."

My face turned blank.

…Tch, what a stubborn girl.

"Yeah, no. I don't have a place with you guys." I instantly rejected her after the talk-no-jutsu attempt failed. "Be realistic, will you? I'm essentially a stranger, and your entire group is just a harem. I don't need to spell out how horrible it would be if I were to join you."

"It'll work out." she said casually. "You're talking to a person that has twelve quadrillion skills, you know? And in the first place…"

The girl's eyes sharpened, and the pressure increased into inhuman heights.

"—At no point is your consent even needed. After all, there's no way that you can stop me." she declared. "You might have tricked me earlier with that dream thing, but right now we're in reality. You have no chance of stopping me here."

I stared at her blankly.

"And you're confident enough to state that, even knowing that you're raising a flag?" I asked.

Haruhi looked amused at that. "Sure, why not. I'm curious how you'd even beat me at this point." the girl chuckled. "Is it going to be the hypnosis you put on others earlier? I've seen it, you're trying to skip our 'arc' by implanting memories, correct? It's clever… if it weren't for one thing."

Her smile widened.

"How can you hypnotize me, Basa-kun?" she asked me. "You can't beat me at all, and while the dream state you put me in was clever, I'll eventually break out. So how can you make everyone skip this arc? How can you manipulate the memories of someone as powerful as me?"

"—You can't beat me at all, and that's a fact."

She has a point regarding that.

Once again, her being pretty much an unbeatable character proves to be a major challenge. And if someone who's meant to be unbeatable can be hypnotized, then they're not really 'unbeatable'. Mind manipulation is one of the most common powers out there, after all.

So, how can I beat her? Or from my earlier words, how can I achieve my objectives and attain victory?

Well, there's no need to be concerned about that, really.

—After all, I already achieved it.

"Thank you, I was waiting for that." I told her, making the girl blink, before snapping my fingers.

The sound echoed, and the effect was instant.

The hypnosis that I've put everyone in her setting on were all dismissed. If one were to look back at Haruhi's school - then every single student, teacher, and staff that was seemingly frozen in time all returned moving. And not just them, but also the other characters outside the school who I've determined who are related to the story as well.

And they carried the memories of the arc which ended with Haruhi's plan being foiled.

"What? You activated it?" Haruhi muttered, sensing what I did and looking at the direction of Hakoniwa. "What was that supposed to accomplish? Did you put something in their memories—?"

She paused, brows suddenly furrowing.

Then, her eyes widened.

"…I'm forgetting things."

She immediately said those words in realization. It was impressive that she noticed it immediately, and even more impressive that she noticed it at all. Perhaps she has some ability to sense that there's something messing in her brain, or perhaps it's her strange trait of being a meta-like person in her setting.

In any case, Haruhi turned to me. "What did you do?" she immediately questioned. "You didn't hypnotize me at all. You don't even have the capability to overpower me like that!"

"…"

I didn't. But I didn't need to either.

She was unbeatable, that was true. No matter what I do or try, as long as the nature of the conflict is a 'fight', then there's no way that I could defeat her. That was just the way of things, being a reality warper who could destroy the universe if she wished so. Not unless you're the main character to her plot, that is.

That's just a simple truth, one that was enforced by the narrative.

But… What if said unbeatable person wasn't fighting a character, but rather the narrative itself?

The narrative always tries to take the path of least resistance to make a great story. And to every single character right now, Haruhi's story has already completed an arc. It was only her and a certain other person who had incredibly different memories of what happened.

What would happen if, after a long arc of defeating them, the antagonist suddenly returned raving something about everyone being hypnotized, and that the chapters/episodes are just fake things that happened in the character's minds? Does that sound like something from a good story?

It's not. Which is why after doing all that, there was only one conclusion to everything.

—The narrative began erasing Haruhi's memories, making it agree with everyone else's.

"T-This is… I can't stop it…" Haruhi's eyes were wide, not having the slightest idea of what was happening due to her not being truly meta. "Y-You, what have you…?"

The girl then looked up to me, who was staring at her blankly.

Then, she grit her teeth.

"I'm not going to forget about you again! I can't!" she shouted, her composure breaking for the very first time. "I won't let you disappear again, not after I finally found you all this time!"

I watched as an incomprehensible aura similar to the attack that killed me earlier in that dream state appeared around her. The girl was likely desperately searching for a way to prevent what was happening with the twelve quadrillion skills that she had.

But it was useless. After all, it was the narrative who had provided her that power. How can she hope to stop it using that? It was a ridiculous idea.

That said, Haruhi still tried. She turned to me with a manic look on her eye, trying to memorize my entire features so as to not forget. And she probably had powers working in the background to help with that.

"I'm not going to forget you. I'll sear your image in my mind, no matter what! And if that doesn't work, then I'll just trap you with me to remind myself forever…!"

I closed my eyes at that.

"…I know." I muttered contritely, not liking the desperation on her face and knowing what would follow after this. "For what it's worth, I apologize. And I hope you can forgive me for what I'm about to do."

Hearing those words, which the girl definitely recalled as similar to what I told her last time before leaving her life… It made her stiffen up in shock. One that was further amplified when I opened a portal behind me and went through it.

The scenery changed, and the girl immediately tore through space, also appearing to where I was headed.

"You're not getting away!" Haruhi shouted.

Unfortunately, I was.

Because the portal wasn't my escape route. I've already tried many things to 'escape' her, those are just some probes to test if I truly could do it the normal way. Just exhausting my options, making sure that there were no alternatives until the very last one.

Because this whole time - I had been saving one thing that would allow me to truly escape from her.

After all, while it's been established that Haruhi is very powerful… she was still at the behest of the narrative. She wasn't meta at all, which is why her memory is fading right now. And from that, other rules that the narrative has will also apply to her.

Rules such as the genre divide.

Up until now, Haruhi was able to witness every different setting that I've been in. That was because of how flexible her setting was. They are literally superpowered students with a mix of aliens, magic and time travelers. And probably something else.

The reason why she was surprised by the abilities that I displayed was because she hadn't encountered the settings it came from. But that was more of a soft threshold than an uncrossable obstacle. And due to her power and nature, everything might as well be that way.

…On Earth, that is.

What if there was some place out there where she doesn't belong at all? What if her entire character was so different from what the setting demands? What if she doesn't fit the setting at all, so there's no way for her to appear?

What if it was from a different world entirely?

—Which is why, after crossing the portal, Haruhi's eyes turned wide.

And that was because she was subjected to a strange sight - the sight of me falling right in front of a person who was about to be run over by a large truck. Someone who, in my perspective, I've met a few days prior on the same day that this shit had all started.


Spoiler

"—AAAAAAGH!!!"

The blonde white knight that I met last time screamed as he and I got hit by the truck's front. He was sent flying, and so was I. A viscerally wet splatter echoed, and time itself stopped as people stared in shock at the blood and guts spilling everywhere from the vehicular manslaughter that occurred.

My defenses were no longer present, and I even made myself weaker for maximum damage. I felt extreme pain throughout myself as my entire body was mangled beyond recognition. I was wet with blood, caused by ruptured organs and sheared flesh and bones.

I was dying.

It was ironic that I survived so many things, and something like this would be the one to take my life. That said, I had no choice but to use this method. And through my rapidly darkening vision, I could see that Haruhi was staring at me with completely wide-eyes, not expecting what happened at all.

There was no way to prevent this. Even if she were to understand my intentions and try to heal my body, my soul was already leaving its physical vessel. Only a lifeless corpse would remain if she were to do that.

So, closing my eyes… I felt myself ascend from the mortal plane, leaving everything behind.

And with that, I was able to completely escape Haruhi's clutches. And this entire world-affecting scenario had finally ended once and for all.

…

…Man, what a load of fucking work.





…

…

…It was a gruesome sight.

The street was rife with people, all of which had stopped in their tracks to stare at the scene. Some looked at it wide-eyed, searing the sight straight in their minds. While others looked away, unable to stomach it. And as for a strange or just a confused few, they had taken out their phones to take pictures or record it.

All are uniquely human ways to respond to tragedy. However, out of all of these people around - a single girl stared at the accident not with shock or horror, but rather something different.

Sadness, disappointment.

Along with a heavy and familiar weight of melancholy.

It wasn't the right feeling in such a situation. However, that was what the girl truly felt right now.

She stared at the bloody scenery right in front of her. The image of the person she had met long ago was slowly leaving her mind as the narrative itself worked to remove it. The sense of incongruence in her memories increased, and no matter what she did with her mind-boggingly many skills, she couldn't do anything to stop it.

It was over. Her opponent lay dying in front of her.

And yet, she felt like she was the one who lost.

The girl stood there for a long while… until at some point she was joined by someone else. A person with the same face with the one she had fought just now, but oh so different.

The man stood right beside her as always. She knew that his mind also suffered the same thing as she did - in just a few seconds, they'd find their memories wiped of this encounter, and they'd likely be back in the Hakoniwa Academy doing whatever they were going to do after their 'arc'.

There was no point in staying. And yet, they remained. Choosing to use these scant few seconds to simply stare at the person who had changed their life so much, yet knew so little of.

And finally, the silence broke.

"How unfair." Haruhi muttered. "I just wanted to see what else the world can offer. Is that so bad?"

For a moment, Basa-kun said nothing.

"Perhaps." he then stated. "You were getting too addicted to our adventures for your own good. The others were worried, especially when you wanted that plan of yours enacted."

The girl considered his words for a moment after hearing that.

"…Maybe I am." the girl replied, before turning to the man beside her with an amused smile. "Is that why you didn't take your fight seriously, along with hypnotizing yourself and the others? Just to teach a lesson for little 'ol me?"

A simple nod was her answer. "Someone has to take care of your spoiled ass, after all."

The girl chuckled at that. "I see."

Seconds ticked by, and she could feel the majority of her memories disappear and become replaced by unfamiliar ones. As another bout of silence between them fell once more, the girl found herself asking a question in a strangely vulnerable tone.

"Hey." Haruhi muttered. "What do you think will happen after this? With our roles in the story finished… What are we going to do? Will our adventures finally be over?"

Another pause.

"…Who knows. Maybe we'll find ourselves in a new story, with new roles and such. Or maybe we'll get none of that at all, and just become side characters to the current one. I'm not as versed on the mechanics as the other guy."

The man answered her question with that, tone neutral. As expected, his answer wasn't as reassuring in the slightest, choosing a much more honest approach than lying about the situation.

But his next words changed that outlook entirely.

"—Although, that doesn't really matter, does it?" he muttered, looking at the direction of Hakoniwa Academy. "As long as we're with the others… adventure or not, I'm happy with it."

Haruhi paused, remembering her opponent's words earlier.

…Then, she smiled softly.

"You're right." she agreed. "That's the only thing that really matters, it seems."

Silence had fallen between them once more. Yet unlike earlier, the heavy sense of melancholy had disappeared, replaced with something more of comforting acceptance.

As that happened, the girl went on to close her eyes and rest her head on the man's arm, simply enjoying his presence beside her and resigning herself on what was to come.

And finally… the clock struck twelve.

The moment their memories were replaced, the two disappeared from where they stood as if they were ghosts. Where they went was unknown, and who knew what the narrative had in store for them.

But despite it all, there was one thing that was for sure - the entire world-affecting scenario was finally over. Things went back into stability once more, and no one knew how it came close for everyone involved. Aside from a select few, that is.

With that, the curtain finally came into a close.

And the world kept turning as it always did.


































—Sometime after that.

"…Everything seems to be in order."

Yuki muttered those words as she stood up, removing her hand on the delinquent girl's head that was sprawled unconscious in front of her. She appeared as a textbook sukeban member, complete with a modified uniform and a face mask.

Except, the girl had a real katana with her. She was also skilled with it, judging from the memories she just scanned in her mind. The standard action anime, except with a delinquent setting.

And in those same memories, Yuki determined that the large-scale gang war that happened around the place seems to be wrapping up already. The girl quickly brought out her phone to tell everyone about the state of this particular genre.

…They've finally finished it.

Every single concern and loose end for the whole world-affecting scenario had been dealt with.

After that stressful battle with Basa-kun's expy, they monitored and checked everything that needed fixing right after, knowing that their job still might not be done. Everything that was involved in the world-affecting scenario had experienced their story climax in the form of various large scale fights, either in terms of destruction or just the amount of people involved.

Thankfully aside from the few adjustments they did right now, there wasn't much to take care of. Their initial changes helped a lot it seems, stopping a potential cascade from ever happening.

That said, there's still the concern of Basa-kun facing that reality warper alone…

"I hope he's doing okay, at least." she muttered, worriedly.

Even now, she struggles to think how he could even beat someone like her. The only reason they were able to 'defeat' Basa-kun's expy was because he wasn't trying to fight them seriously in the first place. She doubted that it would be the same for the reality warper he was facing.

However, Basa-kun mentioned that he had a plan to deal with it, even if she didn't really know the details. So she was forced to wait, hoping that the man would be fine even while facing someone like that.

"…Stupid Basa-kun."

Yuki grumbled those words, feeling an uncharacteristic frustration bubbling in her chest. Can't he at least try telling them what he plans to do? She understood that it's to prevent his plans from reaching the reality warper in case of mind reading, but surely they could at least have a hint that things would be fine…

She sighed. No, she was being unreasonable.

"I should probably return back to school now." Yuki mumbled to herself.

She opened a portal in front of her and stepped in, arriving directly right into a vacant and tucked away storage room within her school. The lights were turned off, and since the sun had finally set - the only source of illumination was the faint glow of moonlight.

However, Yuki wasn't alone in this dark storage room. Someone was waiting for her.

Her copy smiled as she arrived. "Good evening. I trust that everything has been taken care of?"

Yuki nodded. "Yes, things went… relatively smoothly." she answered, before giving her copy a curious look. "I hope that everything went the same on your end."

For some reason, her copy reddened a bit at that. Yuki blinked, wondering what caused her such a reaction, but instead of saying anything else her copy gave her a smile as she approached.

"I enjoyed the day quite a lot. But you should find out what happened yourself."

With a nod, Yuki then extended her hand and put her palm on her copy's forehead. She closed her eyes, and the copy slowly turned into wisps as she slowly got absorbed into her being. As that happened, the memories of what happened the entire day appeared before her.

Enjoying the interschool event with her club.

Having an exciting adventure with Rias and the others.

Finally getting her first kiss with Basa-kun—

…

Wait, w-w-what…?

Yuki instantly blushed as she recalled what happened, the memories of the past day fresh on her mind from what her soul copy had just shared. She envisioned the specific scene which was, coincidentally, the exact same place she was in right now.

And from there, she recalled in her mind's eye—

It was a sudden thing.

It was after the sports event, following a lively basketball match between Sobu and Kuoh Academy's teams. One that proved entertaining due to a strange set of circumstances that led to some of Sobu's players being unable to play, and forcing the club to look for other players.

And out of all of them, the people who were chosen were Haya-kun, Makato-kun and… Basa-kun. It was a very exciting watch, mostly due to how funny it was for her to see Basa-kun struggling to act normal in the basketball match. And more than that - there were also interesting developments, such as when the two boys in Rias' club ended up joining Kuoh's team as well.

It was fun. But after that, there was a brief period of rest. And at that point, Basa-kun asked her to come with him and they arrived in this very room.

There, he spoke to her.

"I have a feeling that you might be pissed considering you don't know the details of how I'd deal with the reality warper, so I'm going to tell you right now what I'm planning to do."

As the man launched into an explanation - her soul copy blinked, not having any idea of what he was saying. However, for the current her, she had understood the idea. Hypnotize every single person in the setting, make the narrative alter the reality warper's memories, and then escape into a different genre that the reality warper cannot access.

It was a clean plan. She understood the logic. And he even told her all the things that he'd be doing to return to them. Learning all about it was fascinating for her.

However, to her soul copy that had no idea of what was going on - she locked into a particular detail that, in her current state of mind, felt that she was most concerned for.

"Y-You'll be gone for a while…? Why?"

"Because while I could easily go Isekai myself from here, it's a completely different thing to find a method to return to Earth from there. It's going to be much harder to find." he answered her. "I'm sorry to bring it up to you now, but it's the only way for me to escape her."

"T-That's…" she felt confusion, but determination also welled up from within her. "Then let's make use of the time we have now before you'll be gone. Let's go ahead and—"

"That… might not be possible either. The reality warper just broke out of containment. I can't escape her by teleportation, and she's finding out where my other clones are." Basa told her, tone clipped while looking somewhere only he can see. "…I might need to dispel all instances of my clones right now. Sorry."

Yuki felt herself slump in place.

"But… the event, it's still not yet done." she mumbled. "It's just a shame, there's still many things that we can do…"

"I know. But I'll only be gone for a few days." Basa-kun consoled her. "Plus, this isn't the only interschool event, you know? We'll be doing this again but in Rias' school. I'll make it up with you guys during that time, alright?"

"…"

Basa-kun scratched his head after seeing her expression.

"What's with the long face? Is it really that big of a deal…?"

Perhaps it was because her soul copy was just meant to emulate her mundane self. However, Yuki did feel really genuinely sad about the situation that she couldn't understand. It was genuine enough that after muttering those words, for a short moment, Basa-kun turned silent.

And then he let out a resigned sigh.

"…Hey, Yuki. Look at me." he suddenly told her.

Confused, she looked up at him.

Then, Yuki's eyes widened as she felt her chin being guided by Basa-kun's hand, along with the sight of him leaning down towards her. She felt her heart skip when she felt his lips touch his - and for a short and sweet moment, one that almost seemed to last forever in her perspective, they remained just like that.

Basa-kun had given her a kiss.


Spoiler

It was chaste.

Almost childishly pure, even. At least in comparison to what he usually gave to Rias or Aoki-san.

And yet… being on the receiving end of such a thing… It was different.

Then, that short magical moment ended, and Yuki was with an incredibly bright blush on her face. Her heart raced, and she was breathless. And for the life of her, she couldn't find the strength to speak or even form a coherent thought right after.

Yuki watched, wide-eyed, as Basa-kun leaned away from her. Then in a manner that he always seemed to do whenever he expresses affection… he turned his eyes to the side, unable to meet her eyes.

And on his cheeks, a slight dust of red could be seen.

"There. Something you can look forward to next time, so cheer up." he muttered, before turning around and walking away. "…Anyway, I'll get rid of my clones now. I'll leave everything to you guys."

The next moment after that, he disappeared out of nowhere.

Yuki wasn't able to say anything, simply staring at the place he was gone, putting a hand on her lips in shock—

—Yuki opened her eyes, before bringing down her hand from her lips when she realized that she unconsciously did the same motion. And similar to that memory - her blush was intense, her heart beats almost a hundred times a minute, and she was breathless.

T-This is… He… T-They…!

Her mind was thrown for a loop.

But before she could digest everything that happened - she found herself almost jumping in shock when the storage room's door opened with a 'bang!', revealing a familiar person on the other side.

"—Yuki-chan! You're here! I just got done with my own thing as well, there's no problems!" Rias beamed. "I can't wait to go and see what we've done today! We probably had so much fun!"

Then, she paused and looked around.

"…By the way, is Basa-kun around? I tried to find him but I didn't see him in the school. Did he already disappear from wherever he'd go like he said he would?"

"Yes. Yes, he did."

Rias blinked at her answer, and then the redhead seemingly took another and more closer look at her.

"Yuki-chan? What's wrong?"

"N-Nothing." Yuki stuttered, before clearing her throat. "I just found out where Basa-kun had gone, that's all."

"R-Really!? You did!?" Rias cried out, eyes brightening. "Then let's go pick him up! Where is he!?"

"That might be a bit tricky, Rias. After all, that man… he decided to isekai himself to escape. Somehow."

Rias stiffened. "E-Eh? Isekai?" she asked. "…You mean he can just decide to do that?"

"Apparently. And he also explained that the reason why he won't be back for a few days is because it might take a while for him to return home." Yuki paused. "And considering how isekai stories rarely have a person returning back to the modern world, I suppose it's already impressive."

"What the heck!? So the reason why he's gone is because he went on an isekai adventure!?" Rias shouted indignantly. "I thought that he'd be hurt! And that he'd need to recover in a bio-tank or something!"

Yuki sweatdropped. "What is he, a yasai-jin?"

"That guy… seriously, give me back my worry! Or better yet, bring me with you!" Rias continued to grump, before a glint appeared in her eyes. "…You know what? I hope that nothing bad happens to him. I mean there's no way that he could get hurt, is there? He'll probably be—Gweh!"

Yuki sighed, bringing down her hand after chopping Rias' head. "Don't do that. You might delay things by doing that, you know. And in the end it's only you who's losing. Because we're going to do our work without him."

"Mrrmm…! Fine." Rias rubbed the place she hit her, before glancing at her with an unreadable. "…By the way, did you and Basa-kun have sex here or something?"

"W-Wha—!?" Yuki subconsciously raised her hand towards her mouth before stopping midway. "W-We didn't! Where did that even come from!?" she shouted, feeling the heat rush into her face.

"I have a sixth sense for this. I am a demon, after all."

"—What is that supposed to mean!?"

Rias ignored her reasonable question and pointed a finger at her. "I will eventually know what you're keeping from me! Something definitely happened in this storage room based on your reaction, and I will uncover it!"

Yuki's face twitched, before she let out a sigh.

A few days without Basa-kun… This was definitely going to be a stressful thing. They have very big shoes to fill, and if it wasn't for the confidence boost that they had in dealing with his own expy, then Yuki might not have thought that they were ready for this.

Hopefully the flag Rias had raised wouldn't really— Oh, who was she kidding, it probably already went into effect.

"Best of luck to you, Basa-kun…" Yuki muttered under her breath. "You'll probably need it."

Then, a moment later, she found her face heating up a bit as she quietly confessed something. One that was a reply to what he had last stated to her before disappearing entirely.

Yuki smiled, softly.

"…I look forward to continuing things once you get back."





…

…

I, Basa-kun, am in a bit of a pickle.

I have managed to escape Haruhi after a great amount of effort and in the process had dealt with that tricky world-affecting scenario. In theory, things are supposed to be easier after that. But you know how it is with theories and realities.

They mix as well as migraines and brain cancer. Which is to say, not pretty good. Still part of the same system though, with one being a small part of the other.

Anyway, poor simile aside, the moment I managed to escape Haruhi I did some stuff that involved some trickery that might have angered some gods and made myself whole once again. It was as if I hadn't died, and what's more, I went through the gate without being asked for some grand quest or something.

And now, I'm here.

—The Reverse Side of the World.

It is a place that is known to many settings that have magi or spellcasters in them. In academic circles, it is generally agreed upon that it was the place that phantasmal species and the gods retreated to after humanity dominated the Earth.

The reason for it is due to various circumstances, such as the being unable to compete with major religions or the human world not being a sufficiently magical place to live anymore. Science has grown, and the laws of physics have become a major discipline which weakened magic's influence as a whole. And in general, the human world's capacity for magic as humanity transitioned into the modern era.

The place is also a bit different from other realms within the world's texture. It's different from afterlives like heaven or hell, since it's still actually Earth in a sense. It can be more accurately described as a parallel world which mimics humanity when it was still young - when there was no technology and people relied on swords, bows, and armor, and when the belief of magic for everything unexplained was at its peak.

Or in other words, it's literally the generic fantasy setting.

And I had isekai'd myself into one.

Let it be known that Isekais are a pain. If one were to ignore the fact that it's pure slop in anime form, the amount of bullshit that is headed my way now that I'm in one is definitely something that I don't want to deal with.

So, after arriving in the world itself, I went ahead and tried to stay low profile while finding a way back home as quickly as possible. But even then, that didn't seem to work.

Because, as I said, isekais are a pain to deal with.

—Green eyes stared at me.

—I stared back, face blank.

—Elven ears flicked.


Spoiler

"…You're quite interesting." the elf said those words blankly, after approaching me specifically out of every single person in this tavern. "You don't have a single trace of mana around you. Are you hiding it?"

I kept staring at her.

The elf didn't take the hint. "…Do you mind teaching it to me? I'll give you a cool ancient artifact I found."

There was a very short moment that I considered that question.

And it took an even shorter moment to vocalize my answer.

"No."

With that, I looked away and began to eat the food that I ordered, ignoring the pair of eyes that bored intensely at my side as I went on to take my first taste of the local fantasy cuisine. I might as well enjoy it at least, since I know that the peace is not going to last anytime soon.

And what do you know? As it turns out, I was completely right.

Because the next thing I knew I was forced by this elf to join me in their journey.

—Anyway, that was how I met my temporary fantasy party.


The extended focus on other characters seems to have caused some frustration. I guess it's my fault for not making it interesting enough. But at least this arc is finally over, and we'll move onto the next one instead.

If you still think it's worth it despite everything, I have a patreon with 10+ chapters. Also I'll put the people that need to be thanked here later. Thank you for reading.
Spoiler: Patreon
Last edited: Jun 28, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, leks, Semi-Immortal_Cat and 816 others
Skrubchap
Jun 26, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 34 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jul 11, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,586
Before we focus on how Basa meets Frieren, first we see how he actually got there first.


Chapter 34

—Let's roll things back a bit.

Immediately after my soul left my body after I got run over by the Almighty and Iconic Truck-kun, I became conscious.

Perceiving things as a soul was strange. No longer being bound to a physical realm, there was nothing to see, hear or feel. It's like a blind and deaf person who was paralyzed and completely numb to everything - a quadruple handicap that would likely turn people insane.

Because of that, people normally don't 'wake up' while in this form. If they do, they'd probably immediately dissipate, unable to cope with what was happening.

Unless, of course, you're proficient with soul magic like yours truly.

In some settings, the soul is what is used to perceive spiritual/soul energy that fuel most of their attacks and techniques, and in this case I can use it to find out what was happening around me. Due to it, I was able to 'see' things as a soul in a way normal people can't.

And right now, I can tell that I was in the boundary between the Modern World and the Reverse Side of the World.

The Great Veil, or as others would call it - the Textures of the World.

The best way I could describe this place is a film separating mediums. A non-permeable film made of dense ether which nothing can normally go through, except for certain situations where something that could dissolve in it (i.e. souls) can adsorb, diffuse itself through the film, and desorb on the other side.

And right now, we're in the diffusing stage. Normally, souls lose form over time and return to the Root due to inherent conservation laws present in many magic systems, but it doesn't seem to be the case here. It wasn't outright Third Magic where our souls were unable to lose form, but rather the ether surrounding us fueling our existence.

That said, this stage usually takes a long time. In many cases, the soul can actually get trapped in here. Without something to guide it from the other side, it will continue to simply be guided by the waves of dense ether aimlessly, never leaving the barrier separating the two worlds.

And that's where summoning magic comes in. Rather than pierce through the veil which would take astronomical amounts of magical energy, it's more of a guiding current that would make the soul arrive to the other side. Then, once the soul pops out, they'll be given a physical body based on the information recorded in the soul itself and, boom, you got through.

On the modern side of the world, it's one of the many ways to summon a strong creature from the Age of the Gods as a familiar. On the reverse side, it's essentially how the isekai-through-magic thing works.

And right now, I'm riding on a 'current' that was supposed to be targeting another soul. It was the soul of the blonde white knight that died with me. If I let things be, then I'd probably show up in the same summoning circle he was in after being summoned by some random royal family or whatever.

Honestly, I'd rather not let that happen.

—Which is why moments after I woke up, I didn't waste any time and 'propelled' myself out of the current and into the untamed sea of ether. There I was subjected to the turbulent and uncontrolled flows, heading to no direction in particular, for a moment, before heading towards any other current that I can sense.

As I've said before, this place is the texture of the world. I've described it as a film but the truth is that it's far more complicated than that - It's more of a realm on its own, one that's acting as a barrier between many realms. Many, because while it also mainly separates the Modern World and the Reverse Side of the World, it also holds pockets in it that would count as separate realms instead.

As for those separate realms… think of Kur, the Underworld, Valhalla, Hell, Heaven, and all that stuff. In other words - it holds many of the afterlifes found in many of the pantheons. As well as some other realms used in various mythologies as well.

Each of those has their own current guiding them. If a soul passes, then their faith would guide them to their destination. And if I manage to get to any of those realms, then I could probably find a way back to the modern world if that was the case.

Unfortunately, it would take some luck to do that. But it's a chance I'm willing to risk to save myself from the effort of finding a way back home from the Reverse Side of the World.

And what do you know? I just found a different current headed towards another place. I quickly joined the other souls in it and went along with the ride.

My soul traveled across the vast sea of ether, until finally, I found myself arriving into a new realm and—

"Tanaka Takashi-san, welcome to the afterlife." A woman's peaceful voice greeted me. "Unfortunately, you've died. It might have been short, but your life's now… Eh?"

I opened my eyes.


Spoiler

I was seated in a chair, and right in front of me was a being that was definitely divine. I don't really think that they're a god in a capital 'G' sense, but rather the type of divinity that screams 'Minor God' or 'God that's probably forgotten in the modern world'. Powerful, but not really that much in comparison to the known pantheons.

That said - I quickly looked around, and saw that I was in a mystical-looking room. It's nothing special either, just a decorative bounded field probably meant to impress the normal souls that end up here. And right in front of me was… were those flyers?

Yes, they were. They were flyers of what looked like magical items. There's swords, bows, shields, staffs, armor, trinkets - all that stuff and equipment you'd expect from traditional role-playing games. And written below are the descriptions of said magical items which, in layman's terms, are absolutely OP.

I stared at it.

I'm definitely in a realm meant to isekai people, aren't I.

"Who are you supposed to be?" the goddess muttered to herself after seeing me, before taking out what looked like a file beside her. "I don't think the next soul is some yankee. Actually, doesn't the system exclusively target no-life losers in Japan who'd jump at a chance on our isekai racket? What's a person like this doing here…"

What's with this goddess? She sure is blunt.

"—Nope, you're definitely not Takanashi Takana-san." the goddess declared after taking a look at her files. Then, she stood up and pointed at me. "And it looks like you're not in any of the other lists either! Who are you supposed to be? And how did you get here!?"

I didn't answer. Instead, I stood up from my chair and walked forward.

That made the goddess immediately squared her shoulders.

"W-What is this? Why do my godly instincts warn me that I'm facing something dangerous…!" She went into a fighting stance for some reason. "I-I don't know what your deal is, but you better stop or you'll face the wrath of the gods!"

I didn't stop.

"Ooh, you asked for it! Take this, my Divine Create Water!"

High-pressure water hit me directly. It was pretty strong - but after blocking the attack by applying the proper defenses, I was still standing there unharmed. I was completely wet like usual though. Somehow. Despite the fact that I'm still technically a soul right now.

Anyway, the goddess freaked out when she saw me still standing.

"E-Eh!? No damage!? How!?" she shouted in complete shock. "T-That was my strongest divine spell! It would've been enough to kill a demon lord twice over!"

"…"

I stretched out my hand.

"—Eeeek! Forgive me! I'm sorry, I'm just a minor god who knows nothing!" the goddess squealed, quickly backing away from me. "W-What do you want? Do you want divine gifts? I could give you that! I-If you would just let me contact my superiors for it, I—!"

She wasn't able to finish.

And that was because the very next moment, my hand touched a specific wet flyer on the soaked floor, before I dragged something out of thin air as I accessed the magical artifact within. As for what artifact it was - what I chose was probably the most normal and uncreative out of all of them.

The magic sword, Excalibur.

Or one of them at least. And this one is definitely one of the weakest out of every version that I had encountered. It might be useful though, so I kept it in my subspace for now.

"—Eh?"

In any case, the goddess reacted with shock when she realized that I wasn't actually going to hurt her. Then, she blinked when what followed after was a magical circle appearing out of thin air. I stared at it, analyzing the structure in seconds.

Hm… the coding is unfamiliar, but I can recognize enough of the inscriptions to know that this will transport me to the Reverse Side of the World. It was also programmed to appear after I got an artifact. And it seems that it'll reform my physical body as well based on what was recorded on my soul.

Guess there's really no choice but to go there at this point. Although, let me modify where I'll go, since I'd rather not go to their equivalent to a noob town or whatever. Let's see… a scratch here and some writings there, and… Voila. Done.

I turned back to the goddess.

She stared at me from behind her throne.

"…You didn't see me here." I told her.

I could see the gears in this goddess' mind turn when I said that.

Then, when she got what I was saying - she immediately sent me a thumbs up.

"Yes! I definitely didn't see anything!" she shouted, in an agreeable tone that you'd make on unreasonable bosses giving you shit. "Please don't mind me - this minor goddess hadn't witnessed anything out of the ordinary! I'm just waiting for Katakana Tanashi-san after all! Ahaha!"

…Somehow, this goddess lacked any sort of grace compared to the few ones that I've encountered. At least try to remember the dead guy's name properly. It'd be way too pitiful if you didn't.

Well, I guess that's how it is with comedy types. I'm thinking she's going to be an idiot character in whatever story she's involved with.

Wishing my luck to whoever will have to deal with this goddess, I let myself get completely swallowed by the light and get my soul transported to the Reverse Side of the World. The modifications to the magical circle made my destination being the most mana-rich continent, since that's where definitely the good stuff was.

And soon enough, instead of arriving in a small town or whatever - I opened my eyes to the sight of a thick and dense forest. Then I glanced around, taking it all in for a moment.

Unfamiliar trees and plants. Strange cries from unknown animals and insects. And of course - the incredibly dense amount of mana that was present in the air and suffused into everything around, similar to how Earth used to be back in the day during the Age of the Gods.

I was really in a fantasy world, it looks like.

In any case, I suppose I should start finding a way to get out of this place

Wasting no time and using the abundant mana around - I quickly formed clones, reinforced myself and immediately sped through the forest in different directions. Then, I searched for the greatest vantage points in those particular directions, and it came in the form of really big trees that reached skyscrapers in height, and my multiple bodies jumped and ran up its trunk until I reached the trees' highest branches.

There, I reinforced my sight and other senses to see the lay of the land. My clones are positioned in the most efficient manner to cover the most ground. I quickly found myself developing a detailed mental map of this local forest area which probably spanned a thousand square kilometers or so.

I seem to be in a frontier area or something. That said, with this wide area that I covered, there should be at least a village or something I can see… Ahh, hold on, there it is.

From one of my clones, I do see what definitely looks like a village. There's only one problem in it though.


Spoiler

It's definitely involved in some kind of plot.

I teleported to the particular clone that saw the place and dispelled all of them once I did. Then, looking at the village that was definitely under attack - I quickly considered my next moves.

The Reverse Side of the World was a place that I do not have any presence in. And honestly, I've only been in this place one time. But in my short time here before, I learned that unlike the modern world where every setting is more connected due a denser population and the existence of the internet, I could afford to be more lax in my actions here. Especially in remote villages such as that.

And I honestly need info on where to find the nearest city, so the choice on what to do here is obvious… Though it wasn't as if I was going to abandon the place, even with those things to consider.

Guess it's decided.

With that - I grabbed the magical sword out of my subspace, and snapped my fingers. A magic circle materialized in thin air and passed through me, replacing my school uniform with a much more standard fantasy outfit. Just like that, I looked like I completely belonged in the setting.

And as a final touch, I swept my hair to the side.

—Alright. Time to play hero.


"Ha… ha… ha…!"

Within the burning village, a lone girl ran as fast as she could.

The high pitched shrieks of the monsters that attacked their home echoed as they chased her from behind. She didn't dare to look back, focusing to get herself as far as possible from her home, keeping the attention of all the monsters trailing behind her.

All for the sake of her younger brother.

That boy should've managed to escape right now. She knew he moved fast whenever they played tag. Hopefully, it would be enough to evade the monster's attention and he would be able to catch up with the rest of the evacuated people in that merchant's caravan.

As for her… she probably wouldn't be able to join them, nevermind find the opportunity to.

Not with these things on her trail. And certainly not with this much following her.

"Kikikiii—!"

"Aaahh—!"

She felt something pierce the back of her leg. The lone girl let out a cry of pain, before losing balance and falling down to the ground. A pained glance behind her revealed that the monsters had thrown one of their wooden spears, and it managed to nick her leg.

The girl quickly tried to pull herself up desperately. But at that point, it was too late.

The monsters caught up with her.


Spoiler

Goblins. Her village was suddenly attacked by goblins. They were smaller creatures, but they're strong for their size and were very ferocious. She'd seen their village guards get mauled, stabbed, and beaten to death by these goblins, especially considering there were a lot of them.

And what's more, the things she'd seen them do to the other girls…

The girl shook and she tried to desperately crawl away.

"N-No! Stay back!" she shrieked.

"Kekekeke!"

The goblins just let out a sadistic chuckle at her desperation. It was a very evil sound that shook her to her core, and her breath hitched when the goblins quickly moved to restrain her. She tried to kick them away and get herself free from their grip, but they were deceptively strong and were too many.

"No! Noooo!"

The girl was quickly overwhelmed. Soon, the goblins used their sharp claws to hack her clothes off, and some of them reached her skin and drew blood. She tried to desperately fight back but couldn't do anything, and she could only tear up from fear and pain as she grimly understood her fate.

She was going to get raped by these things. She'd seen the state the other girls in her village were reduced to when she ran. They were kept alive, but she knew what that meant for them.

And now… she was going to join them as well.

Tears fell on her face. She was getting exhausted and her voice was turning hoarse. Some of the goblins had removed their loinclothes and started grabbing her flesh, preparing for what is to come. They laughed and cackled malevolently while enjoying the clear despair on her face.

The girl shut her eyes.

"P-Please…" she begged, desperately. "Please, someone save me…!"

…

…

—The sound of something piercing flesh reached her ears.

The girl stiffened. Strangely however, she didn't feel any pain. Instead, what she felt was warm liquid splashing on her body. The pungent smell of it immediately reached her nose, and she quickly opened her eyes to see what had caused it.

She was face-to-face with the face of a goblin. Her breath hitched, thinking that it was about to bite her face off - but the idea quickly left her mind when the girl watched its body separate into two pieces. Monster blood pooled beside her as the goblin fell down to the ground, dead.

And so did the rest of the goblins gathered around her. They were all cut, completely bisected in half and letting out dying gurgles as their blood splattered wildly. The girl witnessed all of it with wide eyes.

However, beyond the death of those monsters - most of her attention was on what stood right in front of her.

A swordsman with an ornate-looking blade.


Spoiler

There was a short moment when their eyes met. Something unreadable passed through his eyes as he seemingly observed her state, before looking down at the goblins around her, his gaze analyzing the monsters with cold intensity.

"Shaaaa—!"

"Kyiiiieh—!"

Then that moment passed when the shrieks and cries of more goblins appeared. The girl caught the glimpse of other goblins moving towards him from behind, but before she could open her mouth and shout to warn him - the man quickly moved.

"Kekeke—krgh!?"

Without looking, he grabbed the goblin moving in to stab him and choked it while midair. Its cries died as its windpipe was squeezed. Following that, in one smooth movement, he turned and killed the others that joined it in a single slash, killing them instantly.

The goblin that he grabbed struggled uselessly, but no matter how much it clawed or tried to pry off the man's hand, it didn't work. She watched as the goblin's face started to turn purple as the man's grip turned tighter and tighter… but then, he did something that made her confused.

He let go of the goblin, letting it fall to the ground. It quickly tried to get away from him, but the man stomped on the little monster's legs which made it crack audibly. The goblin let out a cry of pain at that, before letting out a different shout that made her skin crawl.

"████—!"

The roar travelled around the burning village. Something about it was eerie, sounding far more disturbing than the sadistic laughter they make in the face of suffering.

And the reason why made itself known a second later.

Suddenly, cries and roars mirrored the goblin's shout, and the girl saw that all the other goblins that had attacked their village had all appeared in view. They ran out of the homes whose inhabitants that they murdered, looted and raped - all to face this new enemy.

And faced with the entirety of the monsters that terrorized her home, the girl stiffened once more in fear.

T-There's too many…!

There were probably hundreds of those goblins. Seeing them all gathered like this made her feel despair. The man in front of her had saved her - but in the face of all these monsters, there was no way that he'd be able to live. Not when he's facing this much.

They were going to die.

However, instead of faltering at that fearful sight like she did… the girl watched the man simply turn to those monsters, crushing the head of the dying goblin with this boot, and hefting his sword testingly as he did so.

She thought he was insane. The girl's eyes widened, about to shout at him again to stop the man… but as it turns out, she was the one in the wrong.

—Because what followed was nothing short of a bloodbath.

The girl witnessed the swordsman's back as he fearlessly charged, meeting the hundreds of goblins about to attack him. Then, she saw the gruesome sight of the monsters dying at each swing of his sword. She also watched the way he wielded the blade in a way that made her unable to take her sight off him, even if she didn't know much about swordsmanship.

Limbs, organs and other body parts were sent flying as the man ran through the crowd of goblins. Blood flowed through arcs across the air, painting the ground and grass red. Dying cries and screams of the goblins echoed across the forest as they were all cut down mercilessly.

It was like watching an extermination.

And the goblins were clearly aware of it after the first few seconds. The confidence that was present in their hideous faces quickly crumbled when half of them got killed in such a short span of time, and they all quickly started running away.

The swordsman didn't let them escape. He threw his sword at the farthest goblin, which made the rest stop when they saw its corpse. Then in a blink - she saw the man pick the sword up, somehow managing to cross that distance in an instant.

The killing continued right after. The man clearly had no intention of letting any of the goblins escape, wanting to completely kill all that was in her village. Screams of dying goblins echoed, slowly quieting when their numbers thinned out.

Until… there was only one.

She noticed that one of the goblins near her had played dead. It twitched amongst the dead bodies that surrounded it, before trying to sneak away. Somehow the swordsman noticed that it was still alive however, and he turned around to pin the goblin with a cold gaze.

"Kiih—!?"

It stiffened in place, before slowly turning to his direction. The swordsman walked towards it, holding his blood-stained blade right beside him.

However, there was no depth to which those evil beings wouldn't stoop to. So seeing as there was no way for it to survive through direct combat - it chose to do something else instead.

"A-Aaahh! Nooo—!"

It immediately ran near one of the houses. And in an instant, the goblin dragged out a screaming girl from inside, grabbing them by the hair and putting its knife right against her throat.

She stiffened. That girl was one of her friends that she knew ever since she was a kid. She was still unharmed, likely after she hid herself out of harm's way. However, it looks like she was spotted somehow.

Now she's being used as a way to threaten the swordsman.

And it was effective. The swordsman stopped in his tracks.

"Kekeke—!"

"L-Let me go!"

The goblin clearly enjoyed the way it gained power in the situation. It started laughing shrilly, before shouting in its crude goblin language while waving its knife, wildly gesturing for the swordsman to stay away while dragging her friend with her who was shaking in fear.

Even if she didn't understand, she knew what it was trying to say.

—Don't move a single inch, or else the girl will be killed.

She grit her teeth, clenching her fists as she did so. Even now these goblins show how despicable they are. These goblins… they're pure evil. They destroyed their village, killed plenty and ruined just as many as well - and now it's trying to do something like this?

Intense anger and hatred coursed through her, all along with the grief of the people they'd lost. But in the end, all she could do was curse uselessly. Without the strength to back it up, all they could do was to stay helpless as the goblins trampled on them.

And so, she could only glare at the goblin keeping her friend at knifepoint. But as she did so… she felt the gaze of someone. She turned away for a moment, wondering where that feeling was from.

As it turns out, it was the swordsman. The man glanced at her quietly, then looked down somewhere beside her. The girl went ahead and followed his gaze.

There, she saw one of the dead goblin's weapons. A small sword.

The goblin's attention was solely focused on the swordsman, to the point that it had completely forgotten her presence altogether. What's more, as it tried to get itself away while dragging her friend - its back was completely exposed right in front of her.

She immediately knew what to do.

The girl grit her teeth, grabbed the sword and ran towards the goblin. She ignored the pain from her leg wound and instead zeroed in on the goblin's neck, bringing the blade down into its flesh as strong as she could.

"Haaa—!"

"Graaaarkgh—!?"

It screamed shrilly in pain, quickly dropping her friend. It was a fatal hit that will definitely kill the goblin.

But she wasn't done yet. Screaming hoarsely, she jumped right on top of its back and pushed down on the ground. And with both hands, she continued to stab the sword at it as much as she could.

"Bastards! Demons! Die! Die! Die—!"

It already stopped shrieking in pain, but she kept stabbing.

It no longer struggled against her, but she kept stabbing.

The goblin's blood pooled and its brains started oozing out, but she still kept stabbing.

She stabbed, and stabbed and stabbed - and she continued to do so, until she let out all pain, anger and hatred to these evil monsters that had brought ruin in their village. She continued stabbing, letting out angry tears as she did, as if everything would be fixed if she did.

But there was no fixing things, she knew.

However, at some point, a hand suddenly stopped her when she raised the sword up high once more. She paused before her head slowly turned to the side. There she saw the swordsman standing, his face as unreadable as always.

Then, he knelt down and extended his arm right at her leg wound. She stiffened for a moment, before her eyes widened at a sudden green glow that appeared in his hands. She felt her wound turn numb, and she watched as her fletch started knitting itself back up right in front of her eyes. And after that, he started to heal the other wounds in her body as well.

Healing magic…?

"You did well saving that girl." the swordsman suddenly told her, glancing slightly at her friend who was still shaking while staring at the goblin's corpse. "…But you can stop now. There's a time for mourning later. For now, we should help those who are in need."

His words made her stop.

…The swordsman was right. Even if things were already reduced to this state, there should be others who are still here. People who still live and are probably in need of medical attention, considering what the goblins all did to them.

"Help me gather the wounded." he said, standing up once more. He also removed his cloak and put it over her shoulder, covering her bare form after the goblins ripped her clothes off. "I'll heal them. We need to hurry, since some of them might need it urgently."

The girl gripped the goblin's sword on her hands, determination filling her once more.

She couldn't afford to stew in her hatred for now. There were still things to do.

With that, the girl wiped her tears off her eyes and nodded.

"…Yes!"


I stared at the survivors of the goblin attack.

With the help of the girl I saved and her friend, we managed to gather all the people who managed to live through the whole ordeal.

Out of probably a hundred or so that lived in this village there's only around forty people left. Just over half of the original inhabitants had survived, and honestly, if it weren't for my healing magic then there's probably going to be less of them.

From what I gather, most of the people that were killed were the people who defended the village during the start of the attack itself. And I've also heard that the women and children were evacuated using a merchant's caravan. So tallying the amount of corpses that I saw, it seems that the majority of the village might have survived.

Definitely good news. However, even if that was the case - it sure doesn't feel like it.

I glanced at the direction of the women who were unfortunately assaulted by those goblins. They were still alive, and I managed to heal their wounds - but their minds are a different matter entirely. Their bodies were wrapped in thick robes that they clutched into desperately while the other, more fortunate women took care of them.

When I spotted the village, I arrived here as fast as I could and completely dealt with it in like a minute or so. I could've probably sped it up or something, but the fact is that by the time I got dropped in the Reverse Side itself, this village was already under attack. Even if I got here a bit earlier their fates likely wouldn't change.

After all, this village was very likely involved in a story with a seinen genre.

There are many types of goblins in this world, but those that act like this in particular belong either in adult or seinen genres. And considering the amount of gore involved, it's very likely that this village belonged in the latter. The genre is all about mature themes and shock value, after all - so how else can they do it aside from the cliché development of monsters slaughtering people and assaulting women?

Even in a literal parallel world, this stupid world just doesn't stop with its bullshit.

However, with my intervention at least, those girls would live to have a better fate than what they're originally going to have. And hopefully, they'll manage to recover as well. As for the deceased… Well, it's literally the Age of the Gods, so hopefully they're having fun in the afterlife.

But I digress.

Moving on from that sobering topic, I don't know if this village was meant to be a background casualty or an actual important place in whatever story it belonged in… Although it shouldn't really matter. As I said earlier, I can afford to be lax when it comes to interfering in this world. With everything more isolated things won't easily get out of control.

But considering I also lack much presence here, I actually don't have much info about the settings here aside from the major ones happening. And sometimes, it could prove troublesome.

"To think that there is someone out in the world with such strength along with healing magic… Could it be, sir, that you are a hero?"

—Like for example, right now.

I turned to the side.

It was one of the survivors: an old man who I've healed earlier, one who was stabbed by the goblins in his own home. Apparently, like the others here, he decided to be left behind so that others can evacuate instead since there's not enough space in the caravan. Although that sentiment was useless when the goblins defeated the guards before everyone could fully go in and the caravan had to quickly leave.

He was barely breathing by the time we found him, but that was enough for me to bring him back. Right now it looks like he's not even injured at all, though he does have difficulty walking. Apparently that was present even before he was stabbed.

Also, accompanying him was the girl who I saved earlier, who assisted him as he walked towards me. She stood right beside the old man, her face still stuck in that determined expression after I snapped her out of her daze a while ago.

I stared at both of them, before answering the old man's question.

"…Not really. Just an adventurer who picked up some tricks in his sleeves." I replied, noting that their setting must not have that many powerful people. "Is everything fine? No problems after the healing, I hope?"

He shook his head. "No, there are no problems. I just want to say that we are extremely grateful for your help, sir." the old man replied. "As the chief of this village, it falls to me to reward the one who saved us, but considering the state of the village now…"

"You don't need to worry about that." I denied. "More importantly, do you mind answering a few questions?"

Perhaps thinking that he could repay me this way, he straightened himself as best as his aged body could. "I would gladly answer any of it. What is it that you want to ask?"

I paused for a moment, deciding to go for it in an indirect route. "What are you all going to do now?" I asked him, looking at the survivors. "There's no way you can stay in your village at this point."

The old man's eyes darkened. "…Yes, you are correct. Everything was destroyed by the goblins." he answered. "The best that I could think of is to head to the nearest city and reunite with our loved ones. It would be hard to catch up, since they left a while ago and we're on foot. With our village gone… our greatest hope for our future is in that place."

As expected, they knew where the nearest city was.

"And you know the directions to this city? Apologies, but I'm unfamiliar with this place."

My question clearly confused the old man with its implications. "Y-Yes." he answered, before asking his own question. "If I may ask, did you perhaps arrive here from the Größe Forest? Are you an adventurer from the south?"

"No." I denied as an idea started cooking up in my mind. "Believe it or not, I actually arrived here from a dungeon. There's a teleportation magical circle inscribed in one of the rooms and I got here by accident. And when I went out, I saw smoke coming out of your village and checked out what was happening."

"T-Teleportation? A-And what's more, a dungeon?" the old man repeated in shock. "There is something like that near our village…!?"

No, actually. I was just talking out of my ass.

However, with a simple clone I made just now that instantly turned invisible, I could easily make something like it in a few minutes. It went into the woods to do just that, and now I can spin whatever bullshit that I want to make our lives easier.

"Yes, you're quite lucky. In fact, I believe the teleportation magic circle can still be used one time. I determined that the way to use it would be to simply imagine the destination." I continued telling him. "I can guide you there so that all of you can be teleported right to the city. That way you don't have to risk yourselves travelling there on foot. If you could gather all the things you need to bring, we can head there."

The old man brightened. "T-That's… that's very good news!" he marveled, seemingly moved to tears. "I will tell this to the others! We'll be right back as fast as we can!"

With that, the old man hobbled right towards the rest of the survivors. As he did so, I was left alone with the girl who I saved earlier. I turned to her.


Spoiler

"What is it?" I asked.

The girl looked down and struggled to speak for a moment. I waited for her patiently.

"Thank you." she eventually whispered. "Thank you so much for saving me and the others. I-I know that we can't repay you right now, but…"

"…Don't sweat too much about it." I replied.

The girl didn't say anything after that, but I saw the way she looked at my blade. That's a flag for a future meeting if I ever saw one - if she's some sort of major character, that is. And I guess she's going to be studying the blade in the future as well.

If she's a character that's supposed to die then I might have influenced the direction of the story already. But then again, it shouldn't affect the big picture that much. The story would just have to adjust to my actions, just like it always does.

In any case, their preparation to depart didn't take that long. There wasn't much to bring since most of their stuff was destroyed, burned, or taken away during the evacuation. The girls who got their clothes ripped off also put on a new set of clothes so they could look more presentable.

…The girl I rescued was still wearing my robes though, despite the fact that she's already wearing proper clothes. But whatever, I guess. It's kinda awkward if I ask to take it from her.

—And with that done, I went ahead and guided the villagers to the 'dungeon' which was hidden in the woods.

It's made in a rush using shitty transmutation magecraft but I think it's good enough. It's literally just a single long hallway with some decorative stuff here and there, but it looks dungeony enough to fool literally anyone. And it's not like the genre divide is going to allow these guys to spot that it's fake anyway.

"S-So this is where you arrived, sir?" the old man asked while looking around cautiously in the dungeon.

I nodded my head. "Yeah. Don't worry, it's not an actual dungeon. More like an entrance to it." I bullshitted again. Then I stopped when we reached the end of it, entering a large room. "Here. This is the teleportation magic circle. Everyone, please stay inside it."

The circle was big enough to fit all the survivors. Though, it's not like it matters. It's a fake after all.

I grabbed the old man's shoulder, making him turn to me in confusion. Then I spoke.

"I'll activate the magic circle while you think of the city you want to go to. Or rather, perhaps the land around it. It might be troublesome if we teleported in the middle of a crowded area, after all." I told him, making the old man nod. "Now, whenever you're ready."

I made the circle glow. The survivors around us looked at it in surprise and fascination, their earlier tragedy momentarily forgotten at this moment of wonder. And seeing what was happening, the old man closed his eyes, focusing on the memories of the city.

Now to do some mind-reading magic… There, I got the coordinates. As well as a mental map of the entire continent, it seems. Huh, this old man is actually well-traveled and knows a lot of stuff. Let me put that to good use, sir.

Anyway, there's no time to waste. I casted a long-range teleportation spell to everyone, and after a moment of bright light or so the dungeon was replaced with the view of grassy hills and a fantasy city.


Spoiler

"I-It's the city!" the old man shouted in shock, a sentiment that was mirrored by the other villagers. "I can't believe it…! We've really teleported!"

"Yeah." I said, before turning to them. "Now, let's get you all there."

Getting to the city itself was easy enough. There's no checkpoints or anything, and we literally just walked in like in any other place. That said, there's guards around, though the village chief looks acquainted with some of the people there. He talked with some of them before going back to me.

"I once again thank you very much for your help, esteemed adventurer." the village chief said to me with complete gratitude. "Now we can wait for our families to arrive here. If it weren't for you, then we…"

I scratched the back of my head. "I'm telling you, it's fine. More importantly, are you guys gonna do okay here? You don't have any place to stay here, do you?"

"I am touched that you are still worried about us, but there is no need for concern. I have a friend that owes me a favor who can allow us to have some temporary lodging. We can make do on our own for a while."

Well, that's good. And from what I heard how the conversation went, it seems that their plot isn't the type where every single person in this medieval fantasy is out to get them. Looks like the seinen bleeds through only in the monsters itself.

Anyway, I guess that concludes my business here. "I see. Then I wish the best of luck to all of you."

The old man bowed to me again. Seriously, there's no need to do that.

He then returned to the other villagers who were watching me. They also gave me bows of gratitude, though one of them opted to do something else instead.

The girl I saved earlier approached me before bowing at me like the others. She did it deeper than them though, going for a full 90 degree angle like the Japanese do despite the fact that we're literally in a different world.

"Thank you so much for saving us!" she shouted, again. "I promise… I promise that I will pay you back!"

I stared at her.

"Okay." I answered.

The girl looked somehow determined from my noncommittal reply, before turning around and joining the rest of the other villagers. And sending me a final wave - they walked following their village chief, going in the direction of whatever place they'll stay in.

I stared at them as they left. And as that happened, I can't help but consider what just happened.

How in the hell can she pay me back if not once did she even ask what my name was? Seriously, I was prepared to answer with a really cool name too. But somehow it's not even brought up once. And at some point, it just feels awkward bringing it up.

…Also give me back my robe, dammit.

Did I get scammed? Is this what it is, just an elaborate scam to take someone's robes? Or was it something unique in their setting? Or was everybody involved still a bit too shocked of what happened for them to think clearly?

Looking at their direction blankly, I let out a breath and turned around myself.

Well, whatever. I'm a bit hungry right now, so I should probably find a tavern or something.

I think I deserve a bit of time to sit down and enjoy a meal after that thing with Haruhi.


—And now I've ended up in this situation.


Spoiler

"By no, do you perhaps mean that you find that payment insufficient? Hm, I suppose a random dungeon artifact wouldn't be enough of a reward…"

I don't know if the goddess I encountered before cursed me or something, or if someone triggered a flag statement (likely Rias), or maybe it's just plain 'ol bad luck - but for some reason, I gained the attention of someone who was definitely troublesome.

An elf.

And what's more, a strong elf.

"Then, what about money? Are you interested in being paid? …No?"

Elves are known as powerful creatures. Back home, they're considered as fairies or some type of elemental with a connection to the world itself. However, that was only because they managed to remain in the Modern World despite it already being the Age of Man. Those that had retreated to the Reverse Side or were native in it are pretty different from those beings.

These guys are the ones that one might expect when reading isekai slop. Knife-eared, fae-like beauty, and a pretty long lifespan to boot. And what's more, they usually fight as mages, archers, or rangers. If one were to be isekai'd it's almost a requirement to have an elf waifu - otherwise, the precious slop will no longer be slop.

That said, while this elf certainly wore clothing that are eye-striking enough to be a part of the main cast - I doubt she's actually a 'waifu' in whatever plot she's involved in. In fact, I don't think this elf will participate in any sort of relationship at all.

"…? Is there something wrong?" the elf asked, before following my gaze and looked down at herself.

For a few seconds, there was only silence - then shortly afterwards she spoke once more, but this time with a tone as if she had just understood something.

"Ah, I see. So that's the payment that you want, huh?" the elf stated. She then considered for a short moment, before nodding. "…Very well, if that is what you prefer, then as payment you can have my body—"

What.

"—Frieren-sama, what exactly are you saying?" Suddenly and thankfully, a voice interrupted the elf in the form of a girl from a nearby table. She stood up from her seat and grabbed the elf's arm. "What are you trying to say after suddenly approaching this shady person? Have you gone out of your mind?"

Hey, did she just call me shady?

I glanced at the other troublesome person, assessing who exactly I was dealing with.


Spoiler

It was a purple-haired human girl, around the age of a first-year highschooler. And like the people in my school, she was staring at me with the same suspicious eyes when meeting someone that looks like a delinquent. Even now, despite the fact that I was in a literal fantasy world it seems that the same reputation follows me.

That said, I was the victim here. And I will not take such slanderous slander lightly.

"I'm not a shady person. Nor am I willing to accept any payment." I stated, making them pause. "When I said no earlier, I clearly meant that I refuse your request. Now leave me alone and let me enjoy eating in peace. Shoo."

The purple-haired girl's brow twitched at my suitably rude gesture of waving them away like dogs, but she seemingly decided that it's not worth arguing about. She then turned to the elf with a frown.

"You heard him, Frieren-sama. The shady man doesn't want anything to do with you." Oi, did she just call me shady again? "Let's go back to our table and order some food. Come on, we can order some dessert for today—"

"No. Don't you see it, Fern? Look at his mana."

The girl stopped at the elf's interjection. "What do you…?" she frowned, before turning to me. I could see her eyes analyzing me intensely, and then… "H-Huh? But that is…!"

I frowned as her eyes widened, seemingly discovering something strange about me. What is it? What the hell do they find so shocking about me? I'm not doing anything particularly special, I'm pretty sure.

Hold on a second, that elf mentioned having not a single trace of mana around me. What the hell is that supposed to mean? Is she saying that it's normal for people to let out mana or something? Actually - wait, maybe that really is the case.

Compared to all of the people here in the Reverse Side, the internal mana my body generates is actually pretty miniscule. I cheat using other systems and use magical energy from other sources to conduct my spells. And perhaps what was the most important detail of all - I actually suppress my mana into nothingness since that's pretty much needed to blend in with mundane people back home.

But that's not the same here. Since it's still the Age of the Gods, a mundane person with no talent for magic still generates plenty of mana inside them. That makes me an outlier, so if I want to match what the normal mana level was…

I glanced at some of the people on the side, before adjusting my mana suppression to the normal level.

The girl stiffened while the elf blinked.

"Ah. He changed it." the elf muttered.

"I didn't." I instantly denied. "You're just imagining things. I mean, are you sure that it's not just your senses failing you or something, old hag?"

"There's no way I imagined that, especially considering both me and my student saw what happened. You somehow have expert control of your mana. One that surpasses me, even." she stated, before frowning. "…Also, old hag? How rude."

"What's rude is that you keep trying to bother me when I clearly stated that I don't want to be bothered. So try not to be a hypocrite, will you? Just leave me and my succulent meal alone."

"Unfortunately, I'll have to pass on that. After all, I'm an old hag that's as stubborn as a mule and can't hear your words. That's what you claimed I am, right?"

"—I don't remember adding the rest of those things."

"—Is that so? I apologize then."

A moment of intense silence followed.

I stared at her, and she met it head on.

This elf… she definitely isn't going to back down no matter what words I say to her. I don't know what sort of story she's involved in, but I actually really can't be bothered to deal with it now. Which means there's only one option that will allow me to deal with this nuisance.

I turned to my plate and started eating, ignoring her existence entirely.

"Frieren-sama…" I heard the girl beside her mutter.

A pause, followed by a sigh. "There's no choice. Buckle up, Fern. I didn't really want to do this, but…"

I heard the chair right next to me scrape on the floorboards. Unable to hold the urge, I glanced to the side to see that the elf had sat down right next to me at the counter top. As her clearly hesitant apprentice followed beside her, she then called out to the barkeep.

"Excuse me, we'd like to have what he's having." she said, pointing at me. "Oh, and two glasses of milk as well. If you have some."

"—Coming right up! Just wait for a bit."

I frowned at her as the barkeep moved to prepare their orders. "The hell are you doing?"

"And here I thought that you're going to ignore me?" the elf asked, before shaking her head. "Well, since you're clearly acting stubborn - I just decided to take a page from someone I've been in a party with in the past. He's really good when it comes to convincing people, you see."

"Uh huh." I said blankly. "And surely that doesn't involve harassing me while I eat, does it?"

The elf smirked at that. "Hmph. Of course not. Something like that won't work."

It's good that she knew that. However, I was familiar enough with this development to know the comedic shenanigans coming my way, one that will definitely involve my misfortune in one way or another.

And I was proven right the next moment she opened her mouth.

"—I just need to bother you every single moment of the day, that's all."

…

…

I stared at the elf with a deadpan gaze.

Yeah, this is definitely gonna be a pain.



I have now graduated, so that's cool. Also - I have a patreon which offers 10 advanced chapters. If you somehow like my stories enough to pay for it, I hope you check it out.
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, Lucky_plucky_ducky, leks and 826 others
Skrubchap
Jul 11, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 35 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Jul 26, 2026
Add bookmark
#3,660
Chapter 35

"—Potatoes! Tomatoes! We've got a new batch of fresh produce here!"

"—Hey, mister, are you interested in some medicinal herbs?"

"—That's a hundred copper coins! Pleasure doing business with you."

I was in a very busy place.

Countless footsteps hitting cobblestone, the trotting of horses and the creaking of their wagons, the constant voices of people calling out and haggling with one another. It was very noisy, but the reason why is understandable once one realizes where exactly I was.

I was exploring the city's equivalent of a local market district.


Spoiler

Being the main place of commerce in the city, all I could see around are shops, stalls and tents that offer goods and services. Wagons and caravans pulled horses or other creatures were also a common sight. And there were also plenty of people around, comparable to a busy side walk during the rush hour in a city downtown.

It was a sight I've seen a hundred times at least, both personally and in isekai slop shown on TV. That said, for the personal part, this place was definitely bigger than the ones I encountered the last time I visited the Reverse Side of the World. It's likely due to the fact that the city was bigger overall than those that I saw previously, or perhaps it's because of the passage of time or something.

Lots of progress can be made in years after all, especially in a world where humanity is known for its innovations.

This place was really nice though. I could see a bunch of objects and trinkets that caught my eyes ever since I came here. Not to mention materials so incredibly rare in the Modern World that seem to be in abundance in this world that they're commonly sold in markets.

I'm definitely making use of this trip to check everything out and get all the rare stuff I could find.

That said, I couldn't really fully appreciate everything right now… and that was because of certain unwelcome presences who seemingly decided to join me on my venture here.

"You're looking to buy something?"

The elf walking beside me asked that casually, as if we were friends and not a harasser and their harassee. And trailing slightly behind her, thankfully staying quiet throughout it all, was the purple-haired girl who was clearly this elf's apprentice.

They've been following me ever since I left the tavern and some parts of the city. For the most part, I've thought about ignoring them and losing them since I don't really want to get involved in a story's plot right now. However, no matter how much stealth or magic I used to escape, they were somehow able to find me somewhere in the city.

It's clear that the plot treated my escape attempts as a comedy routine or something. Although, this elf probably has some sort of way of identifying where I am as well. I'm pretty sure I could feel the traces of nature magic in her staff there.

"You're quite slippery to find. I wonder what spell you're using to prevent yourself from being tracked." the elf commented, before turning to the side. "Anyway, as you can see Fern, tracking spells aren't foolproof. Sometimes people find ways to counteract it, and you have to be creative in finding them instead."

Her apprentice nodded. "I understand."

…Was this elf using me as a way to conduct lessons? Seriously?

Whatever. At this point no matter how much I try to escape these two, they'd still be finding me. Anything short of leaving the city itself would probably result in that conclusion. And I don't really want to leave the city now, considering I want to find clues on how to get back home and this is the biggest city in this part of the continent.

Also, I have no idea where the other cities are. That old man from before provided me with a mental map, but it's just that. A map. I'm going to have to actually explore and locate a city since I don't have the coordinates to go there.

No choice then… Looks like I just have to get myself involved with these two. What a pain.

"So, what are you going to buy here?" the elf asked curiously. "Are you looking for something specific?"

I glanced at her, before looking forward again.

"Nunya." I answered.

The elf tilted her head. "Nunya…? I'm not familiar with something like that. Is that a new thing?" she turned to her apprentice. "Fern, are you familiar with something like that?"

Said apprentice was looking at me like trash. "Frieren-sama. Don't fall for it. He's just messing around with you with stupid playground jokes—"

"Nunya business."

The elf blinked. "Nunya business…? Oh, I understand it now. A play of words on 'none of your business'." she nodded with a slight smile. "I see, that's a pretty clever one. I'll make sure to use that sometime."

What's with that reaction.

"And you said that it's a playground joke, Fern? It's amazing that human kids can think of something like that. You have to teach me those things some time."

"Frieren-sama…" her apprentice muttered in exasperation, before letting out a sigh. "I'm not teaching you those things. Only childish people get to find some use for it."

"—Hey, you calling me childish?" I asked.

"I said nothing of the sort. Perhaps you just didn't hear it properly?" the girl denied, blank-faced much like the elf.

This girl… she's really jabbing at me indirectly, completely opposite to her mentor's straightforward harassment. Seriously, what the hell is this? What are they even trying to accomplish by doing this?

You know what, they can do whatever they want. I'll just humor them and focus on finding things that are interesting in this market. With that, I approached one of the stalls that caught my eye to check out their inventory, with the two following me as I did so.

"Welcome, welcome! Have a look!" the shopkeeper greeted.

"An herb shop?" the elf commented as she looked around. "Interesting. Are you planning to make a potion?"

I picked out most of the mana-rich herbs I could find. I could probably farm all of this with the right conditions and use it as alchemical material. The potions that I actually use also involve the use of similar plants, but from what I could tell, these ones would improve them more.

In any case, I chose the good quality ones. Then I went to pay the shopkeeper.

"That'll be ten silver, sir."

That seems like a fair price. I put a hand in my pocket and discreetly glanced at his drawer on the side, where I knew where he kept his money. Let's see… structural analysis, take out silver inside my subspace, and transmutation magic. There, silver coins ready to go.

I took out the coins in my pocket and gave it to the shopkeeper. This many coins shouldn't crash the economy. Or other coins that I'll make from now on, for that matter.

As I turned around and left the tent, the elf spoke while she and her apprentice followed once more.

"You just did something, though I don't know what." the elf commented casually, before tilting her head. "…By the way, are you sure you don't need that in a bag? You still plan on shopping some more, right?"

"It's fine." I answered, before 'folding' the herbs and 'putting' them in my pocket.

The elf blinked. So did her apprentice.

"…Frieren-sama, what did he just do?" the purple-haired girl asked, surprised. "Did he just fold those herbs to put them in his pocket? That shouldn't be possible."

The elf nodded. "You did. And I doubt he really did fold it. It's impossible for that amount of herbs to fit in his pocket… He must have used some sort of spatial magic. I've never seen it applied like that, though. And with so little mana being used."

No, I actually didn't even use mana. I was using subspace technology. But it's not like they'll ever know that.

In any case, I continued shopping, not really paying attention to them at this point.

Being a big city, this market has surprisingly a lot of things being sold. I've checked stalls and stores that sell unique trinkets, some of which have interesting effects and properties. A passing merchant caravan who were from the Northern lands apparently offered a bunch of unique materials such as dragon scales and phoenix feathers. All of which I've obtained, considering their potential to be used for material or catalysts.

I also brought some stuff as souvenirs. Like a book that covers the entire magical history of the continent, a ring that makes you sparkle when you put magical energy in it, and a preserved beautiful glowing flower in a jar. That, and many more.

There's even fantasy animals being sold here. One of them caught my attention for looking kinda cute. It looks like a chick that'd grow up to be a chicken, but it's apparently one of the two-legged birds being used to pull wagons like a domesticated ostrich. As of now though, it's more of a big ball of feathers that the others would likely find cute.


Spoiler

I bought the thing and folded it.

"Wha—!?" the elf's apprentice and the merchant I was talking to shouted in shock.

As I left the store after doing that, the elf explained what was going on to her apprentice and the merchant. She was right, but the actual explanation was very different due to the genre divide. Afterwards, the two went on to follow me again.

The purple-haired girl won't stop giving me peeved looks though. The hell is this girl upset about? It's your fault for assuming things, you nincompoop.

Moving on - while souvenirs are pretty nice, it's not the only reason why I was here. The reason why I'm mainly in this market was to look for things that I could potentially use to go on. Finding that was tricky though, but I had the help of some surface mind-reading and questioning techniques.

And also, the wisdom of an experienced adventurer apparently.

"If you're looking for the good stuff, then you're better off heading deeper into the city rather than checking the stores out in the open."

The elf said those words after I questioned a merchant that I purchased some knickknacks from. She then pointed to the road at the side, one that seems to head away from the market itself.

"I actually found a good place earlier when I was out exploring. It's a shop full of magical artifacts owned by a mage." she added, before tilting her head. "So? Are you interested?"

I stared at her. It's clear that she's gonna use this as an 'in' to my cold and edgy heart.

…I suppose it wouldn't hurt.

"Fine." I sighed out. "Lead the way."

The elf smiled slightly.

"I promise to you that it won't disappoint."

Well, we'll see about that.




It took less than a few minutes of us walking for her to use the opportunity to make me talk.

"By the way, we never did introduce ourselves. It was a bit hard to do it with you constantly ignoring us." the elf commented, before glancing back at me. "As you may have heard, I'm Frieren. Just your usual elf mage. And this is my apprentice, Fern. It's nice to meet you."

Said apprentice bowed slightly even if she was still giving me a cautious look. I ignored it.

"There's no way an elf mage who lived hundreds of years could be called the 'usual'." I instead replied.

"Perhaps. But in comparison to you, I might as well be." she said easily. "So, who are you? Are you a hero?"

I raised a brow at the term again. "What makes you say that?"

She glanced at my waist. "Well, you have a magic sword. I do not know if you use it well, but you must be strong since your skills in magic exceeds mine. As far as I know I only met one person who's like that, and they're known as a hero in the southern lands."

Then she tilted her head, looking thoughtful.

"Although, considering how you seem unfamiliar with many of the things you bought in the market, despite the fact that they can be found in the wild… Are you perhaps a hero from a different place? That would at least explain the unfamiliarity."

Hm. That's a reasonable assumption. This elf really thought it through.

That said, it's still wrong.

"I'm not a hero. I'm just your usual adventurer who picked up some tricks." I told them. "As for my name, I…"

I paused for a moment, before settling into the cool name I chose earlier because of my sword.

"They call me Arthur. Arthur Pendragon."

The elf and her apprentice blinked at my answer.

"…I see." the elf eventually replied, before looking forward once more. "Arthur Pendragon, huh."

"—Frieren-sama, there's no way that is this man's name. That's a person who only exists in fairy tales." her apprentice instantly replied.

"No, that one I gathered. I also heard of that story too, you know?" the elf replied, although she looked lost in her memories. "That said, it's been a long time since I've heard that name… that tale is very old. I believe the last time I heard it was when I was still a child. So it's still being told to humans to this day, huh?"

"When you were still a child… how long ago would that be?"

"I wouldn't know. But if there is a real King Arthur, then they'd probably have lived more than five thousand years ago. Even my parents know him as nothing but a fairy tale, as far as I know."

"T-That's… a very long time."

As the purple-haired girl wrapped her head around that amount of time, I instead noted that information.

So they also have 'his' story in here, huh. Makes sense, with Rhongomyniad being the one to connect the Reverse Side and the Modern World and with King Arthur's legend interconnected with the fae and all. Elves here have a connection to the fae, but it seems like the gap has grown enough in time.

That said, it was an interesting factoid knowing that a person from our side of the world was known here. Although, to a person who comes from the Modern World like I do, there is one thing about what she said was strange. She had mentioned that King Arthur was a person who preceded her thousand year-old life, possibly living five thousand years prior to her or so.

However, those with common sense would realize that King Arthur had lived in the middle ages. Five thousand years ago was way before that time, since at that age humanity was still stuck using bronze instead of iron. So unless there's time fuckery involved, there's no way that was true.

And there is, actually. Time fuckery, I mean.

The truth is, a day in the Modern World lasts like five days here in the Reverse Side.

Time dilation occurs much like the parabolic time chamber back home, except at a smaller rate. So when I said to Yuki and the others that I'll be back in a few days, I actually meant quite several, which would probably be around a month or somewhat less.

It's honestly something to be thankful about in this case. I don't think it'd be possible for me to find a way out of here without a foundation to work on. The last time I was here, it took me a couple of months. I also wasn't powerful and rich with resources like I do currently, so I wasn't able to establish a support base like I have back home.

I have the opportunity to do it right now though. It might be good to establish a support base here, along with constructing a way to make travel between the two worlds easier. Then there's also the fact that travelling between said worlds disrupts my connection between clones on the other side, causing them to dispel. If I want to maintain a constant presence everywhere like I usually do, then I'd need to find a way to circumvent that.

But I digress. For now, I need to find a way to get back home first. My last method was one-time only, so I'd need to find a different one. And hopefully, it's repeatable.

In any case, the elf spoke to me again.

"If you want your name kept private, that's fine by me." she stated idly. "But I'd like to ask: how did you get here? The way you're acting in the market reminds me of people who arrived here on this continent through ships. But there are no coastal towns near this city though."

Was this elf calling me a tourist?

…Well, I suppose it's not inaccurate.

"I came here because I'm from a different world." I answered her question straightforwardly. "It's because a goddess sent me or whatever. It's also where I got this neat magic sword. When I got here, I was in the forest right next to this city."

Once more the elf blinked.

"…I see." she replied again. "A different world, huh."

"—Frieren-sama, this guy is clearly just messing with us." her apprentice instantly interjected. "All that he's been saying so far is lies. And I don't think he's planning to answer honestly anytime soon."

It's actually the truth this time, though.

"Well, we have been harassing him the entire time, after all. It makes sense he wouldn't trust us." Such impressive self-awareness. Now if only they'd act on it. "Oh well, we'll get you eventually… Ah, there it is. The shop that I'm talking about is just past that place, by the way."

She pointed much further down the winding road that we were walking in. At some point, as we were traveling further and further into the city's less trodden paths, we arrived in what looks like a pretty sketchy part of the neighborhood.

I could visibly see the gloom in the atmosphere. The mana here is slightly tainted too, although it's just a miniscule amount. The place we're in is undoubtedly the underbelly of the city, the one place where most of the downtrodden and the more illicit individuals reside.

In short, it's the city slums.


Spoiler

"Frieren-sama, is this really the place we're headed in?" the elf's apprentice asked, her face slightly concerned. "I don't think there's any shops in a shady area like this. This place…"

She looked to the side, and there, you could see some hoodlums lurking about. They actually look the part, with them having mohawks, earrings, tattoos and… Hm, these guys just look like band members or something. Only with a fantasy outfit. Maybe they're not bad guys?

Oh, no wait. They have knives. One guy just licked it. Yeah, these guys are definitely fantasy criminals.

In any case, the apprentice looked at them with a revolted expression. "This place is clearly filled with unsavory people, Frieren-sama. These people look like they're delusional enough to think that they're from a different world. They definitely won't hesitate to rob us."

"Hey, did you really just compare me to those guys?" I asked.

"I did no such thing. That said, please look in the mirror the next time you have an opportunity."

"You really just did, huh." I deadpanned. "For the record, I'm not shady. Rather it's your mentor. May I remind you of the fact that she's the one who's harassing me and who brought us to this place. And the one who also apparently offered her body in our very first meeting, for some godforsaken reason. I think that part should be specifically emphasized."

The elf tilted her head. "…I can understand the first two, but is there something particularly shady about the last one? It's meant as payment for you teaching a very valuable skill. Shouldn't lending you my services as a capable mage be an equivalent exchange?"

I stared at the elf.

This feeling of denseness that rivals a neutron star… What's with this elf, is she a harem protagonist?

Her apprentice coughed, her face looking slightly red. "Frieren-sama. I know you didn't mean it that way, but the way you said it was like…"

The girl leaned into the elf's long ears which twitched. Then, as the girl whispered her explanation to her mentor - she blinked in surprise.

"O-Oh. Is that what I said?" The elf muttered, wide-eyed. Then she turned to me. "Sorry about that. That's… that's not what I meant. At all."

I waved it away. "It's fine."

"…Right."

The elf turned around again, resuming her walk. It looked a great deal more stiff than earlier though, and I could partially hear the elf's voice as she whispered to herself.

"I can't believe that's what I actually said… Uu…"


Spoiler

So she actually has the capacity to be embarrassed. Also, what's with that weird expression?

Anyway, despite the apprentice's earlier protests, we made our way through the slums to get to the shop that the elf was talking about. Some hoodlums eyed us but clearly valued their lives enough, not wanting to mess with two obvious mages who were accompanied by a really cool third guy with a similarly cool-looking sword.

And eventually, after passing through a few alleys and going down some stairs - it seems we've finally arrived at what looks more like a door to a basement than an actual building. And one that was guarded by a hooded man with a partially disfigured face.

He turned to us when he noticed our presence, then he spoke gruffly.

"The elven mage of the party that defeated the Demon King? What are you doing here?"

The guy suddenly dropped a major detail out of nowhere. Defeated the demon King? Seriously, what the hell is this plot I got involved into?

"We're interested in your wares." the elf answered casually. "Your place was recommended to me by some acquaintances. I want to check if they're really telling the truth."

For a moment the man just stared at her.

Then, he grinned. "Then you'll find them correct, elf. Come right inside."

We did. As we entered, the torches lit themselves up on their own and illuminated the place inside. And there I was subjected to a sight that made me realize that this place was definitely the real deal.

This place was chock-full of things that a mage would consider as treasure. Historical items full of mystery, pieces and fragments of divine constructs, cursed objects and many more. There's also a bunch of other things like spellbooks and grimoires, ones that contain pretty powerful spells that likely cost a pretty penny or are perhaps considered as forbidden research.

Seeing all this… yeah, I'll probably find some way I could get home here. Looks like going along with the elf's plot paid off. I mean, I could probably find this place if I looked hard enough, but objectives accomplished for a quarter of the required effort is worth celebrating.

In any case, the elf immediately went to the spellbooks and grimoires in the shelves, and her apprentice followed behind her. Meanwhile I checked out the artifacts displayed on the cabinets. Let's see what might help me here…

The historical items contain an incredible amount of mystery that can be used for some truly powerful magecraft, although it lacks any sort of use to achieve my objectives. The same goes for the divine construct fragments and the cursed objects. Ideally, what I wanted was something that could make me establish a connection to the modern world, where… Wait, hold on.

Is that a v8 engine there at the bottom? What the hell is that doing here? Ahh, no, I get it. It probably came from one of those isekai's that try to use their modern knowledge to their advantage.

That's a shame. Yeah, casting a structural analysis spell at it, I can see that its history is entirely contained in this world. I probably would've been able to establish a connection using it if it actually came from the other side, but what are the chances that a car was isekai'd along with someone?

…Maybe there's a plotline out there where someone gets in a car accident with the Almighty Truck-kun? With how uninspired the genre is, I wouldn't put it past them.

Before I could consider it some more however, a voice interrupted my thoughts.

"You've got quite a good eye there, sir." I glanced to the side to see that it was the disfigured man, who approached me with a shady smile. "What you're looking at there is the future of transportation. That one there is called—"

"—An engine, right? Yeah, I know." I interrupted, making him pause.

"You do? Hm." the man looked at me consideringly. "You don't seem to be from here… Are these things perhaps more common from where you are?"

What's with people assuming that I'm a tourist? Not that I wasn't, but I would've thought people wouldn't notice it that much. I suppose mages have a better eye for detail than anyone though.

"You could say that. I know how it works." I saw his eyes sharpen. Oh? Looks like he's hungry for knowledge. He reminds me more of a modern magus than a normal fantasy mage. "Tell you what - if you could give me an artifact that has a connection to other realms, then I'll teach you the way you can use this. Considering you have it stored here, you have no idea how to operate it, do you?"

The disfigured man considered that. "A connection with other realms, you say…? You're looking for something specific? Holy? Pagan?"

"Just show me anything, really."

"…Very well. Follow me."

The man then led me to a different room. The elf and her apprentice glanced at me as we passed by them, before going back to checking the spellbooks and grimoires. When I got to the room itself, I was subjected to a storage room that reminded me of a magus' workshop back home.

The disfigured man then started taking out some things from crates and stuff while muttering underneath his breath. Then, after taking out all the necessary things, he put them on a nearby table.

"Here are all of the things you're looking for." he stated, gesturing at the artifacts. "So? Does this satisfy you?"

I glanced at all of them and casted a structural analysis spell, viewing their structural makeup and history. Most of these things are from pantheons that originate in the Reverse Side, which I immediately ignored. If I accessed those realms I wouldn't be able to connect to the Modern World.

That leaves things that both worlds have in common. And here, I see exactly three things that fit the bill: a holy object, a demonic weapon, and an enchanted item by the fae.

The holy object produces a wavelength almost identical to the holy energy produced by the Abrahamic Heaven back home. It's probably just from a similar pantheon, but a few adjustments would probably make me able to use it as a catalyst to establish a connection to Heaven.

But that would also mean invading the place, and I'd really rather not make an enemy of the angels. What's more, it'd also be a one-time passageway if I do it like that. I want to establish an easier pathway so that I can travel here back home easily given the opportunity.

As for the demonic weapon - this one is definitely a gamble. There are hundreds of hell realms, and all of them are pretty similar. I could do it by trial and error and try to connect to the Abrahamic Hell in the Modern World, but considering we're dealing with the turbulent sea of ether dividing the two worlds… it's definitely going to require some truly powerful, intense, and complicated engineering to make it work.

This one is more of a problem with sensitivity. If there is a change caused by various factors separating the Modern World to the Reverse Side, I could easily end up in a different destination from what I planned. Hence, complicated engineering is required.

Which leaves the fae item. A crown of thorns.

It's just a minor enchanted item with a stupid gimmick, but a bit of work and it can definitely lead me to where Rhongomyniad is located. The lance has a connection to both the Reverse Side and the Modern World, anchoring it along with the other textures of the planet. If there was one place that would allow me a direct connection, it was in there.

And also… I glanced at my sword.

Hm. Thematic connection.

Yeah, I'm definitely not going to be involved in the Arthurian Legend with the way things are going.

"I'll take this one." I said, taking the fae item.

"The Iron-Bane Thorns?" the disfigured man asked, confused. "Just so you know, that item makes your skin as hard as iron, but actually touching iron would make you extremely weak. It's a useless battle item made by the pranks of the cruel fae."

Well isn't he surprisingly nice, letting me know all that.

"I'm not using it. As I said, I'm interested in the way it's connected with realms." I told him. Then I produced a paper booklet/manual from subspace, one that detailed the v8 engine's assembly, operation, and maintenance. "Can you read this language?"

The man took it, and his eyes widened when he saw the contents. "T-This is…! Yes, I've definitely seen this script before." he then hid it within his robes and chuckled. "Hehe, this is a worthwhile trade. I'll have some fun deciphering this. You have my thanks, sir."

Getting rid of a stupid enchanted item in exchange for valuable knowledge? Yeah, I'd be definitely thanking myself too. I put the fae item in the subspace, ignoring the disfigured man watching my magic as I did so.

Anyway, we went ahead and left the room after that. And when we did, I found that the elf and her apprentice were waiting for us, with the elf having chosen a few spell books from the shelves.

"I'll be taking this." the elf said, before throwing a pouch.

The man caught it and opened it, revealing a bunch of gold coins. "Hehe, pleasure doing business with you."

We left the store together right after. The elf glanced at me as we got past the door and closed it.

"So, did you find what you need?" she asked.

"Yeah."

She nodded. "Good. That means you owe me one. Feeling much more talkative now?"

I glanced at her. "That part was meant to be unspoken, you know."

"I prefer it to be spoken out loud. I was never that good at the unspoken stuff." Evidently. "I'll be cashing in on that favor, by the way. I expect you to follow your word, or else you'll gain the wrath of the mage who was a member of the party who defeated the Demon King."

I raised a brow. "Wasn't the entire purpose of this harassment about you wanting to learn how to fully suppress your mana? Why wait when I can teach you right now?"

"No, I figured that out already." What. "You have a lower mana pool than we do so it makes it relatively easier to suppress your mana into nothingness. That said, your mana control is still superb. You probably trained a lot for it."

I mean, I did, but I'm actually just cheating you know? The difficulty of mana suppression is the fact that you have to focus to suppress it and just live life like that constantly. It's the magical equivalent of constantly holding in your gut. If you have parallel thought processes though, that problem just goes away on its own.

But whatever. It's her choice.

"So if it's not that, what is the repayment for the favor gonna be?"

The elf stopped walking. Her apprentice and I did the same. Then, she fully turned to me.

"Join our party, Arthur." she stated.

…

It was a very unreasonable request that she just said there, and in response to it I simply raised a brow. However, her apprentice didn't react to that nearly as quietly as I did.

"F-Frieren-sama!?" the purple-haired girl shouted in shock. "You want him to join us on our journey!? I-I apologize, but where did this come from!? Why would you invite a stranger with us out of—!"

"Fern, we're two mages. If we want to fight monsters then we need a frontline fighter with us. Although, I suppose that he's not exactly a frontline fighter with him being more skilled in mana control than I am. But it's definitely going to be a great deal safer if we go together."

The apprentice still looked doubtful. "B-But still, asking him to go with us is still asking a lot… He can't very well just leave whatever businesses he needs to do just for our sake, especially considering we're travelling far off the mountain region…"

Huh, so this girl actually does care a bit. How considerate.

That said, her mentor holds the opposite sentiment.

"It's fine, Fern. After all…" she looked back at me. "…You're searching for something, aren't you? Especially with the artifact that you bought. Something with connection to other realms, was it?"

"It's rude to eavesdrop." I pointed out blankly.

"It's not really eavesdropping. Us elves just have naturally good hearing, these long ears aren't just for show." Then she tilted her head. "So, what do you think? If you're looking for a particular place, then we could team up together until you find what you're looking for or we go our separate ways. Not a bad arrangement, right?"

I stared at her. As I did so, it might have looked like I was a potential party member considering the offer on the outside, but the truth is that I'm considering the entire situation I've found myself in.

My goal is to establish a connection between the Reverse Side and the Modern World while also building a support base here for future operations. I can easily accomplish both of those with lots of clones. If I reject this elf's offer, then I can probably focus on my goals and do it much faster.

However, right now, the character known as 'Arthur' is actually now considered a side character to this elf's story. One that was judged as a potential member of their little party. I could easily leave the city now that I've gained what I needed, and being meta, the story can't do anything but adjust to my actions.

However, is that really the right choice?

That exact adjustment resulting from that is hard to pin down. What sort of changes would happen to the story if a potential party member just up and left without repaying a favor? Will I gain an enemy? Will I be branded as an antagonist? Will I be talked about as a hated character in social media or discussed in video essays by people with too much time in their lives?

Whatever it is, in a story like this where the mood seems to be chill or good vibes thus far - a person acting like an asshole is definitely a highlight. And since said asshole was also going to be me, I'd rather not risk it. All that trouble is not worth adding a single body in my clone workforce.

And also, I'd rather not act like an asshole. These two seem like nice people, so they don't really deserve getting done dirty like that. You know, despite the fact that they stalked me, talked shit about me, and essentially manipulated me.

…Actually, maybe I should consider leaving in the end.

That said, I suppose it's not like it matters at all. Because considering this development and my personality thus far, Arthur was still someone who clearly doesn't trust the elf enough. The answer is a clear resounding 'no', since saying anything otherwise would break the suspension of disbelief.

So what does the story do to prevent that?

"Help! S-Someone, help—!"

Well, it throws conflict in our faces to help everyone bond, of course.

The elf and her apprentice stiffened at the shout. Meanwhile, I turned to its direction. That woman's shout echoed in just a second before quieting down immediately after, perhaps being muffled by the people taking her.

In any case, we exploded into action an instant after. The two mages flew up in the air with their staffs, while I simply jumped up the buildings and ran across the rooftops. It took just a moment for us to arrive where the shout came from.

And there we saw the hoodlums from earlier. With them are a couple of women that they've definitely kidnapped.

"Hyahaha! No one's gonna hear you here, missy!" the hoodlum laughed, putting a knife on the woman's throat. "Just stay still… You don't want to get stabbed, do you? It'd be a shame if merchandise would be damaged—

"Zoltraak."

"—Gack!"

The hoodlum was sent flying when he was hit by a beam in the gut. His other friends immediately stiffened when they saw him go down, before quickly turning to the source of the attack.

The apprentice brought down her staff as she floated above the ground. She glared at the men, expression dark.

"Let those women go, or else you're next." she threatened.

Fear clearly entered their expressions at the sight of mages, but one of them seemingly had a good head on his shoulders and didn't let the pressure get to him. He grit his teeth and grabbed one of the women, pointing his knife at her neck.

"S-Screw you! You leave us alone!" he shouted. "I-If you make a single move, I'm going to kill this woman!"

The apprentice grit her teeth. But when she opened her mouth - she was interrupted.

"—Bind."

The hoodlums were barely able to react when the rings of light suddenly appeared around them and bound their arms to their bodies. The woman held hostage dropped when the man no longer was able to grab her, and she quickly made distance.

The elf and her apprentice floated down and touched the cobblestone ground. They quickly went to the two women and attended to them, who were still in a state of panic after everything.

They probably won't react well if I approach them. So instead, I went to the struggling hoodlums and knocked out everyone with well placed blows to the skull. With the last one being the smart one, that is.

"Oi. You." I called out to him, making him stiffen after seeing me knock out his comrades. "You said that those women are merchandise, right? Are you selling them somewhere?"

"I-I ain't telling you shit—Grgkh!"

"Just wanted confirmation." I replied after knocking him out as well with a kick in the face.

Then I touched his head and skimmed his memories. And there I saw… Hm, so it's a slave ring. Yeah, something like this is definitely prevalent in many isekai fantasies.

I stood up. Then as I was about to head towards the location of the place, someone called out to me.

"I've heard. I'll be searching with you." the elf stated, grabbing her staff. "Fern will be putting those two girls to safety and will be joining us right after. Let's split up and search the area—"

"No need, I already got the location." I replied, making her pause.

"…I see. Lead the way, then."

She didn't need to tell me. The moment she floated above ground - I reinforced myself, dashing through the road with the elf following after me.

The story wants me to do all this? Well, I don't really mind. In fact, I kinda welcome it.

—And with that, we went ahead and enacted some good ol' adventurer justice.




Wind blew past her as she soared through the skies.

She went the fastest that her flight allowed, while also readying her offensive magic for what was to come.

After helping the women get to safety and quickly alerting the city guards of the problem, she immediately returned as fast as she could to help out her mentor and the unknown man they had followed to deal with a particular problem.

A slave ring. It was a revolting concept.

She was a victim of a demon attack, with her village being wiped out by the remnants of the Demon King's army. There was nothing that she truly hated aside from those creatures. However, she has also come to learn that evil comes in many forms - and there are times that humans have shown to be just as evil as the demons they're fighting.

Slavery was something that was abolished many years ago between all the human kingdoms. However, there are still remnants of it to be found in places the authority hadn't thought to look. One such case was present in this city currently, and if it weren't for their presence, it might have remained undiscovered.

She wanted to get rid of it. She wanted to eradicate it completely, just like the demons she had been fighting. Such evil is reprehensible enough to be compared to demons.

So when she saw the sight of her mentor floating in the air in the distance, she immediately sped up and prepared herself for a fight.

—Or at least, that was what Fern thought until she realized that her mentor was simply just floating there, doing nothing and simply looking down on the ground.

"Frieren-sama?" she asked, slowing down her flight.

"Oh, Fern. You're here." the elf replied, turning to her.

Fern frowned at how casual she was acting before dismissing it. She'd let out her grievances later. "Frieren-sama, have you found the slave ring yet?" she asked instead, before looking around. "I've already called the city guards, if we could locate it, then—"

"It's fine. Just stay put for now."

Her mentor's words made Fern blink and turn to her once more. "What are you…?"

She trailed off when her mentor pointed down.

Fern followed it and… There, she saw something that made her eyes widen.

Within the slums, a place that looked like a collection of houses was completely wrecked. It looked as if a hurricane had gone through it, and with those houses destroyed, it revealed what was definitely the base of operations of the slave ring out to the world.

Armed men had gathered around, numbering about a hundred or so. It was an army of people who all wore armor and had steel swords. And what's more, with her magical senses, she could see that some of those people have the capacity for magic. It was definitely a band of mercenaries, likely meant to act as security for the slave ring.

A terrifying force. She wasn't sure that the city guards would be enough to beat them. And if it wasn't for the presence of her mentor, Fern probably wouldn't be confident in beating them either.

And yet here they were, seemingly all fighting one man.

The unknown man who had introduced himself as 'Arthur Pendragon'.


Spoiler

She watched with wide eyes as he demolished every single person that had attacked him. She saw the way he used his sword with finesse that even a person like her who is untrained with a sword would find impressive. She witnessed as the man coated himself with mana in a manner she was unfamiliar with, boosting his movement significantly in a way that exceeds physical limits would allow.

It was mesmerizing to watch. Despite the fact that they outnumbered him significantly, he was somehow coming out on top… No, that wasn't accurate. He was simply the one on top, being somehow better than all of a hundred people combined.

He was strong. Much like her mentor right beside her.

"So? What do you think about him?" Fern blinked when she heard her mentor speak, and she turned to the elf. "Do you think he's a good fit for the party now, Fern?"

Good fit…? In the first place, she had never expected that they'd be joined by another person.

That said, they don't really know who he was. The name and background he told them was clearly fake. Everything about him was a complete mystery.

She had thought that he looked shady the first moment she saw him in that tavern, and yet somehow Frieren-sama had taken interest in him. The fact that he has plenty of skills that surprised even her mentor, who had lived very long, made it clear that they weren't dealing with a normal person. And what she was seeing below only served to prove that.

Any normal person would be right to think that they don't really trust him. However, considering that he was fighting for the sake of destroying that slave ring…

"I believe that he can be trusted if he were to join us." Fern answered. "He's a good person. If he wasn't, then he wouldn't have bothered to fight right now. He'd be essentially helping strangers for no good reason, after all."

Frieren-sama hummed at that.

"That's a good observation." the elf commented. "But you know, Fern, just because it's easy to help someone in need if you're powerful. Who knows if a person would react the same way if what they're facing is much more powerful than them?"

Fern blinked. "Are you saying that he isn't a good person, then?" Why would she invite him if that was the case?

"Oh, I think he is a good person. I'm just giving you a lesson on not judging things too rashly, Fern. You were quite rude to him with your snide comments earlier, you know?"

She sweatdropped. "Frieren-sama… between my comments and your constant harassment, you're definitely the one that's more rude. I don't think you can lecture me about it."

"Well, I guess you have a point there. Let's both apologize later."

That was something she could get by. That said… there was something she was curious about.

"Frieren-sama." she called out, making her mentor's ears twitch. "If fighting to save others was not enough reason to prove he's a good person, then what made you think that he was?"

"Oh, that?"

Her mentor let out a soft smile. It was a familiar smile, one that was tinged with happiness and nostalgia. And one that she knew the elf always let out whenever she was reminiscing in her memories.

And it was with that smile that she answered her question

"—He just reminded me of a heroine that travelled with me in the past."

Fern blinked.

Heroine…? Could she perhaps be talking about…?

Before she could finish her thoughts however, her mentor looked down again. That made Fern mirror her, and there she saw that the last of the men fighting were defeated, leaving only one man standing amidst the wreckage.

That's… that was only a few minutes. He'd dealt with all of those people in that little span of time?

"Ah, seems like he's done." Frieren-sama turned to her. "Let's go, Fern."

She nodded, stunned at how fast he defeated them all. Then she followed her mentor as they floated down to the ground to meet with the man that they had followed the entire day.

Arthur-sama glanced at them as they approached. "You guys done sunbathing?" he asked, sheathing his sword. It looked like he didn't even break a sweat. "Sure must've been difficult doing a whole load of nothing."

"You had it in the bag, so I left you alone." Frieren-sama easily replied. Then she looked around. "Hm… you really didn't kill anyone. That's honestly amazing, considering I saw you slash a lot of them. There isn't even a drop of blood in sight. How'd you do it?"

"I hit them with the blunt edge of my sword."

Blunt edge? But isn't a sword sharp on both sides?

"Hm, I don't know what that really means, but I'm not a warrior so I doubt I'd understand it anyway. That said, I'm more interested in the answer to my other question… the one that I asked you much earlier."

Frieren-sama tilted her head.

"So, what do you think? Do you want to join our party, Arthur?"

There was a moment of silence as Arthur-sama stared at her.

…Then, he let out a sigh.

"You're seriously annoying, aren't you? If I refuse now, you'd probably keep bothering me." he grumbled.

"I would." her mentor shamelessly agreed. "It won't be forever though, since we have things to do… so I'd probably stick around for five or six days, perhaps?"

"That doesn't really make it better, you know."

"You should see the priest at our party. He harassed someone for thirty days straight, you know?" Fern blinked. Was she talking about Heiter-sama? "It was impressive to see, really. We wouldn't have defeated the Demon King without that dedication."

"—What's that supposed to mean? Are you saying that I should be thankful you weren't that stubborn? Is that what you're saying?"

"You can take it as whatever you'd like." Frieren-sama replied easily.

Another exasperated sigh from the man. Then, after considering it for a few seconds or so, he looked away and scratched the back of his head. Ah, it seems like he wouldn't be joining them after all. She supposed it's understandable, considering the way Frieren-sama approached him—

"Fine. Do whatever you want."

Fern blinked.

…Did she just hear that right?

Frieren-sama smiled. "I knew you'd come around. Then I look forward to travelling with you." then her mentor turned to look at her. "Alright, let's bind all these unconscious people and free the captured slaves. Help me out with this, Fern."

She nodded, still a bit surprised. "Y-Yes."

As she went on to follow the elf, she took a moment to glance back to the person who accepted her mentor's offer to join their journey. With seemingly nothing else to do, the man decided to sit down on a still intact crate and decided to look over the many unconscious bodies that littered the ground, keeping a close eye on them in case one of them stood back up again.

He was someone that they don't know. Perhaps he was a hero like her mentor had assumed. Perhaps he really was Arthur Pendragon like he claimed he was. Or perhaps all of that were lies, and he was something else entirely instead.

However, his strength and conduct were undeniable. And for Frieren-sama, that was enough.

…Perhaps, she should also act the same way.

"Arthur-sama." she called out.

The man glanced at her with furrowed brows. "Did you just call me Arthur-sama…?" he asked incredulously, before shaking his head. "Whatever. What is it?"

She bowed at him.

"I apologize for my earlier remarks." Fern stated, before looking back up. And there she saw the man's stunned face for the very first time. "I was rude towards you. You don't deserve it, especially since you saved all these people. Thank you."

As he digested her apology, his stunned expression then slowly disappeared, and it returned once more to his usual blank one.

"…It's fine." Then he glanced to the side, where Frieren-sama was discreetly watching them. "If anything, it's your mentor who's supposed to apologize. You only got dragged in unwillingly."

The elf stiffened. Fern also glanced at her.

"That's true. She was the one who suggested saying sorry, and yet she immediately forgot about it." she agreed.

"I-I'm sorry…"

A weak apology reached their ears. The man ignored it.

And so, as Frieren-sama awkwardly said her apologies to the man right after, Fern couldn't help but let out an amused smile as she went on to help her mentor bind the unconscious mercenaries.

She didn't really know what fate had in store for them with a new member joining their party… but there is something that she definitely knew now that things ended up this way.

—Their journey had become a lot more interesting.



Thank you all for reading. If you guys are interested and somehow like my stories enough to pay for it - I have a patreon which has 10 chapters for all my active stories. That is all, thank you.

Spoiler: Patreon Kowtows
Last edited: Jul 27, 2026
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, leks, kalifianto and 718 others
Skrubchap
Jul 26, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 36 New
View content
Skrubchap
Skrubchap
Ego crippled for life
JoinedAug 10, 2019
Messages586
Likes received154,496
Aug 14, 2026
New
Add bookmark
#3,715
Chapter 36

After that little episode of me getting accosted into a temporary party, a day had passed.

We hadn't left the city yet. That was mostly because the whole slave ring thing was actually a pretty big deal for everyone - so right after I dealt with them and the city guards arrived, we were brought for questioning. It's all standard procedure considering the circumstances.

There was some curiosity about me when they realized I was the one who defeated all those people. However, when the elf introduced herself and said that I was a member of her party, the questions stopped coming and we were let go.

It really does look like she's a big deal. I suppose that makes sense, considering she was one of the people who defeated the Demon King. And it's easy for people to assume that she's surrounded by pretty strong fighters as well.

That said, since I was the one who dismantled the entire slave ring - it appears I am entitled to a reward for my good deeds. Apparently the mercenary band I defeated had people with bounties, which meant that I got to claim them.

—Which is why I was currently in the Adventurer's Guild early in the morning, standing right in front of the receptionist's desk with a blank look on my face.

"Hey, is that him? The one that destroyed that slave ring?"

"I've heard some nasty stuff happening in the slums, but to think there's something like that…"

"How strong do you think he is?"

"Look at his waist, that's definitely a magic sword. And beating that mercenary band by himself… that guy is definitely strong."

It looks like news travelled fast, since the very moment I entered the building it looked like everyone's attention turned to me. They weren't being obvious about it, but I can hear their whispered mutterings and easily notice their discreet peeking as I stand here waiting for my reward.

This place was definitely a unique location. After all, it reminds me of the idol agency which Aoki works at.


Spoiler

It was a genre melting pot.

Lots of people in different appearances, clothing, and internal mana reserves. The first two are more apparent for the women around - I can see some people have more pragmatic gear, which probably means they're from a more serious setting, while there are some who show so much skin or curves which likely point to them being part of the standard isekai slop genre.

As for the last one, the ones with lower mana belong to a setting where realism is a big part, while those with a bigger mana pool have those where magic happens commonly. It sets the divide between hard magic and soft magic systems, and the difference is clear to me since they group together.

Adventurer Guilds are pretty useful. This place, along with taverns, are the best places to gain information based on my experience in the Reverse Side before. However, that also applies in relation to my line of work now, especially now that I'm building a support base for myself here in the Reverse Side.

I should probably work on putting some clones in every Adventurer's guild out there. Clones that are overlooked and treated as mobs.

Which was exactly the opposite of what's happening right now, considering the amount of people staring at me.

I thankfully didn't have to wait long under all that. Because after a few seconds or so, the receptionist I was waiting for came back, along with a guy who looked like an higher up here.

"Here you go, sir!" the receptionist said to me with a bright smile on her as she put down a tray with coins stacked on them. "Fifty gold coins exactly, the combined reward for the bounties."

Fifty gold coins… that's five hundred thousand copper. Easily a year's amount of work for a high paying job here in fantasy world. That's a lot of money.

I guess the people I defeated are actually a pretty big deal, huh.

I took it and put it all in my pouch, before subspacing it as I put it in my pocket. And as I did that, the guy with the receptionist cleared his throat.

"Ahem! Arthur-dono." he started, making me glance at him. "On behalf of everyone who lives here in this city and the people who can return to their families once more - please accept our commendations and the accompanying sum. Thank you for doing us this great service."

Then, he straightened himself.

"It has also come to our attention that you are not a registered adventurer here. Frieren-sama had mentioned that you are an adventurer in someplace else, and normally these sorts of deeds result in promotions. As such, we're also giving you the opportunity for you to join our guild with a rank of Gold—"

"No."

"—Eh? A-Ahh, as you wish."

I waited for a moment to see if they were going to say something else, before turning around and walking away once it was clear there's none. As I did, I could hear the hushed whispers of people muttering behind me as I left, undoubtedly talking about this mysterious aura farmer who just ignored such a big opportunity. Or maybe they're just cursing me in jealousy and calling me stupid for doing that.

The elf, who had been waiting by the entrance, must have heard the latter with her sharp ears. She walked beside me as I passed by her, with her apprentice accompanying us as well.

"You're fine with throwing away an opportunity like that?" she commented. "I've never really bothered with the guild ranking stuff. But from what I heard, a Gold rank is supposedly a big deal."

"I don't really mind." I answered.

Like her, that stuff didn't matter to me at all. As I said earlier, what I wanted is to make the foundation of how I do things back home. And that didn't necessarily mean I'd need to get a higher rank.

What I want is a bunch of side character identities that I could use to gather information. And to do that, two clones would walk through this door: one to join the staff, and the other to also act as an adventurer. Maybe at some point that adventurer would be a gold one, or perhaps in a different place where I can retain that rank without raising much interest in any narratives I involve myself in.

And also…

"I did say I was going to be travelling with you guys." I answered. "I doubt I'll be able to do my adventurer responsibilities if that was the case."

"That's a good point. And you are looking for other realms, like you've said. I doubt you'd be easily available while doing that." Frieren paused. "…Speaking off, does the fact that you're looking for another realm have something to do with how you're from another world? Are you trying to find a way back home?"

I paused.

She believed that…? Normally people wouldn't, dismissing it as nonsense. It's the reason why I always say some bullshit stuff in front of other people despite it being the truth - the fact that it's not part of their genre means that they won't believe it. So unless this elf's story has actual isekai in it, which I doubt is the case…

I glanced at her with a frown. But before I could say or do anything about it, someone else spoke up.

"—Frieren-sama, do you seriously still believe what he said yesterday? It was clear he wasn't being honest because of your constant harassment." her disciple chided.

The elf crossed her arms. "You never know, Fern. What if he was telling the truth? A mage needs to be open-minded to succeed, especially in this fascinating world of ours."

Her apprentice stared at her with blank eyes.

"I know that you're trying to act wise, but please don't make a fool of yourself more than what you're doing. It's embarrassing."

"E-Embarassing? How mean…"

…Hm, what a delightful comedy combo, these two.

In any case, the genre divide clearly worked that time and they have no idea of my circumstances still. For a moment there I thought it didn't work with this elf - but as her apprentice showed, it was just probably used for that particular gag.

That said, the possibility of someone turning meta… I've already had four heroines in the Modern World based on different genres. The only remaining one would be someone from a fantasy genre. From a story standpoint, it'd be weird to introduce one this late, but the possibility is still there.

Hm, maybe I should check it for sure. And considering the genre this elf belongs to…

"Hey, Frieren." I called out, making her turn to me. "Have you seen that elf dressed in skimpy armor earlier?"

The elf blinked. "…There was? I didn't see anyone."

I see. False alarm, then.

Nevertheless, with the beneficial information that I gained, there must also be an equivalent sacrifice. Almost immediately as I said that - arms suddenly enveloped the elf which pulled her further away from me. I glanced to the side, and there I was met with a very cold and harsh sight.


Spoiler

"Excuse me, but what exactly was that?" the apprentice said coldly, looking at me with suspicion. "Why ask such an inappropriate question out of nowhere? Is this sexual harassment? Are you trying to pick up Frieren-sama?"

What's with this girl.

"Sorry but I prefer them big, so no worries on that. I was just confirming something." I replied.

The elf and apprentice looked down on themselves. The former looked kinda blank as she stared, like she was pondering the existence of the universe, while the latter immediately looked up to me with a disturbed expression.

"—Are you including me too!?"

No seriously, what's with this girl.

"Give it a few years, maybe." I replied blankly, before looking forward and resumed walking. "Also, good for you, having so much confidence in yourself. That'll bring you far."

The elf also did the same. "Yeah, good for you, Fern."

"…Mnn." the apprentice slumped and followed us as well. "…I might have overreacted. I apologize."

"It's fine." I easily replied.

I guess she has the right to be suspicious. I am a guy accompanying them after all, and my identity is still a mystery to them. Combine that with my sketchy NTR guy aura, I'm definitely someone that has the label 'suspicious' slapped to them a lot of times.

Anyway after that little comedy skit, we went our way out of the city. That detour to the Adventurer's Guild was the only thing stopping us from leaving, and we already prepared the stuff before we left.

Still, even as we walked right towards the city's exit, I still tried to do a rundown if there were some things I've forgotten. All the things I really need are in my subspace right now, and I'm pretty sure I bought all the useful things as well as souvenirs in the city…

…Hm. Right, but then they'd wonder what city it was. And I would have nothing to show, because I didn't actually have a picture of it. Then Rias would get pissy and go 'Why wouldn't you take a picture when you're in a literal fantasy world!?' or something and then seethe in envy right after.

Thankfully, I can easily take one right now as we leave. That should nip the problem right at the bud.

And so, as we passed by the guards and city gates and ventured outside the city itself, I brought out my phone and snapped a picture as we walked away. It was actually sorta picturesque, and after taking a couple more from different angles, I chose the best one and saved it.

I was about to subspace my phone once more after that—

"What are you doing?"

—But then I paused, my action getting interrupted by that question. With that, I then glanced behind me, only to see that the elf and her apprentice were looking at me curiously.

I frowned before holding the phone up and displaying it to them. "This, you mean?"

They nodded, staring right at it.

…And here I thought they were being affected by the genre divide. What's with them being able to see the phone if that was the case? A tech of this level clearly isn't part of their genre, so how are they even…?

"Is that a magical artifact of some sorts?" the elf continued. "What are you doing with it?"

"…"

Ah, I understand now. The genre divide did work, but only softly in this case.

What a tricky setting. Perhaps this is the type of fantasy story where the magical artifacts or types of magic have some similarity to modern technology. Seriously though, the narrative is definitely teasing me with the possibility of them turning meta right now, isn't it? This isn't funny at all, damn it.

Letting out a mental sigh, I decided to just let the excuses flow.

"Yeah, it is. I was just taking a photo." I said, snapping them both in a picture and showing it to them. "See?"

Both of them blinked, recognition in their eyes. Seems like my theory is correct.

"I'm guessing you're both familiar with what a photo is?" I asked.

"Yes. It's something produced from a type of magic that captures your likeness to a physical medium. Like a painting, but much more detailed and realistic." the apprentice answered, as if remembering something from a book. "We've encountered some mages who have those spells during our journey."

"That seems a bit different from it, though." the elf pointed out, looking at my phone in thought. "That magic makes the photo appear in specially coated paper. And I didn't see you preparing any materials for it, unlike those mages."

"That's because it doesn't need it. This one doesn't transfer it to a medium. It just stores it, and you basically need another artifact to actually put it on paper."

The apprentice blinked. "But then what is the point of it?" she asked. "The purpose of a photo is to display it, correct? Why not just use photography magic instead of using two different artifacts?"

Ahh, the difference between a smartphone camera versus what is virtually a polaroid one. The gap between them is pretty much heaven and earth, but if I were to summarize…

"Because this one can take almost unlimited photos, and you can modify them here as well. It's basically a very portable storage. Then, once you're satisfied with all the photos that you got, you can just go to the artifact and put it on paper."

"I see. I suppose that makes it convenient." the elf stated.

The apprentice still doesn't seem convinced though. "Yes, in terms of portability, it is very convenient." the girl muttered in thought. "That said, paper doesn't really seem all that big of a deal to store, so between that and actual photography magic…"

I shrugged at that. "Well, it's not as if it's the only thing it can do."

Both of them turned to look at me again.

"It can do something else?" the elf asked, curiously.

"Yes, plenty of things." Virtually anything actually, with the right code and even magic if needed. "As I said earlier, it can store things. You can put stuff like notes in it, or even books to read. You can also play games in it."

"Games…?"

I clicked one of said default installed games on my phone. It's that hit game a few years ago where you just swap tiled candies and make combos when they match in a row. I then gave it to the elf, and her apprentice glanced over her shoulder to peek at it.

"I don't recognize this language." the elf stated, looking at the app. "It's very colorful, though. How do I play this?"

"Just touch the square thing with a finger. It should also give you the instructions, and since it has pictures you can probably understand it." I answered, and she did so. "The goal is to get the highest score possible and move through the levels. You just need to press and drag your finger to make things move."

Like I said, the pictures made it easy for her to understand. The gameplay was also fairly intuitive, and the next thing after that, the elf was crushing candies as the phone showed sparkly effects and made sounds. Her eyes widened while her ears twitched as that happened.

"Ohhh." the elf marveled.

Her apprentice, meanwhile, showed a completely different reaction. "This is… definitely something." she muttered, expression slightly fascinated but also disturbed. "I don't quite understand what I'm looking at. Are those fruits? And why are they turning into fireworks?"

"It's candies. And because it looks cool." I answered, making her give me a confused look. "Don't ask me. That's just how the game is."

"That just leaves me with further questions…"

Yeah, well, I may have escaped a being that can easily destroy the universe - but even someone like me has limits, you know? I can't answer everything.

Nevertheless, seems like they bought the artifact excuse. I can only wonder how this would look from a viewer-based context. A side character who apparently had something similar to modern world technology, hinting at them as an isekai'd person… I suppose it could be interesting in a way, considering the usual isekai slop focuses on the MC doing this kind of thing instead.

This little change should be fine though. As I said before - the Reverse Side can take much more changes due to its mostly isolated settings. Introducing something like this shouldn't cause enough of an effect to it.

And with this maneuver, I suppose it makes this journey easier now that I know these two can interact with it.

While a traditional journey is fine and dandy, I'd still want to use some modern stuff I have in my subspace for the convenience of it after all. And the narrative would be more inclined to accept it if I introduced it early, as opposed to me pulling things out of my ass out of nowhere in the future.

…And of course, there's what the narrative does to side characters that end up being too useful. That would probably take a while to take effect, but in the meanwhile I can enjoy what's happening right now.

In any case, with my explanation done and their curiosity sated, we all continued walking away from the city and into the wilderness. Eventually, I was surrounded with nature once more, hearing the relaxing sounds of birdsong, a nearby stream, and the trees rustling in the wind.

And then, of course, the sound of candies getting crushed.

I glanced to the side, staring at the elf who was still playing with my phone.

…She's not giving that back to me, is she.





—She definitely didn't.

The whole time we were traveling in the forest, the elf hadn't put down the phone a single moment and continued to crush candies the whole time. She kept going until we'd done a few hours of walking or so, and the sun was directly right above us in the sky.

By that time, we had to take a break since it's time for lunch. We went to a relatively shaded area in the forest and put our stuff there. And of course, with us being in the middle of nowhere, we actually have to forage for food to do that.

That said - it seems like it's a bit hard to do that right now.

"Frieren-sama, please put that down. We need to prepare our lunch."

"Wait a minute, Fern. Let me finish this okay? Just one more level. One more level, seriously."

"You've been saying that for the past couple of hours!"

"I'm actually serious this time. Really."

For some reason, the elf was totally hooked on the phone game. Despite not understanding what was written on there and the relatively simple gameplay loop, it looked like she enjoyed playing it, and now she turned into an ipad kid who can't seemingly let go of their gadget.

And like any kid being tasked with chores while playing, she tried to delay it and completely focused on playing with the game. She didn't even look away from the screen as she answered. And her apprentice, who looked more and more like her caretaker as the time went on, looked ticked off at this constant distraction for the elf.

Then, she turned to me with a look.

"Just so you know, this is your fault." she stated. "Please fix this problem you caused."

…Yeah, I guess that's fair.

"Hey." I said, walking up to the elf. "I'll take back my phone if you don't help."

That made the elf stiffen and look up at me. "W-Wait, seriously, hold on." she pleaded, holding the phone away. "I worked so hard to get past the last few levels. I'll lose my winning streak if I stop now!"

"It's not like it can't save your progress. You won't lose anything if you stop." I told her, before extending my hand. "Here, give it to me. You can continue playing that for later. If you don't give it back… then I won't let you borrow it anymore. Seriously."

With that threat, the elf slumped her shoulders and had no choice but to return the phone to me.

"Uuu… fine…"

Seriously, what are you? A kid? You're hundreds of years old. Act your age, damn it.

Anyhow, I watched as the elf walked away sluggishly after that, probably to forage some stuff in the wilderness. And as that happened, I turned around to see that the purple-haired girl was preparing a bundle of sticks for the campfire.

Now, much like the elf, I could probably go and hunt down some wild game… but that involves some hard work and I'd rather do something else right now. And like I mentioned earlier; modern conveniences. I already laid the groundwork for this.

"Hey." I called out, making the girl pause and turn to me. Then I took something out from the subspace and extended it to her. "…Here you go. We can cook this."

It's food that I have stashed in my subspace in case of emergencies. More specifically, a pack of fat sausages that are perfect for easily grilling. The girl blinked, taking the plastic container.

"This is… meat?" she asked, examining it. "This is a sausage, isn't it?"

"Yeah, it is." I replied.

"This is definitely fresh. And what's more, it's cold… How is it cold?" Then, the girl's eyes widened. "W-Wait, may I ask when you've bought this food, Arthur-sama?"

I frowned. "Months ago, maybe? I don't really remember."

The girl's eyes turned sharp and she went right up to my face. "So does that mean that your spatial magic completely preserves everything inside it?! And food can go unspoiled for months!?" she shouted with a very intense expression. "I-Is that what you're showing right now, Arthur-sama!?"

…Right. I guess that's a pretty big deal in this era.

There's no point in hiding it, then. "I guess you could say that."

"H-How much can you store?" she followed, expression intense still.

"A lot." I easily answered.

"A lot? Is there a definite limit?" she asked again.

"None." I replied.

"N-None…!?"

"None."

The apprentice stared at me with wide eyes, looking at me as if I was some giant cosmic anomaly.

"T-That's…!"

Muttering that, the girl then walked backwards as if struck with something, before suddenly falling on her knees and hunching on herself as she started muttering to herself in thought.

"W-We might have hit the jackpot." she whispered. "Logistically speaking, this is a godsend. With this spatial magic, we can store as much food as we want without worry, freeing up space for other things to bring… N-No, in the first place, there's no need to do that, is there? With magic like this, there's no point in bringing bags anymore—!"

Yeah, I'm definitely going to be used as a portable storage now.

In any case, with my position in the group quickly turning from 'kinda suspicious person' to 'incredibly valuable asset' in the apprentice's eyes - we went ahead and started grilling the sausages I brought out. Before we did that though, I also brought out a steel grill grate where we could easily cook it, putting it over the campfire.

I saw the apprentice's eyes gleam at that. Yeah, she's definitely about the useful things I can do for them now.

Hey, remember that this is a temporary arrangement, alright? You shouldn't really depend on me that much. It's only you who'll be in pain in the end if you do.

Anyway, we started grilling the sausages after that. The girl brought out some wooden plates and forks for us to use, and after the food was ready, we put it on the plates to cool for a bit.

By the time it was ready to eat, the elf also returned. And it was with a basket full of herbs and fruits that she came back with. She sluggishly walked back to us, her face still in that same depressed expression that she had when she had to let go of my phone.

Oh, and she was also arranging the berries that she picked in a line within her basket.

"The candies… they aren't disappearing…"

…What the hell is with this elf? There's gotta be a limit to how addicted you are.

"Frieren-sama, we've already cooked up a meal. Arthur-sama brought sausages with his spatial magic." the apprentice informed, before pumping her fist at her with an excited expression. "And, get this - apparently he can store lots of things with it being completely preserved, no matter how long! We can bring as much food and items as we want with his help!"

"You didn't actually ask me yet if I wanted to do that, you know. Just wanted to put that there." I replied.

I was ignored. "This will definitely be useful, Frieren-sama! Imagine the things we could do!"

Contrary to her expectations though, the elf didn't share her enthusiasm at all.

"Is that so? That's great, then." the elf said listlessly, putting down the basket near the extinguished fire.

Then, she walked up to me.

"…What?" I asked, munching on my sausage.

The elf then did this weird face that she always did. And this time, the elf did it while she twirled her fingers together, like she was embarrassed or something.


Spoiler

"Um… can I borrow your artifact for a minute? I'd like to continue playing."

I stared at her blankly.

…This better not be the start of a very weird dynamic.

…

…

…

After lunch, we decided to take a break to digest the food and get some rest. So we had an hour of rest or so before we continued walking on our way to our next destination.

Once more, the elf had played with my phone. I would've probably been concerned with the battery considering how long she'd been using it now, but I modified my phone in the past to run on ambient mana since why the hell not. And being in the Reverse Side where the mana in the air is thick due to it being the Age of the Gods, it's pretty much never going to run out of power.

That elf might play with my phone forever at this rate.

Meanwhile, her apprentice took a more productive approach. After cleaning our utensils and plates, she started to practice her own magic. I could see her meditating as she focused on limiting the mana she spent on her spells, improving her control of the mana flow right inside her.

She's actually improving solidly. She definitely has the talent to become as strong as the no-good elf she called her master. Maybe even surpass her, given the proper circumstances.

With the two of them busy that pretty much left me on my own. And I'm fine with that, since I was also busy doing something else.

I sat down on the grass with the fae item right in front of me, staring at it with crossed arms.

Analyzing this thing was easy. I've got plenty of analysis spells at my disposal, letting me view the composition, essence, and history of this thing. The only problem is that I couldn't quite use all of it to determine where my goal was.

Rhongomyniad. The Spear of the End.

Mechanically, it's what holds many of the textures of the world together. It exists as a major nexus point of many settings, being a literal pillar that looks alien which is definitely important to keep the world functioning. It's known by many names, but that's what it's known colloquially by many magi.

It also doesn't exist in an actual geographic location, making it hard to find.

In the Modern World, it's easier to locate since I know it's conceptually in Britain. That's not the case in this world though, and without any information to use, I'm pretty much stuck stumbling around blind in order to find it. Ideally, I was thinking that this fae enchanted item would be enough… but that's just wishful thinking.

This artifact doesn't have much connection to it. They're connected by the vague idea of the 'fae', but other than that it's hard for me to use it. I'd need to replace it with better foci to determine the spear's location, or perhaps more accurate instruments to use what I have right now.

The latter would be hard to get since most of my stuff is a literal world away. The former… Well, there's probably some way to do it. Especially with the information I gained from analyzing this thing.

After all, I've determined the location of the fairy that made this enchanted item.

It's just a simple game of connecting things. If I could access the fairy realm, then perhaps I can also find a way to use it to locate the spear. And if it didn't work, I'd definitely find some clues to get closer to it either way. I can continue that until I finally reach my goal.

Thankfully the location was actually close by. Due to how useless this item was, nobody really wanted it, so it just got passed around locally until it arrived in that disfigured mage's magic artifact shop. It's fairly far away, probably five days worth of travel on foot, but thankfully I can teleport so it doesn't really matter.

Seems like I already have my destination in mind. Hm, maybe I should make a clone and go there right now—

"Here. I'm giving this back."

—I paused at the interruption. Then, I glanced to the side.

There, I saw the elf standing right beside me, her hand extended as she held the phone. I studied at her blank face, trying to check if I wasn't just seeing things after analyzing that fae item.

Nope, it's real. She really was giving it back despite being so hooked on it.

"You're… giving it back." I repeated, confused by this development. "Why?"

"I've had a change of heart." she replied.

I took my phone and glanced at the screen.

…She ran out of in-game lives. Now she has to wait two hours or so to get it all back and play again.

I looked back up to her with a blank expression and she made that same weird expression from earlier again. Before I could comment on it though, she went on to look at the item placed before me.

"So, what are you doing? Are you trying to analyze this?" she quickly changed the subject, poking at the enchanted item. "…Hm, from what I can tell, wearing this can change the skin of the wearer to be as tough as iron, but is weak to actual iron. Isn't this thing basically useless if you get attacked by any weapon with iron in it like swords and such?"

"It is. It's just a stupid prank item made by fairies." I replied. "Though what I'm after is not the effect, but rather—"

"I remember. You want to find other realms, right? So I'm guessing this means you're going for the fairy realm." she tilted her head. "Are you sure about that choice though? I hear that it's quite dangerous, and you might get trapped inside if you're not careful."

"You don't have to warn me about that."

I already had a first hand experience on how scary the fae can get. Especially when I stole part of Avalon due to a strange set of circumstances. However, that is a story for another time.

"Well, if you're that confident about it then I guess it's fine. And I suppose you would have the expertise on it, with your name and all." the elf stated.

"Mm." I hummed noncommittally, before changing the subject as well. "…By the way, you said that our destination was going to be a mountain pass in the north, but I'm noticing that we're taking a detour. You plan on stopping by somewhere?"

The elf nodded. "Yep. There's a village here that we can rest in. That mountain is a bit far away, so we can spend the night there for a bit." she replied. "Also, I have something to do there. A bit of an unfinished job, you can say."

I raised a brow. "And what is it that you're planning to do?"

"Fighting a sealed demon."

"—What."

The elf turned to me with a blink, as if surprised by my reaction. "What's wrong? I've thought someone like you would've fought some demons with how strong you are. Have you never fought one before?"

"…I have."

I wasn't lying. However 'demon' is a big umbrella term, so what I fought must be different to what she was fighting. A demon could just be a horned monster with bat wings and a spiked tail, but it could also come in different forms due to the various mythologies associated with them.

And that wasn't the reason I was even surprised in the first place.

After all, fighting a sealed demon? What the hell is this sudden development? I thought that this elf's narrative was more of a slice of life type of plot, but then she threw me something like this.

What even is the type of story I've involved myself in? It's confusing.

I rubbed the bridge of my nose. "You know, you should really tell me these things."

The elf blinked, realizing she hadn't mentioned it at all before. "…Ah, right. Sorry."

I let out a sigh.

"So?" I started. "Why are we fighting a sealed demon and why is it necessary?"

"Well…"

With that, the elf started to tell me the backstory of this particular sealed demon. It was filled with context that seems to be common knowledge in her setting, but I managed to get a gist of it.

The demon was something they had fought many decades ago. It was too powerful to be defeated, so they did the next best thing and sealed it instead. And this year would be when the seal spell fails, so she's dealing with that demon before it happens.

And judging from her descriptions, this demon seems to be an actual race, much like how it usually works with fantasy. They don't seem to live in hell or some other hellish realm, and the only place that can count as their 'place' would be the Demon King's previous territory located far north of the continent.

The same Demon King that the elf and her previous party had defeated.

"—Right now, you could say I'm tracing the path we took when we travelled." the elf continued. "Although, I also plan to visit with an old friend of mine who lives up past the mountain pass. We'll plan to go there after defeating that demon."

"I see." Tracing the path she last traveled… "Frieren."

"What is it?"

"Have you ever regretted something before?" I asked her.

She blinked. "…I have, plenty of times." the elf frowned for a moment, before looking at me with a confused expression. "Why? Where did that question come from?"

"Nothing. Just confirming something."

With my bullshit emotional perception that can rival a drama character's near-mind reading skills, I didn't miss that pain in her expression in that slight pause. And judging from her nostalgic reminiscing previously along with her desire to trace her previous path - I believe I have an idea of what this type of story this elf belongs to now.

—A Post-Hero's Journey story.

Or in other words, an epilogue.

While their previous journey was definitely the cliché 'Defeating the Demon King' story that was filled with action and adventure, this one is more focused on emotional growth, maturity, and nostalgia.

The elf's journey still wasn't done since her character can still grow. The story continues, with the main character status being passed onto her from the previous hero that she had accompanied before.

And now, she's going to deal with unfinished business. Since of course, such a story includes the return of past enemies, along with the introduction of new ones.

…I glanced to the side, looking at the elf's apprentice who was still practicing her meditation.

"So, this demon you've sealed. You think you can deal with them now?" I idly asked.

The elf was once more confused by my non sequitur question. That said, she still answered.

"Maybe. Qual was a very hard opponent to deal with." she replied in thought. "But that was decades prior - a lot has changed in many years, and the advancement of magic was one of them. He'll definitely be surprised once he faces me, especially with Fern helping."

Confident, but not arrogant. No flags raised in that answer.

Hm, I think I'm getting how things will go. So this is likely a fight showcasing the difference between the past and the present. Perhaps there's a dash of aura farming involved, a flashback of their previous journey, and even a teaching lesson for the apprentice.

We'll see though. I might be inaccurate in some parts, but that is what I believe is the best way the narrative will deal with a returning antagonist like this. And with me being a side character in this situation, my role there would probably be just to act shocked and increase the elf's aura when she inevitably defeats that demon.

And guess what? I'm pretty good at that.

…Maybe I could also go and check out the fairies while that was happening.




Spoiler

"Zoltraak."

A beam of magical energy, one with enough power that would probably make any modern magi either pale in fear or become green with envy, bolted out of the demon's hands. It struck the shield formed by the apprentice, causing its energy to become dispersed as it steadily dissipated into nothingness.

The apprentice looked confused. "Frieren-sama… What is going on? That was just ordinary offensive magic."

"That was Zoltraak." the elf answered. "The foundation for what would become humanity's most used offensive magic… a magic that he had developed."

—Looks like I was right, after all.

It was a fight meant to showcase the difference between the past and the present. A demon that invented their setting's equivalent of a magical AK-47, and showing how it had changed the world… yeah, this is definitely an interesting concept.

It also makes this demon absolutely cooked, since his magic is literally decades obsolete. The modern mage in their standard could probably easily deal with this demon despite having little to no experience. Much like the apprentice, who'd definitely be a highlight in this fight.

And looking at that - it was clear that I, a humble side character, needed to react properly.

"This is so sigma."

Nobody reacted. They were too focused on fighting.

How sad, and I even declared it with heartfelt passion and all.

Anyway, I was definitely not needed here and I was just chilling in the sidelines like a rando who got lost. I'm probably not gonna do anything aside from the occasional reaction, so I used the opportunity to go ahead and do what I needed to do.

Parallel thoughts, clone, invisible, then teleport.

All of that happened in less than a split second. To anyone, nothing might just have happened at all, and the best they could see was probably a blur behind me or something. Not like the genre divide would make them notice it, but it's still good to make precautions.

With that, I (my clone) finally arrived at the place where the enchanted fae item I bought originated from. Like any other place, it was literally a forest because deforestation didn't exist yet in the Age of the Gods, and I had to look around for a moment to locate where my goal was.

I reinforced my eyes and other senses, taking in everything around me and… there.

It was a ring of mushrooms on the forest floor. It's a pretty normal thing to see in a forest or a grassland, but occasionally you'll find some small humanoid beings hanging around by them.


Spoiler

Fairies.

I approached, making my presence clear as I did so. The three fairies present, who were seemingly in the middle of playing a game of aerial tag, all stopped in their tracks as they noticed me.

"Huh? What's that?" one asked.

"A human…!" another answered, eyes gleaming.

"Quick, let's hide!" another shouted as well.

The small things quickly flew away and hid behind a nearby bush. I realized that they somehow unconsciously did some memory-wiping magic when they flapped their wings and released fairy dust. A normal human might have been affected, but it didn't work on me at all.

"I can see you, you know." I told them, making them gasp. "Come out, I won't hurt you. I just want to have a talk."

A moment of silence.

And then, perhaps because of their curiosity, or perhaps of their naivety, or maybe even just confidence that they can take care of me - the fairies listened to my request, flying out of the bush and then flying around near my face like a bunch of annoying flies.

"Talk? You want to talk?" one asked.

"Of course~! Whatever you want." another answered, sultrily.

"Suspicious. Humans are suspicious!" another also shouted.

—It was immediately clear to me that one of these things is not like the others.

I glanced at one of the fairies, the one that spoke from the side. And just from that single glance I instantly noticed the difference between her and the other two.


Spoiler

A slightly different appearance in the form of smaller wings and the little horns on her forehead. What's more, the clothes she wore were different, focusing more on showing off her body as opposed to the more conservative clothing the other two had.

And then, of course, there's the other thing that stood out to me most of all.

The fact that her eyes were looking at me like I was a piece of meat to be ravaged, and the faint trace of corruptive energies flowing inside of her. One that reminds me of a certain black-haired member of Rias' peerage.

…Right. Usually, these things come in the form of goblins or orcs for the girls - but for the male counterpart, I suppose it's more varied. Fantasy monsters that look like women, who would capture human males and then breed with them.

It seems that I've stumbled upon the adult genre in the fantasy world.

And now, I can only imagine what sort of bullshit this entails, considering I'm dealing with the fucking fae.

"So, what do you want to talk about?" the first fairy asked curiously.

"…I'm looking to find the person who made this thing." I replied, bringing out the fae enchanted item out of my pocket through subspace. Then I showed it to them. "Do the three of you have any idea on who they might be?"

The first fairy tilted her head as she examined it. "Huh? Oh, wow. That's a silly trick!"

The third fairy pointed a finger at me. "No warranties! All enchants are final!"

How in the hell would a fairy know about warranties?

"I'm not trying to return it. I just want to meet with the fairy who made it." I clarified. "So? Do any of you know who made this thing?"

"We do! We're not gonna tell you, though!"

Figures. However, before I could try to convince them - the fake fairy spoke up.

"I might know something about it~!" she tittered. "But you'd have to play with us first, mister! If you manage to win, then you'll get what you want!"

The other two fairies looked at the fake one. "Game? What sort of game can you play with a human?"

The fake fairy let out a lewd smile. "Oh, you know. I already told you guys, didn't I? It's when you…"

I watched as the fake fairy started whispering to the two fairies. This was… definitely corruption. I can see the succubi energy flowing to the two fairies she was talking to, polluting them as she puts lewd ideas in their heads. I can definitely guess what sort of 'game' these fairies are planning to make me play.

Unfortunately, I have no interest in doing that.

"—What if we play a game where I hide this thing, and you have to find it?" I quickly interrupted.

The two fairies and the fake one blinked as the corruption stopped.

"What? Like hide and seek, but for items?" the first fairy asked.

"But you need it to be people! Or else you can just bury it or put it under a rock or something!" the other fairy also piped up.

"Sure. Which is why I can only hide this thing here without moving." they blinked again. "Are you ready? If we play the game and you don't find it after a minute, then you'd have to do what I say."

The fake fairy frowned. "That sounds really boring—" I subspaced the item with flair. "—Woah! It disappeared!"

"I-It's gone…!"

"How!? I didn't feel any magic…!"

The two fairies and the fake one all fluttered around me as they started searching for the item. And they won't be able to detect it in any way - after all, it wasn't magic, but rather through the use of technology. The genre divide actively prohibits them from actually accessing it since it meant interacting with advanced technology.

It's nothing like putting a phone in front of them. They might just interpret it as a magical artifact. No - this was as if they're putting an actual mech right in their eyes. The incompatibility between the genres is too big.

In any case, they didn't find it.

"Time's up. You guys didn't find it." I stated, before letting out of the subspace again with flair. "Looks like I win."

The first fairy tried imitating my movements, while the fake one stared at me with childlike wonder. Hm, seems like it's not all succubus for that thing.

The third fairy, however, pointed at me. "How!? How did you do that!?"

I smirked. "That's a secret." I replied. "Anyway, since you lost you're gonna have to tell me who made this thing."

That made the fairy stare at me with a frown. "They're pretty important." she answered. "…Why would you want to meet with them anyway? And who even are you?"

"I want to have a chat. As for my name…" I paused. "Yeah, I'm not giving you that. You can just call me a traveler."

"Huh? What's that supposed to mean? Why won't you give us your name?"

I raised a brow. "Because you're going to steal it."

"What? We're not gonna do that." the fairy looked vaguely offended. "Nobody even does that kind of thing anymore. That stuff has been outlawed thousands of years ago!"

"Yeah! Also, it's really mean!" the other fairy agreed.

Hm. Outlawed, they say? Looks like there might be some difference between the fae here and the fae back home. Or perhaps I just stumbled upon a setting where they don't actually do that. Or, you know, they're just lying.

"Well, I value my privacy quite a lot, so I'm still going to have to not give it." I replied. "So? I beat you fair and square. Still not going to let me meet with them?"

"Of course not! Like I said, they're pretty important! They have better things to do than meet humans like you!"

I frowned, considering that. So they're still not that convinced, huh… Then, how about I show them something that would definitely get their attention. This should make them at least intrigued a bit.

"What if I show you this cool-looking sword, then?"

"Huh? How's that gonna help—" I drew Excalibur from its scabbard. "—Woah! What is that!?"

"Pretty…!"

"Ahh! It kinda burns a bit!"

The two fairies looked very intrigued at my sword, while the fake one was driven away by the holy aspect of it. Clearly, the latter happened due to their conceptual connection with the weapon. This was one of the many swords that bore the name 'Excalibur' after all, and while it was unquestionably divine by nature due to being made by gods, it was also different.

And it was definitely enough to garner the fairies' interest. "What's with that sword? It's weird…" the same fairy muttered. "Are you some sorta big shot, mister? One of those Hero guys that roams around beating monsters?"

Seriously, there's so many settings that have heroes in them, huh.

"I guess you could say that." I answered, before sheathing the sword back. "So, does that make me important enough to meet with whoever they are?"

The two fairies looked at each other.

"Probably! Okay, mister, you can come with us!" the first fairy from earlier stated, before flying back to the ring of mushrooms. "Step inside here and we'll guide you to her!"

Finally, I can get to the fairy realm. Now, let me just ready this current clone to make sure that I'll get the information that I need if ever it gets trapped inside… There. That should be enough.

With that, I stepped forward and went inside the mushroom ring. And as I did so, I felt the world shift beyond the ring around me, and I found myself entering a realm that was clearly different from the Reverse Side. Although, it was a place that was clearly just as magical.

That said - looking around it was also strangely familiar. Because I'm pretty sure I've been in this place before.


Spoiler

The place looked kind of like the piece of Avalon that I stole back home, one that Haruhi had wrecked even through her dream-like state with her bullshit powers.

It seems to only have a superficial similarity to it though. The place lacks the everlastingness present in that realm. And it seems fairly small, so it probably means it's just one of the many fairy realms around present here in the Reverse Side.

And stepping inside here… Hm, there's a slight difference in time between this place and the outside, with the time here going much faster. It shouldn't be much of a problem though.

"Your highness! We have a gueeeest!"

Anyway, the first fairy called that out the moment we crossed the border, flying across the field with her two companions. Almost immediately, I saw that I gained the attention of fairies present in the realm. There appears to be different kinds around, and they also come in different forms and sizes. Although, something else did catch my attention.

The fake fairy - it seems that there's more of her kind in here. They blended in with the other fairies, and I can see the traces of their corruption which had spread around the place. And similar to the one I met earlier, they also immediately started eyeing me like I was a piece of meat.

Looks like I'd need to be careful lest I get assaulted.

Anyway, I ignored their stares for now and followed the two fairies and the fake one. They flew right to the very heart of the realm, and with what they shouted and their earlier statements about them being important - it was already clear on what type of fairy I was going to be talking to.

Although, it's not like I didn't expect it. I did read the fae item's history, after all. I already had suspicions with what exactly I'm going to be dealing with, and that suspicion was outright confirmed when I saw the three approach a being gracefully seated on a table while having tea.

It was a fairy bigger than the rest. One that looked more like an elf. Of course, they couldn't be more different - and that was because of the large ethereal wings on her back and the incredible power coming from her that rivals divine spirits.

—A Fairy Queen.


Spoiler

The blonde woman brought down her tea and gave me a curious look as I approached.

"Oh, a guest? It's been a long time since we've had someone brought here." she stated, before giving me a refined smile. "To whom do I owe the pleasure of speaking?"

"He doesn't want to say!" the fairy earlier tattletaled. "He said that he didn't want his name stolen, so he's keeping it a secret from us! He just wants to be called a traveler!"

The fairy queen blinked. "Oh my. That's quite an outdated view you have of us. None of us do that anymore."

"…Forgive me for saying this, but I don't quite believe that." I replied, making her blink. "I have my own previous encounters with the fae and all of them are malicious. So I'm going to have to err to the side of caution for now."

That made the Fairy Queen frown. "Well… I suppose I can't speak for others of my kind. I know that some of them can get pretty bad." she admitted, before giving me a reassuring look. "But rest assured that most of us don't act like them. I treat my subjects and guests fairly."

"Is that so? Then I'll take your word for it."

She gave me a smile again. "Thank you. Now, please have a seat." I did so, and the woman stood up and walked towards me, holding her teapot. "…Would you care to have some tea? Oh, and this isn't a trap by the way. I'll make sure to not claim you once you drink this."

Hm, I guess it's fine to believe her. And in the event she's lying, I can easily dismiss this clone anyway.

I shrugged. "Sure."

The woman brightened. Then, she started to pour tea right into my cup.

And as she did so, I immediately noticed something strange. It wasn't anything malicious - however, when she poured the tea, the Fairy Queen leaned down in an almost inappropriately close distance from me.

The instant that she did so, I was blasted with this woman's otherworldly beauty, along with an addictingly pleasant floral scent that reminded me of flower beds. She also moved a lock of blonde hair behind her ear - a movement which, coincidentally, made one focus on her large bosom that lightly touched the table due to how big they were.

It was honestly just simple movements. It looks as if they were done accidentally… until I finally took a look upon the Fairy Queen's face.


Spoiler

It was a lewd look. My hentai senses, sharpened from my experience with Aoki, made it clear that this fairy wanted to tease me and had her eyes on me. And immediately, I was also reminded by the fact that the fake fairies had populated this realm, spreading their corruption everywhere.

It looks like this place was in a more dire situation than I thought.

"Here you go."

The expression disappeared in an instant the moment I glanced at her. She finished pouring the tea, before straightening herself up and giving me an innocent-looking smile. There was no trace of the lewdness anywhere around her, replaced with this mother-like aura as she sat back down on her chair.

I took a sip of the tea. It was tasty, but more importantly it seems like she was telling the truth about not ensnaring me to this realm. Not like she was planning to ensnare me in a totally different way though. No sir.

"This is very delicious." I complimented her.

"Thank you! Brewing tea is a hobby of mine." she stated, before tilting her head. "In any case, may I ask what your business is here? And I'm quite curious how you've managed to convince my little ones here to let you come in here. They're very shy."

"He wants to talk to you! That man has something you enchanted a really long time ago, your highness!" the fairy informed her. "Also, we let him in because he has a cool sword! It's very pretty!"

That made the Fairy Queen blink in surprise.

"Something I enchanted…? It's been a long time since I did that. Centuries, maybe? I wasn't the Queen of this realm the last I did that." she muttered in curiosity. "And what do you mean by cool sword?"

"It's a very weird sword. I like it as well though." the other fairy stated. "I think he's one of those human heroes in the stories that everyone mostly talks about!"

The queen's curiosity turned into outright intrigue. "Really…? Do you mind showing me your sword, traveler?"

I did so, drawing the sword from its sheath once more and offering it to her. The Fairy Queen's eyes immediately widened at the sight, before she gingerly took the blade from me.

"T-This is…! It's definitely a sword of divine origin. I cannot be mistaken." she muttered, touching the hilt of the sword. Then she looked at me again. "…And considering you have this with you, you really must be like the heroes in the stories…!"

Not really. I got it from threatening a dumb goddess. Not very heroic, if you ask me.

Nevertheless, with the Fairy Queen thinking that I'm an important person - she quickly recovered her composure and cleared her throat, trying to make herself look proper once more. Though there was no denying there was an excitement underneath her graceful facade.

"Ahem! Anyway, I suppose someone like you came here for a quest of some sorts." she said, elegantly bringing up her tea cup once more. "May I ask again what your name is, hero? I assure you, I'll help you to the best of my ability. I simply want to know who you are."

Again, I suppose I have no reason to deny that. Even if she had tried to seduce me, she hadn't actually done anything outright malicious like the fae back home. I could probably give her my name without consequence.

Although - why the hell would I do that? I have a perfectly cool fake name I could use. I am, after all, currently acting as a different character.

So, thinking that, I gave the Fairy Queen a simple answer.

"Arthur Pendragon."

"—Pffff!"

I was immediately drenched in liquid after answering her. The Fairy Queen coughed after spitting out the tea she had been drinking, and any sort of gracefulness and elegance she tried to display before had been completely erased from what she did.

However, it looked like she didn't really care a single lick about that. Because right now, the queen was now staring at me with wide eyed surprise. That, along with something else that no one else displayed when I had started introducing myself with the name since I set foot in this world.

Recognition.

"Cough cough! W-What…!?"

Hm.

Seems like I found a clue to my goal now.


Thank you all for reading this story, and I hope you enjoyed this chapter. If you're interested in reading more, you can read more in my patreon which has up to 10 advanced chapters in all of my stories. This arc has actually just finished there, so that's cool.

Anyway, that's all. Thanks again!
( . .) <(Something for you. If you like my stories enough. Up to 10 chapters.)
( づ🎁

Active Fics:
Literally, the Only Male Student (Blue Archive)
Abusing Tropes in a Generic Anime World for Maximum Bullshit (Multicross)
The Agenda Cursed Technique (Jujutsu Kaisen)
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:adamasx, DarkBlackJack, kalifianto and 684 others
Skrubchap
Aug 14, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Jump to new
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Khon
[NSFW] Mobile Suit Gundam: Remnant (UC Timeline, SI)
Khon Jun 18, 2026 Words: 7.9k anime isekai mecha
Replies15
Views1K
Jun 24, 2026
Khon
Khon
Vagabond
 [NSFW] Project PHAETON (Gundam UC)
Vagabond Jun 21, 2026 Words: 24k 1 2 3 4 commision mobile suit gundam universal century
Replies114
Views13K
Today at 09:39
Argentis
Argentis
_Karma_
 [NSFW] Dragon x Dragon ? This World Now Belong To Phoenix. High School PxP
_Karma_ Aug 10, 2026 Words: 2.7k dxd si high school dxd high school dxd au
Replies17
Views3K
Aug 20, 2026
Fenrir of the North
EclipsingDragonMoon
Thread watched
 [NSFW] Blazing Stars of a New World (FGO X DxD)
EclipsingDragonMoon Jun 22, 2026 Words: 9.2k 1 ... 29 30 31 both sides will be treated with respect fate series fate/grand order
Replies928
Views54K
Aug 16, 2026
Bingo55
Bingo55
DefenderGerson
 [NSFW] Universal Century: Emerald Flames (Prototype)
DefenderGerson Aug 3, 2026 Words: 29k mobile suit gundam my hero academia au
Replies8
Views781
Tuesday at 18:38
DefenderGerson
DefenderGerson
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit